user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,242640,16124487,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"This is the best Goblin simulator ever made. It's also a damn fine pure stealth game. If you lose stealth you can recover by parrying and trying to hide again, but we all know if you get seen you are supposed to reload your last save. That's how you play a stealth game."
,Recommended,242640,12430151,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Science,"Has the classic vibe of a stealth game, massive maps, and an alright story behind it all.Pros:Lots of potential with maps.I've a mere 4 hours and I have only completed the first mission on ""Goblin"" difficulty (which is the hardest of the difficulties. The maps are incredibly large. full of many possibilities of your sucess or demise; be it the convinient tunnel, heavy objecting hanging above a guard, malfunctioning machines, gob in a box, the common ledge, the miscalculation of one's eyes, and much more.A game for nitpicking.There's quite a handful of enemies on each map, you can keep to the shadows and aim directly to the objective, or you could just run aimlessly assassinating every living thing you can find. While I could have skipped a good 90% of enemies without killing them, I simply could not pass on finding and assassinating EVERYTHING. l got a lot more of this game trying to clear an entire map over simply running towards the next loading screen.Smooth Graphics.Cyanide certainly knows how to make a good optimized game with some nice graphics. It's no next gen, but I'm sure many of us care for gameplay over graphics these days. I'd say I ran at a smooth 60 FPS at the highest settings, with very little tearing. I'm using GeForce GTX 560 Ti, non overclocked with 12 RAM.Good Handling.Controlling Styx is quite seamless with a gaming mouse. The amount of his abilities make a gaming mouse quite useful, but for those that don't own such luxuries can change any keybind through the options. I attempted playing it with a 360 controller, and I would say I much prefer Mouse+Keyboard combo due to easy access of key binds. Let's just say Styx isn't the best at grabbing ledges sometimes...It's better than Thief.That poor poor franchise.CONS:The AIThis is a stealth game, so I constantly had many ""Really?"" moments. The enemy AI is no different from any other stealth game and pretty much comes in two ways: the first being ""Guard notices you, you run to hide, guard can't find you despite being a few inches away with a very obvious glowing orange tattoo"" or the second which is ""Guard notices you, you engage, dodge, parry, counter, dead guard, move on"". I noticed I went through a lot of the second way through my first playthrough on Hard. To combat the non-stealth feeling and linear gameplay, I simply switched the difficulty to the highest which is ""Goblin"". I would not recommend any other difficulty if you truly want the feel of a ""stealth game"". Getting one shot can be quite annoying, but hey, what kind of ""Master of Shadows"" would get caught in the act of murder?Bugs like a Bethesda Game.I have only experienced a few bugs, but none that made me reload. Any bugs that I did encounter were in a ""Bethesda"" way. Floating bodies, launching dead bodies after a kill, stretching rag dolls, teleportation when assassinating, and minor clipping. None were game breaking, and is clearly something all games these days face. I'm sure patches are to come.A ""Bioshock Infinite"" feeling.Those familiar with Bioshock Infinite might get a retaste with Styx's abilities. While Styx has several abilities, you might find yourself only using a few of them in most situations that aren't forcing you to use them.Overall opinion:It's definately worth the $30, but I HIGHLY recommend you play on the highest difficulty to get the real stealth feeling. You can easily make the game last a few hours if you simply run through the enemy and go for the objective; make the most of it by slaughtering everyone in the area and collecting relics/coins. Abuse the amber! Amber powers can easily be forgotten if you don't use them often, they can be quite helpful on many maps! Exploration is important. There will always be more than one way to kill an enemy. Sometimes there's ways of clearing an entire map by the push of buttons...Keep your amber vision lit... Oh and, I hope your virgin ears are ready for the constant f#cks and sh#ts both Styx and NPCs spray out like a rainy day.I give Styx: Master of Shadows an 8/10."
,Recommended,242640,18136055,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:Styx: Master of ShadowsOriginal Release:2014Genre Tags:Stealth; Action; Adventure; RPG; Noir; SteampunkMy Overall Grade:A-Estimated Playtime (Campaign):12-20 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:NoneRecommended To:Established fans of the genre; Aesthetes; Game atmosphere connoisseursREVIEWStyx: Master of Shadowsis a third-person adventure/stealth game that is pretty good, but isn’t great.  It has all of the typical stealth game properties in abundance, but it lacks any novel ideas.  It is a solid game, but certainly could have benefitted from some extra features and more finely tuned controls.  That said, if you are a fan of third-person adventure/stealth games, and you are looking for a new game to beat, then you will probably enjoy this.  But it is unlikely to become one of your favorite games ever.The best aspects of the game, in my opinion, are the game-world and the atmosphere.  A good job was done in creating an unstable, militaristic city in thesteampunkstyle.  The narrative was mildly interesting, albeit confusing.  Even after beating the game, I’m still not entirely sure I “get” everything that happened in the story.  The voice acting was also subpar and cringe-worthy at times, but ultimately it was tolerable.The gameplay itself was fun.  You really need to use stealth to get by, and there are usually multiple paths to choose from in order to accomplish your goal in a stealthy fashion.  You definitely want to avoid combat, especially in later levels.   The controls are mostly good and fluid; however, there are some situations where the controls get a little clunky… particularly while climbing.  Throughout your playthrough you will probably encounter a handful of situations where the controls screw you over.  If you make use of quicksaves, this will only amount to a minor annoyance, if at all.  If you are someone who buys into the “save-scumming” nonsense, and want to play using only checkpoints, then this could prove to be significantly more frustrating for you.There are a handful of abilities at your disposal to facilitate your stealthy progress, and you can increase the efficacy of those abilities by usingskill pointsto upgrade them.  Most of the abilities are available from the start, and you don’t get access to that many new abilities by leveling up; so the incentive to earnskill pointsdwindles midway through the game, when you already have all of the effective ones.  This may not be the case if you are after the achievement for unlocking every ability, but doing so will require multiple replays of each level and this probably won’t appeal to most gamers.Styx: Master of Shadowsis a fun game.  It has some flaws and it is lacking in some areas, but ultimately I can look back and honestly say I enjoyed the experience quite a bit.  I definitely recommend this game to fans of the genre; it is worth a playthrough for anyone seeking a new stealth game to beat.  Just be aware that it isn’t perfect.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
,Recommended,242640,13414741,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Santas Helper,"After 72 hours I can still say this game is AMAZING if you love hardcore stealth. While some people gripe about the combat system in place I find it a refreshing pace when I rarely DO mess up and have to defend myself. I do the little parry dance/kill minigame or dodge/roll thrown knife and/or escape and see if I can successfully hide away then I load a prior save and do it again the right way... without being detected... EVER. I personally enjoy finding how to kill EVERY SINGLE enemy on a map without ever being detected. As such, it has kept me playing this game for a long time. You have to use some pretty clever tactics when you start coming across multiple knight patrols (immune to takedowns) and more sinister things I won't spoil for you. While a mission will take me 4-6 hours to beat in this manner of killing every single enemy without being detected, as well as finding all the loot, it is a very enjoyable time. Then after I beat it like that I redo it in the handy 'mission replay' feature as a speed + mercy + shadow run. So I guess I can vouch for all styles of play, both the fast paced and the ridiculously slow, super careful, pace. This game is well polished all around and worth the price tag even at full value though it tends to go on sale often. The freedom of movement is something to be really thankful for after seeing recent quote unquote stealth games have a push button to win method of movement. If you like to engage your enemies head on, this is NOT the game for you. This is a stealth title as they were designed decades ago, don't get caught or you lose and hit your quickload key. Story is top notch, voice acting is superb as well (and only 5 people did all the voices). Game runs extremely well and looks/sounds/feels fantastic. I use a keyboard and mouse to play and it feels very natural and fluid. Having full control over what happens in your movement is very important here. There is no ""I win"" button for ledge traversing and there are no defined paths... if you miss a jump, it is your own fault. Make use of your shift (slow walk) and drop/lift/jump keys to do all you need exactly how you need to do it. This is something many early reviewers did not take time to realize and as a result many people think the controls are bad when in fact they are very intuitive and responsive. You just need to be smart enough to utilize them properly. If you lack patience, you likely won't enjoy this. The original Thief games (not the remake from a few years ago) are something to compare this game's approach to. If you enjoyed those you are likely the target audience for this game. On that note, Age 30-45 gamers who grew up playing unforgiving titles that challenged you and didn't hold your hand should find this a nice nostalgic feel compared to the current trends. Well I sure dragged on and on... but:TL;DR This game is amazing! WELL worth the price tag and then some. If it goes on sale, grab it. AAA title at a B price. You can't go wrong with that, unless of course you don't like this type of game. To each their own though!"
,Recommended,242640,14808133,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,-=ORC_Charza=-,"Once upon a time (in 1998) there was a game called Thief.Thief was one of the first games  that actually had stealth as a main gameplay mechanic.In the same year we were also treated with a game called ""Metal Gear Solid"" on Playstation (1).Styx reminds me of those games in many respects, and you know what, thats a good thing.So what is this all about ??So where are we ?Remember the game ""Of Orcs and Men"" ?Well, we are in the exact same world and we find ourselves in the labyrinthian Atrium of Akenash.A behemoth of a tower that was build by the technocratic human empire to encapsulate the magical Tree of Life.In this world humanity is an imperial race with a knack for technology.Their world views however are fascistic in nature.Humanity considers itself superior to all other races, and Elves, Orcs and Goblins are all persecuted or enslaved.We see this world through the eyes of Styx, a cynical Goblin, who is after the Tree of Life and the devine powers it is said to have.Styx however is a Goblin, which means he is small, and not very bulky, so don't expect a warhammer wielding tank type character here.Styx however has other tricks up his sleeve, and this is where the game gets interesting.GameplaySince we already established that Styx isn't a bulky fighter, he has to think of other ways to defeat his enemies.Now Styx happens to be very agile, meaning he can use the environment to his advantage, and boy, does this game offer you a lot of options in this regard !With the Atrium of Akenash being riddled with all kinds of hallways, tunnels, hidden passages you can approach every single situation in at least 3 different ways.If you start throwing Styx's more magical abilities into the mix, things get even more interesting.This is where the game shines.A well planned takedown feels rewarding and using your magical abilities and the environment is fun.Being a successful pickpocket is also good fun.Styx also evolves throughout the course of the game as several new skills are learned in different skill trees.These RPG elements add another layer to the gameplay, and you can build Styx in many different ways, suiting your playstyle.This means that my Styx characterbuild can be very different from yours, each with its own pros or cons.Your inventory is very limited. This means you really have to take care with using your resources, since they can't always be replenished.How refreshing !Combat is hard in this game.Basically all of your opponents are bigger, well armed and stronger than you.So don't expect fancy swordplay and enemies waiting in line for you to hack them down like in Assassins Creed.Styx is lethal to the unsuspecting opponent, and has a good chance in a one on one combat situation, but facing more than one opponent at the same time, is doomed to fail.The combat system relies on well timed parry moves and lethal stabs you can perform after a successful parry.It takes a little time to get the hang of it, but once you understand the mechanic it will feel good.Direct combat however is best avoided and the game is rather unforgiving, so don't expect to charge into a room, and kill 20 opponents with only a few strikes.Combat is not the focus of this game, and it's all the better for it.Platforming is also part of the experience.As already mentioned before, Styx has to use the environment to his advantage.This means that you can jump and climb on many things, hang on ledges, and use your platform gusto to get around the place.The controls are very responsive, and if you connect a gamepad to your PC, the controls will soon be 2nd nature to you.What I particularly liked was the fact that the climbing and jumping actually requires skill.Styx can't just climb everywhere, and is not necessarily auto snapped to a surface. So getting around also requires you to use your brain and plan ahead. This feels strangely refreshing in a gaming landscape where platforming has become an easy access semi automatic thing.Graphics and sound designSo how is the game in term of graphics and sound design ?Well in terms of graphics the game is above average and the art design is simply great.Environments look beautiful and characters have a very unique feel to them.The style can be described as comicy, yet things are still grounded in reality.The world itself is largely medieval with a hint of steampunk.  Iseria is a well realized world with a lot of dark secrets, and the artstyle reflects this perfectly.Technically the game runs smooth and it has some incredible lighting.The charactermodels and textures could have benefited from some extra detail, yet the graphics do not disappoint.The game's sound as stated before is great.Especially the little details stand out, like the many different creaky noises a wooden floor can make.Sound design is important in a stealth game, and Styx doen't disappoint.Voiceacting is overall very good.Some lines are delivered a little bland , and sometimes you will notice that certain bits of dialog are recycled, yet most of it is done very well.For a game that was made under a very tight budget, it has some very nice production values, and it makes me wonder what this team is capable of when having a very high budget.ConclusionSo this brings us to my conclusion.Styx Master of Shadow is a very well made stealth RPG game that will bring you to a very different medieval fantasy world.In terms of gameplay the game was made following the rules written in the ""old school era"".That means that the game doesn't hold your hand, and is less accessible.Ironically a game like this shows me the many things wrong with modern day game design.While many modern games look amazing, they simply lack any bit of soul or substance.This game made me truly feel like a shadow assassin. More than any Assassins Creed game ever did !It might not be everyones cup of tea, but if you like a good challenge I would certainly recommend you to buy this game.Surprisingly good !"
76561198080272193,Recommended,242640,12522298,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Appendix : Pain Bringer,"This is my first proper review so please forgive any armature shortcomings.Let me start off by saying that, before buying this game I did a lot of review reading and found quite a few negative points.The most prominent of these points being 1.Graphics 2.Game mechanics (mostly due to ledge detection) 3.Poor controls 4.The map 5.The Combat system and a few more smaller issues that I’ll get to later1.GraphicsNo the graphics are not great. The general scenery I found to be appealing, but when you look a little closer you will notice how this games graphics really are a let-down. Faces are jus.... well let’s say they could be improved.But when did a games graphics become more important than gameplay when considering buying a game?2.Game mechanicsThe biggest issue people seem to have with this is ledge detection, I personally haven't missed any (well placed) jumps due to this on my end. I don't really see much of an issue with regard to ledges myself, sure Styx enjoys hovering in mid-air just off the edge of a ledge but that can be forgiven. (You can't however hang-crawl from one ledge to another...)Other mechanics issues tend to be with shadowy spots being difficult to determine, which is true it isn't easy to tell whether Styx is hidden from view judging on whether it seems he is in a shadowy spot or not, BUT he does have a tattoo on his arm which lights up when he IS hidden (very easy to see and make use of)3.Poor controlsThis seems to be causing people to miss jumps and plummet to their deaths, are they perhaps just not good at the game? I couldn't say, what I can say is that (again) I haven’t had any real issues with this, but then again I have only played the game with a (Xbox 360) controller so I don't have any real experience using a keyboard to control Styx.4.The mapIt's terrible, it will NOT help you don’t use it.That being said, it encourages the player to explore the areas a little more.Although some navigational input via a map that actually helped would be nice.5.The Combat systemis not fun it isn’t engaging and it leaves Styx utterly useless at fighting... well pretty much anything.THIS IS A HARDCORE STEALTH GAME! If you're using the combat system you're doing it wrongSide NotesI read that someone found it frustrating that there was no way to distract enemies.All I have to say to this is THERE IS A WAY. Styx is able to make a noise (default is hold 'x' on the keyboard or 'down' on a gamepad) this noise will lure guards to the source of the notice. ""Great"" you say thinking how useful it's going to be luring all guards to your current location. But fear not! Your clone can also make a noise, in the same way Styx does. So move your clone around the other side of enemies press 'x' and boom guards walk towards the noise and out of your way.THE PROS-It's got an interesting story-The Gameplay is absolutely wonderful (personal opinion here)-It's difficult! Which leads to much planning and enjoyment of your success-Huge maps, with multiple ways of navigating and completing levels-STEALTH STEALTH STEALTH! This is a stealth game, it relies heavily on stealth, and stealth is needed to accomplish anything! So if you're a fan of stealth games this is for youOne last thing Quicksaving IS your friend do not be scared to use it"
,Recommended,242640,30068833,Posted: 20 February,all,edwardsprout,"I notice a number of consumers have given this game a rather unsavory review. Most issues centering around things such as a poorly constructed story line, terrible combat, abhorrent controls and AI.Well here I am to give my review. I've only played the game for thirty four hours so far. But, while I found it hard to advance that was only due to the difficulty I had remaining stealthy and avoiding turning Styx into another random splotch underneath a guard's boot. It had perhaps one of the most incredible plots I've experienced in my time gaming. The beginning was simple, made to fool you with a basic story, but not even half way through and I was breathless. It made me feel confused and torn as to whom I should support, and for once I wasn't sure of something.Who was the bad guy. Myself? Or him.Moving on.Combat has been an issue with some people but first off, it is a stealth game. Styx is a small, squishy goblin who strikes best from the shadows.I found nothing wanting with their fighting mechanic. I can only say the same for the controls, if anything I enjoyed them. And the fact that this game was so open but at the same time closed, was something that provided a great deal of enjoyment for myself. So many different possible routes to pick from had me guessing where to go next.The soundtrack was another key factor in this product for me. As with the game this is a prequel of, their music was absolutely stunning.One more thing that kept me going was that the protagonist is a goblin.Any game or franchise that allows the player to pick something like that automatically gets good grades in my book.All in all for something made three years ago it's great."
76561198070107194,Recommended,242640,12419171,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,-More-,"Seeing a negative review on the front page scared me into writing a positive one, as I'd really like this game to do well, though I will try my best to remain unbiased in my review.GraphicsWell it does have them. They aren't fantastic, not by any means. I've seen quite a bit of texture pop-in, and a lot of grainy, ugly textures throughout. However, when the graphics work, they work. The outside bits are incredible, and watching the ships floating around this huge, open castle is pretty awesome. However, sadly, most of the game keeps you held up inside the castle, seeing the same damn white tiles over and over and over again. The character models are also fairly rubbish, other than Styx, the protagonist. Texture pop-in is rampant, their clothes clip through their bodies, and they just look a bit washed out and ugly. Styx, however, looks great. His glowing orange tattoo is very nice looking (it's glowing when you're in the dark, neutral when you're in the light - a cool way of telling the player whether they can be easily seen).5/10 - serviceableControlsSooo, the controls may be another downside, but not as bad as the graphics. While waddling around on the ground the game works just fine. You can move around the shadows nicely, and navigating under desks and tables is easy to do. However, platforming can be a bit tricky. For the most part, it'll work fine - until you need to jump to a ledge. The ledge detection is occasionally terrible, causing Styx to plummet to his death or clumsily crash right in front of a guard. This sort of hit-or-miss platforming wouldn't be too bad if the game didn't rely on Styx platforming so often. You will, many a times, find yourself enjoying climbing around guards, stealthily navigating the side of a building until - whoops, the game didn't detect that ledge, now you're dead.6/10 - Good enoughGameplayThis is where the game shines and for all intents and purposes makes up for its other shortcomings. Gameplay is more than solid, it's great. It's very much a stealth game, the focus is not at all on combat and you will almost never find yourself directly confronting guards. Other than when you're playing on Goblin (the game's hardest difficulty, which makes getting caught too close to gaurds an instant death - they pick you up and stab you), the game's combat is basically a quick time event. You parry the guard's attacks until you find an opening, where you promptly stab them in the gut. This isn't a great system, but luckily you won't be seeing it often or ever. The core of the game involves platforming around, sneaking, and stealing. You crawl under tables, up walls, and hide in shadows in order to avoid guards. Styx also has a special ability which allows the player to create clones, become invisible, or use a sort of super vision similar to the one used in the Arkham series. Clones allow you to distract guards, pull levers, and in some cases dispatch enemies. Stealth allows you to become completely invisible for a short time, though you still make sound. The super vision (forgot what it was called) allows you to spot guards, items, and places to climb on. All of these really help the game shine, and it truly feels like and old school stealth game, especially when playing on Goblin mode (recommended).9/10 - FantasticStoryI won't linger on this too much, as I haven't reached the ending. So far it's pretty good, and a nice way of progressing the game. It's your basic dark fantasy universe, and it's used well.-/10 - Will be updated in the futureTL;DRAll in all, you'll probably enjoy this game. It definitely refers back to the old school days of stealth gaming and I really appreciate that. It does have some pretty gnarly graphics, but that can be excused as they are plenty good enough to still enjoy. Its biggest issue is poor platforming controls, which will hopefully be fixed in the future. The gameplay is fantastic, and makes this game one of my favorites of the year. The story, so far, is good.Final score8/10 - Great(My final score is normally based off an average of the other scores, which would have put this game at a 6.6, rounded to 7. However, since I haven't finished the story, I gave it an extra point - as the story is good so far)."
,Recommended,242640,23537567,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Space is the Place,"Stealth mechanics are really integrated in the actual videogame landscape, stealth games, not so much. Styx is a pure stealth game, not a game where stealth is an option, but a necessity. This doesn´t mean being spoted it´s an instant game over, but the game certainly doesn´t encourage that you do so, and there´s only a certain amount of enemies and situations that you can handle on combat. And this is one of the stronger aspects of the game, you´re a small goblin and the whole gameplay is based upon that premise. Styx doesn´t become in a killing machine instantly after buying some skills that affect the world but not him, you´re only in control of this small creature and he´ll always be a small creature, more suited to crawl under tables than to take on 4 guards at the same time.Besides the original main character the game also has an amazing area design, taking full advantage of both horizontal and vertical structures, allowing for multiple ways to tackle most situations. Not all is  gold tough, this game relies heavily on exploration and patience, if you don´t care for those things the game run time plumbers. There´s also some areas that you revisite, and players that don´t  enjoy the previous things wil probably hate this even more.In the end Styx: Master of Shadow is a passable game for non stealth fans, but if you´re one of them, Styx is def a sleeper title that hooks you up inmidiatly and one of the best current pure stealth experiences."
,Recommended,242640,34518088,Posted: 26 August,all,Đﾑ√łĐ MØN$Ŧ€Я,"Having actually played the game for two hours so far, I felt most reviews that complain about the combat were expecting Assassins Creed or the popular Arkham combat style thats been popular lately.Styx though has a nice style of combat that will punish you for mistakes, and makes it so you have to think about who, how, and where to kill. THAT is what makes a good Stealth game.Having said that this game is actually really good, it does have issues such as ledges are a pain, controls are not bad, but could be a little better. My biggest issue with every stealth game is the all seem to have a ""find mode"" such as Styx's amber vision, while it fits with the story and idea behind the game I can let it slide cause it doesn't blow immersion completely(I cant see through walls). Other then that for a stealth game its very good, and we have not seen many of them lately!"
76561197979875574,Recommended,242640,14639795,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,"Styx Master of Shadows is a third person sneaker, which feels a good deal like the first two thief games in which there is a living world, guards, civilians, elves and such have their own agendas and every map feels ""functional"".One thing to note is that the game itself seems to be made to be played on the highest difficulty, ""Goblin"", which is just above ""hard"".  The combat system feels completely out of place, when you have to fight someone, you're locked in a sort of duel where you need to parry attacks and strike when you see an opening.  This is the main reason why the Goblin difficulty feels much more playable than any levels below that.  You're a weak little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and pretty much everyone except scribes and librarians can kill you in one hit.  See that guy just repairing a wall?  if he grabs you, he'll splatter your head on the floor.  That nonchalant guard?  Slit your throat before you can say ""♥♥♥♥ you"".  With that said, there is something amazingly fun in picking off targets one by one, stuffing them in cupboards or chests, like removing the layers from an onion.  There are a few more skill points to be gained in each level if you do NOT kill anyone but it's very minimal.The story shines like a diamond with several plot twists you won't see coming and you keep playing just to see what will happen next.  The whole thing happens in a world where orcs exist but goblins don't, so think of it as a sort of genesis for goblins story.You're also never treated with kiddie gloves.  All your special powers are available from the start with their respective upgrades available for purchase.  There are six skill trees with 4 skills each plus a unique tree that unlocks depending on which trees you've completed.  These range from the semi useful, like having better clones to the workhorse skill ""killing from a corner or below"" which you'll use pretty much the whole game..  to the incredibly useful and almost overpowered skill that lets you see throught walls AND all collectibles in a map.  Using that skill is very much like Batman's detective vision from the Arkham series but more balanced since you pay it with mana and it lasts for about 10 seconds only.  Fortunately, the mana always regenerates to a minimum so you can always use the amber vision and cloning if you wait a bit.The music is fantastic and the voice over is convincing, if lacking a bit of diversity.  Still, considering how large the maps are and how you're expected to take your time, it's forgivable to an extend.  No complains about the graphics, the whole game looks great and runs with no slowdowns at all even with several enemies at once.The game's mechanism also means that your devious plans all might work.  When you mess up, you never feel it's because the game's cheating or it's too hard, it feels like it's your fault and you think of ways to get throught situations.  You'll grow to see some parts like puzzles, where you examine patrol routes, try to distract people to eliminate them one by one.  When you'll get to the part with elves in the late game, you'll need to rethink your strategies since being silent and sneaky isn't enough anymore as they SMELL you.  Fortunately elves are far, far less numerous than human targets even in a dedicated elven map like the last two so you will learn how to deal with them.Now for the problems.  In my opinion, there is one major one that I tried hard to forgive but it left a sour taste in my mouth.  Map recycling.  The whole game takes place in a single tower so I understand why it happens and when you revisit a map, you get why you do it... but it does feel pretty cheap.  There are two maps where you play throught them THREE times and there's an especially annoying mission where you go from an aqueduct, a jail, a laboratory then a high security prison... only to do all these in reverse at the start of the other mission!  There are new objectives for each but you feel like that second part could have been done by narration.Another problem, which some gamers won't find annoying but I do have a bit of ADD regarding collectibles.  Each mission has 3-4 maps each, so about 24 maps, each will take 1-2 hours depending on how quickly you move throught them.  Each map has ten tokens scattered all over the place, some easy to find, others maddeningly well hidden.  You get a small bit of skill points if you gather ALL tokens in a mission (so either 30 or 40) plus one relic.  If you miss a single one, you get nothing.  The payoff, 20 skill points, feel pointless since you get about 250sp per mission if you do secondary objectives.  I did enjoy gathering the tokens but man, is it an all or nothing deal.  If you don't care about a few skill points ignore them but otherwise, get busy.  There is a skill that makes the whole thing immensely easier, the one that lets you see tokens and enemies all over the map so some people might want to wait until they get that one and then return to previously finished maps to gather them all.Plus :-Solid story-Amazingly fun to be a sneaky little goblin-Living environment-Large maps with multiple paths to get where you want-You can puke in people's food and water to poison themCons :-Very little payoff to gather all tokens-Map are recycled a LOTVerdict?  8/10.  Recommended to any fantasy fan and a must have for fans of Hitman and Thief."
,Recommended,242640,29230961,Posted: 13 January,all,SourceM7,"""AAAAH ! A MONSTEEER !!""when you hear thatyou have two choise1 - be strong and beat the enemies2 - load last game savei like to choise 2"
,Recommended,242640,20002503,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Baudisch,"A pure stealth game, a true gem. Yes, there is combat, but it is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (in a good way) that it forces you to do everything in stealth.To give you an idea on how hidden you can play, most of the levels took me around 1 to 2 hours to finish, where there is a level that took me 4 hours along a week, because I was trying to complete everything without being detected, without killing anyone and taking all tokens (secrets present in every level).The story is also VERY surprising at the end.The best game I played in 2015 (I haven't played Fallout 4, TW3 or other 2015 game, so that counts towards what I played this year)."
76561197970222712,Recommended,242640,12941515,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,K$,"I was pleasantly surprised by Styx and ended up thoroughly enjoying it.Yes, the combat system is pants... but it's a stealth game. If you want to fight things, this probably isn't the game you are looking for. The stealth and sneak attack mechanics are solid though and the upgrade mechanics are simple and well done, but keep the game stealth-focused even after you have some or all of the upgrades.Finally, the story may seem like throwaway garbage at first, and I have to admit I almost stopped playing, but it starts to get a whole lot better part-way through and the ending is very solid.It's the rare stealth game that actually gets better, both in game play and in story, the further along you get.November 2016 update: this game got my “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” award."
76561197994245753,Recommended,242640,13255748,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,sK0pe,"I strongly recommend this game for people who are looking to play a stealth game.However pure stealth games are very punishing, this is not action stealth like Splinter Cell where you can run around killing everyone and still win.  The same goes for Dishonored, there is no panic action of killing an entire room of foes.Styx is much more like Mark of the Ninja or the old Metal Gear Solid games.If you like sneaking around, manipulating enemies,  hiding bodies and having a very open ended  way of problem solving areas then this game is for you."
76561197995421497,Recommended,242640,34801580,Posted: 7 September,all,Steve-O,"5 Things You Should Know aboutStyx: Master of ShadowsWhat's Is It?Stealth game with a fantasy setting.  The story follows a foul-mouthed, drug-addicted goblin named Styx as he tries to get into the Heart of the World Tree.  Language content not appropriate for younger children, violence content is typical for games in the genre.What's The Best Part?The game is all about stealth.  You have multiple options for dealing with enemies (avoidance, distraction, clone ambush, etc.)  There are multiple paths through most areas, although sometimes the safer alternates (i.e. paths that stay away from all the guards) can be hard to spot.  I also enjoyed the strong ""vertical"" theme in level design.  Often avoiding guards means climbing up and over, which I found fun.What's The Worst Part?Combat, no doubt.  The combat system is difficult to handle - I basically gave up and outright avoided combat for a long time, until my skill purchases made it more feasible.  Even when I could do it, I found it tiresome.  However, a good stealth game encourages the player to avoid combat (and detection of any sort) anyway, so I didn't mind this drawback too much myself.The story is grating at times, but it comes together in the end.Will I Like It?If you like stealth games, you ought to at least try it.  Unfortunately there doesn't appear to be a free demo for Master of Shadows, as there is for the sequel (Shards of Darkness), however, as I write this, Master of Shadows is on sale for about $6.00.Should I Buy It?I would say yes, if you're into stealth games.  If you're on the fence, wait for a sale.  This one is getting pretty cheap on sale now that the sequel is out.This has been a 5TYSK review. (#0006)"
76561198007197608,Recommended,242640,22788882,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,[S]almon,"Styx is a hardcore stealth game where you control a sneaky goblin as he makes his way through a tower full of humans, elves and other baddies looking to kill him. Fortunately, you’ve got a few tricks up your sleeve as Styx eventually learns to throw knives, spawn clones, pull off a series of different kills and even turn (briefly) invisible. Ultimately, Styx is a lot of fun but it’s clearly a game that’s geared towards true stealth fans.As other reviewers have pointed out, Styx is nothing like other modern “stealth” games like Assassin’s Creed, where stealth is essentially optional and you can choose to play the game as if you’re Rambo if you want. If you don’t hide in Styx, you die. Simple as that. And die you will. I played through the game on normal and I died literally hundreds of times. Auto saves are uncommon, so you need to get in the habit of saving after every guard slain or corner passed unnoticed.While I found Styx to be a lot of fun, the difficulty and uncompromising nature of the game will put a lot of people off. If we’re going to go off Steam achievements - less than half of players even finish Styx’s prologue, and a mere 8% make it all the way through the game. You’ve been warned. I’ll also admit that there are times in the game when the developers make it a challenge to a point that doesn’t even make sense. For example, there a plenty of areas where the beetles and humans interact freely - why don’t they attack one another? Wouldn’t that add another layer of depth to the game? All that being said, if you love classic stealth games like Thief, look no further than Styx for your next purchase!"
,Recommended,242640,31033710,Posted: 8 April,all,Pikapool,"Styx Master of Shadows is a game made by Cyanide Studios. Fortunately, Styx is way much better and polished than Sniper Ghost Warrior. You will play as the Goblin named Styx, your task it to go to the heart of the Great Amber Tree. This game is focused on stealth, dont even bother engage to an open combat, cause it sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ When you fighting against enemy, you only press one button, which is LMB/X/square (KBM/DS/XBOX360) to parry, after parrying for a few times, press it again to kill the enemy. Read below for a quick pro/con.Pros:- Good optimization, never had any problems.- Good level design, this game urge you to explore to find shortcuts, useful for finishing the level as fast as possible to get the token. The map is quite big, some stage has secret rooms.- Good AI, when the enemy spotted you, they will go to your last seen position and looking for you and then searching the surroundings, opening chests, wardrobes, looking under the tables, and even can lit the torch that you put out. I didnt see this kind of AI in Dishonored or Thief. Nice one Cyanide- Good stealth mechanic. In this game, darkness is your friend, as long as you are in a dark place, the enemies cant spot you, or they might be suspicious at best. And the cover system is convenience, with one press of a button you can move sideways while in cover. And to add more challenge, the game give you two enemies that can screw your game, the bugs that has poor sight but heightened hearing sense and the elves. The bug is self explanatory, but the elves, they can sense your amber (why? play the game to find out), so staying too long near an elf, they will kill you in one hit (same as knight). The last few maps kinda frustrating on hard difficulty.- The skills are pretty neat, like Clones. You can strangle a foe with it, bobby-trap a chest with it, or create a diversion with it. Sometimes it can help you in a dire times in story mode. The rest of the skills are generic.Neutral:- Graphic- StoryCons:- 3rd person view, seriously?? A stealth game in 3rd person wont be as hard or good as in 1st person. Move the camera slightly, AHA! There is an enemy there. Not a game breaking, but its less fun for me.- Invisibility and dark vision, most of stealth game has these 2 now. Dark vision is okay, cause it helped me finding the collectibles. But invisibility makes the game easy.- Lack of gadgets, you only has dagger, sands and throwing knives.If you like stealth game, give this one a try. This is a prequel of another game called Of Orcs and Men. Get it on sale though, the game is quite short. Thanks for reading this review, if you have any critics or advice regarding my review, feel free to write on comments."
,Recommended,242640,29688112,Posted: 4 February,all,Ludovic di Andolfo,"This game is a great success. Styx is a game which totally respects the stealth genre. The ambiance and the level architecture bring to a subtle and discrete gameplay. Musics set the tone of the medieval universe. Graphics are basic but artistic direction is interesting so it's not an important default. The gameplay is large because there are many opportunities of action, moving and choice in order to achieve our goal.If you know Thief serie or you simply appreciate stealth genre, so just play this game, I think you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,242640,28386130,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gerikoh!,"+/ Pure stealth gameplay.+/ An original take on a medieval universe.+/ Great vertical level design.+/ Tight, responsive controls.+/ Appealing and fun main character.+/ A simple, efficient gameplay core.+/ Good music.-/ Outdated graphic engine and animations.-/ Dumb AI (still very agressive though.)-/ Cringy voice acting, except from Styx.-/ Useless combat mechanic.-/ Sometimes confusing objectives directions./ Styx is a fun, tight and excellent game for old school stealth fans. While its artistic and graphic directions are not the most impressive, its deep and complex level design, open gameplay and unforgiving yet fun mechanics make it remarkable, especially as a small budget game. One could deplore the fact that said mechanics remain simple and maybe too limited, but I find them to be perfectly balanced and to work very well in the frame of the level design, using every nook and cranny of every mission to force the player to use every tool he has at his disposition. Furthermore, while the lack of financing shows in some easy shortcuts, especially on the graphic department and the sometimes really bad voice acting, Styx remains a very good , sometimes impressive work on unique and fun stealth mechanics making it a hidden gem of the hardcore stealth genre. Much as its main character, Styx might not be the prettiest or fanciest game out there, but he deserves your attention and ultimately is appealing, fun, and addictive. Definitely worth a buy./_"
76561197994689674,Recommended,242640,12424097,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Hardy,"For people saying 'the controls are terrible', they're not. It's works perfectly with mouse and keyboard, the only thing required for this game is a teeny tiny bit of motor skills.I'm fairly certain that the people complaining about the controls have played entirely too much Assassins Creed and are used to pressing a single button, running towards a wall and letting your character climb huge buildings by himself. Styx has a much more Jump'n'Runn-y feel to it that requires precise jumps, those however are ALWAYS possible, as long as you aim correctly. It has nothing to do with bad controls, just with bad players.Apart from that, this game is a true stealth game, meaning the combat is (luckily) virtually nonexistant. The highest difficulty is absolutely challenging and incredibly fun, the rewarding feeling of beating a level without killing anyone/being seen and grabbing all the collectibles and relic is amazing.A definite recommendation for any fan of classic stealth games, this is pretty much the only game I have ever played to come close to the original 'Theif' series."
,Not Recommended,242640,20344905,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,evil 👽,"I’m really not sure why this game has so many positive reviews. Personally, it annoyed the ♥♥♥♥ out of me.Pros:Open levels that offer several pathways.Ability to play completely non-lethal.Cons:Unpredictable A.I. that sometimes bugs out and gets stuck in place.Buggy Physics. I cannot tell you how many times I stealth killed a guard only to have his body fly the ♥♥♥♥ across the room and land in front of three other guards.Same levels used multiple times. Throughout the game many of the levels are recycled, forcing you to backtrack your way through the same levels over and over.Annoying enemies. I don’t know who thought the beetle enemies were a good idea…Getting spotted through solid objects while standing still in the dark… I had this happened on several occasions.You cannot kill enemies who are right next to you if you aren’t standing on the ground. This made no sense to me whatsoever.  Many of the contextual executions you can perform suffer from similar issues as well. Pulling guards off ledges or killing them behind cover is impossible in so many places that it shouldn’t be.Grabbing onto ledges (THIS IS BYFAR THE MOST ANNOYING THING IN THE ENTIRE GAME)In order to hold on to a ledge, you have to hold the walk key and walk off. Doesn’t sound so bad? Well, if you’ve just been spotted by a guard and you want to dash out of sight, holding the walk key is not a good way to break LOS. This doesn’t even work on some ledges and you will always fall to your death. This really should have been handled by a separate key press.The ledge detection issues don’t stop here. Want to jump to a ledge and hang on so you’re not spotted by the guard above you? No problem, just hold in the jump key, but guess what?! Sometimes it doesn’t work… like everything else in this game and you’ll pull yourself up and be instantly spotted.Poor Voice Acting.Suffers from UE3 streaming/stutter issue.I suppose Styx would be a decent stealth game if it wasn’t for all of the annoying bugs and control issues. Sadly I cannot recommend this game to anyone unless you are really desperate for a new stealth game. I suggest you pick it up for under $5.00 if you do.Rating: 2/5"
76561198017489449,Recommended,242640,12412071,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,✠SpookySirwarriant,"So far this is fantastic. I am about 8 hours in as of writing this and have yet to have been disapointed with any aspect of the game. If you are a fan of games like the Theif series or Dishonoured you will enjoy this. The game can be very challenging, requiring you to be aware of your surroundings at all times as well as making sure your timing is perfect with patrols and what not. You can use your abilities to create intersting and helpful combinations such as using your clone to lure gaurds underneath a crate which can then be quickly unfastened by you to kill the gaurds making it look like an accident. The story is fairly good and Styx is a very likeable witty sarcastic goblin that entertains you with his thoughts.The game feels a bit like a hybrid between Thief and Dishonoured mixed due to the various abilities you have access to. If you enjoy all the fancy kills in Dishonoured such as drop assassinations, theres those plus more. If you enjoy skulking in the shadows avoiding gaurds and putting out torches to help you sneak around you are able to do that with the hlp of balls of sand you can replenish throughout the maps as well as moving up to them to put them out. The different skill paths create very different experiences for you such as the kill line which enables things like cover kills and aerial kills, while the clone line enhances your clones abilties to distract and harrass enemies. The AI can be tricked using various things in the environment as well as your abilities, while some say the AI is bad I have found it functions just fine and very rarely if at all messes up aside from the ocasional getting stuck on something for a moment.Alot of reviewers haver some reason given this a low score due to issues they had with the climbing and ledge detection which is an integral part of the game. I however have had zero issues with this and found that as long as you are directly facing what your are jumping for and your jump is timed right, you will never miss a ledge grab.All in all I would highly recomend this game especialy since the price is so low, I would give it a solid 8.5, it's a hell of a lot better than alot of the big games that have releaed this year."
76561198061844476,Not Recommended,242640,32471031,Posted: 16 June,all,SAGI,"I read a lot of the negative reviews before writing my own. A few of them are exaggerating, but most being frank and are able to point out some very crusial weaknesses of this game. For the first 10 hours of gameplay it was fairly enjoyable experience, with assassinations and stealth being both satisfactory and rewarding. Then I found myself reload more often as I progress because the game gets noticeably hard. More annoying enemies are added, forming up some really tricky and ruthless combinations. There are even some enemies that can detect you when you are in the range even without seeing you. I am a big fan of this genre but I feel really annoyed and exhausted very often during late game. And enemies have a million unexplainable ways of detecting me, some of which I think are bugs. Will surely recommend if you like frustration, but I won't be buying the next game of Styx series."
,Recommended,242640,19265070,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,PSA.VirAlu,"Hello guys =), ( my english is not as good as it should be, but i hope my review can reach and help, more people)Styx, oh Styx...Basic Data:I played Styx around 27.5 hours from the Intro to the ending cutscene.Difficulty: Goblin [hardest one].Kills: I did not kill a single person! (recommended when it is supposed to be even more difficult [you will cry and rage])Shadow: No guard had seen me in the whole game! [recommended if you want to become frustrated]Level: 7, one of which is made up of 3-5 smaller levels.Story  ~  5/10 PointsI don't want to talk to much about the Story, because its not the best. The Story is really strange. You will get thrown into the story, not really knowing why and what is the heart of it. But later in the game it will all make sense. But in my opinion the story is a little bit too shallow.Gameplay ~ 8/10 PointsClimbing: It's nothing very special in the climbing actions, we can see this in so much other games too. Like ac. And sometimes it has the same problems! You want to drop, and he will climb and will stop in front of a guard. You jump on a hook and he will not grab it.Skills: You have so much Skills but in my opinion nothing overpowered. I think the best Skill is the invisibility Skill but its not time related its movement related. You can stand 10h on the same position but you only can run up to 10-15 meters. You can spawn mirror images and control them to kill, activate or simply take the whole attention to them. You have the Amber Vision which allows you to see people behind walls and its highlight items and interactive elements.Items: You have 5 Items. 3 Elixiere and 2 Throw items. The first Elixiere recovers health. The second the very important Amber (what you need to use your skills!). With the third you can get rid of a dead body. The two throw items are sand to put out the torches, and the knives that kill fast, silent and over distance.AI: The guards moving on prepared ways, so you can watch them, and make your plans. Sometimes there are trigger events and a guard will come straight to your position. In this situation it's important to know whats around you, tables, hooks or maybe a big jar. If there is nothing, you only can hide using your invisibility skill, but if they step on you they instantly know you are here. The Elves are the hardest ones they can feel your presence (over, behind, below, right, left, behind walls,jars, and in front of them ... horrible!!!). But think not the guards are stupid guys... they nearly see everything and interact really good together to find you in the area.Level Design ~ 10/10Awesome. You can't say anything else. I think it's impossible to find every single way to the goal! The Levels are sooo big and there are so many ways to get to the destination you want. The ways also related to your kind of playing it, because if you don't want to kill somebody you may should search sometimes for an other way.Conclusion  ~  26/30 Points  (22+4 Points because its sooooo hard, and give me that awesome feeling after finisch)First of all, this game is a m*********** b******, its hard like hell.Its not like some other stealth games... in this game you will probably find your master!Sometimes the AI moves nearly perfect. You sit there under a table and ask yourself ""how in the ******* world, i supposed to get out of here just again!""I think everybody plays this game like this: RUN! (5m) ok done, nobody seen me! (SAAVEEEEE!!!!) RUN! (3m) nobody seen me ? ok (SAAVEEEEE!!!) ... RUN->SAVE->RUN->SAVE...Your Save is full in the first hour of the game! =DBUT this is what i like! I like hard games because you feel sooo much better if you bring it to an end.This game is for people their are looking for a challenge and want to prove something for himself. You have to like yourself to torment.This game is not for people, who starting to cry when the game gets hard. You maybe must accept that you will probably never finish it.=) ok thats it. i hope it will help you!"
,Recommended,242640,28084749,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Cyanide StudioPublishers:Focus Home InteractiveInitial release:Oct 2014Genre:Action, Stealth#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthBSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): The not janky version of Shadwen? The good version of Velvet Assassin?Exposition, Concurrence and SummationStyx: Master of Shadowsis a stealth♥♥♥♥♥stealth game.Taking place in the same world asOf Orcs and Menit makes a huge departure from active pause party based combat for stealth driven directly controlled action.Getting caught is not really a great option as you are weak and die relatively fast. I'd equate it to something like Dishonored did when you must parry attacks and then deal the killing blow once caught. In the early game it's very easy to fend off guards however new types of enemies are introduced fairly regularly which can not be dispatched using traditional methods.Styx has what may seem like a limited repertoire at first. From puking out clones to be used for distraction or setting traps. To becoming invisible and throwing knives with absurdly deadly accuracy. All his abilities can be upgraded to become quite a bit more diverse as well as make Styx a much more nimble and a quieter target. Mostly involving a new ability or soft footsteps or reduced amber cost; The games sort of magic currency as well as a highly narratively important substance.The way the gameplay loop is setup is similar to Of Orcs and Men wherein you have a hideout to restock supplies like vials of amber or acid and apply the points you've earned through completing tasks in the previous mission. The missions are huge; On average they took me about 2 hours a piece. Granted, that is with completing most of the side objectives aside from locating the relic unless I accidentally happened upon it. There is some backtracking through the same stages but they are very open and big and with each visit brings new challenges. Itfeelsopen world in a lot of ways. Though it is not. Which is likely why the campaign took me 21 hours, quite a bit longer than the average campaign nowadays.The story is pretty good. It has a few twists near the end that were nice. I can't say I really cared about any of the characters all too much but they function in telling the story well enough to be enjoyable.THE GISTI really enjoy a good stealth game. I like surveying, making a plan and trying to execute it with no witnesses and if possible minimal expenditure of resources. And this game does all of that. It has some pretty interesting verticality in the level design. So, if you like actually playing stealthily, this is your game.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,242640,12991019,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Kherny,"Takes me back to good old days of thief. Quiet, composed, sneaking around.Currently going thro the sales phase, worth picking up if you dont have it.Similar to dishonored but with more emphasis on stealth and stealth kills and less on combat.Heres a vid showing early gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUgNv0iILJI"
,Recommended,242640,16333355,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,web_tracer,"An atmospheric stealth with some RPG-elements, well-written story and massive open locations to explore."
,Recommended,242640,12426130,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Redamancy 🐾,"""Aaaa a monster!""I'm a goblin you racist båstardIt's a pretty solid game from day one which is a surprise for an indie game.Are there bugs? yes.Does the AI need some rework?yes. (gets a daily update)Does the game offer extremely enjoyable gameplay?yes oh yes.Does the game offer a good story?Somewhat but thanks to Styx he got me hooked from the beginning.The graphics may not be that great, same goes to voice acting, but when it comes to stealth that's where it shines the best.If you're into the stealth genre like me, then this one is worth its price."
,Recommended,242640,22773460,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Ned,"One of those games that, for me, is best played when the house is empty.  I didn't break my controller....completely, the left trigger is kinda sticking now, must be where it hit the wall ^^Like any good stealth game, I wind up screaming at my television frequently when I do something stupid or when the game does something stupid and I have to reload a save that's like 15 minutes back, because I'm too stupid to abuse the save system like you're supposed to do for a game like this.Normally I'll join in the crowd and do a no-kill run, but since there wasn't an achievement for that, I decided overtly that I'm going to kill.....everyone.You know that scene in the movie Leon, where Gary Oldman screams ""EVERRRYYYYYONEEE!!!""If there's a guy, he's dead.If there's an elf, dead.Other goblins, dead.Weird bug things, dead.Gary Busey...not in this game, but he'd be dead too.Its actually been a fun challenge, to murder every single living thing on a level without ever getting caught.  Its a nice outlet for my anger when I spend half an hour trying to figure out how to distract an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ away from a dickbag while the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is looking the other direction; after reloading about 10 times and throwing my gamepad one or six times, successfully murdering the hell out of everyone feels really good xDGood stuff, look forward to buying a new controller for the sequel!"
,Recommended,242640,12459092,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ricasso,"This game reminds me of the first Thief game. There is very little hand holding and you can take several routes to achieve your goal. Throw in some odd abilities like creating a clone of yourself and using it to face hug a guard while you slip past, and you end up with a fun game that feels open and interesting.I'm about halfway through the game now and have already gone back to try different tactics through a couple of levels.  I've seen a few comments on difficult controls, but I disagree. I like the fact that I have to land a jump or grab ledge instead of the game automatically performing the action for me because I held down a couple of buttons. There is no automatic parkour action. Also, your inventory is limited. So you're forced to vary your abilities and hunt for replacement items when you run out.I like the storyline so far and the voice acting is pretty good. Especially considering the price. If I have one complaint it would be that the cursing in the game seems forced. Almost like they added it just to have it in there. I noticed the same thing in Of Orcs and Men as well.I definitely recommend getting this if you enjoy older style stealth games. I hope they make another."
,Recommended,242640,12408086,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Daddy,"so good.now this is what i call a video game.goblin mode, no hud, no indicators makes Geno a happy gamermore games like this please 10/10great story, great voices, replayability, stealth, highly detailed and elaborate and huge levels. soooo many choices on how to tackle a missionjust a goblin and his dagger. goin on a murder spree. very sastifying animation and take downs from player and enemiesme rambling more game like this please 10/10"
,Recommended,242640,12940379,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sneaksy,"Play Styx: Master of Shadows! It's one of the best stealth games, totally took me by surprise... Beautifully vertical environment with multiple paths that can lead to your destination, side missions and cool skills to develop, colorful main character that doesn't have moral dilemmas when killing is in question, thinking only how not to get discovered by ruthless guards and elves. Styx will remind you of Dishonored and Thief, but still bring something refreshing to stealth gaming."
76561198095588151,Recommended,242640,32593563,Posted: 20 June,all,Pathetic Pablo the Third,"People complaining about this games combat are most likely the same people who try to eat soup with a fork; you're doing it wrong.Now with out of the way, if you like fantasy and stealth games this is for you. Ofcourse game has some bugs, but I have experienced nothing game breaking yet. Game itself can be very challenging at some times but if you play on normal difficulty or below, there's nothing too hard.Pros.+Maps are large and well detailed+Game encourages you to explore levels with hidden treasures+Challenging at harder difficulties, especially if you are going for 0 kills 0 alerts (game encourages that too)+Easy to get into+With new types of enemies in pretty much every level, there's something new through the whole gameCons.-AI can be a bit dumb at times or detect you when they should not-Corpses sometimes bounce resulting in enemies going on alert-At somepoint you start noticing that the game reuses same maps (I personally have nothing against it).Overall a good game, with some flaws, I definitely recommend to people who are looking for a stealth-fantasy game."
76561198099982451,Recommended,242640,23721557,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Laluren,"This game has been out long enough that I feel there is little in the way I could add that someone else already hasn't. Still, I enjoyed it enough to finish and even full clear achievement-wise, so why not post a review?Being a big fan of stealth games, and having played my fair share from as far back as the late 90s, I went into it slightly biased and at first was going to judge it more harshly than the conclusion I ultimately came to. I could parrot all the negative aspects of the game as those previously have done before, it certainly has its fair share. Infact, when I really think about it, I haven't played a game in recent memory that had as many things against it, yet seemed to pull itself together enough for me to recommend. It's not a gorgeous game. It doesn't do anything new. I can't even say for certain it has an actual soundtrack(I only recall one song, that played maybe twice throughout the entire game, save the title screen). The only thing that mightactuallybe original, aside from your homely little green protagonist isthere are no female characters AT ALL. But with such a small team working on this title(you could count the amount of voice actors on one hand), even that isn't surprising.I will say that despite the lack of AAA game status, they didn't do too bad, when all is said and done. Alot of people complain about the combat, even though it's not a combat-centric game. You're supposed to sneak around, avoid detection, and kill silently, if you feel the need. The stealth kills are amusing enough, albeit I had more fun doing a mercy run second playthrough. I've read people have had issues with wall hanging, and while I certainly came across a few instances of cheap deaths resulting from the character just not being properly aligned with what I was moving toward, all the patches seem to have fixed the majority of this annoyance(it also helps to save often, it makes the game even more manageable). I will say that not being able to go around corners while hanging from a ledge, or even a dedicated button to transition from being atop a ledge to going into the hanging position is my biggest gripe of all, one that I hope will be addressed in future games.But enough about gameplay, every review should atleast mention the story, right? The story starts off slow, somewhat confusing, and rather sparse at first, with the ending finally fleshing it all out. Despite that, it left me satisfied, even with the rather disappointing final boss. Styx is an origin story for the character of the same name in Of Orcs and Men. That, if nothing else, it does ably enough. It left me cautiously optimistic, looking forward to the upcoming sequel, Styx: Shards of Darkness. And in the end, isn't that what a gameSHOULDaim to accomplish?While I enjoyed it enough that I feel the full $30 price tag isn't unreasonable, I recommend getting it at a discount during this year's Steam Summer Sale, if you want a decent stealth/assassination game. It might surprise you. I give it a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,242640,13070861,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,CassU,"Easy to review: If you like sneaking, this is for you.Pros:+Goblin mode+Tons of sneaking+Big and open maps+Awesome main character+Nice gamemechanics+Somewhat surprising story+Interesting style in cutscenes+Good re-playability (because there's so many ways&styles to go through on every map)Cons:-Graphics are not so high-Story will go, as it's meant to go.."
,Recommended,242640,12471613,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Holly King,"I'm playing through it on Goblin difficulty and it has been brutally unforgiving... Exactly the way I like my stealth games.The common criticism about Styx constantly knocking into stuff like chairs and cups, thereby alerting guards, is valid.  While kind of silly for a master of shadows to be walking around like a cat on a dining room table, these common obstacles are also something you're forced to consider when plotting how to get from one side of a room to another, and further increase the challenge of the game.I'm not a huge fan of the clone related traps and puzzles, and kinda wish there was just a pure co-op option.  Maybe in the next one, I hope.I also didn't know this was sort of a sequel to another game, Of Orcs and Men.  Also a great game, lots of fun, but very different to Styx, more of a tactical action RPG.  Highly recommend that game as well."
76561197979635569,Recommended,242640,33754783,Posted: 23 July,all,Zer0,"Caveat: the recommendation is intended for existing fans of the stealth genre. If you're not familiar with espionage/infiltration gameplay, you're unlikely to gain an appreciation for it in ""Styx.""  Though the story is decent, that plot progression is gated behind some maddeningly patience-trying stealth sequences, especially at the end.Hope you're looking for a challenge, because ""Styx"", like DMX, is gonna give it to ya. Some of this difficulty is deliberate (enemies such as Knights and Elves, difficulty selections such as 'Goblin', mission insignias, etc). Sadly, some of it is a consequence of mixed design goals and sloppy controls/interface. What's more frustrating than getting caught because, instead of dropping off the ledge to slip past a patrol, you instead slid across that same ledge and climbed up onto the next platform? Rather than the clever use of environmental interaction that worked in the same situation earlier, the same commands now send you on a completely unanticipated course, like some kind of slapstick scene in a comedy show. And in full view of the two Knights and elite crossbowman who had nothing better to do than hang out on the same balcony. All. ♥♥♥♥ing. Night. The answer my friends is nothing. Nothing is more frustrating than that.The game's focus is on stealth, and that's actually pretty awesome. To illustrate the point, on Goblin difficulty, you fail the mission if you're involved in a duel. Being a big fan of sneaking around, there was a lot of appeal in that aspect of the game. But even in this department, the game just can't seem to get out of it's own way. There are moments of greatness: for example, it's a BLAST to weave through a corridor or room full of hostiles and go unseen, all due to your expert timing, precision control and sheer testicular fortitude. But for every thrill of successfully navigating a minefield of potential detection, there are 3 or 4 cases of the run being blown because of incorrect behavior (aforementioned poor collision or texturing, unexplained variation in patrol/pathing, failure to release a ledge or begin a climb on command, etc). Nothing sours the taste of victory like having to repeat the process.The level design is alright, as you can make your way through most of each level in a number of different ways. What problems there are mostly stem from terrible collision detection; wonky platforming, thanks to sticky controls and a semi-fixed camera; and repetition. Missions 1-3 each introduce a new environment. In missions 4-6, you play through those exact same levels in reverse, but with more mobs (and a few new types). Mission 7 is a mix of old and new. This progression is particularly offensive when transitioning from 'Deliverance' to 'The Creator.' ""Hey, that mission you just played through? Do it again. But this time, start at the end and make your way back to the beginning. Oh, and start with no gear.""The 'soft' elements are good: character, story, atmosphere. Styx is an antihero in every sense of the word; a deluded, selfish, crude little♥♥♥♥♥♥that happens to be a junkie. Kinda fun and refreshingly different. While his profane antics are amusing to behold, the dialogue and voice acting leave a lot to be desired. Feels like everyone was trying too hard to make things sound like traditional, expected fantasy instead of just letting it have it's own identity. In the story department, you'll enjoy the tale being told... provided you can look beyond some Orc-sized plotholes. The game nails being a goblin, however. The animations are just the right mix of gritty and comic; the fact that you can hide virtually anywhere (at least for a little while); the way you scurry and slink around; how you hug the walls and corners; your travel through nooks, crannies and cubbies; how everything else is absolutely enormous; how people seem to be spooked when they catch a glimpse of you out of the corner of their eyes. That part was very, very well done. Also, clones: interesting. Grotesque. Neat.6/10; one thumb-up if you already dig games whose path to victory requires stealth rather than sheer stabbery.edit: forgot an 'a' before 'deluded, selfish, crude little sh*t'. Also, re-worded for clarity. And because the last sentence was more fun by using the term 'stabbery.'"
76561198054741318,Not Recommended,242640,32145671,Posted: 2 June,all,mikku3,"Don't you just hate dying cheaply in a game because of poor programming by the devs ? This game has it all. Sometimes you can jump a gap successfully, next time you fall and die. Sometimes you can hide in the dark right next to an enemy, the next time they can spot you from much further away. A mark on your back indicates invisibility, but not always. Although fun at times, it is too inconsistent and frustrating."
76561198012833532,Recommended,242640,25402337,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Old-school style stealth game that will not let you win easily. First few levels are normally challenging with several deaths and the more you get into game, the more you will die, like every 30 seconds mostly. You really have to play stealthy, there is no space for heroics or fair fight. YOu have to sneak behind enemies and use all your wit, there are a few magical abilities like invisibility to help, but it wont help you every time, it lasts shortly and killing all enemies is not the way either. Some are immortal, some incredibly hard to kill and fighting more than one enemy straight on will definitely lead to your death. Really challenging, plus decent story and enjoyable stealth coming from gameplay and level design."
,Recommended,242640,32519965,Posted: 17 June,all,TheGod,"You want stealth? Good, go for it. You want challenge? Good, go for it. You think AC is stealth? Don't buy this game then, because newsflash, it is not. With that said- great game, honestly. It offers great amounts of routes to take and gets progressively harder as you get Styx to actully learn stuff. He starts off dumb af."
76561198082364032,Recommended,242640,12459644,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,reed21868,The Thief game we wanted
,Recommended,242640,14780168,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,MadPaladin,"This is one of my favourite games to come out in awhile. A game is only a stealth game if you are the underdog, which is definitely the case in this game. In spite of all your tricks, it only takes a moment for many of your foes to cut you down if they discover you, and they are so much better at doing so than in many games featuring stealth. (Note, I play on the hardest difficulty mode, so engagements are quite deadly; on easy this may be an entirely different game.)This game is fun, thrilling, frustrating at times (but not in a broken way) and forces you to either think ahead or learn from your mistakes and try again. You'll probably get very used to quick-loading, but you'll still love it! (Caveat, for those with little patience, you may find that this game is not a good fit if you want to complete all the objectives.)One complaint with the game is that I'm not a huge fan of modern crude language, and prefer dark settings that use their own crafted vocabulary and descriptive phrases instead of just throwing in common English curse words for the theatric value of it. (Refer to games like Thief and Planescape: Torment for good examples of what I mean.) There's only so much depth repetition of phrases like 'f- you' add to the feel of this game and I find this choice more immersion-breaking than immersion-enhancing. If I was giving this game stars, I'd dock one as a result of this.Still, very highly recommended. We need more games in this vein."
,Recommended,242640,12685618,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Vondur,"Just finished this game. Well it was a nice and fun journey. Proper stealth game in a good setting. Good main character and nice story (and i'm usually skipping stories) which made sence and helped to get into the world of Akanash. (Though there's alot of swearing but that's cool spice for the story).Graphics felt pretty much oldskool but somewhat stylish despite using Unreal Engine.Controls are responsive and fast, no troubles when ledge jumping and hiding under the tables.Gameplay was varied and had nice twists like poisoning guard's food and water so they die, etc.Game uses its level set twice though, you go to the depths of the tower half of the game, then you get back on the same levels but with a bit different sets of guards. This has two sides: bad - you don't see  new settings half of the game. But replaying already visited levels backwards has some nice touch as you've explored them already and can play more effectively.All in all a solid stealth game for its money. Recommended.Hint: get all potions topped for the final battle, (Renaissance chapter)."
,Recommended,242640,23213118,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Hunger4Dreams,"Styx is an amazing stealth game that requires patience and cunning to play.Summary:Choose your own path in a stealthy endeavor to defeat the guards and obtain treasure for your trophy room.Each room brings a puzzle of its own as you choose how to deal with the guards. You are in trouble if you are caught but you can use powers to help you in most situations. There are some minor issues in regards to map and dropping to a ledge but the pros heavily outweigh the cons.Pros:- Choose your own path! You decide how you want to get where you have to go- You are not spoon-fed the paths. If you want to sneak around then take risks and discover the paths- Take the time to study the guards, know their paths and use to that to your advantage. Each different room seems like its own puzzle- Powers help you along but are not the main focus as they cost a lot and potions are tough to find- Hideout at the end of every level where you upgrade and refill on everything- If you get caught, you will likely die. This is good in the sense that it motivates you to not get caught but challenging to those who may be coming from an assassins creed style of play where battles are welcomeCons:- The map is a little difficult to get used to as it is just a blue print of the area with no layers for floors, just an overtop view where you only see the topmost floor and the lower floors in the gaps. Keep track of where you are or you will likely end up chasing your own tail- The vision does not seem as helpful as I thought it would be. Everything just gets lit and its too bright to discern from highlighted objects and the walls- Might be getting picky here but you cannot transfer sideways to another ledge- The drop to ledge mechanism could use some work. It does not seem guaranteed that you will catch the ledge when walking slow to the edge so it could make for some rage moments- The character seems a bit vulgar at times, swearing unnecessarily to make his point. I would say leaning towards neutral evil."
,Not Recommended,242640,12431024,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,FortrFire,"It's time for a dissenting opinion, get your downvotes ready! I wanted to like Styx, I really did. But it's so rough around so many edges that it's just a frustrating slog. I've got 4 main issues:- The controls and ledge collision detection aren't perfect. And in an assassin's creed/uncharted style system, like this game emulates - where a missed jump is often instant death, that's just unacceptable. 90% of the time, Styx will grab the ledge you want him to grab, or do the move you wanted, but 90% is just enough to be frustrating as hell. Quick save before every tough jump and maneuver, basicaly.- The lighting engine is horrible. That wouldn't be so bad, but this is a game all about hiding in shadows and there's no real way to visually determine where the shadows actually exist. Oh, the game has shadows allright, but only some of them function for stealth. The big glowing mark on your arm tells you when you're in shadow, and that is absolutely necessary, because there's no other way to tell if you're hidden. Sometimes the blackest, dustiest corner doesn't provide any stealth-mechanics shadow. Sometimes a super-lighted area will. You can find areas where there's no difference at all in the lighting, right next to eachother - but only half of it's stealth-friendly. There's no way to tell except by your glowing tattoo. I went the extra mile and tested all graphics configurations the game had to offer, see if I could force the shadows to display where they actually were, but no dice.TL;DR: Styx: master of shadows is all about using shadows for stealth, but you can't visually determine with your eyeballs where shadows actually are.- The xp reward system is entirely binary. Kill a single man, trigger a single alarm, get 99% of the collectible gold pieces in a level? Too bad, no extra skill-up grist for you. If you're looking to get those bonuses and screw up a single time-- too bad. There is no lesser tier to get, just quick load your frequent quick save or go without. Full reward or No reward. I know some people will get a kick out of the oldschool sensibility of that, but I don't seeoldschoolas synonymous forgood, and there's a reason reward mechanics like this got left in the past.- Horrible map screen. This one might sound silly, but in a way it's the most important. The levels in styx are massive are exceedingly vertically designed. Styx might have the most vertical level design I've ever seen -- and the 2d maps used are the worst possible way to convey an area from that perspective. It's nigh impossible to tell where you are via the maps, and in a game that prides itsself on non-linear massive levels, this leads to you just having no idea where you are or where to go for long stretches at a time.Styx was within sight of the 'good game' finish line but faceplanted its ugly goblin mug just short, is what I'm saying."
76561198031324041,Recommended,242640,31421203,Posted: 28 April,all,Mumm-Ra,"Superb stealth game but very unforgiving, even the slightest error and you will be eating dirt.I really liked the AI dynamic in this game, unlike other games guards would search an area, going so far as to look in cupboards, vases, under tables. In the beginning this is very frustrating as we are not used to an AI being this clever, I am sure many would agree.Staying in the shadows, dousing lanterns/torches and moving slowly to avoid detection is key.Once you have access to invisibilty the game gets alot easier but I would urge you to not use that ability as a crutch, the last areas of the game make it entirely useless..so if you don't have the skill to move around silently without it...get ready for hell.The actual story and writing wasn't that bad but its average fantasy stuff, the real appeal lies in the gameplay.Looking forward to the sequel which has far better production values ( i hope) since it has a hefty price tag."
76561198068876824,Not Recommended,242640,16049708,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,no1schmo,"I'm surprised by how...primitive this game is. It's not a BAD game, but it feels several years old already. There are a wealth of things you can't do that I've been doing in stealth games for years. The RPG aspect is extremely shallow and feels incomplete, the motivation to explore the large maps is slight, and the story is very poorly told, dumping us straight into the role of who appears to be the bad guy, brutally murdering seemingly innocent people for some reason he won't tell us (we have a goal, but not a motive).  We don't know where we are, or when, or how we got here, or what any of the terms being thrown about mean. The dialogue writing is wretched, throwing in modern profanity in a very awkward ""appeal to the cool kids"" kind of way, alot of it framed as a flashback for no real reason. The graphics are fine, but the sound is just terrible; the voice actors remind me of Fable, aka, goofy English. Their canned lines are often repeated ad nauseum, and there's no real flavor to any of it. The music is also very lousy and downright annoying, and it's rare nowdays that I feel the need to just turn off the music because it's so bad. Combat, as others have pointed out, is so terrible that you will just never do it, making some learnable skills completely pointless.But the biggest complaint, really, is just how limited it feels for a modern stealth game. I can hide in a closet, I can hide a body in a closet, but I can't reach out and pull a dude in and kill him and then walk away. Also, you can only put one body in a closet, you can't hide on top of said body, and you can't remove said body if you wanted to, say, set an ambush. I can snuff out torches to make it darker, but only one kind of torch; the other 12 types are apparently magical flame that can never be put out. When hanging from a ledge, I CAN move right and left, but I can't go around a corner, and it's very inconsistent how and when I will be seen while hanging from said ledge. I can't attack a guy from, or even hide a body in, an air-duct sized tunnel or crevice, Adam Jensen style. I can jump on a guy from above and kill him, but it's extremely loud. I can't kill two people at once. I can carry, to start, TWO throwing knives to kill SOME enemies immediately, replacing any notion of ammo conservation and skill for an automatic kill. There is no way to mark enemies and no mini-map, and your ""high-contrast"" vision has a short range, lasts only 5 seconds, and is of little practical use except to see the details of a dark area (even upgraded, it still sucks). Even controlled, muffled kills can be unpredictable, because it's random which direction the body will fall in, and no, unlike Dishonored, you can't automatically throw the guy over your shoulder, you have to let it fall first. Enemies are often hard to take out simply because the game will put several of them standing on top of each other in a tiny room, two of them not moving, which is an incredibly lazy way of making a stealth game hard, because it's not really believable or natural, it's just obviously a roadblock because screw you player. Games like Shadows of Mordor or even Far Cry 4 have better, more natural stealth mechanics, and those aren't even dedicated stealth games. An expert, I'm sure, can utterly destroy this game with ease, but for most players, cheesing will be the only way to play this game successfully, just abusing invisibility and the clone/decoy making ability, and using alot of throwing knives. That is neither skillful, nor is it mentally challenging, like a puzzle; you just stumble across area after area where your ONLY choice is to use the auto-kill button and then disappear, if you want to be stealthy.Summary; this is not a BAD game, it's not poorly made or poorly coded, but it just feels dated, constantly making you wonder why you can't do things you can in other games. I do like the vertical movement of this game, something only a few other games really do, but even that feels weird, because you sometimes can climb a thing and sometimes you can't, and you'll see climbing things in the wall that you can't actually get to, and it still just feels kind of limited. In the end, this game is hard to recommend to anyone but die-hard stealth fans, because it's just not a very fun game in general. Despite being a purely stealth game, they still botch stealth elements that other games did right years ago, while those games ALSO gave us alternative play methods. Ultimately, it's just rather boring."
,Recommended,242640,12619828,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ObiWannnabe,"Styx is not particularly innovative in its gameplay, but the fantasy setting sets it apart from other stealth games, and the levels are huge, with many possible paths and approaches. The main character is a kinda likeable a-hole antihero, and the language gets pretty crude. The environments are well designed and interesting to explore, but the controls are too often imprecise, so be prepared to use the quick load feature a LOT. If the idea of a third-person stealth game outside of a Splinter Cell or Metal Gear setting appeals to you, and you can deal with some frustrating deaths, there's plenty of fun to be had. One WTF-style question, though: why aren't there ANY female characters in the game?"
,Recommended,242640,28388451,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,AugustGamer,"I loved playing this game. It is a ""pure"" stealth-infiltration game, falling into the same category as the first 3 Thief games. There are many aspects of this game I found interesting and enjoyed: gameplay, protagonist, level design, aesthetics, lore. I'll talk about each of these carefully, to give my impressions of the pros and cons, and obviously there won't be any spoilers.The gameplay revolves around sneaking past loads of enemies using the environment and Styx's tools to your advantage. Direct combat is not a good option, as enemies are purposely far more powerful than Styx, and can kill him very quickly. Instead you can kill them sneakily and silently. One of the most innovative parts of the gameplay, is the way you can use the environment to kill your enemies. Unfasten chandilier supports, turn crates and cupboards into silent traps using your clone, poison the water container which the guards will eventually drink out of. There can be numerous options as to how you accomplish these challenges in the missions. Climbing is also an integral part of the gameplay. It is adequate, but could be better. There are some small annoyances you will encounter rarely, involving ledge detection.Styx is a unique character. He doesn't follow any reluctant hero tropes which have become common templates in today's games. He is in it for himself and only himself. Standard morals do not apply to him. I found this to be really refreshing. You don't need to worry about not killing every guard since there is no morality system. Styx does not empathise with any of the humans or creatures in the game. He is also extremely well voiced. One of the most memorable characters I have ever played in a game.The level design has a lot of diversity. The levels are generally large expansions of space, ranging from labyrinthian underground structures, to collosal buildings reaching far into the sky. Most are architechtullarly beautiful, but a small number are a bit drab. One level in particular is set in a dungeon, and I thought was seriously depressing, but that was the only one I had a real problem with. There have been many occasions in which I have perched Styx on a ledge, and just panned the camera around, taking in the awesome scenery. It's really damn impressive at times.The aesthetics are really nice. The massive buildings and airships mesh well together, making the world feel real and full. The enemies have a few different appearances, but aren't very memorable. All the humans are the same height, and have identical animations. This is a pity, as it makes the game seem older than it is.Huge respect to the developers for developing such an interesting world. Although not much lore was directly explored, it was hinted at cleverly and subtely. The beautiful aesthetics were the main tool for giving life to the world. The main problems anyone would have with this game I feel are the slightly outdated textures, lack of diverse character animations in cutscenes, occassionally poor dialogue, and the rare ledge detection issues. If you're not familiar with a pure stealth game, then be aware you might not like the gameplay. If however you are a fan of Thief, then I am confident this game will not disappoint you."
76561198027551440,Recommended,242640,32348350,Posted: 11 June,all,Grehmorie,"I find the protagonist enjoyable, it is pretty cool to play as a creature that is normally used as a punching bag in most fantasy stories. Other than that while I am not very good with stealth games I am enjoying the play mechanics very much.Using thrown sand and clones to distract guards or just to hide is very  amusing  and some of the stealth kills such as poisoning food have had me laughing every time I pull them off."
,Recommended,242640,12438104,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Tim Timsen,"8/10I'll just make a pro/con list for this one (which may change, since I've only beaten the first mission):+ A great challenge for stealth fans, even on easy mode.+ Even though it uses DX9, it looks great.+ Neat special abilities (Cloning, Invisibility, Enhanced Vision)+ Rewarding side quests and challenges -> Replayability!+ Not all missions take place in dark areas or at night.- Small inventory (you can carry only 2 of each useful item*, 3 after an upgrade)- Checkpoints. You can quicksave manually, but if you forget that, you're screwed and may have to start all over.- Garrett looks weird.* [I don't consider sand being useful, you don't have to extinguish every single torch to get through.]"
76561197987252745,Recommended,242640,16815652,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Wilde Silas,"Probably the best pure stealth game since Thief 2. Hide in the shadows, attack from the shadows if you wish, or complete missions as a ghost. The tools are unique and feel organic and natural to the environment, and the AI is smart. So many paths to complete missions I probably explored less than 30% of the maps in my first playthrough. Gorgeous settings, engaging story - I'm not sure why this game didn't cause bigger waves among stealth fans when it was released, but I'd rather give it a second and third go over any entry in the Splinter Cell or Assassin's Creed series. Dishonored is the only game that even comes close to matching this one for fun and immersion."
,Recommended,242640,21455039,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TwisTeD SenSe,"Pros:+ stealth is rewarding and satisfying+ multiple ways to get to your objective (maps have multiple routes varying in difficulty, you just have to find them)+ interesting storyCons:- map diversity (don't get me wrong, the maps are beautiful but you get bored of seeing castle walls)- cutscene animations are janky and sometimes ugly- combat mechanic is bad (this won't bother you if you prefer a stealthy assassin aproach)Sidenote:If you are looking for a game that manages to nail the stealth gameplay, consider picking this up."
,Recommended,242640,24749213,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Arch1ve,"There's a feeling in this game of really earning the title, ""Master of Shadows."" The sneaking, murdering, and climbing you do require actual skill -- there's no parkour button to automatically bounce around the nearest convenient platforms, and hiding bonuses work in shades of gray. You might usually be invisible while hiding in a trunk, but sometimes aggrivated guards will make a point of peeking under tables and into all of your handy hiding places. The lack of predictability and precision add a layer of risk that should obviously come with the task of leaping from ledge to ledge that is rarely implemented in such a satisfying way.There are just a few issues in the game worth pointing out: the game can be fickle in how it handles ledges. Some ledges can be hung from and shimmied across, and some can't, with no visual cue to discern which is which. This means that my ellusive goblin spent several missions plummeting face first down bottemless pits where I expected him to gracefully cling to the edge. Also, guards often get stuck on other guards in their patrol routes. Two guards walking towards each other might spend several moments mashing their faces together before sliding off and finally passing. Two guards in conversation might find themselves locking eyes in silence for eternity, instead of going about their patrol routes. For these reasons, I highly recommend save scumming through your first adventure, as the autosaves aren't exactly generous.All in all, this is my favorite stealth game on steam, and I would highly recommend it to fans of the genre."
,Not Recommended,242640,33464642,Posted: 11 July,all,Distracted,"TL;DR: Has potential, but utterly trash due to the enemy detection system and buggy registration for actions.This game has so so much potential with a broad range of abilities and maps for gameplay, combined with the graphics and amusing story. The first few missions are good fun, with your death mostly being your fault as you learn the game.Unfortunately, the game fails spectacularly when it comes to being able to perform actions quickly because the option to perform said actions is inconsistent with its registering, usually for the worse. The game also fails hugely in combat because of the locking camera. The main aim is obviously not to be engaged, but when this happens you may as well not bother trying to escape as the camera forces you to look in certain directions and you become unable to move as you desire.This further becomes an issue in later levels as the enemies have a broken detection viewmodel, meaning you can be spotted before their physical model is a) near you and b) actually around that f***ing wall.I will be finishing this game due to my personality as not wanting to leave things unfinished, but I highly doubt it will be enjoyable and finishing the game will most likely only bring pleasure because I won't have to play it again."
,Recommended,242640,14981982,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Moan Alisa,"Guard pee on my head, spot me, kill me and go to sleep.This game is pretty much like the life."
,Recommended,242640,29935684,Posted: 14 February,all,Snake,"A hidden gem of stealh genre, Styx: Master of Shadows has a unique gritty setting, unconventional story line and a deeply engaging protagonist. All on top of well-tuned mechanics that encourage careful playthroughs and reward taking risks"
,Recommended,242640,25446350,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,carnivorousblossom,"As a major stealth and RPG fan, I was blown away by the storyline; I thought that the mechanics of the game were fairly good as well. The only problem I had with it was ledge-jumping (which I believe is a common issue).In my opinion, the voice-acting was some of the best that I've heard in any game--better than Skyrim and Fallout, and up there with games like Dishonored, for instance. Definitely the biggest drawing point of the game is the quintessential antihero Styx. Amazing plot. Hilariously dark MC.11/10 would enter lion's den to ♥♥♥♥ a lion again"
76561198014589570,Recommended,242640,12608757,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,inkBot,"I can quite honestly warmly recommend this title.The gameplay is very enjoyable, the environments are expansive and the story is actually pretty interesting. I want to commend the choice to not give the player direct access to X-Ray style vision or minimap feature. This enhances the stealth factor and gives the player that extra added feeling of accomplishment after carefully navigating a difficult section. The player have a few ways to approach almost any given situation (note: almost).There are a few negative points to note, however. While very functional, the game isn't without flaws. Edge detection for ledge hanging can be a bit of an issue with the patch that was applied. Some graphical quirks here and there, as well as ragdolls that behave... oddly.The art direction for the game is very good. The design of enemies, locations, etc, are interesting and well done. The quality of the actual assets themselves, though, are a bit more on the rough side. There's a lot of clipping in and between models, for instance. And the texture work, while decent at gameplay distance, is less good when viewed up close (as is often done in the cutscenes).The environments are really expansive, which is good. But they are also heavily re-used. It's not really a big issue, to an extent. Which I'd say the game breaches in the latter third of the game. It's understandable to re-use the locations due to their size and the assumed limited budget, but when you're moving through the same location for the third time, you're hit hard with diminishing returns.But still, the negatives does not outweigh the positives here, in my book. If you're looking for an enojoyable fantasy stealth game, this is a good choice."
,Recommended,242640,12405118,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fly,"Good stealth game in most ways how it should be. It's not best of the best, it have some flaws, like all games from Cyanide, but it really good game and, like other games from Cyanide and Focus, I like it.Here are several points why you should consider purchasing this game:- It's not a 60$ AAA title - and it's good because of this. It give more than some AAA titles.- This game do not suck money from you wallet with DLCs - at least on release date this is the complete game without any partial content that were cut from it.- It's not a sequel to some series that reboot every 5-10 years or so to make more money.- You can disable mission objective location arrows - I wish more games will allow this.- Styx is a cutie :)"
,Recommended,242640,14119829,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Salu Digby,This goblin swears a lot I love him
76561198009692094,Recommended,242640,16751889,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sloth,"If you like stealth games and don't mind a game being a bit unpolished, then buy this game. It's fun, challenging, and has a strong sense of character. The story's interesting, the setting's open, and there's a lot of room for finding your own solution to problems. However, the most important part is how enjoyable the gameplay is. There are simply so many tools for you to use in so many creative ways that it's mind boggling. I've personally had a lot of fun with this game, even going so far as to replay it on the hardest difficulty.However, if graphics have to blow you away in order for you to enjoy a game, look elsewhere. If the idea of a few unpolished bits in a game makes you cringe, look elsewhere.This isn't a game where you can charge into a group of enemies and come out alive. You are a goblin, half the size of a human and half as strong. Enemies wreck you in open combat, which you should avoid at all costs. In this game, the only good fight is one where the enemy doesn't know you're there until they're already dead. Stealth is your main weapon. If you don't like the idea of a stealth game where the main character can't slaughter all of the enemies which cross his path (thus invalidating the need for stealth,) then look elsewhere.However, if you don't mind the above criticisms, Styx: Master of Shadows is one of the most competant stealth games on the market. It's major selling point is its gameplay, satisfyingly challenging yet fair. If you die in this game (which I've done a lot) it's because you don't fully understand the rules and limitations within the game. Thankfully, there's a quick save option which makes completing the game a lot easier, provided you're fine with trial and error."
,Recommended,242640,12934690,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Captainbubby,"If not one of the best games of the year, this game is, at least, the best bang-for-your-buck of a title in recent memory.The Gamespot review for this title is absolutely baffling and just shows what a shadow of its former self it has become. The aforementioned review cites the game's poor combat as one primary reason for its low review score. Yet, the reviewer seems to be completely ignorant of the fact that the game has deliberately made ""combat"" as cumbersome and ill-rewarding as possible for a key reason: This is a pure stealth game.This is a genre that has been dormant for several years; this is not Assasin's Creed: where stealth is an *option*, as is slicing through dozens of soldiers like it's no big deal.Here, killing silently in the shadows is the name of the game: emphasis on the word, ""killing"". Unlike recent so-called stealth titles like ""Dishonored"" that actively punish you for killing (why place such emphasis on this mechanic then?), Styx has no such qualms about wholesale stealthy slaughter.The gameworld is something to behold: A giant metrolpolis built around a mystical elven tree that stretches off to the clouds. Something of a quasi-medieval Coruscant.One unexpected thing I experienced upon playing the game is how surprisingly well written the story actually is:The story, whilst confusing at first, is actually quite well written and the twist that is delivered in the latter-half of the game, is fantastic.TLDR: The game *punishes* confrontational behaviour;' this is a pure stealth game. For enthusiasts of this once-dormant genre, you'll find it an immensely rewarding experience. The surprisingly well written story and plot-twist is a welcome surprise.l"
76561197987012777,Recommended,242640,12459258,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Morador,"A truly fantastic game! The fact that it is not on the top selling list, is criminal. Styx Master of shadows is a better stealth game than Hitman, Thief and Deus ex human revolution combined. On top of that the story is shockingly good for as limited as the game is at times. Really I am struggling to consider a recent story I enjoyed as much as this.The game is not perfect, voice acting was my main gripe. But Styx himself is voiced perfectly and really that is more than enough. There has been a lot of fuss about the graphics. But really if a triple A, got away with this two years ago.http://i.ytimg.com/vi/G0i1EdpIxbc/maxresdefault.jpgThen I see no reason why a 20 euro title, should be shamed for it now. There also seem to be a some fuss about the controls and it resulting in a lot of deaths.... I am not quite sure what to say, other than your skills leave something to be desired? I made through the entire game, without running into to much problems. So not much to say there.All in all Styx Master of shadow is a fantastic title and I pray I shall see more of his green mug in the future."
,Recommended,242640,12680027,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,sweet buns,"During playing this game sometimes i felt really strong PAIN in my♥♥♥♥♥(especially in lastest level), but i still love it. It is a stealth game that was meand to be played stealth. You literally CAN NOT just kill everyone in open fight. And this is brilliant. It makes you fill weak but dexterious and agile - just what a Goblin is.This game is really hard. You will die ALOT, but the gameplay, the story... they wii keep you playing.If you are a stealth lover, you HAVE to play it. I hope for the future developers will have more money to make animated cutscenes."
,Recommended,242640,21608773,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,♦ Rox ♦ 🚾,"I've not actually finished it yet, but I've enjoyed it all up to where I am.Pros:+ Nice graphics+ Well done voice acting+ Styx is quite funny ;]+ The level design - Allows replayability through different routes in each level and they all look very good!+ Challenging (or I might just suck :( )+ Skills - Improve take-downs in combat, stealth abilities, consumablesCons:- The controls are a little clunky. This has caused me to fall off the map a one or two times, but not too much of a big deal.- The climbing mechanics (Ties in with above) - I sometimes jump up to the wrong ledge etc.Overall:I recommend to people who like a challenging stealth game. Trying theShadowand theNo Killschallenges is perfect for stealth game lovers."
76561198229265296,Recommended,242640,26509660,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SecretGnome,"Fan of stealth? Games gettiing to easy? Or you like slamming your head against your desk? I got just the game for you! For only $32.99 this will make you find new ways to tear your hair out! And I quote ""This is the most boner killing,♥♥♥♥♥♥chopping , ball squeazing game I have ever played."" Not only will crushing defeat make you want to commit suicide, it might drive you   to the brink of sanity! Enjoy Styx Master of Shadows everyone! For the intro took me 45 minutes to complete."
76561198331238914,Recommended,242640,28404996,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,harliongrahera,One of the best stealth games I've played in a long time. Already looking forward to the sequel.
76561198003880852,Not Recommended,242640,12417187,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,[TAG]Alblaka,"So, I just finishes the campaign (on hard, with a medicore amount of insignias).Result: A game that does some things right, but a lot of things wrong.Let's start rigth away: As everyone reading this knows, Stys is a hardcore-stealth game, and a spiritual successor/competitor to Thief. Former means, that you CANNOT hack'n'slash or fight your way through the game. It's plaingly not possible, because once discovered and engaged, you can only fight a single enemy at a time (or run for it).Of course you can ASSASSINATE your way throught he game and murder every single living being. But that still requires you to be sneaky, for the most part.The graphics are acceptable, but as mentioned elsewhere most textures are a bit plain. Which didn't bother me to much. What DID bother me, however, are the terrible animations. Enemys hover about at times, I saw at least one guy standing around in a T-pose. I saw a lot of glitched kill animations (like strangling a guy 2 meters away) and a fair amount of model hickups and unsmooth animations even in cutscenes.The story is very nice and keeps you interested in the entire game. As does the atmosphere.. albeit it's occasionally broken by the constantly repeating 5 phrases each guard seems to know when doing smalltalk.The controls... Well, let's say they're back to old school. Don't expect AC style where you hold a button, rawly point in a direction and watch your character doing fancy moves. You got to aim every jump here and will fall off (and die horrible) a lot. To the degree where you will have the habit to QuickSave before every difficult jump, because even several hours into the game you will still miss some.On top of that, the controls often aren't as well-designed as they could be. F.e to hang from a ledge, you either need to fall along it and hold the jump button. Or crouch-sneak off it. Former is rarely an option, latter takes a valuable second andI had a lot of moments where I got discovered because Styx couldn't quicly drop along a ledge.Or cross a ledge-corner. Or move from a hanging fence to the ledge next to it, without first climbing onto the fence, take a step to the side and then drop down again (of course triggering guards).The cover system has the same pain and feels rather over-precise. You're in a guards direct sight, but press against a transparent glass container? No problem. But don't let go of the right mouse button for just a split second, or the guard willinstantly spot you.. because, you know, you aren't rubbing your face against the glass anymore. (And even worse if you save in such a spot... because saving does not store the covered state and just plops you next to the object.Oh, whilst we're at it, saving is... questionable. You would expect a save feature to save the world just as it is, and thenlet you load that state. Nope. Player rotation is always reset to the same direction, sometimes guards are suddenly turned about. As well, they seem to suffer from memory loss after that, restarting conversations (if you saved mid-in) or running over to the same dead body they had alraedy inspected a minute before the save.I could keep talking like this, but let's summarize:The core gameplay is nice, the atmosphere/story is very good, the controls are on the verge to annoying, Styx feels much more clunky then a master thief should be, The difficulty is so tough you are glad for the (sometimes infunctional) QuickSave and in the end you will probably get a few hours out of this.But would I recommend it? Hmmmr... Lets say it this way: This game feels like a budget game. Which, it official is. But to me, a 30€ priced title isn't a budget game. A 10€ title is budget. A 30€ title is a full-fledged game. Not a AAA title, but a  solid game.And that, Styx doesn'T fullfill in all relevant aspects. For my money, even with the -20% discount, I expected more.So, a disappointed 6.5/10 and no recommendation to get this game, unless you get it for ~15€ or less."
,Recommended,242640,33034781,Posted: 30 June,all,AndQuester,Like:-Story is intriguing enough to make you keep playing.-Control is quite good (keyboard and mouse).-Few interesting abilities (like making and controlling your clones).-You would not realize that it is a prequel to a game called 'Of Orcs and Men' (meaning it is a good stand alone game).Dislike:-Kill/spare a character doesn't matter to the story.-Initial cut scenes are in 3D animation but after that 2D static illustration.-Confusion in the 2D cut scenes which one is supposed to be your character.Buy or not:BUY (especially because now it is heavily discounted).
76561198128119528,Recommended,242640,23153369,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,esreveR,FOR ONCE stealth is the only option.when I mess up I cant just do a complete 180 and massacre my way across the entire map a la asassin's creedMakes this game a major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but also a damn good time.10/10 bes gaem :P
76561197995101339,Recommended,242640,27700595,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,haywire,"A well made stealth game, that does not let you just rampage through a level. If you like a somewhat darker fantasy world and more of an antihero as the protagonist, then this is for you."
76561198010081830,Recommended,242640,12443879,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Dalampslayer,"This game has re-kindled my faith in the 'stealth' genre. I tire of the mindless AC and Shadows of Mordor fans claiming those two are stealth games. I understand that the combat is horrible in this game, that is the point! You aren't ment to be a powerhouse, were is the challenge if you can kill groups of people because 'you' screwed up. There are a few flaws, of course with the jumping but it isn't unbearable. Styx has given me hope for the stealth genre, I hope to see developers take some notes from this game."
,Recommended,242640,23660964,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,GunmanRex,"This game is absolutely great. I have a few gripes, mainly about the jumping and different bits requiring platforming being extremely frustrating. Otherwise, this game is near perfect. I find it to be worth the 30 dollars, considering that even without replaying to unlock everything it is still a 40 hour game. I will warn you, this is a hard stealth game. If you get spotted, you will have a hard time trying to fight your way out. There is no going rambo when the jig is up, only escape and coming at the situation from a different angle."
76561197977504496,Recommended,242640,34363274,Posted: 19 August,all,Maintenance Renegade,"So two things up front, my playtime is jacked up because I did most of it offline while my internet was down so my time on record only reflects maybe a third of the real total. Secondly I only recomend this game on the condition you're a big fan of the stealth genre because if you aren't it's not only NOT going to change your mind but probably leave you disliking the genre even more.Styx: Master of Shadows is a third person stealth/platformer with a really bad combat system but some reasonably good sneaking, gadget and assassination mechanics. It's also unforgiving as hell and recycles environments way too often. Why am I recomending it then? Well I guess I just liked playing a stealth game that's not as combat centric as most modern stealth games. As much as I love say Dishonored that's not really so much a stealth game as it is a first person hack and slash with magic powers and strong stealth mechanics ontop. Styx is so much a stealh game that in most cases you may as well just pause and re-load the moment you get spotted because most of the time your♥♥♥♥♥♥is gonna get absolutely destroyed within seconds of being made.Styx himself is a mixed bag as characters go, he's an often endearing cynical potty mouthed edgelord but unfortunately about half his jokes fall flat and he's kind of the architect of his own misery. The world of this game is enough of a spin on your typical fantasy tropes to have it's own personality but it's not super memorable."
76561198034316854,Recommended,242640,26107272,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,120 BPM,"Cautiously positive.FInished the game in 15 hours on hard difficulty, I guess i can call myself stealth games veteran as I played thief and splinter cell games before.It's a purely stealth game with barely developed combat mechanics, if you want an option to fight it's still there but it's very basic and not satisfying, basically time clicks to parry a couple times, then click to kill. Other killing mechanics are what you can call stealth, it involves different types of melee dagger kills to an enemy that hasnt seen you, throwing knives and environment kills which is for the most part dropping down chandeliers.Levels are quite well designed and often times pretty big and open aswell. Some of them are ""outside"" levels that have a lot of verticality and climbing, aswell as multiple paths to the goal which is really good. Climbing and controling your character properly requires getting used to the controls, they re not terrible bad but still can make you frustrated at times, especially when you fall down and die. Another thing about level design is that you will have to manually navigate and find the correct path which isn't always obvious, this can somethimes be annoying with more extensive levels. The map is very basic and useless most of the time so you'll have to rely on your intuition. Sometimes you can get lost as the game has basically no hint system as to where you should go. However, the levels are pretty intuitive so even when you get lost it shouldn't take long to find the correct path.Graphics are kinda meh, lightning still holds up but textures aren't very good. They re not bad enough to ruin the experience which is ok.Story and characters are weaker parts of the game, they re for the most part quite basic and forgettable, especially the antagonists. Storyline is somewhat interesting, nothing mindblowing but still keeps you going for the ending. The worst part is that the main character is just dislikable, he has little charisma, constantly swears even when there is no reason to ( this is also true for all game characters, way to much unnecessary swearing ) and his motives are just shallow. There is a saving grace to him which is a storyline twist that I'm not gonna spoil.The absolutely worst flaw of the game is that in the second half most of the levels are the same you played earlier, just backwards with a few changes, for some people this might be strongly off putting.Everything else works fine, stealth mechanics which are supposed to be the main course work just fine, there is decent enemy variety that require you to adapt and use different tactics, you can upgrade your character with a simplistic, yet satisfying skill tree, missions have hidden and secondary objectives that give you extra skill points and you can always replay them for better score and bonus stuff which is great. Game is also quite difficult and not very friendly to players who haven't played stealth games before.All in all it's a decent stealth game that I can recommend only to other fans of the genre, otherwise you might be disappointed. For me it's an okay-ish 7/10"
76561197970996676,Recommended,242640,12473882,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,tenorsax,"Being a rather old gamer, I have a great respect for the Thief series. Yes Styx is a little rough around the edges, and yes the graphics are ""nice"" by today's standards....not like a Shadow of Mordor...but what I found here is an honest old school stealth game that hits home on many fronts. Levels are large...really large and the controls are very easy to master (if you like Thief). For $24 right now it's a great little game for avid stealth fans. Not easy and very unforgiving as Thief, but it makes me smile..."
,Recommended,242640,21980338,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Technope,"I have thoroughly enjoyedStyx: Master of ShadowsTL;DR SummaryStyx is an extremely enjoyable, difficult, and rewarding Stealth game that I consider one of the greatest I've ever played in the genre. It has a great story, compelling and unique gameplay, a protagonist who isnt a morally righteous busybody, and a very nice artstyle. From beginning to end this adventure held my attention firmly and kept me coming back for more. I definitely would recommend this game to anyone who wants a game like I describe.Game LengthThis game is very long and I am not kidding when I say this:Rushing: 18 HoursNormal: 20 HoursTake time: 22-26 HoursPerformancePerformance wise this game runs very well and throughout my 20 hour playthrough I've never dropped to my knowledge below 60 fps. Running an r9 390, i5 4690k, and 8 GB of ram at 1920x1080 @ Ultra Settings.GameplayStyx: MoS follows Styx, a goblin assassin with almost total amnesia beyond the ability to remember that his name is indeed Styx. Styx must navigate his way through the dangerous Tower of Akenash guarded by thousands of ruthless humans with a uniform hatred for all things greenskin. His goal is to acquire the heart of the tree that grows within the tower, the source of the ingamePhlebotinum, Amber.Styx is in my opinion a masterpiece of the stealth genre, it is a game that I have desired to play for many years. This game nails many essential elements to any great stealth game and brings more to the table. This game is not only rewarding but challenging, something missing from alot of new stealth games. You always have to be on lookout for guards, secret passages, areas to climb, ways to outmanuvere and survive your encounters. I personally recommend playing this game on the max difficulty as it really adds to the depth of this game.As Styx is a angry little goblin, surrounded by angry large humans, he needs to keep to the darkness, on the hardest difficulty even a lowly worker hammering in nails can quickly overpower Styx within seconds and smash his head in with ease. But size isnt everything, and if he gets the drop on you, the tables will quickly turn. This game is not the type of game you should play if you expect any deep sword play, there is parrying below the max difficulty, however it is not anything like Assassin's Creed or the newer Splinter Cell games where you can rely on your combat skills to get yourself out of a situation. If you're caught, you have to run and hide or else you will die simply.The game has an RPG element to it in that Styx' skills can be upgraded to acquire new techniques that can then be used in the field. From basic things like silent landings, the ability to carry more throwing knives, to things like planting trap's with Styx's imperfect clone, or dive onto enemies from above for aerial kills. Styx has a variety of capabilities in his arsenal. With amber he can create a imperfect clone of himself, see in the dark, and turn invisible for a short while. He can throw daggers, whistle, and of course stab his enemies in a large variety of ways and whistle to collect people's attention.There is also a parkour element which is easy to learn but difficult to master, however when you have figured it out Styx becomes a acrobatic wunderkind and can soar down 50 foot chasms onto ledges at your whimsy without taking a scratch. Enemies slowly become more difficult as you go along and the game allows you to proceed with a Non Lethal route if you so desire. It rewards you with skill points after each mission depending on how well you did and grades you on things such as how much were spotted, bodies were discovered, etc. I wouldn't worry about this though if this can get to you. It is much more enjoyable for a first playthrough to just play the way you think Styx would.GraphicsStyx' graphics are pretty good in my opinion, landscapes can be very visually appealing although I feel the game does not have enough anti aliasing for some reason. Styx' character model is very nice looking and the enemy designs are also quite appealing.PlotI primarily play games for the story, this is mostly a curse as I cannot enjoy games lacking in a decent narrative. Styx I felt delivered on it's plot and delivers a satisfying beginning middle and end. Very similar to a Coming of Age story is how I would describe it. Cutscenes are beautifully drawn and the voice acting is quite good as well, although some human NPC voices can feel a bit overused.If you liked ___ then you should like StyxDishonored: Styx is very very similar to dishonored in many ways. It has a very similar almost steampunk universe, magical powers at the protagonist's disposal, and both have very similar stories. Styx is basically like Dishonored with 3rd Person and more focus on Stealth.Assassin's Creed: Parkour elements like Assassin's Creed, larger focus on assassinating in Styx, and no distracting future plot.OverallI recommend this game if you're a fan of Stealth, this game is amazing and I am glad to hear it is getting a sequel in 2016.Gameplay 10/10Story 9/10Graphics 8/10Performance 10/10Personal Score:10/10"
76561198193920285,Recommended,242640,22786332,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,tallgoblin,"Its like they took the idea for this game right out of my mind. I love it, Challengeing to play, but the story keeps you in it. Gotta love playing as a goblin too. Need to see more of that."
,Recommended,242640,23051587,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,davidmoralesmojica,"I was attracted by this game because I enjoy this kind of stealth games. It has a good story and an interesting character. Controls are a little weird at first, but you get used to it as you play more.The thing I liked most is that there are so many enemies to defeat or avoid, together with accomplishing the different missions makes the game fun to play. On the other side, I didn't like the game re-using repeatedly all scenarios for different primary missions.The end battle is a little frustrating, especially if you're short on amber or knives. Keep that in mind!"
76561198012626337,Recommended,242640,31780215,Posted: 15 May,all,Hellios Rayearth,"Rating(s):Visuals & Graphics:6/10Just like Of Orcs and Men, it’s not really the actual graphics, but the visual themes used that doesn’t really sit well with it. I know it’s ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of me to say given that this is a stealth game and majority of the plot takes place underground/dungeons so it’s expected to have a very dim mood all throughout, but I really do wish they gave some variety. It’s painful to play a 25-40 hour completion game looking at the same environment.Music and Sound:10/10One of the best I have heard in awhile. The only way I was able to marathon through this game was put the OST on youtube and had my favorite battle themes on repeat. It get’s your blood going. Amazing work. The orchestral parts were done well. Being a cello player myself, the score used in the tracks were amazing. I’m actually trying to blind-play it at the moment. Wish I can get hold of the official score.Plot/Story:9/10Styx is a great character, as a narrator and as a character. He made the plot of “Of Orcs and Men” colorful, he did the same here. Nice twists in the story, I really enjoyed how it all came together and how Styx’s character in Of Orcs and Men was detailed better in this timeline.Gameplay and Mechanics:10/10+ The stealth mechanics are fairly strong and a lot of variety to dispatch enemies in in discreet fashion.+ There is an incentive to clear stages without detection+ There is an incentive to clear stages with killing anything other than the mandatory target.+ A true stealth game with no free “get out of jail” cards, most stealth games some action elements in it making it possible to go “Sparta” mode if your cover gets blown. Not for Styx… You get seen, you die, especially true for higher difficulties.Conclusion:Underrated in my opinion. The series has a lot to offer and is a very good stealth game."
,Recommended,242640,18977728,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Yahtz,"PropertyCommentScoreStealth100% Stealth oriented game95/100GameplaySmooth, straight to the point, puzzle gameplay.minor/funny bugs95/100StoryGood story, respects the content86/100GraphicsA bit oldish for 2014 but it doesn't mean it's not nice!90/100ReplayabilityCustom made for replayability. 3 times at least.89/100PriceI got Styx:MoS for 10 caps and it's totally worth 15 at least85/100OVERALLIf you are a shadow, buy Styx when on sales90/100"
76561198031973707,Recommended,242640,12609860,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Eleazaros,"An excellent stealth game with a lot of options on how you progress through each map.Graphics wise it's OK.  Detail on Styx is nice but the scenery is a bit weak in many places but the play is very well done and a lot of how you progress is up to your immagination.Whistle and guards can come to that area and will hunt for a bit - so you slip past.Use a clone, send it running through an area to get attention - then slip through as they all chase it.You're small so you aren't a dueling master but you are tough so if you get the jump on them, you will take them out.I've dropped crates and chandeliers on guards or workers or simply to make a lot of noise in an area so they will run over and look at it.It's a lot of fun deciding how you wish to go through the maze and there is on ""right"" path - just 1 of many."
,Recommended,242640,16613271,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cheesesteak,"A very solid stealth game. Plays like if Thief and Dishonored had a baby that was then babysat by uncle Hitman and auntie Assassin's Creed.This is a somewhat traditional stealth game that mostly borrows from Thief; light, sound, and shadow are a huge deal here. Also like Thief, the player gets certain gadgets, such as sand spit balls which are able to extinguish torches. Unlike Thief, however, darkness won't perfectly conceal the player. Up close, guards will see you.Like Dishonored, the game features RPG elements in the form of upgradeable magic skills and abilities. These are different from how Dishonored approached them and, in my opinion, is much better. Players are able to clone themselves, utilize ""amber vision,"" (think Assassin Creed's eagle vision,) and temporarily become invisible. This uses a resource called amber, which can be regenerated up to a certain amount and can also be found in bottles in the environment (also like Dishonored.)Styx, the main character himself, is also very agile. He can scale the vertical environments with ease, not unlike Assassin's Creed. This is a very useful ability as the levels are massive with tons of verticality. Levels are vast and non-linear, and are crammed with secrets such as environmental ""accident"" kills, just like Hitman. I'm having a blast exploring the sprawling dark steampunk-fantasy world, which seems inspired by, you guessed it, Thief and Dishonored. Additional challenges such as remaining undetected, killing nobody, and speedrunning levels allow for even the most advanced stealth players to find just a bit more challenge and replayability.The game is not without problems, though. It can be difficult to drop down from ledges with precision, though this can be mitigated with careful planning and judicious use of saves. Combat is clunky, boiling down to being a quick-time event where players must parry enemy blows in succession, but it works for a stealth game where the player isn't meant to be an expert fighter.These comparisons to so many great stealth games may make it sound like this game is something of a ripoff, but it uses these elements almost flawlessly to make a much better experience than the sum of its parts. This is a game that out-dishonors Dishonored, and out-thieves Thief (at least, Thief 4.) A must-have for any stealth fan."
76561198014740139,Recommended,242640,25577887,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Commissar Fuklaw,"I was really happy to find this game on steam because I do feel that with exception of the Thief series there are very few fantasy stealth oriented games, something I think really needs doing more (sure allot of RPG's will have a stealth option but I often find them dull or easy to exploit).In Styx stealth really is your best option because open combat is deliberately fiddly, with you locked in a slow, clumsy fight with a single enemy requiring precision button presses while likely being cut down by everyone else who heard you. Thankfully stealth in this game works pretty well with plenty of alternate routes that take advantage of the verticality of the setting, allowing for a nice mix of slow methodical sneaking and swift acrobatics, and complemented by a nice array of spells and tools that can make for some great moments where you can slip out of normally hopeless situations.Story-wise its also pretty good, while the initial concept of Goblin thief going into steal something seems rather dull the lore of the world around it all its pretty interesting, with some nicely funny guard dialogue at times, and in fact there is a rather wonderful twist near the end which really gives Styx allot more character and made me grin for its cleverness, nicely explaining a few lingering niggles I had about the plot as a whole.(On a side note it seems that this game has something of a sequel in “Of Orcs and Men” Which is also on steam, at least I think it is since the world looks similar and the goblin in the trailer is referred to as Rakash, which seems to be Styx's surname, and looks and sounds like him, Gonna need to buy it and find out when I have the money)"
76561198053202351,Recommended,242640,12634459,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,El Fantastico,"I have a couple hundred games at least and i would guess that only around 20% have been worth the price to buy.I really enjoy playing this game. The graphics and audio are more than adequate and reloading after a death doesn't take 5 minutes of waiting. Gameplay is smooth, cerebral and captivating. As a player who likes to find every nook and cranny their is a equitable payoff for the time spent. It's original too which is a breath of fresh air considering all the titles that feel like clones of each other.Lot's of fun. Highly reccomend."
76561197996666277,Recommended,242640,12865603,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Imma-Bella,"Fabulous graphics, superb voice acting, entertaining script, great music score, good story. Pure stealth in that it makes you take your time, observe your surroundings, look for the many alternative startegies. This will definitely keep me going between my recently completed Thief and much awaited Dishonored 2. My only complaints are poor maps and doesn't show you where you are on the map either."
76561198142209614,Recommended,242640,31143538,Posted: 14 April,all,niksa.baldun,"This is a very good game, after you get used to it. An advice for new players: on your first playthrough, kill everything in sight. After you've killed everybody, you can freely explore the level and collect tokens to get thief insignia. After you've familiarized yourself with the level, you can easily collect shadow, mercy and swiftness insignia on your second playthrough."
76561197983412898,Recommended,242640,12578891,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,MagId (High Tinkerer),"This stealth-based game has some solid and interesting platforming elements, the levels often have almost as much usable vertical space as horizontal.  The levels are very large, offering many ways to get across them and accomplish the mission objective.  It includes the typical no-kill in game bonuses (though they aren't relevant to the plot), but the game actually provides stituations where killing very often makes things harder, which was incredibly refreshing.  Overall the stealth and platforming elements of the game are good, the level design is exciting and flexible (you revisit most levels), but all is not good news.  The combat system, what there is of it, is not only slanted against you, which is to be expected, but is also pretty crude, which makes some of the perk options you get a little odd.  Actually engaging in battle is a terrible idea, and will usually lead to your death.The plotline, voice acting, and cutscene artistic choices were all very solid, providing enough mystery to keep the player going, and ensuring what the player discovers is interesting enough to be worth pursuing.  The lip-syncing is pretty bad, but who cares about that?If you enjoy stealth games at all, check this game out."
,Recommended,242640,29913244,Posted: 13 February,all,HunterXCooL,The master of stealth game... Unlike assassin creed or similar games... this is a pure based stealth game...meaning u don't engage enemy in fight like ever... u won't win in a 5 v 1 fight or maybe less... unlike some stealth games when u can actually fight and win against 10 or maybe a lot of enemy when u get discoveredAside from a bit of glitches right here and there...This is for them who like stealth based game
,Recommended,242640,12633976,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Moffa,"The thing that makes this a great stealth game is its level design. There are plenty of routes to try out in every map. The game rewards you for being unseen and for not killing enemies. The controls are good and climbing actually requires a little bit of skill unlike Assassin's Creed or Middle Earth, which is not a bad thing in my opinion. The enemies can see and hear you in the way you would expect from a stealth game. You also gain skill points for completing missions and other optional tasks which you can spend to upgrade your character.The things that are not so great in this game are the animation quality and the combat mechanics. This however is not enough reason not to buy the game. If you want good combat mechanics and be able to fight your way through, then this is not the game for you.I recommend this game to any fan of the stealth genre."
,Recommended,242640,12629644,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Mefix,"On hardest difficulty, ghosting this one becomes a real challenge stealth junkies have been waiting for years. Compared to the recent Thief game, which was a walk in the park, Styx, is a true stealth experience. As with all beginnings of a new franchise, we will probably see the proper execution on a grander scale in its second installment."
,Recommended,242640,12589963,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Origo,"In Styx you're playing as goblin, little and vicious as you can expect from a gobelin.You have some power due to the ""amber"" that give you some capacity ala dishonored.This is a Stealth game that has learnt from the best : Thief, Dishonored, Hitman ect ... and they took the best of each and put it in Styx : MoS.It works really well and the game doesn't feel like a rip-off off the game i quoted earlier, it has his own story and his own vibes that make it unique.The story is great and has some plot twist you won't expect until you've seen them.Some problems now : the game is quite repetitive for the first half of the game (kill someone / find something ect ...) and then everything change and you have the story to follow + some collectibles to boost your pc (thing that help you customize your styx with a little RPG part for you Inventory / steath kill ect ...) BUT the game will drive you to ... the same environnement you visited earlier...Well, this game cost 20€ for 20H ~~ (max difficulty) and even with those problems, (i wasn't really bothered by visiting the same environnement twice) It's really a great game and a real stealth game !"
,Recommended,242640,13131820,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Leezeebub,"Really good stealth game. Like Thief but in 3rd person and a more fantasy setting.Massive, varied lavels with excellent design. A dark but fun story and characters to keep you interested. Loads of optional objectives will keep you coming back to chase perfection.Hugely underrated game. Its not perfect but easily meets the AAA standard. If you like true stealth games, you will enjoy this too."
,Recommended,242640,13290324,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mandalore,Pros:-good story-good gameplay-good MC-lots of different ways to achieve each objective-fun abilities-many different ways to dispose of people/monstersCons:-ROABIES8.5/10
76561198030629945,Recommended,242640,14996555,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cicerone,"Stylistic StealthyStyxTop pick for the best stealth game of all time (up against NOLF, Siphon Filter, Dishonored, Metal Gears, etc.). No, it's not perfect, but there's enough ingenuity in the game's arsenal of stealth tricks, and the storyline's creative and compelling enough, and the challenge is aggressive enough, and the sound (fx and score) is just perfect enough to...wait, what I was driving at?Nevermind, just buy the freakin' game. ☺"
,Recommended,242640,13922329,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,fenlander,"Loved Styx in the game Of Orcs and Men and had hoped they would take the IP further and here it is. Love the game but it is a hardcore stealth game, if you want fast pace action combat like Assassins Creed then this game is not what you are looking for.Brings back memories of playing Tenchu on the PS1 and the old Thief games.Fantastic game, great character protagonist, and brilliant setting."
,Recommended,242640,22683296,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Wafflejaw,"Styx: Master of Shadows is a fantasy stealth game that has you go through various maps as the plot progresses. You'll be given different tasks and challenges, typically with the formula of primary objectives, secondary objectives, and various collectables. You have multiple paths to choose from, as well as an array of abilities in case you get yourself into a sticky situation. Combat is intentionally difficult and one-sided to make you want to avoid conflict and rely on stealth, which is not a bad thing in the slightest.Before I really delve into the best parts of this game, I want to focus on some of its flaws. This is for two reasons:1. The flaws this game does have are VERY obvious and noticeable, so I feel like they're definitely worth mentioning first.2. I enjoy this game immensely, and honestly it wouldn't be doing it justice if I didn't end the review on a positive note.When you play Styx, it becomes apparent that the developers didn't have a huge budget to work with. This is no triple A platinum title. This game has its fair share of glitches, poor controls, and clunky AI.-I've had several instances where I quicksaved when I was safe, reloaded the quicksave, and then got caught immediately by an enemy that didn't even know I existed beforehand. Be careful where you save.-Climbing up things is a breeze. Climbing down them is another story. One thing that frustrates me to no end is when I try and drop off a ledge to grab the one below, and Styx will just grab the first ledge and climb back up it. This is especially infuriating when you're trying not to get spotted by an enemy coming around the corner.-The AI is muy estúpido. They have no concept of each others placement. They usually walk in the same looped path, be it around a room, up and down strairs, or from table to table, etc. When you alert them they may stop and look, or even go towards the noise to investigate. During and after this sequence is when you get to enjoy watching them bump into each other. They'll sometimes walk in place towards each other until one of them somehow gets around the other.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=514439404-Some of the subtitles need to be proof read. I get the feeling English wasn't the developers first language.Now that that's done, I can focus on the things this game does well.-The plot. My god, the plot. The story is surprisingly captivating, intriguing, and well thought out. I won't spoil anything for you, just know that the devs are some creative ♥♥♥♥ers and I admire their story telling ability greatly.-The stealth portions. Despite what I may have said about the whole climbing down issue, the stealth itself is very well done. I'm sure there are better stealth games out there, but this games sneak mechanics feel nice and balanced to me. I never feel like my ability to sneak is overpowered, nor underpowered. What I'm trying to say is the game itself feels very fair to the player.-The artwork is lovely. Some cutscenes are done with drawn stills of what is happening with dialogue dubbed over, rather than animated 3D characters like some other cutscenes. I'm sure this would be a complaint for some people, but I really enjoyed it. The art is really well done and it really sets some scenes apart from the others.-I really love the way the game rewards the player. Essentially you receive skill points when you do primary and secondary objectives, as well as gathering collectables. However, the icing on the cake for me was the insignias. You will also receive skill points for the following:1. Not being spotted during a mission.2. No kills during a mission.3. How fast you managed to complete a mission.4. Collecting all the treasures. (Collectables, as already mentioned.)This effectively allows the player to be rewarded and congratulated for things like ghosting or speedrunning, and for me it also allows for more replayability.In summary, this is not a perfect game. It's riddled with flaws and I understand why people wouldn't care for it, but for me it was fun as hell. I loved playing it and it's admittedly become a personal favourite of mine. I can't recommend it enough, and I implore you to at least give it a shot. It's a real gem and I'm stoked for the upcoming sequel.PS, ♥♥♥♥ the elves."
76561198008254942,Recommended,242640,13977181,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Orokin Drystann,"A lovely game. Slow paced and stealth focused the character of Styx is a well voice acted and designed character, gritty and real and struggling through a hell he only half chose to embark on. Most complaints on the game are the lower-level grathics, but please be aware this isn't a triple A game production and it's price shows this.For what the game is, the story. The twists and suprise turns. The Voice-Acting the Music and Level Design. I would most likely rate it one of the -the- most overlooked games of 2014.You should get it. Try it, Enter with a open mind and remember it's a stealth game. Not a Assassins-Creed game. Your a goblin. Your not as large or tough as the two or three times the size of you armed humans stalking about. Move quickly. Move Carefully, Choose your position.. And when your ready. Show them why Styx is the master of shadows."
76561198006541362,Recommended,242640,18096585,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,stranger1982,"As the titular Styx you'll be facing several missions to find out why your memory is so jumbled and how to stop your ability to seemingly hear what most people are thinking, a thing that is driving you mad: while every area is full of enemies you'll count on your skills in stealth and assassination to even the odds.Master of Shadows is a bit of a mixed bag with its good stealth action inside huge levels paired with clunky jumping/platforming, forgettable graphics and atrocious open combat: it's still quite fun if you can forgive its shortcomings.PROS:-Styx is an interesting character, a true antihero stopping at nothing to reach his goals: he also has a nasty sense of humour-the character models are pretty detailed-Styx's voice actor does a very good job-the levels are huge with several floors, shortcuts and small places only you can fit in, this promotes exploration and gives you many choices when planning your route to the objective-good amount of enemy variety-the actual stealth mechanics are pretty good and less forgiving than other games, shadows only partially hide you rather than making you invisible and a muffled kill can still be heard if someone is near your location: the expansive levels really add lots of ways to stealth your way through like using small tunnels, hiding under tables, jumping on high ledges etc-you'll be able to unlock several skills and upgrades, the clone ability is the best of the lot letting you manipulate things, poison food or create a distraction without putting yourself in harm's way-quite long at 15+ hoursCONS:-graphics are weak overall, they look muddy and aren't very detailed-jumping and hanging on ledges feel very awkward: jumps lack some precision while hanging on ledges require you to walk slowly towards their border but doesn't always work. This can get frustrating in certain areas and/ or ruin your stealth thus forcing you to quickload and try again-open combat is bad as you're locked in a quicktime event where you have to parry X amount of times before you can deliver a killing blow, if more enemies are present you'll still take hits while fighting one of them. You're basically better off just reloading the save-enemy AI is hit or miss, they'll sometimes notice you right away or hear you dropping on the floor even from a decent distance but other times they'll just get stuck on a wall or not respond properly to your actions-areas are recycled in later levels, despite the different enemies and patrol routes this repetitiveness gets dull-the overall plot is a bit too murky to be interesting and suffers from pacing problems-last boss encounter is honestly ""meh"" at besthttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=520136655Styx: Master of Shadows looks dated while you play it and some of its design choices fell old aswell ( like having to unlock kills from corners, from above etc): there's no denying that the game offers an enjoyable and challenging stealth experience though. As a goblin your combat prowess is questionable at best, but your small size, agility and bag of tricks will let you move unseen while leaving a long trail of bodies if you're so inclined. It's also refreshing to see that, being an antihero, Styx has no problems with killing enemies that'd be classed as civilians in other games: unless a mission restricts you in some way you're free to do as you wish. The huge levels are also nicely designed and you'll always have several routes to your objectives, some more risky than others.I got Styx for 8$ on sale and, for the price, it offered an enjoyable and lengthy experience despite its noticeable flaws and perhaps being a bit too long. Would I recommend it? It really depends on how much you like stealth and how patient you'll be with its blemishes: if you're ok with avoiding combat, having to resort to quicksave/ quickload to make sure clunky controls don't get in your way and the fact the later levels can get somewhat dull then go for it when it's on sale to enjoy its proper stealth and challenging missions."
,Recommended,242640,12743733,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kamstkurf,"Interesting story and characters, above average map designs and decent skilltree. If you enjoy stealthgames this is one of the best I've played. Just keep in mind the fighting system is awfull so stay hidden throughout the whole game and save often."
,Recommended,242640,13934786,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Puritan,"PLOT- The plot is detailed, orignal and reinforced by small chance dialogue placed throughout the levels. However the overall effect doesn't engage the player as much as it should. It does have a unique story and world. 7/10STEALTH- The stealth mechanics for the most part are things we've seen before. The AI rarely looks up or sees anything in the slightest darkness. However the cloning mechanic is fun and fairly unique and everything to do with the stealth plays very solidly. Sound is used in the same way we've seen in the past however, I'd say these enemies are more sensative to sound than most seen in other stealth games. 9/10COMBAT- This could almost be considered a part of stealth. The game punishes any combat with a horribly clunky mini-game that I cannot imagine anyone finding fun at all. In a stealth game this is the type of thing I love. However if you are looking to fight and kill the enemies in this game you will hate it. 8/10ACHIEVEMENTS- The achievements in this game were completely reasonable and not very grindy. The problem comes in 2 forms. First, the AI on the enemies is slightly broken and they can accidentily push each other off ledges. This leads to a kill on a kill free run often enough that I had to redo a few missions multiple times because of it. Second, two of the achievments cannot be earned on a save that is set to the hardest difficulty. On the most difficult setting the game doesn't allow the combat minigame and if you are ever directly engaged by the enemy you just die. However two achievements require you to kill enemies using the direct combat. After completeing all achievements on the hardest mode I was forced to start a new save and play on a lower setting in order to complete the last two. Mission replay is available after completion with very clear guages telling you if you have killed, set off an alarm, how long you are taking, and how many hidden coins you've collected. I found this a rare and valuable addition to the game. 7.5/10OVERALL- If you love stealth games, this is something you should play. It has everything that makes the stealth genre good with very few of the more recent additions that detract from the stealth ambience. The reuse of maps was a bit lazy and the errors I've described in AI galled me a bit. I would hope to see more unique maps and smarter AI in a sequel. That said I give it 8/10."
,Recommended,242640,26182286,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Chiefy,"This was brilliant, a real diamond in the rough for me.. You didn't see a great deal about it but always being a huge fan of the stealth series of games going way back to when Tenchu came out on the playstation, all through metal gear and splinter cell games I was so pleasantly surprised by this.I completed it so long ago but I just remembered I hadn't done a review, I was so happy that I got this game and how it turned out, I never really had any expectations at the time and potentially this is the reason why I was so pleased with it. Game was very well presented, was well optimised and the stealth element is constantly there. Hats off :)If you are a fan of stealth series of games, you should definitely try this"
76561197979928405,Recommended,242640,30003071,Posted: 18 February,all,JINAK,"So if you played Orcs and Men then you are familar with the character of Styx. This is a chance to control styx and use his stealth. The story is good and adds to the game.I like the attempt to make this in a similar vein as the Thief series but sadly the controls and mechanics left MUCH to be desired. (Like how about they just work instead of causing it to make the game 10x harder!!)  You will curse the fact that while you have killed all of the light sources in an area and are hidden in a corner, some over weight guard in full plate (really?!? Full stinking plate and performing patrol?)  is able to see you across the room through his slitted visor! These must be uber mech guards because its just crazy that they are able to see and hear anything. (maybe put them in chain coifs instead?  just saying)Or the crazy field of view some guards seem to have when they spot you across a wide open area while your 50' above their heads. Oh and did i mention that they are wearing Helmets with a slitted visor?Or how about when you aquire a skill to attack from below (while hanging on a ledge) and yet it never works?  I could go on and on about the mechanics but let me leave it at this.. they need serious reworking.  Yes the game is supposed to force you to be stealthy and while I would love to sneak through everything there are several points were you need to kill someone and its just sad that a supposed skilled assassin has such crappy game mechanics to cause him to fail.Don't fret though, I can say that after you die many MANY MANY times you will eventually reach the end. (Yes I eventually was able to get to the end and this was with the game on easy!)If you are paying more than $20 for this game you've been robbed. (and Styx is laughing at you)All in all I can recommend this game and even though its frustrating at far to many points it is fun."
76561198044291784,Recommended,242640,14831242,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Foxareno,probably one of the biggest stealth games ive ever played. the maps ae huge offering lots of different ways to get around. tho not much replayability unless your trying to do everything perfect. but damn so far i love this game. the sneaking mechanics are spot on. the only thing i dont like are the ledge mechanics. it just feels like your guy jumps kinda weird. like he seems way to light. youll understand if you buy this and try jumping onto ledges. but other than that i gotta say this is one of my favorite stealth games so far. its like a cross between dishonored and thief
,Recommended,242640,14079495,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Nworb,"It's a little repetitive, re-uses some levels (although with different challenges), the dialogue and voice acting is a little off, yet despite those criticisms, Styx: Master of Shadows was an enjoyable game.The story perhaps is what I found most surprising. There are a few small twists that really turn the narrative into an interesting experience, which was unexpected for this fairly unassuming game world.Better than the recent Thief reboot, although perhaps not as polished as Dishonoured - although at least the main protagonist actually speaks.  I'd recommend Styx to anyone looking for an engaging stealth game, with some new and original ideas in both game play and story."
,Recommended,242640,20496624,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,luhrayuh,"A fantastic stealth game with interesting powers and enemies, large levels with lots of different paths, and a unique story.I absolutely loved playing this game, and will undoubtedly play it again. I haven't found a stealth game I have enjoyed this much since Thief 1 and 2.This game definitely is a true stealth game that can require lots of patience;you are rewarded for not killing anyone, not raising alarms, finishing a mission quickly, and stealing all coins. Combat is difficult to survive if caught by multiple enemies, but there are still plenty of ways to kill without getting into combat. And there are plenty of ways to get around guards without killing them.You replay some maps as you progress through the game, however I did not find this disappointing because the maps are very large to begin with and many of the destinations change when going through again. These levels also obviously include more guards and are more difficult to progress through.There are some mechanical issues, having to do with hanging onto walls, that I found frustrating at times, but I didn't encounter any terrible problems. I played this game with a keyboard and mouse.All in all this is a great stealth game!"
,Recommended,242640,20388306,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,CrackerMan,"Effin great. Up there with the likes of Chaos Theory, Theif and dishonoured for me. Suprise gem from an unknown dev. Well worth the praise its getting in the steam reviews.The stealth mechanics checklist is well covered with suprisingly clever AI that follow object noise, last positions, searching hiding places, varying patrol patterns and degrees of alerts.You can hide in the shadows although not to the point blank invisible degree of Splinter Cell or Thief. There are many different ways to kill, some can be considered as accidents IE Hitman style (which won't count as kills on the statistics). Its mostly about enticing guards with noises and clones and getting the upper hand by traversing the complex terrain.The main unique mechanic is the ability to make clones which closely mimic your abilities but can do things like crawl through certain gates and more importantly are completely expendable. Just remember to cancel them for complete return of their costs.Early on you won't really need to use your abilites. Keen observations, layout knowledge and a couple of key stealth kills will easily get you through most challenges. However towards the second half of the game you will find yourself relying way more on your clones or even just your own cunning ability to manipulate guards.The levels are massive and complex with widely varying paths through them. Although you do revisit some locations (albeit with some additions to the layouts and of course way higher guard count) which did sour my opinion of an otherwise phenominal game.I recommend playing it on hard and not to be afraid to kill lots of guards on your first playthrough because the animations for each of the different kills are worth seeing. Going for all the coins in each level with 0 alerts and completing all secondary objectives for a lengthy 20-25 hour first playthrough. (Remember that clones causing alerts or clones doing anything for that matter will not count towards any statistics except kills (unless accidental like cranes/poison/etc)"
,Recommended,242640,30038070,Posted: 19 February,all,ShovelKnight49,"I love this game. I bought it again on PS4 and I'm thoroughly enjoying it once again. Surprisingly I find it much easier to control on console, but the classic stealth gameplay is still there. Styx MOS has such a richly crafted universe, and every level feels so expansive and just begs to be explored. As a character, Styx is dark,  uncouth and very much the lovable anti-hero. He's not Garrett, and that's even better- a brand new stealth game with a new personality in its own right is a treat for every sneak 'em up fan. We need more games like this, which is why I'm so pumped for Shards of Darkness."
76561198105737428,Recommended,242640,16017377,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,McValco,One of the best stealth games i have ever played!!Very good storyline!! Just buy it !!!
76561198020506980,Recommended,242640,26487479,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,"Great stealth game, nice universe and story, good mechanics. Can be very challenging if you want the ""perfect"" run."
,Recommended,242640,24231096,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,✪ Tommy,"Man, this is my 1st stealth game ever, glad i picked up this game during steam summer sale 2016, worth ever penny!Enjoying the gampelay, the graphic and sound.Totally recommend to buy this game!SCORE 10/10"
76561197976759994,Recommended,242640,32967684,Posted: 28 June,all,nanohead2001,"I understand the mixed reviews for this game.  There are parts that are really interesting and enjoyable.  But as it progresses, it gets oddly more difficult (which most gamers are used to), but without adding any resources.While I love stealth games, and the first 2/3rds of this is pretty good, toward the end, the sheer amount of reloading, combined with a complete lack of basic resources is exhausting.As other have stated,  not getting killed is nearly impossible, while in certain situations, it shouldn't be.  There are parts where you simply die 50 times, because you're out of weapons, potions, etc, but there are 20 enemies, several are indestructible, and you have zero.  While we've all played many games just like that, this game is punishing, more so than even dark souls in many cases."
76561198021110857,Recommended,242640,13503352,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Netheil,"Great game, good story, nice sneaking system.Styx is basically a Thief-like sneaky-steally-stabby kind of game, you being an unscrupulous goblin with pointy dagger and sticky hands. And this game does this sneaky-stabby part really good - I had really lots of fun while either crouching under the table until the guard went away so I could steal the shiny token unnoticed, or dropping the chandelier onto his head so I could steal the shiny token unnoticed.One pointer though - game allows for free saving-loading in the middle, when I discovered this I immediately restarted on the hardest difficulty - which even then was not that hard but enforced nicer, more sneaky walkthrough. I advise everyone to do the same.Story itself was great - with very nice twist in the middle and nice uncertainty almost to the end. Before playing this game I played Of Orcs And Men to which this game is a prequel (OOAM being released two years before Styx). And though both of those are really good games, OOAM didn't leave this fuzzy warm feeling of accomplishment in me that Styx did.About A/V - graphics were great, Audio... not so much.Overall I give it an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,242640,14986263,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,✪ troy,Yes. I Think it's one of the best stealth strategic game ever. The gameplay is awesome and same the story.
76561197982807418,Recommended,242640,23111792,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Joe Gracey,"If you're a fan of stealth games, this is a must play."
,Recommended,242640,12577714,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Josh,"Styx is a really fun game, but it's also really frustrating. If you're looking for a spot on review, I'd recommend you check out GameSpot's review, as I feel exactly the same as they do. The AI system is loaded with bugs (which can be really annoying at times), jumping to and grabbing ledges is often more difficult than it should be, and the fighting system is horrible. You're locked into fighting one guard, having to perry their blows by pressing a button at just the right moment, and while you're doing this, the other guards around you are attacking you, often from a distance with throwing knives, and there's nothing you can do to stop them, making being detected almost always an immediate 'load previous game' moment. This can be avoided by simply pressing the quick save button literally every 5 minutes, or as soon as you do someting that you're not sure you'd be able to do again, whichever comes first. But despite all it's bugs, the fact that the plot is really hard to follow (and the cut scenes are voiced over watercolor paintings, rather than 3D animations) and the fact that I (one who is terrible at video games, but loves them anyway) beat the game in under two weeks (35 hours of play), I still thoroughly enjoyed playing."
,Recommended,242640,13061562,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dr.ProfessorSir,"Styx: Master of Shadows is a marvel of thought-out gameplay and top-of-the-line story telling. While not full of the ususal epic, over-the-top, moments of heroism, ala COD and AC, the game delivers on solid stealth movement and an epic, although slow, story. I would highly recommend playing with headphones as the sound quality and subtelty of the background music is superb. The difficulty does ramp up significantly for the final two levels, but the game is a good, fair, challange up until it's climax.For people who can't read:   9/10"
,Recommended,242640,12510709,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,?JIMMY?,"I feel like this game came out of nowhere. After hearing a lot of positive buzz about it and being a stealthfan I decided to blindly chip in, plus greenskins are the♥♥♥♥♥♥The game tries to be a classic 3D stealther the likes of old Splinter Cells and the first Thief and it succeeds for the most part. It's all about staying hidden and using the environment to make your way across an area without being seen, detection will lead to bad situations really quick, engaging in combat with guards is almost pointless when theres more than one. I've seen people complain about the difficult and bad combat system in this game but they don't seem to understand that it is very deliberately designed as such. When an enemy gets close to you, it locks you into a duel where precise timing is needed to parry his attacks and wait for a timeframe to kill him, but it should always be a last resort and the game heavily penalizes you for carelessly running around. You also have to be careful of obstacles in the environment like vases, chairs and washbuckets which will create noise when tripped over. Kind of a neat mechanic which I've not seen fleshed out like this before.Where this game shines is the leveldesign. The whole game takes place inside a castle and the massive rooms whith lots of verticality give you sheer endless possbilities to try out alternate routes and find shortcuts to avoid patroling guards. And even while some missions make you revisit same arreas, theyre big enough that you don't really notice it. I've often found myself loading up old quicksaves just to try other ways and often to my delight found that theres always a plan B, C, D... etc. to each situation. With the ability to create a clone decoy and to go invisible for a short time (just to name a few of the very playful and versatile skills you can aquire in your hideout after each mission) you get enough variety to find your own playstyle. Allthough some of the skills can make it almost too easy, they get balanced by being bound to a ressourcesystem that is very scarce, so wasting amber to go around a difficult spot invisible is always something that has to be thought through, it may come in handy later in the mission.""Styx"" doesn't come without its' flaws of which most are attributed to it being a budget title. Allthough it bodes some interesting dialogue and a great misanthropic little goblin as a maincharacter, the story and presentation often fall a little flat. There's a potentially great twist like halfway through the story, that isn't delivered too well though and it leaves the rest of the plot often very convoluted and confusing to the player. The ending was a bit disappointing, as the final conflict is merely portrayed through a still image cutscene that I really wanted to play myself, bummer! The aesthetic of the environment and the characters and the sounddesign are excptionally well though and give the game some needed atmosphere. The controls got in my way a couple times especially when climbing onto platforms, but nothing gamebreaking, it's playable both with KB+mouse and a controller.Overall, ""Styx: Master of Shadows"" is a surprisingly good stealthgame that takes the genre back to its roots but doesnt feel antique at the same time. I dont mind the modern trend that the genre has taken where the protagonist is more like a predator than a fragile unit, I enjoy those games very much too, but getting something classic und unforgiving like this again after a long time is very refreshing. If you enjoy stealthgames, I highly recommend picking this up."
76561198044105742,Recommended,242640,29575658,Posted: 29 January,all,Pandemic91,"I enjoyed playing this game more than I thought I would. Styx has a very nice level design that allows you to reach your destination through different ways. I really enjoyed the abilities the main character has (Clone, invisiblity, etc).You can replay the missions over again incase if you miss something in your last playthrough.Yes, the combat is downright terrible, and theres a few bugs regarding the AI, but as that didn't stop me from enjoying the game. Besides, as a hardcore stealth game, combat doesn't really matter to me. I had a lot of fun playing this on goblin difficulty without being detected."
,Recommended,242640,25287746,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Roy,"Interesting game but has many game-breaking bugs and issues.Basically your character very often does things you don't want him to, and AI can be broken as hell.Good stealth game though.Definitely not worth 30 bucks, but probably 20."
,Recommended,242640,26061674,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"TL;DR: Fun infiltration/sneaking ""sneaksie"" type of game! Worth a shot if you love that genre!Styx is truly an imperfect game... but a real fun one! Toying with guards is the best kind of pro this game has to offer.Basically, you are Styx, a 200 year old likeable VULGAR Goblin, that wants to acquire rare stuff until he stumbles into a bigger plot that unfolds a much bigger and sinister plot!The main imperfection of this game are the poor combat system, which is set into a kind of quick-time event. Granted, you can skip the combat and it is highly encouraged to just avoid the most guards you can but sadly, you can't avoid them all. You can turn invisible for a set period of time but that consumes ""amber"" and that is in limited quantity.The difficulty level rises up as you progress further into the game. You don't gain any ""godlike"" powers and the game doesn't get broken by that!I'll now summer up the Pros and Cons!PROS:+Toying with human guards never gets boring and is even so damn funny... toss a corpse from a high level to a few guards below and they'll all just run at the corpse, watch it... then yell to find the responsible.... watch the corpse again... you can also vomit in some food and liquid sources... unsuspecting guards will consume that up and fall down soon after! Easy kill(s)!+The stealth in this game is very tense! When you're out of Amber and getting surrounded by guards, you gotta rely on being really careful and stay out of sight!+A.I. ain't groundbreaking but for an indie game, it was decent! Really funny too!+Levels are really BIG!+Your clone power can get you out of trouble! It's basically a ""mirror you"" that you control and can be used as diversion... or a trapped hidden clone to kill an unsuspecting guard!+Skill trees have true meaning in this game and oftenly, a live or die choice once in game!+Story is convoluted at first but once it unfolds, things get's sinister fast!+No crashes encountered but expect a few bugs! Game has 21:9 support!+It's a well priced indie game at 30$. If you can find it lower, even better!CONS:-Recycled levels (you have a set number of levels that you revisit... backwards!).-Combat system is really bad... that is if you are seen, you're stucked in a Quick-Time Event vs the said guard/enemy while the others (if present) can still hit you... makes the combat really pointless IF you are seen by others!-""WARPING GUARDS"" If guards are in alert mode and searching for you, they may ""warp/appear"" in any places all around you, be ready to use cloak mode fast! That is a nasty bug that the developers haven't fixed and I hope that won't be present in the upcoming sequel!-Detection level of enemies are below-average.-Visually, Styx is weak.-The collectibles are rather pointless.-You do not have any tools to disable a guard without any killing. Cyanide could learn a thing or two from the Thief series!-Game felt too long in certain levels. Once you reach past midway of the story, you just want to rush the objectives since you keep exploring the same levels with different enemies.OVERALL:I enjoyed playing this game. I did found it too long for its repetitiveness of the same levels and ended up skipping the collectibles and guard killings to go straight to objectives. I'd like to give a warning though, MANUALLY SAVE OFTEN in this game!!! The auto-save checkpoints are set far between each other!!!RECOMMENDATION:I recommend STYX to all gamers that LOVE infiltration/sneaking games."
,Recommended,242640,17697845,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Bruticus,If you don't want stuck in the hideout. Dont' replay missions before finishing the story...
,Recommended,242640,12458574,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,chrynoble,Finnally a stealth game that lets you win with 100% stealth. I am having a great time with this one.
,Recommended,242640,16250077,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Qix,"Styx is a good game and worth playing. The graphics are fine, albeit with a distinctly last generation feel. The game world and the characters in it are well crafted and animated. I have played Styx and Thief, and they are similar in many ways. The difference I found is that in Thief, the gameworld has a greater variety of locations and the graphics are a little bit better. Unlike Thief, Styx is played in third person perspective. In Styx, there are fewer abilities and weapons, but in a way, this forces you to concentrate even more on the stealth.The ability to create disposable clones is interesting, but they are pretty ineffective most of the time, other than when it is necessary to squeeze through a grate. The main advantage is that it does not count as a detection if the clone is spotted. The clone can be destroyed in a cloud of smoke, jump on guards' backs and cover their eyes, or hide in cupboards and grab them as they walk past. Pieces of moveable scenery, such as chairs and baskets can be knocked around to attract the guards' attention, which sometimes provides the only way past them. There are also lots of hidden passages and ledges to get from A to B without being seen.The game can be played concentrating on not getting seen at all, but you are more likely to spend all your time slitting guards' throats or bashing their heads on the ground before hiding the bodies. This can get a bit repetitive, but it does continually force you to invent solutions to situations where you want to avoid being seen, but really want the shiny coin you can see in a room that's not even on the way to your objective. That's what makes this a good stealth game, because it sticks to the basic formula relentlessly. As is often the case, the ability to save game at any time is essential, but does somewhat break the flow if you end up saving every time you kill an enemy.What sets the game apart are its overall style and the voice acting, which is very good. The goblin you play is of course an anti-hero. He is vulgar, thieving and murderous, but smart with it. I can't think of any game I have ever played with such a high hit-count of swear words. The goblin even screams ""F*** You !"" as he falls to his death. It's refreshing to play a character that is so despicable."
76561198172048545,Recommended,242640,30170893,Posted: 25 February,all,Seiko300,"I absolutely LOVE this game, and can't wait for the release of Styx (2) Shards of Darkness, I never considered writing a review until now that I have the pre-order for the second game and because of the hype I might as well describe how good the first was.The world that Styx takes place in is possibly the most interesting I have ever played in regardless of genre, with the second game expanding on the lore of the first, with goblin(s), elves, dwarves, and other very interesting creatures in my opinion this game trumps ALL others of the Stealth Genre (of which I am a big fan) for the sole reason it is a TRUE stealth game.Other ""stealth"" games such as Dishonored, or Assassins creed, while still good don't exactly hold up the statement of a stealth game because stealth is more of an option rather than a necessity. You don'tneedto be stealthy in assassins creed if you can just perform an arial takedown into a restricted area and then proceed to counter and kill all the guards in the area without loosing a speck of health, and you don'tneedto be stealthy in Dishonored if you have enough ammo to literally go guns blazing, while it is harder to accomplish with enough health ""vials"" and all the ammo you can find throughout the game, you can toss a grenade to kill two people at once, fire off your pistol 20+ times to get a kill per shot (if you are accurate enough) and set down enough traps around you that anybody who gets even close will either be knocked out or disintegrated. (But this review isn't about other games mistakes, this is about how good Styx is, so I will continue)Which is why I believe some people don't like this game, because they believe that they are Stealth fans since they've played all the assassins creed games, and then they come here and can't knock down more than 3 levels, much less the side ""quests"" or achievements. Because Styx isn't any ordinary stealth game it's atrue hardcorestealth game. Where stealth isn't an option, but rather forced upon the player. If you raise the alarm you can have at least 10 guards tailing your♥♥♥♥♥which will either 1. force you to hightail it out of there, and wait a decent amount of time for everyone to calm down or 2. stand and die (Because there is no way you can stand and fight) and trust me, I have at least 2 screenshots of me hiding away in some obscure room while at least 8 guards are trying to find me. Styx's one weakness happens to be his strength, as Styx himself put it in the final scene: ""Small sure, but quick, and mean."" Styxcannotengage more than one opponent at a  time, and even then facing head on one on one can be difficult, requiring to dodge or parry a couple times before you are allowed to strike back, you need to have the perfect timing down pat in order to pull this off. Which can definitely be a struggle at first, however if my own experience is a good reference, I would say many Styx players get this down pretty easily mid-to late game, especially once you get a specific perk which allows you to parry without requiring that perfect exact timing. This is why in other games 8 guards is ""nothing much"" but in Styx spells out a death sentence. You'd have to be a god at both parrying and dodging in order to accomplish this which is very unlikely because of the variety of guards there are in the game.Normal ones, (which already by themselves can sometimes be a pain) Archers, who wield crossbows and can one-shot you from a distance (if you have low enough health) Inquisitors, who use freaking magic to immobilize you long enough for them to get one good slash in which can also be enough to get you killed, and finally Armored guards, which you CANNOT kill in hand to hand or even via stealth, you have to kill them using the environment which leads me to my point:(however don't worry, because the variation is slowly introduced throughout the levels, not all at once from the get-go)Because of this Styx requires a LOT and I do mean alotof strategy, you don't have brawn, so you're going to have to rely on your noggin from now on. Memorizing endless patterns of guard patrols, map layouts, and potential hazards / creatures among other things. Which can sometimes mean a lot of dying, but that's when the story as well as Styx himself as a character comes in. The lore behind this game is extremely entertaining and interesting (although not much of it is elaborated in THIS game itself shortly after completing this game on my first run I discovered that Styx has appeared in a video game before, Of Orcs and Men styx makes an appearance as a playable character throughout most of the entire game, and where a lot of lore can be discovered in terms of the world that Styx exists). Not only this, but if Styx was to be summed up in a single word I would say sarcastic, and god he can be funny, which can definitely be a nice break from a brief rage quit every now and then.It's only a matter of time before we finally get to see what's behind the curtain of Styx shards of Darkness before we can see how the developers have expanded upon this universe even further, and boy am I excited."
,Recommended,242640,14585661,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ben,"So, after playing the awesome game that is ""of Orcs and Men"" (go buy it, go play it!) I was so happy to see a sequal-prequal coming out, featuring Styx as the main character. Or is he? This game ticked all the boxes for me. I love the gameplay, hiding, sneaking, distracting, murdering and backstabbing. Right up my alley. But more than that, I was very impressed by the diversity of option I found in completing a level. Do I go high and around, or keep low and to the shadows? Or just run a hail merry through open terrain and try to dodge the bullets. (Well, arrows, but you know what I mean..). The complete freedom of terrain, the many possible routes you can take, makes for a very interesting gameplay. It also makes redoing a level remain challenging, just try a different route.Some levels are even revisited later in the game, but due to slight game changes, they feel like a completely new challenge.The only thing.. is that now, I would like amnesia (spoiler-ish alert) too, so I could play it again and again and again.9 out of 10.And that is mostly because I'm leaving room for improvement in the third... wait.. what do you call a game what arives after a sequal-prequal? A threequal-middequal?Ignore me. Go buy and play!"
,Recommended,242640,13561404,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sorriow,"Rikimaru - The GameNot something I'd play again, but it was a fun ride until the end.The game is limited it mechanics, but shines in level design. You always have multiple solutions at hand and are not forced to only use a set amount of possibilities to make it trough a puzzle. You always have multiple possible routes.There are also a ton of collectibles, if you're into that kind of thing.Overall 7/10"
76561198018910266,Recommended,242640,23131669,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"Awesome stealth game, I love it, try it out if you like stealth and assassinations"
76561198105945085,Recommended,242640,24243895,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,gxht,Great stealth game. Not too many on steam. Like Splinter Cell.Observe. Plan. Execute.Sometimes the controls arent as precise as they could be but doesn't detract from the experience too much. Also Styx can't grapple around ledge corners. Very silly. Would have liked throwing knives to be retrievable. You end up conserving items very a bit too much in general.I would almost recommend this game at full price. It really is that good. But you can find it on sale quite often.
,Recommended,242640,23772239,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zedamas,"Loved it! Deff worthwhile. Story was alright and felt a bit forced in a few parts, but overall very well done. beautiful level design, well crafted. Stealth game done right, really gives the player options of how they want to proceed through, quality challanges. Can't wait for the new one to come out :)Big fan"
76561197969655186,Recommended,242640,13872853,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,StenchMaster,"A good game with an excellent story. A brilliant concept for a stealth game. Eyefinity supported natively. Large maps with numerous pathways. Can be difficult in some situations at times, expect lots of reloads when learning how the game mechanics work. 9/10."
,Recommended,242640,20126395,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Karl Toffel,"Can't remember when I played the last stealth game where I actually had to be either very stealthy or at least take enemies out one by one by crawling behind their backs. In a time where Dishonored, Splinter Cell, MGS and other ""stealth"" series reinforce the ""play how you want"" type for impatient ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, where you can go in guns blazing if you want, this felt really refreshing, challenging and fun.The game keeps upping up the challenge with new enemy types that really counter your skills and options. Do you like rolling around fast? There's an enemy type that can hear very well. Do you like climbing on top of things? They introduce an enemy later on that can counter that. Do you like killing everything? Some enemies are unkillable. It forces you to sneak all the way through and it's great.The only negative thing I'd say was the final encounter with a boss type character. I think it's the only time the game forces you to fight and it is really really unfair, I'd say impossible even, if you don't bring any supplies with you or if they catch you with low health. So that's a big minus.Otherwise, if you actually like stealth games - do get it."
,Recommended,242640,14817890,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,BUZZ KILL,"Pros:+ Story+ Game play mechanics+ Enviorment+ SkillsCons:- Frustrating at times- Stupid A.I.- Buggy which causes a lot of problems at times- Difficulty is not consistant- No FOV control, gives me a damn headacheI recommend this game for $10 or less"
,Recommended,242640,15581414,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Cdott#11506,One of the best stealth games I have played. It doesn't require you to be perfect but it challenges you every step of the way. Auto Save and Quick Save are your bst friends for this game
,Recommended,242640,14993366,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Gammle stubba,"This game is the best stealth game I have played, better than assassins creed.Has the classic vibe and immersion of a real stealth game, massive maps, and an alright story behind it all.I give this game 9.5/10, the only negative was that it should of been a bit longer, there are 40-50 good hours of gameplay to stealth and explore through, which is more than enough for such a fair price on this game:)"
76561198159159428,Recommended,242640,26511143,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Tim Tierney,"This game is a stealth game. If you want to run through the levels and fight everything you see you probably won't enjoy this game. Instead the enjoyment comes from figuring out the best way to achieve your goal without anyone knowing you were there.ProsGreat stealth mechanicsVery interesting/disturbing plot twistGreat voice acting for styxNot very cpu/gpu intensive and will run on middle of the road hardwareYou can clone yourself by vomiting, turn invisible and blow your clone up to make a smoke bomb.Great use of verticallity for those of us who love to climbConsEnemies all look the sameShort/easy, unless you want to be a ghostThe same levels are used multiple timesUltimately this game gets a positive review for good gameplay and story."
76561197960424850,Recommended,242640,12513469,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,nyte,"Fans of the old Thief franchise will feel right at home with Styx. But while the Thief series turned macabre in mood and more ""loot based"" in gameplay, Styx is a refreshing return to the original style. You'll infiltrate castles, mansions, and prisons as opposed to ghost ships or haunted houses. There's very little supernatural nonsense. The guards are (for the most part) the charmingly dumb human muscle with swords and chainmail that I grew to love from playing the Dark Project. And Styx won't bore you by having you open a gazillion drawers in a room or anything like that. It's all about creeping around being stealthy.The enviornments were so visually beautiful that I was sort of disappointed when they had me run backwards through the same levels in the latter half of the game. I get that reusing content is the most efficient way to extend the game, and it's not as if they did it poorly, but it was a disappointment nonetheless because I loved seeing the new environments. But perhaps the best part of the environments was the audio which was always really good in every aspect and helped keep the game properly emmersive.I've read reviews that say the combat is clunky but I played it on Goblin mode (the hardest) where the guards kill you instantly if you're detected, so I didn't get to experience it much. I think if you're going to play a game where the fun is in not getting caught then you shouldn't care about the combat. The wealth of abilities and skills you develop as you gain skill points will help keep you entertained - it's way more satisfying to kill a guard with a successful clone trap than it is to parry and slash.The story is kind of dumb - lot's of unoriginal stuff like Bioshock-style amnesia, characters that aren't who you're led to believe they are, betrayal at every chapter, etc. There at least seems to be some originality to the lore behind the game, but not much is fully explained. The voice acting is good except for the strange decision to give Styx an American accent when everyone else is British. That, and the gratuitious amount of swearing, are annoyingly conspicuous.There's some replayability in the form of side missions and ""insignias"" which are like achievements you get for completing a mission in a certain way (for instance doing it without setting off any alarms). And it's not possible to get all the insignias and all the steam achievements in one go since some of them conflict. But I hesitate to use the world ""replayability"" because doing a mission without killing any guards and then doing it while killing all or most of them poses two very different challenges. It doesn't feel exactly like ""replaying"" the mission to me.Overall I'd say you'll be happy with the game if you decide to buy it. If they came out with a sequal I would buy it without hesitation. Hopefully I was able to convince you that despite it's flaws it's still really fun and a good experience.-nyte"
,Recommended,242640,22099037,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Muskie,"Ingedients:1 Cup Splinter Cell2 Cups Thief1 Teaspoon Assassin's Creed1(?) GoblinMix well, Garnish with a Tablespoon of Amber.7/10, Some minor bugs, but they can be avoided/worked around. Worth the $30 for sure."
,Recommended,242640,20050906,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Whydoyoubark,"A stealth game in which you play as a foul-mouthed ninja goblin.PROS:+ Styx+ the setting of the game is refreshing, forget about a generic fantasy world+ level design and multiple ways of completing mission objectives+ the story has its momentsCONS:- traversing through levels tends to be clunky- second part of the game involves loads of backtracking- some enemies lack any counterplay whatsoever, may drive you insane at timesAs with Of Orcs And Men and Game Of Thrones RPG, Cyanide Studios deliver yet another game which is pretty far from perfect; fortunately, you can feel that devs from CS pour their hearts and souls into their games.Styx: Master of Shadows is an example of a game whose positives outshine the negatives incandescently.I'm looking forward to the sequel and more great titles from Cyanide Studios.""Akenash... The Heart... I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about any of it!"""
76561198052710641,Recommended,242640,32804105,Posted: 26 June,all,Sol_Fox,"When I first say the game trailers I was intrigued, when I looked for videos on youtube for the game I was interested, and when I found the game on Steam Summer Sales I pounced at it with joyful glee.   Now with a few hours into the game play I'll leave with a few things that I've noticed.1) while you can play with mouse and keyboard the movement feels a little stiff.   I would recommed a game pad to play.2) It's a good challenging game.   It has the 'Dishonored' openess of the maps as to how you can play along with the Same Ability to Spare and not kill a single soul and or not be detected...But Good Lord it's not easy [which in my opinion makes it a lot more enjoyable but thats just me.]3) I did get caught in some spots of the games where I felt that the enemy 'view radius' was just a bit to wide.   Either it was my own fault or something hating me.   Though it did give me a chance to notice something.   Most of the NPCs repeate the same dailog over and over again to the point of MADNESS.But, dispite all of that, I'm having fun with the game.    Threre and Three Quaters Stars."
,Recommended,242640,28547762,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Wrend,"Solid stealth game that's just long enough to where you don't lose interest.  If you get into actual combat with enemies, it feels much like a quick-time event game and feels a little weird (best avoided all together).  If you are interested in stealth gameplay with some intereseting twists, you will enjoy this game.  If you are looking for more combat mixed with some stealth you might be disappointed."
76561198098778067,Recommended,242640,30157796,Posted: 24 February,all,Galanii,"Guard finds fellow human brutally murdered, guard vows to revenge for the murder, 10 seconds later guard continues routine patrol like nothing happened.Tough stealth game. Lots of eyes and not many easy ways to remove them."
,Recommended,242640,34870006,Posted: 10 September,all,UmbreMom,I have to say that I totally love this game. The stealth factor in this game is fantastic and it makes you think if you can bypass a guard or have to kill him to procced through the area and the character is quite funny to listen to his remarks to people in the cutscenes. This game does its stealth extremely well and I'm recommending this game to people who love stealth games and want a challenging one that will test their skills to prove they are a true Master of Shadows. If you don't like heavily based stealth games then I don't recommend it for you but you can still go loud in this game but you will not live long in it if you can't parry attacks well.
,Recommended,242640,16924137,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","""Real"" stealth games don't come along very often these days since it's more profitable to play it safe and add in optional combat elements, but every now and then one comes along like Styx. This is a game more like the old Thief games, where if you get caught it's effectively quickload time because your chances of escaping a fight alive are fairly slim. It feels a bit budget at times for a $30 game, mainly in the graphics and voice acting, but the gameplay is solid enough that I didn't mind. The game is seven missions long, but each mission is split into 3 or 4 somewhat large areas which each have a main objective, a side objective, and 10 gold coins per area (so 30 to 40 per mission), so it has a fair amount of length to it. You get experience at the end of each mission to spend on skills, with bonus experience rewards at the end of each mission for not killing anyone, not being seen, finishing the mission in a certain time limit, and collecting every gold coin in the mission. You have a few special abilities like being able to make clones of yourself or temporarily turn invisible, but they're heavily limited and the main focus is on traditional stealth.The only real problem is that the game lacks a real motivation to actually do the bonus rewards - you already end up with at least around 200 experience per mission just for completing them, and the rewards only add 20 each. For the rewards like not being seen and not killing anyone you might just get those anyways (though I can almost guarantee that you won't bother sparing anyone in the final mission, because after a few seconds of sneaking around elves you'll be ready to slaughter every last one of those beady-eyed hellspawns), but the time limits are usually around an hour less than my final time and seem to be based around speedrunning through the mission instead of exploring to look for items, and the coin challenge is an all-or-nothing deal, so I'd almost guarantee you won't actually get it on your first run of any mission if you plan on going for any of the other rewards. But at the same time, just like I didn't criticize Thief 2014 for not forcing you to steal gold, I don't really mind it here either, because at the end of the day you'll steal everything you see anyways because it's just fun to do it.Overall Styx is the type of game that just sets out to do one thing and does it pretty well, and while it could definitely be better it's just nice to see a game with a budget that caters more to purist stealth fans. I think $30 might be a bit high, but if you're into stealth games it's worth getting sooner or later."
,Recommended,242640,25255249,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Goat,Very entertaining stealth assassination game. And you get to do it as a goblin!
76561198090807191,Recommended,242640,12401946,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,R4Z0R,"F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C, it's like Thief but with more ''action'', i have not finished it yet but the bit i played i simply loved it, cool game. It certainly will ''steal'' your social life for a while, of course if you like the genre.11/10 '' Funny and challenging''R4Z0R"
76561198029580252,Recommended,242640,15992526,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Truck Stop Santa Claus,simply put we need more games like styx
,Not Recommended,242640,34492794,Posted: 25 August,all,Mordynak,"Not at all.I really tried to enjoy this game. I loved the look of it from the trailer, but its a big let down. From the awkward controls, to the embarrassing, laughable dialogue. The whole game just felt a bit slapped together.The controls... werent terrible, (for a stealth game) But it is pretty much pot luck as to whether you will land a jump from one ledge to another. Sometimes it feels like it depends on your camera angle, your WASD keys.... And other times the game just says ♥♥♥♥ you, and you fall to your death.Sometimes there are drawn cutscenes, sometimes they are poorly animated 3d ones, but the most bizarething is, the later half of the game has no cutscenes, at all. I imagine there is a final cutscene, but after reaching the final fight, I gave up all hope on this game.The dialogue is really cringeworthy. Really makes me shudder. It's not backed up by a great story either.One thing I notice fans of the game fail to mention. Is that all the levels are played twice. Which, if you ask me, is cheap. You work from A to B, then you have to travel through the maps in the exact same order back to A again. Even having to repeat some of the same puzzles.I played, and I played. All i kept thinking was ""When will this be over"". I just couldnt enjoy it at all and I wish I had just been playing something else instead.Apologies, it's hard to write a concise review of this game when im so frustrated with it."
76561198054985169,Recommended,242640,12441413,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ed,"This is an excellent game. I freely admit that I am a filthy casual AND bad at platformers, and I'm having zero trouble navigating around the gigantic mission maps. The controls are fine. You just have to actually practice and PAY ATTENTION, to both the tutorial and the environment in general.If you're the kind of gamer that's going to get upset that you can't stop time and fight fifty guys in close combat with guns and superpowers (don't get me wrong, I love Dishonored), this isn't the game for you. If you're the kind of gamer who, like me, really loves a good gratuitous murder simulator that lets you scramble all over the map (and I do mean ALL OVER, the maps are enormous and have multiple routes through everything) and come up with all kinds of elaborate ruses and trickery to accomplish your goals while killing people in awesome and sometimes hilarious ways, you will likely enjoy this game.This is also the first stealth game that's made me care enough to go back to earlier missions and try for things like a no-kill run without being spotted even once (clone trickery definitely helps with this, since clones being spotted doesn't count as a strike against you). Those skill points are a sweet, sweet reward, and make the added challenge a lot more satisfying.I liked Of Orcs and Men, and I love that it got a prequel. Styx is a great character and I'd love to see more games in this universe."
,Recommended,242640,14794393,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Clockworm,"A little rough around the edges, but Styx: MoS is a solid stealth action-adventure. And you can sick up other goblins to do your dirty work."
,Recommended,242640,14862822,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ceerrelic,This is a great game becue unlike othe stealth games you cant just kill everyone in an area and move on your weaker and thats fine makes more of a challege.
76561197993865643,Recommended,242640,14905829,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,PingPongPaddle,This is a great game. It reminds me of the Splinter Cell series. Looking forward to more games from Cyanide Studios! P.S. Save often!
76561198049743008,Recommended,242640,14956433,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Colonel-Commissar McFasty,"Styx master of shadows is aptly named, as stealth is paramount here. The other reviews are correct in that this is a solid stealth game which has been missing from the genre for some time. The combat is functional but it is made clear that it is secondary in the game.There are not many puzzle sections, the tricky part of a level typically involves evading patrols and environmental hazards.  The game has a dark, nasty, gritty feel that makes none of the regular game mechanics a chore. Im going to say 9/10 as the AI is a tad predictable, but i still have 2 more difficulties to amp it up by so i wont attack the AI programmer just yet!On the whole i feel its a very playable successor to games like thief and hitman, in which playstyle is everything and the levels are HUGE. Not open world, but immense enough to find many ways to succeed in your goals. Most enjoyable game ive played in the last few years and there are almost no bugs to speak of, even minor ones."
76561197970600723,Recommended,242640,14308730,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[[Soozey]],"A great classic-style stealth game. Gameplay is based on staying in the shadows, moving quietly, finding ways to navigate the level around the threats, and adapting to the different AI of different enemies, just like Thief (not the 2014 abomination). If Dishonored was the best stealth game since Chaos Theory, Styx is the best stealth game since Dishonored.Things that make it good:▲Near-perfect control: This game doesn't help you move. You do it all yourself. You need to be careful near ledges, and you need to land your jumps. But the jumping hasprecise air controlthat lets you execute your navigation with perfection. Climbing and jumping around a hundred meters from the ground feels awesome and scary because it's all your own doing. It's not Assassin's Creed that just plays nice animations for you and you can't fail.▲Level Design: The levels are expansive, non-linear and very vertical. You don't get a precise map, and everything encourages thorough exploration and crazy climbing. Enemy patrol placement is challenging but still the levels are designed so that you can get through without a single alert or without killing anyone. You even get to steal things, and many of the side objectives tell you to do so. This game does that optional crime better than Thief 2014 did, even though it was supposed to be that game's primary element.---As expected/doesn't matter:►PC features: No mouse acceleration or problems with overcontextualized controls. Fully rebindable keys and a functional unrestricted save system.►AI: The enemy AI has multiple states of awareness and a reasonably complex detection system. It's almost exactly the same as in Dishonored. Enemies can be unalerted, suspicious, investigating, alert, or in combat. Alerted enemies will change their patrols and inform unalerted comrades of an intruder. Enemy variety is also decent, and different enemy types are introduced incrementally, going from armored killers, to blind enemies with super-hearing, to enemies who can smell you when you get close. Stealth game 101. Nothing wrong, nothing special.►Graphics: The game looks a few years dated and it doesn't have mo-cap animations. -Which  is entirely irrelevant so we'll move on.---Things that make it bad:▼Bugs: Hanging behind railings makes you invisible to enemies on the other side, but dropping down to a seemingly even safer area gets you instantly seen by an enemy looking into your direction regardless of how dark your surroundings are. Wall-anchor jumping sometimes has unreliable grab-detection, and loading a save sometimes makes nearby guards suspicious for no reason.▼Reliance on handholding: Levels were not designed with investigation in mind. Very early in the game you will run into a situation where you are required to turn on ""Objective indicators"" because the information required for you to find what you're looking for simply does not exist in the levels themselves. No readables, no extra maps, no eavesdropping. Just an arrow that points at the goal.▼Field of View: The FOV is slightly too narrow for a game played on a desktop display 50cm away from your eyes. The default for that setup is ~90° and there should be an option to expand it further.▼NPC speech: Not enough lines for idle NPC chatter. The repetition isn't as bad as in Thief 2014 but it's still a bit annoying. A game that discourages killing should make it interesting for your enemies to be alive on the background, and not annoying. It's also supposed to serve the purpose of soudn feedback.In Conclusion: See above.Don't read reviews if you don't want to read reviews. No score here."
76561198073359624,Recommended,242640,29097659,Posted: 7 January,all,Bombandealer,"Just finished this game 5 minutes ago and boy it is HARD! Maybe not Dark Souls hard but you'll see the ""You died"" screen more than enough during the playthrough. And by hard I of course mean really challenging. So here is a short review about all the things I like and hated about this.The game is challenging, so it is natural to talk about gameplay first. It's a stealh game, in the purest sense. The game wonät end if you're seen, but run like hell and hide because the combat is, well, difficult. I wouldn't call it unfair. In Styx, the combat is merely parrying a strike two or three before you can actually kill your enemy (some can't be parried), and the challenge is in the timing of the parry, the window for it is small so you have to precise. One enemy you can propably kill, but two or more and it's game over, you, will, die. So run, don't be seen, hide, sacrifice clones! Control's are good and respond well (played with Xbox 1 controller) and overall gameplay and mechanics, I liked them, only the combat is something I loathe, and there were few times you had to fight just to progress the story.. Also, didn't like they way the game reused tha same maps, just chanching the direction from A -> B to B -> A....Music was alright, nothing special there and the graphics are good, nothing groundbreaking, but I absolutely loved the drawn artstyle of the cutscenes between missions. That's all I have to say about those so then, the story. At first I thought ""ok the story is this and blaablaablaa nothing interesting...""  THEN, at about midway of the game, won't tell at which part, there is a huge plot twist that breathed new life to the story making it much, MUCH more interesting! And at the very end, after anticlimatic fight that almost ruined the feeling for me, the last cutscene gave me the ""WOW"" factor, did not see that coming.All in all, if you enjoy challenge and stealh games, give this a try!"
,Recommended,242640,26679859,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Thane_Mantis,"Honestly, for me, this game is a bit of a mixed bag. There are alot of pro's and cons to this game that make it hard to decide if its a truly good game, or kind of broken.Pros:+Hardcore Stealth game:All the emphasis for this game is on sneaking around, and not getting caught.+Solid story:Whilst maybe a tad generic or cliche'd, the game story is pretty well written overall, and features an interesting twist around the games mid-point.+RPG-esque Mechanics:The game features several skill trees reminscent of RPG's that help spice up the game and help your progression. Their included in the game in a well done manner that feels satisfying and well crafted.+Great gameplay and abilities:At the start of the game your given a few standard abilities, as well as a set of magical abilities fueled by Amber. As you progress through the game, these can be upgraded using the aforementioned skill trees, which can help enhance the gameplay quite a bit.+Expansive enviroments:The levels in this game are pretty large, and can take awhile to progress though, especially if your after a perfect stealthy playthrough like I was, or if you like exploring. There are alot of hidden pathways and so on to be found, which can keep things interesting, and add some replay value.Cons:-Graphics:Whilst a bit less of a concern for me, if your the kind of gamer that loves good graphics, ya may be disappointed.-Recycled levels:Whilst maybe somewhat forgiveable to an extent since the enviroments in this game can be pretty expansive, the second half of the game features you doing the exact same levels as before, but in reverse, which feels somewhat lazy if Im honest.-Glitches:The game features a number of these, and you can't help but wonder how they got to appear in the game. For example, gaurds can get stuck in infinite loops of telling each other to ""stay alert"" if you put them on alert somehow, and if you unlock the skill to do aerial assassinations quietly, you'll often still hear your victims make screams and yells as you kill them.Conclusion:Honestly, the game itself is pretty good, and I think I would still recommend it to anyone who wants a hardcore stealth game. Really in my book, the game is just kind of unpolished, but its got a good structure in place, and I reckon had it had a few more months in development that could have made all the difference. Even with its lack of polish however, its a good game, and Im very keen to play the sequel.TL;DR:The graphics are meh, and its kinda buggy, but its a good game otherwise, with good stealth mechanics well mixed with RPG and fantasy elements."
76561198108774175,Recommended,242640,16815006,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,jackulua,"Wonderful, Thrilling, and competely Spectacular. Good story, keeps you on your toes, and keeps you unsure of what's really going on. Also, great ending. A must have stealth game. 10/10"
,Recommended,242640,16526923,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[Pfeffer]Hoddypeek,This is a great long lasting stealth game.  Though I get much more enjoyment taking to people out :P
,Recommended,242640,27276433,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nadja,This game is just amazing. The story is amazing and the gameplay is lots of fun. This game got me hooked from the beginning to the end.
76561198006589648,Recommended,242640,25595542,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Vinthrax,"This game is one of the better stealth games I have playe in my life, but I can also say, that it most defintely is not for everyone.First off, it's all about stealth, not combat. When the enemies spot you, you screwed up. Depending on the difficulty, you still have a chance to fight back, or escape, but that's not where the game shines.If you want a game like Assassin's Creed, where the protagonist has a fighting chance even against several opponents, you'll want to move on.But if you want a game that rewards stealth, offers a real challenge on the higher difficulties, then this is most likely the game for you"
76561197972434874,Recommended,242640,31591195,Posted: 6 May,all,Ghost''''',"I cannot believe I hadn't played this game. It's three years old and I am blown away! Classic stealth with bells and wistles that are totally fair and level the playing field. So I had to wonder... why?I did some reaserch and found that the game launched with borked arial controls. Look around and you can find videos of gameplay with frustrating jump mechanics. This has left it with a very unfair scoreAS THE CONTROL ISSUES WERE FIXED. There is a ton of platforming so I can totally understand but it truely is an injustice.So here we have a third person stealth game that has all of the hallmarks of the greats. From what I have seen so far an immense amount of content. Yet it seems to get little love. I got the game today and suddenly four hours passed... AND I'VE ONLY PASSED THE TUTORIAL AND FIRST MISSION! Granted this is on the hardest difficulty because lets face it stealth ain't stealth if you don't get your face caved in upon F@&<ing up.The AI is impressive. The first time a guard switched up is patrol it totally got me. Guards behave fairly human. Mixing it up, taking naps and waking back up! Eating food left out to snack on. The pathfinding is pretty solid. The only thing I saw in terms of stupid AI was a lack of a response to a massive chandalier falling onto a bunch of priests.So that said it isn't perfect but it is a solid9/10. Not the 7/10 it was unfairly branded with at launch. If reviewers were fair they would do a post-launch follow up to fix this.It was worth the sale price for just the first mission alone so if you like stealth give it a stab. If you aren't a fan of some harsh realistic stealth however, just go get some tripple A game to hold your hand and tell you you are a special snow flake once again."
,Recommended,242640,14129918,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,CBM86,"Great stealth game with a great story.  Big levels that lets you decide how you want to go to complete your mission. Do you go stealthy and avoid the blood shed? Or do you quietly snap necks, stab, poison, or throw daggers killing off every enemy that is in your path? There is a few collision problems and glitches but all and all it is a good game."
76561198163148477,Recommended,242640,14157549,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,"I am really enjoying this game. It does everything right. Great environment, simple but effective gameplay. I have been having trouble getting into a lot of games recently. Styx is a breath of fresh air....set in a sewer :)A wonderful stealth game in a fantasy setting."
76561198084239937,Not Recommended,242640,30402187,Posted: 8 March,all,DEV,"EDITION : StandardDATE : 09-Mar-2017 (Finished)SETUPWindows 10 64-Bit, MSI GT80-2QE Notebook, Logitech F710 GamepadRATING (rated as if released in 2017)Optimization : AStorytelling : CGraphics : CSound : CControl : CFun Factor : CValue : CI really want to love this game, but I just can't. In fact, I really had to pull myself up to finish it. Although it has interesting characters, good voice acting and surprising plot twist, the story itself is really boring and badly written. For visual presentation, the level design is good enough, but the textures are blurry. There's a total of 7 missions, but you don't actually get 7 different maps. You just get 1 big map separated into several zones and each mission will requires you to go back and forth between zones. I got bored after doing the 4th mission. The music soundtrack is mediocre at best, nothing special.The control is tight, but the gameplay mechanic is awful. If you get caught, you can run away and hide, but if you too close to the guards that caught you, you will automatically enter combat mode which is really annoying because it uses locked parry system. Basically you have to parry the guard's attack several times before you can do a killing blow. If there's other guard around, you're screwed since the other guard will also attack you while you're locked in that particular parry combat."
76561198103618203,Recommended,242640,15778196,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Trail MIX,it's good with stealth
76561198035826989,Recommended,242640,26585128,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Korkrag,"I really do enjoy this game. Except one major detail which I will come back to*. The stealth is very well done, you don't get good stealth in many games. Except for a bug in which reloading, enemies sometimes become aware of you, that's quite annoying! The combat system is abysmal. Even with skills to make it easier. But have no fear, because you can usually stealth kill people before they're any bother. The level design is AMAZING! A lot to explore and see, climb and find.Lot's of skills to gain, you can replay levels with those skills to make getting points for other skills easier. Bonuses include things like complete levels quickly. (It's not that hard if you skip the cutscenes.) Without killing anyone, alerting anyone and for collecting all the coins in each level. And there are side quests to keep you busy, looking for relics or misc treasures!I am however incredibly biased. Because aside from a few flaws, I enjoyed this game. This is a Biased review! As most are on steam.* When you get to Deliverance, part two, Turn your sound off. The Inquisitors make a high frequency ringing sound, and gave me a colossal headache! Argh! The headache is so huge I heard the goblin complain about it from time to time."
76561198088020915,Recommended,242640,25420369,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Yeti Bauer,"I liked this one - have not finished it yet - but I know I'll return to this one to do so.  Like alot of you, I've got many games in my library that are unfinished or waiting for my attention.  I'll return to this one.  If you like stealth, this one is for you.  Play it while you are waiting for Dishonored 2.  Good little game."
,Recommended,242640,29360998,Posted: 19 January,all,JustJim89,"This one had been sitting in my backlog for quite some time. I bought it a few years ago, excited about a new stealth franchise with a protagonist that seemed perfect for the genre, but was quickly turned off by the floaty jumping and troublesome controls around hanging from ledges vs. fully climbing onto them, and gave up before too long. But lately, as trailers and gameplay snippets have been coming out for the sequel and looking very promising, I thought I may as well give Styx another shot. And, about 15 hours later, I'm pretty glad I did.I'll admit right off the bat, my initial misgivings about the platforming aspects of the game never really went away so much as I just got used to them. I couldn't reliably jump to a railing or ledge and just hang from it, so I stopped trying to do so with a guard nearby. I bought the power to be able to pull people down from ledges and kill them, but I never once used it. What's the point when almost every time I jump to a ledge with a guard approaching it, Styx just climbed onto it and got himself spotted? The jumping and climbing could be equally troublesome, which was only exacerbated by the sheer verticality present in all the levels. Like in early Assassin's Creed games, you learn to identify the specific type of thing on a wall that signals a handhold and learn to ignore most everything else on the walls. It is what it is, but I really hope both of those aspects get tightened up in the sequel.Aside from those two fairly irritating blemishes, this was a really enjoyable old-school style stealth game. In an age where every stealth game openly advertises ""You can go in like a ghost, but if you get caught you can go guns blazing and make it through!""it's refreshing to play a stealth game where getting caught has actual consequences and risk instead of just adding to a body count. It reminds me a great deal of Thief 1 and 2 in that, like Garrett, Styx can fight his way past one or two guards if your timing is good, but anything more than that and you're asking for trouble. Likewise, I enjoyed that there are certain enemy types you simply can't get past through your typical stealth kills and are best left avoided, like the knights and the elves. It all helps to reinforce the fact that you're here to sneak and evade, and that the game is no simple power fantasy.Likewise, I really enjoyed Styx as a character, especially for this kind of game. He's not some charming rogue, he's not a brooding antihero or a handsome ne'er do well, Styx is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. He's a small, ugly♥♥♥♥♥♥that hates most everything and has absolutely zero wholesome motivation beyond his own satisfaction. He's a creature made to sneak and stalk, and it's reinforced in both the story and the gameplay. His small stature makes the larger enemies and the massive levels seem even bigger. It makes escaping from a bad situation or fighting past the guard that spotted you really feel like an accomplishment, and in the moments when you're scurrying along the rafters preparing to pounce on an isolated guard feel good. To me, by the end of each level I had really felt like I had overcame something.I enjoyed that the levels seemed to stretch upward instead of outward, and the vertical nature of the levels really made it stand out. The level design is largely superb, even with the common video game problem of ""Why is the room here? How did this guard even get here? How does he leave?"" strewn about in a few spots. It's a good thing the levels are great, too, because you'll be traversing all of them at least twice before the game is up, though for some it'll be three or more times. They find ways of opening up new routes or funneling you in different directions, but at the end of the day they're still the same levels with the same big rooms you've cleared before.All in all, I'd recommend the game to anyone with the patience for the more hardcore of stealth games. It felt like a mix of Thief and the older Splinter Cells. A few rough edges, to be sure, but there's a good game in there."
,Recommended,242640,31328489,Posted: 23 April,all,thuhnc,"This is a kick♥♥♥♥♥stealth game. It's got some unique mechanics (creating a clone with limited capabilities as a distraction, throwing balls of sand to put out torches, turning invisible for a short time), but where it really shines is in pure, no-frills stealthy manuvering. A combination of rolls, wall-sidles and spry goblin leaps is all you need to surmount most challenges. Still, it's nice to have the oppurtunity to get creative now & again.I adore the verticality in the level design, and I like that guards will be able to see you if you're plainly visible even if you're 20 feet above them. It's also neat that there's no piddly ""indefinite knock-out"" option for a nonlethal playthrough; meeting the ""Mercy"" condition means avoiding every enemy.Speaking of which, there are some missions where getting seen by the guards fails the mission and boots you to a load screen, which it might as well do every time. Maybe if you aren't OCD about getting the ""never spotted"" bonus you wouldn't mind getting into a scuffle and running from the guards, which can be rather satisfying, but personally I'll just kill the guard who saw me to spite him and then reload. Two of the five upgrade trees are rendered totally useless in a no kills / no detections playthrough.There's a lot of emphasis on the multiple paths you can take through the levels, which is true for the most part, but there are three to four sections where you can't progress until you find the single well-hidden chain of illogically-placed pointless struts you're supposed to jump along. What the hell did they put all these struts all over the place for? How much stuff did they need to hang on this random exterior wall?Also, while the in-game graphics look great, the cutscenes and voice acting can get a little crude. It's by no means a dealbreaker, but I think the story they've told, which is excellent, could've been slightly better served by something a little more polished. But, y'know, it's an indie game-- what're you gonna do?All in all, I've found it to be an enjoyable and satisfying experience that I'd heartily recommend."
,Recommended,242640,34963279,Posted: 14 September,all,DarkKingBowser,"I have heard many terrible things about this game. Most complaints are either: Jumping isn't great, AI is awful, hanging from ledges is hard because you have to walk off slowly, checkpoints are too few.However when I played I expereinced no issue with Styx. This is a pure stealth game, a really good one at that. Jumping isn't bad from what I've played, it is sort of like a platformer in which you have to know how far you can actually jump (which is pretty god damn far). I'm using a controller and it feels really good jumping around on support beams for the roof.AI is pretty normal. You should know however it is not like most stealth games. If you crouch in darkness a few feet from an NPC, they will spot you. You absolutely have to stay out of their sight even in darkness unless you are far away.And a huge complaint is that you have to slowly walk off to hang from a ledge which is hard when you are about to be spotted. No, it really isn't, just walk slowly off while being spotted. Not really difficult.Finally the checkpoint/save problem. You HAVE to quicksave. Checkpoints are far apart so you definitely have to quicksave a lot. Not a problem if you have it mapped to a key.I'm so glad I gave Styx a try, it is now one of my favorite stealth games. Being a huge fan of stealth games, this is one title I can't recommend enough."
,Recommended,242640,25745114,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Goju Ponu,"I know it says I have only been playing for around an hour, but I have had this game on both XB1 and PS4 and I have to say, it is the best stealth game I have ever played.I know people are gonna bash this game for sucky combat, but a stealth game really doesn't need combat. And this is a true on stealth game. If you get spotted, you might as well reload your save. Especially on Goblin difficulty.The graphics are alright, being made by an indie studio that was pushed by Focus Home to make this game, that soon became AAA after developing it.If you love stealth games, especially ones that will kick you into the dirt, buy this game now."
,Recommended,242640,12546044,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Firvulag,Very solid and pure stealth game.Featuring big open levels that allows for a ton of exploration and a variety of different approaches to each situation.Probably one of the best games of the year.
,Recommended,242640,16005718,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,🐧 crow,"styx is in fear for his life from the long arm of the law, so he does a bunch of awesome stealth gameplay and the levels are really good too"
,Recommended,242640,23893257,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ghost_warlock,"Be a monster.Be the knife in the darkness.Be that little twerp who can't fight for♥♥♥♥♥♥ but will jump someone's♥♥♥♥♥from behind when they're taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥That's who Styx is. That's the mindset you should have when playing this game. Avoid detection at all costs and shank a ♥♥♥♥♥ before they spot you...if you can't get by them any other way. Or just be a sneaky little♥♥♥♥♥♥and try to come up with funny ways to murder dudes twice your size without putting yourself at much risk - drop crates on their asses, poison their food, impale them with throwing knives. That sort of thing.Do not try to engage them man-to-man. Remember, you ain't a man - you're a scrawny little goblin and even their lowly mechanics can hammer you to a pulp in a straight-up fight unless you stay on your toes the whole time. Feel free to gut their librarians and floor-scrubbers while they cower in horror, though. At least there's someone lower than you on the food chain..."
,Recommended,242640,33443924,Posted: 10 July,all,Jiggaw,"One of the top stealth based games i played and probably better than Dishonored 2/ThiefThis master piece toyed with my brain a bit and that's rare+ the first time you feel like you are fighting against yourself only to win and lose at the same time... DO YOU GET IT?! neither i and that's why i recommend itThe stealth aspect is unforgiving some detection can lead you to instant death and no way to fight back it all adds up how can a mere dagger piece plate? (you can eliminate targets stealthly if not plate or even throwing knives(not guaranteed) on targets with helmets.Recommended for people that enjoy stealth games more than combat since combat here is a deathwish unless you invest in the combat tree to parry/kill on detection or even stealth/kill, Story is nice, Soundtracks are ok(got 2 so far on shazam)"
,Recommended,242640,22313922,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,alan sleep,save game simulator
,Recommended,242640,12784047,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ENGELSTOTER,Great stealth game but with no real combat elemnt so harcorde stealth game really
,Recommended,242640,12565458,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Viritys,"Plot is so-so, characters uninteresting, guards walk the same exact patterns endlessly and the stealth is better than in any other game in history.People say that Styx  is only for the HC audience. I dunno, I rarely play the hardest difficulty on any game, but on this one it made all the sense in the world. The game wasn't unfair nor unforgiving at any point. You have quicksaves and between your special abilities, there's always multiple ways to deal with any situation. Most importantly, Styx never felt cheap."
76561198128017998,Not Recommended,242640,32663759,Posted: 22 June,all,Phatpickle679,"The game started out as fun, but got impossibly difficult toward the end. So much so that even on the easiest difficulty I found it incredibly difficult."
76561198034026410,Recommended,242640,25005211,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Scurdy Cat 🎃,Best Stealth Action game I've EVER playedDishonoured was fun but this game took the cake.Storyline was meh I actually thought I would get to play as the Original but :C11/10 would drop a chandelier onto a knight again
76561198094354285,Recommended,242640,25425465,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,athanatus,one of my favorite stealth games
76561198048442185,Recommended,242640,12419966,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Steark,"I've played Styx quite a few Hours from now and im not disappointed so far.Its challenging and hard to master some situations.You have to stealth and the Chance of surviving without stealth is far under zero :DI'm excited what's coming soon and if the gameplay is changing through the game, otherwise i can imagine it's getting boring after a few hours or more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYt0O3F1gjY&list=UUnIihF6eL8g36Ii-UnuIP8g"
,Recommended,242640,13109192,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Hawkeye,"Over all styx master of shadows was well done! The graphics are amazing! The game is great! The storys fantastic! The story is ultimate but some what confusing. you start to understand around ch. 4&5. The story is amazing especialy after or on ch. 4&5. This game is a steath game,I love steath games especialy this one. Buy it now!"
76561198095002399,Recommended,242640,16270449,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Dusty SuperAngel,"For patient players who - Like a traditional stealth experience, great graphics and a story with lots of twists.Pros -+ Fantastic Stealth+ Excellent Pacing+ Massive levels that have tons of exploration+ Solid Graphics+ Great story+ Good controls if you get used to ledge management. *+ A good amount of character/skills customizationCons -- Enemy AI can have trouble navagating the levels and walking around.  -- They will kill you on the spot in Hard mode though. :P- Moving through the level can be difficult at first until you understand the controls (See * below)- End boss battle is TOUGH.  I suggest you ensure you have three throwing blades when you enter the final battle, just saying.*     Bascially the controls are different than Assassin's Creed.  In order to fall and grab a ledge you have to walk slowly off instead of pressing 'B' or 'O' or whatever.  And if you want to jump at a ledge and hang instread of climb directly up you have to hold 'A' or 'Jump' whatever.This was a huge complaint when the game first came out but, if you learn how this game uses the environment/controls you'll be just fine.Overall - 9/10.  If you find enjoyment by moving through a level and not being detected by anyone, pick this game up!Extras -I played this game on Hard mode and got a ton of extra skill points by doing two of the four Insignias every level except the last - 1. Don't kill anyone and 2. Don't be detected.This made the game /significantly/ more difficult but equally rewarding.  I used F5 (Quicksave) and F9 (Quickload) quite a bit."
,Recommended,242640,16453258,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mondasin,"Fun game. If you can manage to be stealthy and learn the AI pathing you can breeze through it, or you can be like me and screw up every time and try to live while♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off half the map on the highest difficulty."
76561198004780654,Recommended,242640,14424840,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Montrasaur,"Cyanide Studios does it again! To me, this game was amazing and it had a lot of the things I look for in a game. Compared to its sequal that was released a few years ago, Of Orcs and Men, Styx: Master of Shadows features many changes. First off it is a completely different type of game. The mechanics are totally different so do not expect the same gameplay. As many other reviewers have said before me, this is a hardcore stealth game. There are some minor RPG elements but they all relate to stealth and there isn't really any way to make a ""build"" in this game. You just get better at what you already do.All the visuals are drastically improved. The graphics look beautiful and the levels are wide open and dynamic. I usually turn the shadows down in most games because they usually look pretty bad normally no matter the graphics setting, but they are important to a game like this and look great. There was even a few times I was able to track an enemy by watching their shadow.Speaking of levels, the level design in this game is outstanding when compared to its predecessor. Most levels give you the opportunity to navigate them as you see fit. Linear is the last word I would use to describe them. In fact the levels are so big that you can play them twice and halfway through the game you must navigate your way through levels you have already played through in different ways with different enemies. So good is their design that in no way does the experience feel ""recycled."" For those of you with a good memory though don't expect to be rewarded by remembering the layout from the first play through. You may find a nasty surprise in what used to be a safe passage.Just like in Of Orcs and Men the story in this game is well written and original. As a lover of Fantasy and a hardcore Dungeons and Dragons player I must say it is very very good. You really get inside the main characters head. I can't say too much without revealing spoilers so your going to have to trust me. All I can say is expect the unexpected.I only have three complaints. As many have said before the combat system is pretty bad. In a lot of ways this is good because it gives you real incentive to be stealthy (the point of the game). That being said there are certain times where I would get cornered and being able to fight at least a little bit better would have been nice. The way combat works is you have to parry an enemies blows enough times then you can kill him. Some enemies have magical attacks that can't be parried and must be dodged. To parry you have to time a mouse click just right and it takes some getting used to. It's a little wonky to say the least. Still over all it's hardly a complaint. I look at it like this; if you don't screw up in the first place you will never have to do it after the tutorial.Second, the ending seemed a little rushed. They just revealed a whole new type of enemy that I must say was very challenging and I felt like I had barely any time to test my skills on them. The final ""boss fight"" was also total rubbish in my opinion. You didn't even get to go head to head with the games main antagonist (or the secondary antagonist for that matter. Maybe we will get him in the sequel).Lastly, I don't think there was a single woman in the game. I am not one of those ""gamer femenists"" but it would have been nice to see some women in the game. Some of the random comments a few soldiers made in the game though implied that there where no women in the location where Styx: Master of Shadows takes place. Given its uniqueness and the implied culture of the people guarding it this is believable. Still it would have been nice.Over all I highly recommend this game. The hardcore stealth gameplay and unique and original story of Styx: Master of Shadows makes this game a winner in my eye's. As I said before with Of Orcs and Men I cannot wait for the sequel. Keep up the good work Cyanide Studios."
76561197979438474,Recommended,242640,14795567,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Zednaught,"Styx: Master of Shadows is stealth game starring the eponymous protagonaist, Styx, an acerbic goblin in a world of men. Unlike most recent stealth games, Styx has ditched the trend for narrow, linear levels for large, mostly non-linear spaces with a huge amount of verticality.  Styx takes its gameplay and level design influences most from Dishonored and Thief 1 and 2.  Dishonored also seems to be the graphical style most emulated here; it's a pretty enough world, and I appreciated it's 'clean' style. It's clear that the developers looked to some of the best stealth games for inspiration.Styx narrarates throughout the game, offering his cynical and often humorous take on the world around him.  Exploration and environmental storytelling help flesh out the story, which rarely resorts to lengthy exposition.  Voice acting is competent, though music was not memorable.For those unfamiliar with the stealth genre, it's a type of game where the player is not the most powerful person in the world, unlike most action games. Unlike action games, also, when combat occurs it's because the player has messed up The player must avoid combat and hide, creating a wonderful tension.  The importance of hiding and finding a path around enemies connects the player to their environment in a way that most action and FPS game do not.There is a great feeling of exploration and discovery in these levels, with multiple paths to take and secrets to discover.  Aiding Styx is a smart arsenal of items and powers that he can upgrade as the game progresses.  The AI is pretty standard, following set patrols and pursuing Styx if they spot him.  Beyond the basic guards are sprinkled a handful of other enemy types, including more powerful humans and some monsters.  It's refreshing to explore environments that don't treat the player like an idiot, and where every secret passage discovered feels like one that the player earned through experimentation and observation.While level design is overwhelmingly the game's best quality, the same can not be said for combat. If a chasing enemy catches up to Styx, the game essentially becomes a frustrating QTE, which is bad enough.  However, other enemies are still active during this, and they will mercilessly attack Styx while he's helpless to run away.  I found these moments profoundly frustrating, since if you're caught in any of these moments and there's any more than one enemy around, you may as well sit back and go get a drink while the 15 second combat event plays out, since even if you do it flawlessly you'll be killed by an enemy against whom you cannot defend. I'm not sure what game the developers were looking to for inspiration here, but they should have simply emulated the model of Thief. A much simpler solution would have been to keep Styx, ditch the mini-game, and encourage him to simply run away.The developers also seem to have taken the inspiration, rather poorly, from the original boss battles of Deus Ex for the game's 'final boss.' It's a clumsy, lasy, and, frustrating experience that left a sour taste in my mouth.  It's unfortunate that this was the last moment of the game, since nowhere else was this type of encounter attempted in the game.Overall, despite these annoying flaws, Styx: Master of Shadows is a solid, enjoyable game that refreshingly treats the player like a patient adult and based its gameplay around building a world of interesting choices that reward observation and exploration.  It's a trend I'd like to see repeated.  I recommend this game to all fans of stealth titles."
,Recommended,242640,16344842,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Weak voice acting and combat system aside,Styx: Master of Shadowsis a well-crafted ode to the likes ofThiefandOddworld: Stranger's Wrath; dark, gritty, stylish with clever map design and a protagonist all its own. Worth playing on that merit alone."
,Recommended,242640,17946765,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Rocket Man,always keep into the shadow avoid running and farting
,Recommended,242640,17924009,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Apeiros,"Styx is currently one of my favorite games to play. Most negative reviews talk about the difficulty of the first fight, but it's actually rather simple, as you don't block, but rather parry. Trying to fight is definitely one of the harder things to do, as it's not a stealth-combat game (you'll die very quickly if you try and actually go a combat route), but rather a stealth-platformer. I find the game to be very enjoyable and the controls easy to pick up, while the world itself is rather immersive. From what I've gathered, after the patch, the game is now much more forgiving when it comes to grabbing ledges, but will sometimes do things you don't want it to do; such as automatically making Styx move onto the top of the ledge rather than hang from it.The game truly is very interesting though, as it's not quite as forgiving as other stealth games when it comes to the actual stealth mechanics. When first starting to play, I find that it's very important to pay attention to everything that you're told in order to truly learn and understand the game. I have yet to run into any glitches or anything of that matter and find that whenever I'm caught and/or die, it's always my own fault, rather than the game mechanics. All in all, I really enjoy the game and recommend it for anyone who likes stealth-based games and/or anyone who wants to find a game that can really challenge them to analyze their surroundings and think on the fly."
76561198012025845,Recommended,242640,23157331,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,@Dave@,"Its Hitman Troll style. I saw all the bad reviews and it put me off. I got it on a deal BEST DEAL EVER. The game has high graphics, problem solving, sneak past of kill people in your way, pick pocket , hide the bodys in chests ,cuboards more.             I love it to bits top game. Down side I just can`t keep my eyes open to play it 24 hours a day. All the bad reviews are cr?p if they made a demo for this it would sell its self in fast.      :-)"
76561198051882157,Recommended,242640,23833396,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Saryk,One of the best infiltration games I've played.
76561198080103160,Recommended,242640,23119016,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Sparkle MCwhatever the fuck,"Hardcore stealth at it's finest, Amazing level design as well as perfect detection 10/10!!"
76561198042266743,Recommended,242640,15591859,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ZhugeXinhua,"Does pretty much what you expect out of a stealth game and has impressively dramatic vertical level designs.My biggest issue with S:MoS is that, while Dishonored had amazing worldbuilding and loads of collectible secrets, and Thief was *all* about going off the beaten path to hunt for loot, S:MoS gives you almost no incentive to  explore the levels besides architectural appreciation and obsessive-compulsive token hunting (which gives far too low a reward for such a tedious challenge). So while the levels are impressively designed, traversing them sometimes feels more like overcoming a bare-bones challenge than exploring a developed world. This is more visible in the obligatory interior/underground/cavernous levels, where the vertical level design isn't as prominent or as impressive. While I still enjoy the challenge, I wish there had been more to discover in the nooks and crannies of the game."
,Recommended,242640,17887255,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,EmeraldWD,"Surprisingly unforgiving stealth game. Seems to focus far more on the stealth and much less on the ""eh screw it I can just kill everyone"" aspect of every other stealth game I personally have played. Controls are a bit wonky at first but you get used to them pretty quick. Only thing that really annoys me about the game is the thankfully short bursts of invisibility you can use. Makes certain obscenely hard choke points entirely too easy. That being said, you get a very limited amount of mana (amber) and can't just spam it, I just wish it wasn't a thing at all. Combat will almost certainly get you killed unless you get a lucky parry and manage to book it and hide, and certain parts of the game actually give you a game over if you are noticed at all.The story is fairly engaging and I love the voice acting. The music certainly doesn't detract from the tenseness of the game, and sometiems actually adds to it.What with a sequel right around the corner I definitely reccomend checking it out as this may become a pretty damn cool series."
,Recommended,242640,13971585,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ilgoth,"At the moment of writing this friendly ode for this game, I have played 6hours and finished prologue and next two chapters.This review comes from a guy, who has played all Metal Gear Solid games and Assassin's Creeds. So I have played a few stealth games.Styx: Master of Shadows was completely new to me, I found about it a week ago and I tell you, I am glad I bought it.Styx is our little green friend, who isn't afraid of throwing out clever jokes at guards while basicly making fun of them in shadows. He is a burglar with a taste for shiny trinkets and overdoses stuff called 'Amber'. But even he masters the sneaking and climbing, he has a weakness; he isn't a fighter and this is something you should keep in mind of while playing the game. Styx can't take too many hits from guards and the fact that the fighting system isn't the best (basicly you just keep trying to counter their attack and then kill when successful).I don't mind that the fighting system is clunky and to be honest with you, quite bad. I'm not here to fight. I am here to sneak and let no one know I was there. And that is what this game does very good, I really like it. It isn't too easy, even though Styx has 'Amber Vision', which is exactly same system as in new Batman games. It helps you to spot things to climb on, guards, items and so forth.The story is kind of funny, I won't write about it as the game describtion does tell enough. Not the best, but it isn't bad. I also like the characters in game.There are 10 treasures + a relic in every chapter to find and if you wanna collect everyone of these with one run and in full stealth, it is challenging. I will personally do this after I have played through the story.I have always liked Cyanide Studios artistic taste and Styx is a beautiful game. I can run it max'd with these:CPU: AMD Phenom, 6-cores 2,8GhzRAM: 8GbGPU: GeForce GTX 650, 2GbOS: Windows 7In short:Audio: 8,2/10Story: 7,9/10Video: 8,9/10Gameplay: 8,8/10I bought the game at price of 29,99 euros, which is the full price. I would pay more!Styx: Master Of Shadows > Latest Assassin's Creed"
,Recommended,242640,13537767,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SCE_Kestrel,If you're a big fan of the Splinter Cell series leading up to Chaos Theory. This game is for you!
,Recommended,242640,17968781,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Manbeast,"Great stealth game, if you can forgive it its poor voice acting, nonsensical plot in the third act and the horrendously bad final boss fight.All in all a great experience thanks to its excellent level design, reward system and RPG elements."
,Recommended,242640,30514224,Posted: 14 March,all,darthaegis,"Styx: Master of Shadows is a third-person stealth game by Cyanide Studios. You play as Styx, a goblin thief trying to steal the heart of the World Tree, a magical tree and the source of Amber, a liquid humans use as a drug and which fuels Styx's magic.Styx is nothing but a small goblin, and most enemies he faces are at least twice as high as him. Because of this, some enemies can instakill him outright, and the ones that can't are still a pain to take down in open combat, requiring several parries so you can get an opening to kill them. This ""combat"" system, of course, means that against several enemies you're probably not going to get out alive, and the game really is just suited to stealth play. There's nothing inherently bad about that of course, unless you've got warped ideas on what a stealth game actually is.You do have multiple ways to approach levels without being detected. Killing is a loud choice and even muffled kills are loud enough for nearby enemies to notice. Ghosting is supported by the ability to extinguish torches (though guards will notice it and light them again), and some magic powers. Amber Vision highlights objects, which is useful as sometimes objects are obscured by lighting. I tried not to use Invisibility but I ended up doing it to get through certain harder areas without being seen. Finally, you can create a clone and control it. It's a pretty fun mechanic as the clone can alert foes but then kill itself, making enemies return to an unalerted state. This allows you to access some places which are harder to access unseen.The game has an upgrade system consisting of several sections. You can respec at your leisure to experiment however you see fit, and fully speccing certain pairs of sections unlocks special upgrades, such as Amber Vision letting you see through walls. The normal upgrades are nevertheless interesting, with stuff like aerial kills or upgrading your clone to be able to make a smokescreen or hold an enemy in place.Overall the level design is pretty good and full of verticality, as you can jump and climb structures. The game is set in bits of a gigantic citadel, made by a mad genius-architect to protect the aforementioned World Tree. The gripe with the levels is once you reach a sort of mid-game plot twist you have to then go through the previous levels in reverse order. This is not as bad as it seems as the levels are now repopulated, and overall harder. The game presents a medium challenge until then (played on Hard difficulty) but the reverse levels do have areas which, as I mentioned, had me give up and use Invisibility (yes I do feel slightly ashamed.) It doesn't feel like too much of a rehash because of this.This is a pretty fun game if you're a fan of the Thief games, or just playing games without getting detected at all."
76561197998326186,Recommended,242640,14004223,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Teramere,"Styx: Master of Shadows (S:MOS) is a hardcore stealth game.  Stealth is not only 'the name of the game', it simply is the game.  Is there combat?  Yes and no.  You can engage the guards but the combat system is almost non-existant (understandly as it is a stealth game) that to succeed (to any degree) you will have sneak your way through the game.  Patience is not only a virtue but a necessity.Although there are three level of difficulty, I recommend the hardest one (Goblin) for optimal game experience.  If you're playing S:MOS in the first place, you're no shrinking violet in the 'slow is smooth, smooth is fast' department.  Additionally, you can make the game as hard or as easy (to a degree) as you wish.  By pursuing the Ghost insignia (ZERO guard alerts) and Mercy insignia (kill NO ONE), you will increase the difficulty.The levels are large and various rooms/sections within the game can be sprawling.  All are well designed as there are multiple paths in any given situation.  No definitive path to accomplishing objectives exists so play as you wish.  One feature I particulary enjoyed about S:MOS is that you have to THINK your way to success.  Act rashly and the guards will not be kind to you, at all.   You will need not only to learn your initial skills, but to master the ones you use most.You will earn 'points' for accomplishing your main/secondary objectives and finding 'Relics' specific to each level.  Additionally, you receive points by earning the the various insiginas (Ghost, Mercy, Swiftness, and Thief).  You can accomplish one or all four four depending on your skill level (and number of playthroughs).Honestly, I was not expecting much from S:MOS in terms of story/plot but was I proven wrong wrong in a big way.  The story begins at  about a 5 (scale 1-10) then takes off into the stratosphere roughly halfway through the game.  Once the story hits its stride, it never lets up until the very end.  The top notch storyline was an extremely pleasant suprise.  The ending ends on a perfect note.  It fits everything you've done up until that point to a tee.Some negatives did pop out to me during my playthrough (one playthrough so far).  Guard pathtracking can be just awful at times, though I found this to be the case closer to the start of the game.  Guard dialogue is **extremely** repititous throughout the game.  The same lines are simply repeated over and over.  A minor grumble, I grant you, but an annoying one.  You can use mission points to 'level up' abilities within any of the four skill trees.  Pick and choose as you wish;  they only augement existing abilities so you will never 'Superman' your way through a level.  One skill tree, Agility, I found to be way out of wack (epecially if you're playing Ghost/Mercy style).  The ability to land much more softly than you would normally would is VERY handy but the remaining three deal with combat themed issues. It seemed strange, but again a minor grumble (easily worked around).I personally hated the last level but in hindsight I believe it was my own impatience (to get to the end of the story).  You very well may love it.  It will test your patience and skill; very fitting for the game's final section.The graphics are are quite good but by no means 'Next-Generation. However, this can be a big plus if you're not running a state of the art gaming rig (most of us aren't).The biggest compliment I can give a game is that I would gladly pay full price for said game.  I managed to pick up Styx: Master of Shadows for 50% off list price.  I would have gladly paid full price and then some.Don't forget about FastSave (F5) or FastLoad (F9)!"
76561197996558186,Recommended,242640,17268984,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Thorgrax,"Let me get one thing out of the way: I am not a man of subtlety. I do my business blunt and direct. I never was much of a fan of stealth games and only started to pay attention to Styx: Master of Shadows because it has Goblins it in. Not as enemies, mind you, but as the playable protagonist. I never imagined i would enjoy this game as much as i did. To me, it is a rough diamond and a candidate for my personal list of best games of 2015.Styx is far from a perfect game. It has some serious problems. Like the poor face textures, mediocre dialogue animations or that everything is done with a combination with 2 or 3 buttons which can lead to more than one unexpected demise.But overall, this game has a touch to it, i cant deny it. It felt like i was playing a stealth version of Overlord II in a lince free warhammer setting. You play a sociopathic midget on his greedy quest to steal a heavily protected treasure in an ancient stone tower build around a magic tree full of supremacist humans and drug addicted hivemind elves.The graphical design is overall nice looking. I had the impression of a solid medieval castle in its prime. The guards gave a serious knightly impression, but were fleshed out enough to fit the fantasy setting. What i like best about them is, that they curse like you expect them to. This game has crude language and  drops a pleasant amount of f-bombs. I will never forget the guard screaming after me something about my rat ♥♥♥♥ing ancestors after i smashed 3 of his comrades under a giant lamp. Not to mention the rich and spacey prison which reminded me of the torture chambers of Diablo 2.The sound of this game is pleasantly disturbing. You ger a serious feel for stalking murder in dark corners. To the point where this game could make your spine chill. No jump scares were to be found, but it had a touch of horror game to it.If you like classic music and violins you will have a blast. Also, hearing sounds in this game is not only a utility, but a weaponized tool. You will need it. Has a taste of chess and puzzle solving to it. In the vertical sense. With more gore.Styx story writing and gameplay is nothing shy of a big circle jerk. In the most positive terms speaking. You start off having no idea how or why, have 2 or 3 mind ♥♥♥♥s, do a 360, get back from where you came and end where you started. Very existential and confusing. But I liked it a big deal. Your tools will help you though, and no matter how much you think you are competent, the various enemy types can rip you to smithereens in seconds if you have a slip or get unlucky. Not even with full skill trees. Precise control is mandatory and thankful to the exact physics engine, mostly granted.Without a doubt the best Orc/Goblin focused game i played in a long and a high remark for the stealth genre overall. Not Important from Hatred could take lessons from the unarmed and armed combat abilities of this sadistic manslayer you play here. What i missed out though were woman. None were to be seen in this tower of sausage fest. Not even at the elfs. I would have enjoyed getting a stab at some elf♥♥♥♥♥Excellent game. Give it an 8/10. Worth its money and more. Played the shît out of it for a whole month in these large sprawling tower sections. This may be a game with a small name, but it has a big heart. Hope to see more from Cyanide with Styx and Arkail. Recommendation Permission granted."
76561197983740996,Recommended,242640,16237573,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Chane,"Styx is one of the best stealth games available. The game has a couple of flaws but none of them diminishes the fun playing the game. The game expects players to remain invisible. In case you run into a fight your chances of surviving are very low. This aspect makes they game brutally hard, at least if you play on normal difficulty or above. Nevertheless it never feels frustrating, on contrary you want to return and try again and again.The game was developed by a small team, but almost feels like an AAA title.Pro:- Total fun to play, very satisfying- Realistic detection by enemies- Nice dark atmosphere- Music and sound effects add to the atmosphere, some of the tracks are really good- Levels are enormous- Level design is superb, if there was an Oscar for level design I would grant it to Styx. The level design allows you to choose many different routes to reach your targets.- Well designed RPG elements, you can upgrade your abilities by points. Points can be earned by achieving side quests or reaching specific level objectives like finishing in a certain time (speed run), not triggering any alarm, not killing anybody or collecting all coins.- This adds to re-playability- Because you can restart levels any time- Leader-boards for speed runs- Enemies puke and sometimes♥♥♥♥♥♥from ledges- Voice acting is good except for the scriptCon:- Enemies often look the same- Lots of bad language, the British English if full of f... and s... . It doesn't quite fit the medieval setting of the game and feels exaggerated- Controls are a little sluggish, I played with the XBOX controller- The story is a let down. Surreal and idiotic. The poor story is a real shame.- Endgame is a no go. While the whole game expects you to act stealthy the last fight is an open fight. It's very, very hard to beat. It felt like the developers wanted to get over with the game quickly. In my opinion they really messed the end up.If you have patience and can keep your cool, if you are not the nervous guy with a cramped trigger finger, I very much recommend Styx. It's a great game."
76561197972743620,Recommended,242640,14156095,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Daunmi,"Gameplay is exceptional, levels are great. Some of the story is a little lackluster, but it's interesting enough. If you like being a sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it's WELL worth giving it a shot."
76561198251432410,Recommended,242640,26607993,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TheAFKgamer,"10/10, would ruin my life again.Obscure jokes aside, this game is a gem that more people should know about. Fantastic stealth gameplay, and a somewhat clever AI make doing a completely stealth playthrough of the game entertaining, but difficult. Definitely a must play, especially for those who love infiltration games.Quick tip: Save often. The autosaves are few, and far between each other. One missed jump might mean a restart of the entire zone.Don't torture yourself the way I did! Ooops."
,Recommended,242640,24616864,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TheSuppafly,"Styx: Master of Shadows - 8/10I came into this game right after playing Of Orcs and Humans, right off the bat you can see that this is not a B list game; the developers have put a lot of effort into making this as close to a AAA as possible.I've not played many pure stealth games before; even in the games in which you're given a stealthy option I always was going guns blazing. In Styx it's stealth or bust; but that's not a bad thing as the stealth elements are satisfying.Combat is frowned upon; Styx is usually at a disadvantage when it comes to dueling opponents.  To make matters worse the racket sparked from weapons colliding will usually attract other enemies which will have no qualsm in pincussioning you with throwing daggers while you try to block your opponent.So you're left with the stealth option. There will always be more than one way to get past areas, some easier some harder. Slowly trying to make your way through, killing and hiding corpses or just slipping by.Mechanics wise, the movement is pretty crisp. The only problems I've had was with jumping/hanging on to ledges.Story-wise this is a prequel to Of Orcs and Humans and answers some of the questions that're raised in the game.It is also a lot better written and paced.My favorite part of the game was:Carrying the sidequest corpse through the area without being seen.Least favorite part of the game:Final boss battle, really annoying to not be able to finish it in a stealthy manner. Having to rely on just fighting your way through."
,Recommended,242640,17127990,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,rmz,"Styx is an excellent stealth game. It reminds me of all those Tenchu games that I had a blast playing ages ago. Be aware this is a STEALTH game. You can mass murder everything, but if you have to fight two or more enemies at once you're almost certainly dead. Due to that simple fact the combat is almost non-existant, and that's a good thing.The game should take about 20 or so hours, but as there are secondary missions plus several insignias to get for each level - no killing, gettting all items, etc. - and it's rather impossible to get everything in one run the incentive for replaying the levels is there.  The level design is very nice, with levels not covering huge ground, but spanning horizontally and vertically with many ways to get to mission targets.The story is quite interesting, but the cutscenes are underwhelming, only static drawings with voiceovers. Still, the game is extremely fun and if you are a fan of stealth games then you definetely want to try Styx."
,Recommended,242640,33284186,Posted: 5 July,all,wdb-wookie1,"I am a 'huge' fan of stealth games. I started with the originalDeus Ex, then foundThief Gold. I have followed those games into the most recent productions. Styx falls well into that genre and in some ways, exceeds the newer episodes ofDeus Exand the most recent episode of Thief. It has a good story line, and in my opinion, an excellent stealth foundation. It is another game I look forward to playing again and again, trying different methods through each playthrough. I am also looking for the sequel,Styx, Shards of Darkness."
76561198077948736,Not Recommended,242640,35255619,Posted: 27 September,all,mulisk,"I found the game to be quite fun starting out with it ,but as time went on it just starts to decline until it just became a chore to complete. By the end of it all, there are more cons that outweigh the pros and it just makes it an overal unenjoyable experience.I'll start with level design. I find the leels to be similar to dishonored where you have a large area with multiple ways to approach a situation andcollectibles to find. But there's a lot that Styk misses out on. First off, the collectibles are very spread out and hard to find, having small coins that are hard to spot where there are 30-40 on each level. These levels are already really long so I imagine it being a huge pain to actually go out of your way to collect ALL the coins, although you do get more skill points for doing it (I think). The levels are also made in a way where it's best to avoid enemies often instead of taking them all on, as there can be about a hundred enemies per mission. The biggest problem with level design is that halfway through the game, they make you go back and do EVERY LEVEL BACKWARDS. I'm not joking; you have to go from the jail cells all the way back to where you did the first mission and it's HALF THE GAME. You go from A  to B, and then back to A. This makes the game way longer than it should be (took me 20 hours to beat the game, started to get tired after 15).The story is ok. I can't really explain my issues about it without spoiling it so I'd say skip this paragraph if you haven't played and are reading reviews. For a long time I had no idea what the full objective of the game really was; just something to do with the heart of the tree because ""Styx"" couldn't remember much. I was actuallyreally interested at the plot twist halfway through when you find out your playing the clone and that the real Styx has been giving you orders the whole time. But then it started to get confusing because Styx and Rakesh (I'll just call the clone Rakesh since it's what Styx refers to him as) look and sound basically the same other than some scars on Styx's face. It took me the rest of the next mission to figure out if I was even playing as Rakesh or Styx, and even then there were some inconsistancies (such as when Ozkan frekas out when you return to the hideout, despite the fact that you've been working with him for 3 or 4 missions [Also they say multiple times that he's blind but he's suddenly able to see Rakesh]) The end was also anti-climactic. No boss fight, just kill a couple of clones and then it's done with a cutscene. Very uneventful conclusion between the scuffle of Rakesh and Styx.Gameplay. As I stated in my first paragraph, I did enjoy the ability to have multiple ways to approach a situation. There were some glitches with hitboxes (especially the ogres and amber cockroaches, they need to be fixed badly). I like the ability to have a skilltree as well, but I feel that the entire 'kill' skilltree is unnecessary as it's all something you should already have as abilities when starting the game; being able to pull people down from ledges, attacking from above, attacking from around corners.By FAR my biggest issue is with enemy types. As the game goes on, more and more enemies are introduced to the game. Enemies in a stealth game should provide a new challenge without becoming more difficult, so as to not make the game too challenging. This can make it so that certain options may not be feasible to get past a section due to a new obstacle. What does this game do wrong? HALF THE ENEMIES IN THE GAME CAN KILL YOU IN ONE HIT!!! I'm not even kidding. Enemies that can kill you in one hit are; Knights, Ogers, Elves, Crossbowmen with poison arrows, and amber cockroaches (they technically can since they're melee attack can chain you and you can't excape from it). Enemies that CAN'T kill you in one hit; Standard Guards, regular crossbowmen, clones, workers of any sort, doomed, and possesors. This makes it so that even if you're playing on the easiest difficulty that the game can be INSANELY hard. Especially by the last mission where they have almost only elves who can one hit you AND sense you without needing to see you.I find it hard to recommend this game to someone. If you get it on a good sale then it might be worht picking up. I payed ~$5 for it and I did have some fun, but it was stressful by the end. There seems to be a large lack of tesitng done to evaluate the game before release, especially in terms of bugs. It might be a reasonable to get this when it's on sale, but I can't give it a thumbs up when it's at full price."
76561198133346850,Recommended,242640,16327057,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kifa,"UPDATE-Game is on sale for under $8, buy it now, so much fun, you wont regret it. I already bought a few copies and gave it to friends-Absolutely recommend this game, I love it alot, it is a nice change from some of the current ""stealth"" games. Many interesting aspects about this game make it come alive and compell you to keep playing. The obvious complaint about this game is the combat, but I like it personally. It makes it more intense and realistic sort of, if you just barge in and try to kill everyone you will get overrun. You have to play a little smarter and come up with the best senario for the situation at hand. Sometimes it's necisarry to be reckless and take on 5+ gaurds at once. Its a thrilling game and I'm sure you will enjoy it.Pros:Great stealth gameplayHundreds of ways to tackle a single situationGood Replay valueGreat story to go along with such a good gameDifficult and worthy challenge to those who love this genreCons:Some may not like the combat systemVery long missions with few save points(If you're a perfectionist like me and try doing 100% every mission dying once and starting all over is somewhat annoying)Difficult game at timesSmall mistakes will often be your downfall"
,Recommended,242640,24316251,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Rokin,"Styx: Master of Shadows has some sweet stealth action, good level design, interesting cloning mechanic and just a really cool goblin. It also has a clumsy story and occasional bugs"
76561197988549978,Recommended,242640,28407439,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bakterium,"This is how a stealth game should be. You need to be stealthy otherwise you'll get punished with an unforgiving quick-time fight that will mostly end with your death. I liked the setting and the  optional objectives in every level, they added a ton of play time due to the mentioned fight mechanics. I really enjoyed this title can't wait for the second installment."
,Recommended,242640,16027075,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,KamaCrazy,Gameplay is slightly boring but this is fun when you just want to mess around.
76561198134223364,Recommended,242640,15778981,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Th4yl0g,Stealth at it's finest! It's a little unforgiving in it's controls. No sticking to ledges and crap. If you don't like a game that can give you a challenge then maybe you don't want this one.
,Recommended,242640,15990958,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Panzer,"I have played this game a lot more than my hours would indicate, on someone else's copy, approximately 20 hours when writing this.This is an excellent stealth game in so many ways. The graphics is not overly impressive but functional and runs very smoothly at a solid 60 fps on a decent computer. The story is good and it's got the most original protagonist you've seen in a long time, the atmosphere is excellent and you really start to feel for the little goblin. But the game mechanics is where this game really shines. This is made for gamers by gamers, a super smooth engine that just does things right. The gaming media basically gave it mediocre scores because it was not Assassins Creed, but the critics failed to recognize what a brilliantly balanced game this is. It's challenging yet hardly ever annoying. There are many little details that are just right, like you can save anywhere you want and very solid controls. Personally I prefer this game over Dishonored, mostly because of the atmosphere and level design.Also, the so called ""game breaking bug"" isn't. It is extremely rare that it happens, never happened to me, and as long as you keep more than one save game you are safe so don't freak out about that.For fans of fantasy stealth games this title is well worth a buy at full price and a steal on a sale."
,Recommended,242640,14940465,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Faizyr,"beautiful , sleek and a true stealth game."
76561198079880193,Recommended,242640,16684492,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kitsune,"This game is amazing.Good graphics, amazing story of our goblin from Of Orcs and Men and unique gameplay.Its worth playing"
76561197985430650,Recommended,242640,14189538,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bad Sushi,An underrated joyous throwback to the stealth days of old with a likable protagonist and impressive level design.
,Recommended,242640,17867816,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,MrJenssen,"Cyanide’s fantasy games tend to be a bit hit and miss for me, and although their heart is in the right place, their games tend to miss more often than they hit, overall. Fortunately, Styx: Master of Shadows seems to be the exception to the rule. Their latest attempt is a third-person stealth game—a loose prequel to Of Orcs And Men—that harkens back to the days of the old Thief franchise, when stealth games were hard, and a single mistake could cost you your life.The first thing that I noticed is how original the game’s universe seems. The very fact that you take control of a goblin is in and of itself incredibly non-cliché. And the characters, locations, and events you encounter rarely fit into any sort of overly stereotypical category. It’s a refreshing change of pace for a fantasy game. The level design is generally quite open, the various mechanics work well for the most part, and the story is interesting even if some of the voice acting is questionable. Being a Cyanide game, however, it’s not quite without its issues, the most glaring of which is the combat. Similar to Garrett of the Thief franchise, Styx isn’t a very capable fighter. When you engage in combat, you’re locked in a duel with a single enemy. After parrying his attacks a number of times, you’re able to go in for the kill. While you two are duking it out, other enemies can join in and stab you in the back. Eleven times out of ten, this will lead to your death.Now, that’s not a problem in and of itself; it actually makes sense, as Styx is significantly smaller than most of his opponents. Just avoid combat then, right? Well, that’s the issue. If you get too close to alerted enemies, you will automatically be forced into combat, with no way of escaping. For a game that actively encourages you to stick to the shadows and avoid direct confrontation, it’s an extremely illogical and occasionally infuriating design choice to lock the player into combat in this manner. Luckily, the quick-save feature helps keep the tedium from building up too much, and in the end it’s more of a minor nuisance rather than a game-breaking problem. Beyond that, Styx is a competent stealth game that manages to compete with big budget contemporaries—and it’s sold at half the price. If you’ve been on the hunt for another hardcore stealth game, then you’ll get a lot of bang for your buck with Styx: Master of Shadows. It is, funnily enough, a lot better than the game it’s supposed to be a prequel to."
,Recommended,242640,12547420,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Azathoth,"After the major disappointment that was Thief, I didn't have high hopes for Styx as I haven't played a great stealth game in quite a while.  I am very happy to say that this is a real stealth game.  You play as an old Goblin and must sneak, steal and assassinate your way through impressively large levels.The protagonist is interesting enough.   I thought I wouldn't like the accent, but I think after playing for a while I ended up thinking it was quite unusual and suited the style of the game well.  Where the game truly shines is in level design.  Other stealth games often say there are many ways to make your way to your goal and most of them blatantly lie.  Styx offers numerous pathways and when repeating levels, I would suddenly notice better ways of completing the level.  If you look around, take your time and plan ahead, then you can make it to the end of the level without making a sound.  This is what I look for in a stealth game.  I want to be able to avoid all combat and get through that room with half a dozen enemies on patrol.  Thankfully Styx is able to offer this through it's impressive vertical level design.  This makes the game easy to recommend to stealth fans.There have been complaints about the ledge detection in the game.  Of course this is from people who are very familiar with the likes of Assassins Creed and the Arkham games.  It could have been a bit better in this game, but I'm happy that it wasn't as simple as the likes of Assassins Creed.  It meant that I had to time my movements and that just increased the challenge of the game.  The controls are great and are explained well in the tutorial.The combat is pretty terrible, but again this is something that I didn't really mind.  When playing on the highest difficulty, you are killed before being given the chance to fight your enemies and this is why I must recommend you play on the highest difficulty.  This will allow you to play the stealth game and not worry about combat situations.  This isn't Arkham City and you will not be able to fend off 10 enemies with ease.  You are an assassin and the combat only reinforces this.As far as negatives go, the AI isn't fantastic.  Like a lot of stealth games, you have very forgetful enemies who will return to normal paths after investigating disturbances.  These enemies will usually carry their weapons and will be harder to pass which is obviously a good thing.  Character models aren't great, but I would rather have Styx gameplay over Thief graphics.  Finally, the voice acting of non main characters isn't great.  Minor issues that do not detract from an excellent stealth title.Open levels, multiple pathways, challenging difficulty and a major focus on stealth.  I can only recommend Styx: Master of Shadows to stealth enthusiasts and to anyone who was very disappointed in the likes of Thief and wants to experience a real stealth game."
76561198141291043,Recommended,242640,30166909,Posted: 25 February,all,Evance,this is best assassination game ever i played (this game is better than assassin's creed)1. control is simple2. good aiex) keep looking for styx after he gone3. map is so large and detailed
,Recommended,242640,12499816,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Shakermaker,"I'm just five or six hours in, so this is by no means a definitive (or exhaustive) review, but I have enjoyed my time with Styx so far immensely. It's pure stealth, so no fighting nonsense. Another positive are the beautifully designed levels with loads of verticality.  Plus it's hard. Thank god for quicksave."
,Recommended,242640,26561705,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,og gangster,"plays out like a third person dishonored with less choices, pretty cool"
76561198041007076,Recommended,242640,16071116,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BlackIce,"No idea how many hours deep, but this game is both epicly fun and epicly frustrating, i recomend the highest difficulty setting. its a great time, tons of laughs, and well you either like thief or you dont. Its a sneaky stabby ghosty mayhem of blood and jumping. oh, lots of jumping n climing n fun fun fun...get it :D"
76561198117691736,Recommended,242640,23830844,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RyerStar,"One of the best stealth games, Styx truely is a master of shadows.The game focuses entirely on avoiding confrontation. Combat is basedaround a one-on-one mechanic, but multiple enemies can attack you atonce, so being sneaky is the way to go. To facilitate this stealthy approach,the games levels are expertly designed. They are of a non-linear design, withmultiple paths to completing objectives. The game itself is broken up intoseverel missions, with one level serving as a hub and base of operations.Each mission, along with its main objectives, features optional ones tomake things more interesting. Styx, on his part, has several skills, likeenhansed vision that highlights objects of interest, a cloning ability,limited invisibility, and several different assassinations, to help himtakle objectives. Missions also come with a set of fourchallanges: no kills, no detection, all collectibles and a speed run.The only downside of the game is its graphics. It's not bad, just decent.But don't let that push you away from a great game, especially if youenjoy the stealth genre."
76561198037523968,Recommended,242640,30147954,Posted: 24 February,all,happymann,"So worth it on sale!  Rich, diverse world, nice control scheme all good."
,Recommended,242640,26532928,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NukaPooka,So played for two hours and can i say this is one amazing game. I wanted a nice chill game to play with stealth and well pushing people of ledge. What more can a girl ask for.The story so far is really interesting and wonderfully written and DAMN STYX IS BADASS!
,Recommended,242640,12576924,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Pink Guy,"Hardcore stealth game, great gameplay, awesome maps and missions. 5/5"
76561197970419701,Recommended,242640,22638367,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Yoke,"Great stealth game, probably best stealth game I've played since Mark of the Ninja about 2years~ ago. There isn't a huge amount of stealth games being made anymore, and when they are they are turned into an open-world fiasco to try get more sales on the consoles(Thief, MGS5).Proper stealth mechanics and countless fun and inventive ways to kill humans and dirty elves.And after the total after-birth that MGS5 was its nice to play a real stealth game again, washed away the taint of that turd of a game nicely."
,Recommended,242640,25421970,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,cheleryuken,Feels like MGS for PS1 And I liked it!
76561198250687860,Recommended,242640,25424729,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,HoSnX,Who say the game is bad???♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?
,Recommended,242640,29486827,Posted: 25 January,all,Tenchiken,"Wonderful, omnidirectionally cruel stealth action, where you never waste your time with pathetic non-lethal approach, KILLING EVERYONE INSTEAD!Omnidirection means, though, that game ishardon player as well. Controls are leaving a bit to be desired. If you want to hang off the ledge, you will will rather fall off it, and will unavoidably hang and jump back up in attempts to drop off it. Also game spams packs of mindless patrolling enemies in tight spaces, forcing you to disassemble those beds of snakes one by one, like a chinese puzzle box, only with forced precise timing.And special prize of hatred goes to the last boss. It's... inhumane, both literally and figuratevely.But ignore this senile rant! This game, with all of it's flaws, is a marvel. Marvel of castles of♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks sometimes, but marvel nonetheless. It's atmosphere is thick enough to dice it and eat bit by bit and gameplay is structured like a blitz party of chess where you can play with one knight only."
76561198132248586,Recommended,242640,30101601,Posted: 22 February,all,Hexagoons,The only stealth game i ve found so far which is REALLY based on stealth
,Recommended,242640,29432913,Posted: 22 January,all,Creep (Subby),"A true stealth game to the core, Styx is for those who are big fans of the stealth genre. The story is ok, nothing special, but the look of the game is one of its strong suits. The gameplay is where the heart of the game is, as it should be for a game like this. The combat system pretty much only allows you to have a 1v1 but if you try fighting a group you will be in trouble, but thats not the way the game is meant to be played.In short, great game for Stealth fans, goes on sale a lot so maybe wishlist and pick it up on the cheap."
,Recommended,242640,30363598,Posted: 6 March,all,Black Eyes,"Me myself is a fan of a Stealth Game. For me, this game is just perfect to be called a good stealth game. Eventhough you think this game is not that good, i must say that this game is worth to try. This game is just perfect ^^"
,Recommended,242640,24330211,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Lymanity,"Great third-person stealth game. It's a little buggy and the controls are a little too loose sometimes, but for the most part the game is massively enjoyable and challenging."
,Recommended,242640,16056818,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,🌸𝕽𝖔𝖞𝖆𝖑🌸,"Styx Master of Shadows is a very cool game, and it might even be the best stealth game I've ever played. I really think you should consider playing this game. It is well balanced and it has lots of variation in cool aspects and gameplay. The only problem, it is really hard."
76561198048908940,Recommended,242640,12536651,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Rile Slapcheek,A game that adequetly describes what its like to be my younger brother apparently.
,Recommended,242640,17317627,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Omar,"Styx: Master of Shadows is an amazing stealth games. I rank this game alongside MGS and Splinter cell. While this game is small in scale in many ways, they have got the principle of stealth right. And those are big levels, multiple paths to objectives and smart AI.The gameplay is solid. The problems of hit detection and ledge clamping and dropping have been fixed now it is smooth as ever.I highly suggest you pick up this game it took me around 20 hours to beat it .I will go back and replay some missions to get mercy points [no kills] achievement on every mission."
,Recommended,242640,19400368,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Guy,Styx: Master of Shadows is open world stealth game that lets you choose how to traverse the world you are given and many many ways. the story is charming and the characters are interesting. The game is quite difficult though if your caught its quite punishing so if you dont have alot of patience to scope out a situation for more then 2 minutes i dont think you should play this game rushing has no reward for the impatiant. i give this game a 8 out of 10. I look forward to the sequel.
76561198004518348,Recommended,242640,23797054,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cookie,"Very well made, nice story and great stealthaction. Only thing I would have wished different is some more layouts of the places you play in. But I guess it's like this because you play in a big place with the same architecht :PI really recommend this game!"
,Recommended,242640,17032129,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Tiller,"One of my new favorite stealth games. The stealth gameplay is solid and the level design is well thought out. It would not be an exaggeration to say that there are hundreds of ways to complete each section. You are given the tools to complete each area, but how you choose to do so is completely up to you. The story kept me interested all the way through, and for those that have played Of Orcs and Men you'll enjoy to learn the backstory of the goblins and Styx.The Goblin difficulty level can be a bit frustrating, but it is definitely satisfying when you do everything right. As stated before, there are many different paths you can take, so if you find one isnt working out repeatedly you can always think of some other approach. I'd reccommend playing it on that difficulty, as the action combat really isnt that great and I'd rather just die and load my game than have to deal with it.Adding to the depth of the game is the skill system. As you progress you get points that can be used to unlock skills that are all fairly useful. You'll find as you go on that certain skills really mesh with how you like to play the game and you'll be using them frequently.As you near the end of the game levels do become reused. I was disappointed with this at first, but the layout and type of npcs are radically different the second time around. I ended up finding paths I didnt even know existed as I tried to maneuver around the level. I never felt like I was just repeating the same thing like in other games that do this back tracking.All in all it's a very fun game and I'd reccommend it to anyone that enjoys stealth games that actually WANT you to use stealth, unlike some of the games that have been released in the past few years under this genre."
,Recommended,242640,12611217,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,[Razgriz 1] Jack The Ripper,"Excellent stealth game. Completely met my expectations and more from watching trailers. Way more fun than recent AAA stealth games (Dishonored, Splinter Cell, etc.). There are some rough edges like bad lip-sync, some textures being low quality, and some bugs with skills but this doesn't impact the overall experience too much."
,Recommended,242640,17115501,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Zelren,"Being a goblin has never been better, vomit, drink viles, pour viles, vomit again, vomit a clone and run from enemies becuase your inept at fighting. The game is surprisingly hard once you half way through. I gave up when  got 75% through. It does however, feel good to be in Styx's shoes and he is a great character. I mean, first friend he meets ""better pickpocket him"". I wouldn't spend more than $20, because it is pretty repetative for $30. If your looking for a jump in stab everyone and a civilian's cat, then look somewhere else. If you want to be a stealthy assassin that NPC's hate, then this is for you and me."
,Recommended,242640,18593883,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Adamaeus,"Stealth-action games are some of my very favorite. I discovered the genre with Metal Gear Solid back in the halcyon days of the PlayStation 1, and I've been addicted to sneaking around ever since. Recently I purchased Styx: Master of Shadows on sale...I really, really should have picked it up sooner.Styx is a stealth-action title powered by Unreal Engine 3; the protagonist is a magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ goblin named Styx, voiced by Saul Jephcott. His vocal delivery is gravelly, sarcastic, caustic, and entertaining, fits the character perfectly really. The atmosphere is a mix of high-fantasy and steampunk, and there's plenty to do in the Tower of Akenash.GAMEPLAY:Styx: Master of Shadows is a true stealth-action title. It's important for the player to look for multiple avenus of approach to a goal, and stay quiet, and silent, throughout. If you get caught, you're going to face multiple opponents, and they're probably gonna kick your♥♥♥♥♥ This is a truly challenging, sometimes punishing, game. Fortunately, there are lots of ways you can maneuver throughout a level: Styx is nothing if not acrobatic, and you can almost always find a vertical path that circumnavigates the enemies.It's not like you're totally disempowered, though: Styx's main weapon is a badass-looking dagger, and this is supplemented by the ability to generate a clone you can take direct control of to distract, and harass, sentries. You can also scoop up mounds of sand to chuck at torchlights to put 'em out. As you progress, your abilities improve; the stealthier you are, the more points you get to turn Styx into a true master of the shadows. You're always outnumbered and you're often outgunned, but play stealthfully, and you'll never have to raise your dagger.MUSIC AND SOUND:The score is atmospheric but not really memorable. It's suitably dramatic when you're caught, and moody when it needs to be. The sound design is fantastic, everything sounds very dimensional and contributes to making the game's levels really come to life. The voice work is good throughout, although not without a few errors. In one instance, an actor misreads a word and says ""consummation"" instead of ""consumption""; amusing, but not worse than, say, ""this guy are sick"". Saul Jephcott does a great job making our little green assassin feel alive.VISUALS:I'm afraid that there will be many people who will turn their nose up at this game because it doesn't look hyperrealistic. How awful! The visuals are consistent and detailed; the facial animations are a bit wanting, but the movement of the player and enemies are smooth. I occasionally noticed some static meshes clipping into each other, but it's honestly not so distracting I couldn't enjoy the game; the aesthetic on display here is simple, clean, and undistracting. I should also mention that the game runs beautifully on my system, which, admittedly, isn't high-end. (Radeon r7 370, Windows 7x64, 8GB RAM.)OVERALL:If you enjoy stealth-action titles that have genuine, and not artificial, difficulty, then you should pick this game up. Even if you don't normally like fantasy titles, you'll be able to appreciate this game's play mechanics and unique game environment. There's a sequel coming out in 2016, and I can't wait to get my hands on it for another go-round as the Master of Shadows. This game is a lovely contrast to something like, say, Deus Ex, or Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain. Give it a chance, you'll fall in love!"
,Recommended,242640,16983233,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Ain't no thang but an onyan rang.
,Recommended,242640,16269803,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Centurion Yareyous,"I really enjoyed the stealth elements of this game! The gameplay is some of the best I've played sinse the original Thief games. The game looks pretty and the music is decent.  My main issue is that it is needlessly long. Towards the end you have to play levels that you have already beaten again. Normally when playing I like to clear out all of the enemies as a challenge but on the levels where the maps are reused, I just tried to get through those as quickly as possible. Overall it is a good experience."
76561198033990569,Recommended,242640,18168559,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Saloh Cin,Excellent game. Loved every minute of it.
76561198004810455,Recommended,242640,16925527,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Kazuma,Enjoyed playing it. Good stealth game.+Level Design+Stealth Gameplay+RPG Elements+Story-Low Res Textures-Visiting Same Levels
,Recommended,242640,17899877,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,UndyingSurf,"Styx: Master of Shadows is old school stealth through and through. With impeccable level design, smooth controls, a dastardly yet likeable protagonist and a surprisingly enthralling storyline, it's a great game thats rock hard to play right but rewards greatly those who do. Its also marvellously fun to play.You are the game's namesake, Styx, a little goblin who's been caught trying to access an important magical power source, the 'Heart of the Tree'. You start the story being interrogated by the Humans and, through flashbacks, are able to tell them how you managed to make it so far undetected. The story sounds like a simple heist and uncovering-of-a-consiparacy tale though it twists and turns in ways that are surprisingly effective at throwing off any pre-conceptions.The gameplay is very Thief-like, except its obviously third person rather than first. It lessens the immersion factor slightly but you'll not really notice, as you sneak around massive labyrinthine complexes completing primary and secondary objectives, stealing the many golden coins serving as the game's main collectible and overhearing the relentlessly braindead gabble from guards and workmen. Occasionally, you may overhear of people talking of hidden stashes which you can locate and raid, often by following the person who exposed their little secret.As you navigate the often lofty environments, there are many opportunities to find tucked away passages helping you bypass particularly busy sections that are hard to cross undetected. Compared to Dishonored, a game with a similar amount of complexity in its level design, these are not frequently found and most of the time, you'll have to sneak across the more dangerous sections using just your wits and your limited arsenal of equipment (and have a finger over F5).Your equipment comprises of physical items such as throwing knives - perfect for distant kills and dislodging chandeliers to cause distractions or to kill the game's more resilient enemies - and magic. Magic (known as 'amber' in game) allows you to turn invisible, see things in a orange highlight and create clones. These little fellas can help you traverse areas Styx is unable to go and serve as great little distraction toys. Guards can be lured from their patrols by a clone, leaving you to sneak on by, or you can use them to mask your escape if they become alerted by turning them into smoke bombs.The game has a degree of combat should you get caught, though it's not exactly an ideal scenario. Basically, it puts you in a position where you are locked into a duel with another, often much stronger, individual. Time it right with the left mouse button and you'll parry. Do this several more times and you'll have the option to kill them. It takes practice getting it right but the worst thing is that you can't flee from it once it happens. You either have to get it right or get killed (the latter often being the best choice, assuming you've been saving plenty - it IS a stealth game after all!)Combat isn't the best option of covering your tracks once spotted. The system is more trouble than its worth, bringing nearly all the enemies in your vicinity running to end your sorry little life. If a body is found, the guards will be on high alert, with heightened senses and investigating susceptible hiding spots like chests, closets and underneath tables. Playing Styx well means saving often, planning your every movement across risky areas, staying in the shadows and, even within shadows, staying still when enemies move closer to you. You also need to use equipment wisely - you can only carry a maximum of three of each, even then with skill points invested.Skill points are earnt completing objectives and performing feats. These include 'ghosting' a level, not killing anyone, completing the level within a certain time limit and collecting all the coins. They encourage different ways of playing and allow the levels to be very replayable. They are replayable to an extent but, mostly for story reasons, the latter half of them are the first ones but in reverse. It's a bit of a downer, especially since the early levels showed much promise of greater variation later on but it's a sacrifice on the story front - itself a worthy reason to pick this game up - and the game isn't harmed by it in terms of dimininishing the challenge presented to you as the game progresses. On the contrary, the new and even more lethal enemies turn up to make Styx's journey that bit harder, and areas devoid of enemies in the beginning are often full of them when you return.Final points; the voice acting across the board is above average, and Styx's VA is fantastic. The soundtrack is also good, fitting the mood of the different (though not numerous) environments to a tee. The game supports controllers if you find the keyboard and mouse controls too cumbersome, especially for the platforming which, while perfectly serviceable with KBM, is clearly designed for a joystick in mind.Despite a few flaws in its design, Styx: Master of Shadows delivers the goods of providing old school, hardcore stealth to the new generation. It's not quite Thief or Hitman tier but it certainly gives modern stealth-em-ups like Dishonored a run for their money. In fact, as much as I love Dishonored and the fact that it's toted as Thief's 'spiritual successor', I'd be willing to give Styx that honour instead.8.5/10"
,Recommended,242640,12475942,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Baron,Game is bretty gud 10/10 stealth game in a genre that has been neutered with a spade recently. Ignore complaints about combat/platforming the people making those are casuals who were babbified by asscreed. You wanna choose Goblin difficulty for the best experience.
76561198027517385,Recommended,242640,12471658,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,bgm.1,"I really wasn't sure about buying this game, but I did , and I'm glad to say it wasn't a disapointment . I'm using a mouse and keyboard and haven;t had any problems , you must like stalth to enjoy the  game . I read that the graphics wasn't particularly good , but in fact they are fine, there'splenty of climbing and alternative routes to explore and always endless guards to get past. As you progress into the game you earn skill points which are used to up grade Styx making the character less vunerable and able to do some interesting things ....like clone himself. I think there could be a bright future for this chacter .especially if they made him more of a warrior (perhaps) . For the price it's good value."
,Recommended,242640,17946316,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ChillyWizard,Brilliantly sneaky! Styx is an excellent character set in an unusual story line. The setting and mapping layout of the levels is very complicated and detailed allowing for multiple ways for the gamer to progress each stage. It's been a while since I played a game with such an atmosphere.
,Recommended,242640,27972421,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Raidey,"Styx has a lot of clunkiness to it, but at it's core it's a fantastic, challenging stealth game... if you're willing to grit your teeth and bear some of the less savory aspects of it.The AI's not great and they often get stuck on each other as well as level geometry.Sometimes you'll end up missing jumps that you think you should be able to make.You can hide bodies in wardrobes and chests, but this doesn't seem to be particularly useful, as enemies typically only have very short patrol patterns and don't usually stray far from their route unless alerted to your presence. All you really have to do is move the bodies out of their path.The animations don't always look great. For example, sometimes when Styx is 'muffling' a guard while killing him, he puts his hands over the guard's... eyes? Yeah, we don't want his screams to escape his eyelids.Yet for all its problems, Styx can still be extremely fun, like many other stealth games. Studying enemy patrols, assessing the layout of the map, and trying to plan out how you're going to navigate the area safely is an extremely rewarding process. I was pleasantly surprised by how large some areas felt, and how there were often different paths the game gives you. You can take the long way by sneaking in the shadows, finding hidden vents, and bypassing as many guards as possible, or you could try to weave your way in and out of their patrol paths, or by using skills like cloning to create distractions and traps for them.You can also get skills and upgrades for Styx by completing missions, challenges, and side objectives a la Dishonored. Pretty much standard stuff in this day and age, but the nice thing is that you can go back and replay earlier missions with the skills you've acquired over the course of the playthrough. It's fun to go back and play the same level, but with more tools at your disposal and additional ways to tackle the challenge.Not only that, but the story is also interesting. It focuses primarily on Styx's backgrounds and personal motivations, and he truly is an interesting character. To explain in any more detail would require me to get dangerously close to spoiler territory, but believe me when I say that the story plays out from an interesting perspective, and should keep you engaged and wanting more after each mission. Also, Styx's voice is a delight to listen to.If you like Dishonored, Theif, or similar titles, you should at the very least, try Styx. As of this review, it's on sale for $7.49, which is a great deal for the amount of enjoyment... and challenge... and frustration that can be had from this game."
,Recommended,242640,17909227,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DiGiTaL CLeaNeR,"I could see how this game might get a bad wrap but, if you really give this game a chance, that is you learn all the knit picky nuances of the combat system and using the climbing system, special moves and jumping around, it's a really fun stealth game. I can't stop playing even though I whisper, WTF! Quite often trying to get the timing right or when my character gets stuck inside a dead npc  or something. If you like stealth games that allow you to actually be a bad♥♥♥♥♥ this is a great game. My dude is bad♥♥♥♥♥when killing from cover or death from above. I hardly use magic at all.I really like the level design and the goblin graphic. I'm a huge goblin fan and I think they nailed the look and movement. The voice, well I doubt a goblin is 1950's gangster from philly. Overall the gameplay is really fun. I don't know if this will be a one time play through or not, but probably will.Cons:*Combat system is rigid, as in sometimes you can do something and seemingly other times you can't. It's not reliable until you really learn exactly how to do certain things and under what circumstances. Some things like the special moves (pulling enemies down while I'm hanging) don't work at all for me.*AI is meh, ok. Nothing to write home about but it could be better.*Controls are limited*There are bugs like your character or NPC bodies getting stuck in the walls with bad clipping with ragdoll dynamics.Ultimately, this game is 8 out of 10 in my opinion. I am glad I bought it."
,Recommended,242640,16909692,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Yellow|RO,Awesome game!
,Recommended,242640,16837818,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Kamiya,"I didn't play Styx via my Steam library; I used my Xbox One, but the versions are essentially the same.  I highly recommend this game; the story, the pace, and the varied choices on how objectives are completed made it the perfect type of game for me.  After I beat the game I went back to get all the achievements that I missed on the first, and then the second go arounds (complete the game without being detected, finish the game without killing anyone).  Playing the game to achieve those more difficult accomplishments kept the game fresh.  If you have a controller, I think it would be best played using that.I could go on and on about Styx, but I won't, except to say that the game still resonates with me even several months after completing it.  I really wish I could play it again for the first time.  It is definitely worth both your time and your money."
,Recommended,242640,12483789,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,The_fuzz_buzz,"Styx. Where do I start... Well, lets start with him actually. Styx is a strangely lovable little goblin, who has a knack for stealth, quick hands, and is good with his beloved dagger. He has a bit of a mouth on him, which I don't care for, and honestly seems unessasary. The stealth mechanics in this game are honestly some of the best I've ever played. You aren't invisible when you go into the shadows, just harder to see. You can't get away from enemies very well, since you're only a little guy, and you are just good enough in combat to fend off a lone attacker. So yes, this game is all about stealth. Now the levels. The levels are pretty dang big, and give you a mulitude of options to take into consideration when polaying them out. Something I really love is the difficulty of the game. I'm playing on normal right now, (there are two harder modes above that) and I've gotten stuck tons of times. Not stuck as in I didn't know where to go, but stuck as in I didn't know how to proceed. I was hiding under a table for fifteen minutes once trying to figure out the best way to get away from the guards. It's a wonderfully made game, lovely graphics, and fantastic mechanics. I'd say it gets a high rating of 8.5/10."
,Recommended,242640,13633319,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,this-maciek-moment,"Great stealth mechanics, a fair amount of variety in viable mission approaches, and huge, expansive levels. Lacks a little polish, but definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,242640,24095339,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,HELLruler,"Good enough, but overpricedStyx: Master of Shadows brings nothing new to the stealth genre. You use the shadows to avoid being seen, hide in corners, and even have a bit of magic to aid you (it's usage is limited, but that makes them not OP). On the other hand, this game is well worth playingThe maps are big, and there are lots of ways to get to where you must. Some things are hidden in the darkness, but exploring the areas a bit and finding new paths proves to be more rewarding than going straight to the objective (and easier as well)The stealth part gives me a mixed feeling. I finished the game on Goblin difficulty (the hardest one), and sometimes the AI works well, others you can sneak past just besides guards and they don't detect you, and there are times where enemies seem to have heat vision and can find you with no problemYou earn skill points after finishing each stage, and a few more for completing secondary objectives. There are some skill trees to improve various things, like amber vision (it works like night vision), clones, items, etc. All those upgrades are mostly minor changes, more like QoL improvements (so don't expect to feel OP at the end of the game)The story is actually surprising. You start the game trying to reach the Heart of the Tree, and it hits its climax after a few stagesOverall, Styx was an incredible experience for me. I would not pay $30, but grabbing it on a sale (it was $7.5 in the last sales) is a great deal"
,Recommended,242640,14887614,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Halflight,"Styx: Master of Shadows is a stealth-based game that allows you to control the titular goblin Styx during his effort to retrive a magical artifact, the heart of the Tree of Life, and solve his amnesia issues. It's actually a spin-off of an action RPG named Of Orcs and Men and takes place 200 years prior the event of said game.The gameplay of Styx revolves around navigating the current map in search of the exit to the next section or the special objective you are given, eith each mission featuring around three or four maps. Sometimes you are given secondary objectives (like getting a certain item or find the hidden relic in each mission), which make your life significantly harder but give also away bonus experience.The first and foremost thing that must be said about Styx: Master of Shadows is that the game is a stealth-based title to the core: Styx himself is a rather squishy protagonist that can't hold a candle to the legions of men and other creatures patrolling the various maps. In true stealth fashion, you are pretty much forced to sneak around and/or pick your enemies one by one quietly: you can also go for a pacifist walkthrough, if you so desire. Styx takes many feature from other traditional stealth-based games: you can blend into the shadows like in the Thief series (althought this makes you barely harder to catch, not completely invisible), use vantage points to better scout the area, throw lethal knives at your target without making much fuss, perform ledge and/or corner kills, ... Getting caught by an enemy will trigger a duel stance where you have to press a certain button at the right time and hope for an opening to kill him. While it's relayable to kill a lone guard, open combat will pretty much end in your death if you are facing multiple enemies (who will attack you in the meantime). Styx: Master of Shadows becomes increasingly difficult as the levels pass by and more dangerous enemies are introduced (for instance, you'll end up bumping into knights who can only be taken out by environmental hazards and stationary orc guards who will instalty kill you if you won't move around them quietly). Styx has actually multiple level of difficulty, but it will force you to stay on your toes even on normal.The two most unique gameplay features of Styx: Master of Shadows are your ability to create clones of yourself (whom you can directly control and use to either open passages or mess with the guards) and an experience system which allows you to invest in certain ability perks in-between missions. Your abilities are divided in separate talent trees and follow a ""unlock this first and then this one"" rule (save for a special tree that requires you to fill at least two other trees in order to unlock very powerful perks).While the character and level design of Styx: Master of Shadows is top-notch (albeit not too much advanced, graphics-wise), halfway through the game your mission will just lead you through areas you already visited, only you will navigate them backwards. While all the maps are so huge you won't feel much of a difference, more variety would had been most welcome. Aside from this issue, Styx has a nice flow to it, with a charming and funny protagonist and a surprisingly engaging story, even if you didn't bother at all with the original game.In short, Styx: Master of Shadows is an incredibly fun stealth-based game with better than average story and scenaries. I'd definitely reccomend it to the fans of the genre, any day"
76561198197810431,Recommended,242640,23881997,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,G0dtrAP,"Hardcore stealth game, if you play AC and think it's hard, just don't even try this game. The learning curve is incredibly steep and its easy to get detected. But, the game has really cool premise, the locations are also cool. The game is highly replayable and its pretty meaty.Cons: You end up backtracking some of the levels, but since you're doing them backwards they hardly feel the same.Recommend for hardcore stealth fans who appreciate a learning curve..."
76561198070299071,Recommended,242640,16984854,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,MONDODUKE,under rated much.
76561198076780111,Recommended,242640,18593463,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SlowSteadySqueeze,"If you're into stealth games this game is worth a buy. The art and design of the game is excellent. Its a very interesting twist on a stealth game being a goblin or any type of game for that matter. This game is for the true stealth enthusiast, you can play the game without being completely stealthy but it will be very challenging. A fight with any more than one soldier at a time could be your last, making stealth enthusiasts happy but if you like the assassin style games you will be equally happy since there are plenty of opportunities to put your dagger to use. I recommend it."
76561198032070879,Recommended,242640,20062599,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[MwM]Lord of the Fjords,"Very, very fun! Nerve-racking and skillful gameplay. There are various paths that you can take, like it suggests in the description, so even if you replay a level it could be very different. Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,242640,19534393,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dank Papa,One of the best steath game
76561198121084400,Recommended,242640,24553273,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Em ツ,Picked it up during the summer sale but would definitely pay the full price now that I have tried it.
76561198026416717,Recommended,242640,18741085,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,☭ Dagonner  ___¸.•'¯),"best stealth game ,cuz since 2005 its the first stealth game we have"
,Recommended,242640,12595715,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,BluePixelDemon,"This is a perfect stealth game after my taste. It's quite like the dishonored game, but with different skills. Just be aware that this is not a game you can fight your way out of, at least not on the hardest difficulti (Did never play a easier mode). Well worth a buy for sure"
,Recommended,242640,19227249,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Mayor,"I have only played for about an hour and I'm hooked. While it's not excellent in the graphics department (seems like it was made several years ago), the story is really interesting and the game is extremely fun to play. The controls are very smooth, which is perfect for creating a great stealth game. HIghly recommended."
76561198069616428,Recommended,242640,31724836,Posted: 13 May,all,BeefyBerts,Good stealth game
76561197997714049,Recommended,242640,23649402,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,DildoGuy,">Plays game for 10 hours>Achivement>""Mission 1, completed"">Did I mention I am bad at stealth?"
,Recommended,242640,23844327,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Greg,"This is an absolutely brilliant game. I haven't enjoyed a stealth game this much since Thief: Deadly Shadows in 2004. In fact, it's the ONLY game I've ever played that even compares to those first three Thief games.It's not one of those faux stealth games where staying out of sight is optional. If you get detected in Styx, there's an excellent chance you're going to die, which is how it should be. It's also a very original story, with some fun twists and turns.Your ability to spawn temporary clones that do your bidding is unlike anything I've seen before. It takes a while to really learn to take advantage of it, but it's a very powerful tool once you get the hang of it."
76561198188237067,Recommended,242640,22308057,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Zoozless,A great stealth game! Little bit annoying to hear the gaurds saying the same thing... but an enjoyable game with defferent paths to do your mission and to kill your enemies...Tip: Try to save in safe spot because there is no auto save in this game! :(8/10 Overall rate
76561198036415064,Recommended,242640,23878559,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,timothystulken,"This game was fun. A game should aim to be fun, and this game suceeds in that. I'm not going to rave about it being the best stealth game ever or anything like that. It was good. It felt good to complete missions and provided some satisfying stealth puzzles to solve. I wouldn't buy it for the full $30 (it's a little too dated graphics wise for that), but definitely buy it for anything over half off. You will certainly enjoy it too."
,Recommended,242640,29106611,Posted: 7 January,all,Alegator,"First let me state that I played this game as a new stealth fan coming from deus ex: human revolution and dishonored so I will be comparing the game to those. I played hitman games later but they do not really match with the gameplay of the former.1. The visuals. Are honestly not impressive. The game looks clunky at best but since the game levels are well designed and the graphics are stylized  it doesn't show after the first level and the game draws you in.2. The gameplay. Is by far the best part of the game and, in my opinion, overshadows the gameplay of dishonored and deus ex in regards of stealth. One notable exeption is that unlike those, Styx has no way to properly fight through situations after being spotted, the combat is terrible and there are some enemies that will kill you even without the minigame. However, the level design of Styx is far superior to it's competitors, in that you can finish the levels in about five different ways WITHOUT any upgrades, whereas in deus ex, any shortcut requires a different upgrade, and in dishonored, the routes you can take without upgrades are usually one or two, at most. Styx also earns points by being genuenly fun as a power fantasy, in that stalking and killing people is very fun and challenging and rewarding unlike deus ex wich, at least for me, made all the weapons and even the takedowns seem to have no weight or impact, and without messing itself up with morality like dishonored did. Instead, Styx balances out the level design with risk and reward, where the heavily guarded routes are the most obvious one and also the most expedient, but if you take the time to look around (Ususally up) you will find less expedient ways with more verticallity.  Another great thing about Styx is that the upgrades, while fun and cathartic, are not necessary, you can play the whole game without any of them if you take the right routes and not feel like you missed anything too important unlike Dishonored and Deus ex. Finally, as mentioned above, the pace is what you choose to make of the gameplay. It took me twenty hours for a full story completion with almost all the upgrades on my second playthrough, trying new things with traps and exploring new routes, and about nine hours for my first playthrough, missing about half the upgrades. Also one final thing, as always with modern stealth games the qicksave key is your true best friend.3. The story. It's allright, not aweful and confusing like the latter part of dishonored, not great and intersting like Deus ex. It does the job of keeping you interested in the universe and draws you in well enough, but not the meat and bones of the game, and certanly not what you'll remember after beating it."
,Recommended,242640,27866091,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AnonDogi,"Styx: Master of Shadows Brief ReviewThis is one of those games that just go under radar. It came out back in 2014 and it got recognized by a very small group of people. It's criminally underrated with excellent setting and visuals. It reminds me of Dishonored in a way with world design and the way you can complete certain missions.You play as Styx, the first Goblin, who wants to steal the heart of World-Tree set inside the Tower of Akenash for whatever reason. He's a master in the arts of stealth, thievery and murder. That's pretty much it. I would say that the story is very interesting with unique characters along the way. Styx also frequently comments on the surroundings using explicit language and it's really funny.Let's talk about gameplay now. I am a huge fan of stealth games and this game is really the best stealth game that came in years. The biggest problem that I have with it is that it's just not polished enough. You can clearly see that developers were missing funds to make this game even better. Animations are clunky, platforming elements can be really annoying sometimes and difficulty levels are not well balanced. Another thing I find funny is that everyone has the same voice.Bottom line is: If you enjoy stealth games in general, this is a must-buy. Just get it on sale for a reasonable price.Should you buy it now, wait for sale or never touch it? Wait for sale!"
76561198051350167,Recommended,242640,25520852,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ScurBurg,A very enjoyable gem of a stealth game that should be in everyones collection.
76561198076757867,Recommended,242640,20641715,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Damyel,"An amazing stealth game with perhaps the coolest spin on usual elf, goblin, orc, human generic fantasy genre.This game is BAD♥♥♥♥♥MAN!. (Styx is a spin off of the also fantastic RPG Of Orcs and Men, a prequel to be exact. I'd recomend playing Orcs and Men first simply because it fills out the lore better but you could play either in any order really)Verdict: Sharpen your knives, and clench your butt cheeks because Styx is on hell of a ride!P.S. I have a GTX 960 and the game would run perfectly smooth on max for about an hour and then start to drop in frames. As far as i could find it's just one of those things you got to live with as other users on the forums with 960s had very similar issues. (and no the card was not throttling). A quick restart of the game should set your back to smooth 60 for a another hourish."
,Recommended,242640,20481128,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"As a stealth game, it's quite good.You control a sneaky goblin who is on a mission to do (something you don't really care about).  It involves a ""world tree"", there are elves.  There's a drug called ""Amber"".  Honestly,  you'll be longing for Garrett and his simple motivations of getting rich and getting away with it.  The plot in Styx is poorly delivered, and impossible to relate to.The good news is, the poor story doesn't really get in the way of the good gameplay.   You are set loose in each mission with a simple enough goal  -  Reach a particular destination.   How you go about that, is entirely at your discretion.  You might choose to avoid all confrontation and sneak through the shadows, hiding under tables and jumping across rafters.  Or,  you might choose to slaughter everyone in your way by luring them around corners and then stabbing them in the face.  Maybe a mixture of both?Styx controls quite well, and is a joy to play as -  with the exception of a few unwanted context sensitive ledge grabs ( he seems to always want to pull himself up onto lit braziers). On the flip side of the coin, enemy AI is relatively good with the right balance between inquisitive and lazy, which makes them seem like plausible grunts who just want to make it through the night.The problems I have with Styx (besides the muddled plot delivery) stem largely from the way it rewards particular play styles.  At the end of each mission (they are broken up into about 4 sections),  you are given a summary of your performance and rewarded with additional experience points if you performed particular actions.  These actions reward different styles of play, such as methodically checking every area,  never killing anyone, remaining unseen, and doing the mission in a time limit.  The problem, I found, is that the game encouraged particular play styles over others.I decided early on that I wanted to to favor a methodical style of gameplay where I would find all of the collectables, and avoid all conrontation.  I was a pure pacifist, who would never kill a human.  Sounds good on paper, right?  In practice, the game goes out of its way to make this method of play deeply problematic.For one thing,  there is an entire skill tree devoted to butchering enemies, and many of the secondary objectives actually requre you to assasinate people.  Furthermore, many of the collectable items are hidden in such ridiculous locations that you are more or less forced to clear out all the enemies just so you can scour the area for them.  It's one thing to sneak, it's quite another to sneak through hordes of enemies, and search for a needle in a hay stack.  This is compounded by the fact that the level designers saw fit to put many of the collectables RIGHT IN FRONT OF enemy npcs who never move.   ugh.Overall, I'd recommend it to hardcore fans of Stealth,  but I would advise everyone else to stay away.   Hopefully the sequel can correct some of the issues I have mentioned.7/10"
,Recommended,242640,19296255,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Nato Boram,"If you like stealth, get it. It's a must-have of its genre. If you like to fight AND stealth (like in Assassin's Creed), you will be disappointed."
76561198048501906,Recommended,242640,21334140,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Captain Avatar,"It feels like a mashup of Thief3 and Prince of Persia, which turns out to be a pretty playable combo.  There aren't any truly unique elements to the gameplay, the story is barely there, and  combat, though not necessary, is clunky when it happens.  That said, the game has a nice visual style, the stealth/acrobatic gameplay has a good flow, and the lead character is likeable.  It isn't revolutionary but it is decently fun."
76561198218753692,Recommended,242640,21014429,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Aderez,Chair Hatred Simulatior 2016
76561198058717690,Recommended,242640,16844659,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,CTRL-ALT-DEFEAT,"Ok so, I haven't played much yet, and if you've bought them game, killing time and reading these reviews, great. I have some advice.First, play the game on the hardest or second to hardest difficulty. It's an easy game, really. On Hard, (Easy-Normal-Hard-Goblin) it's challenging but still lots of fun. No stealth game is fun if it's easy. This is coming from someone who played and beat Alien: Isolation on the hardest difficulty the first time around.Second, go to settings and make the brightness low. When I first opened and played a while it was one of those ""Oh God, how does the guard not see me? It's so bright here."" but once I turned the brightness down, everything made more sense. I guess it was just easier to believe.Anyway, my rating:8.5/10Graphics - Game has cool graphics, honestly. They aren't gorgeous, and the cutscenes are kind of lacking graphically, but the game looks good. 8/10Gameplay - Most of the game is sneaking around and really bringing back old espionage memories. Don't expect a lot of killing, unless that's how you want to play. Controls are fine, movements, jumping, etc. 7/10Story - The story is just down right awesome. You play as a freaking Goblin who can turn invisible and stab people and has insane knife throwing abilities. Right? 10/10Open world-ness - The levels in this game are massive. The ability and choice you have to take on a mission is incredible. Go crazy with it. 10/10"
,Recommended,242640,18296877,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,RailgunRecon,"Satisfying length, and honestly one of the best stories I've ever encountered in a game. The voice acting leaves a bit to be desired, but the writing and level design both show a genuine love for the game on the part of the creators. The mechanics are interesting, there are always multiple ways to approach a problem, and the world is immersive. Highly vertical levels allow for all kinds of interesting ways to achieve your objectives, and the variety of enemies and threats is large enough to keep thing interesting for the entire playthrough.Overall, I strongly recommend this game to anyone who has enjoyed another game with stealth elements. If you enjoyed Dishonored, you'll love Styx. It's the same spirit in a longer game with a shorter protagonist."
,Recommended,242640,18108186,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Hurkey Durkey,"An incredible stealth crawler, the likes of which we haven't seen in a good while. I'd compare it to a more vertical third-person Thief. The story has several twists and turns you won't see coming, even if you have played Of Orcs and Men. If you haven't, don't watch playthroughs/cutscenes as you will spoil your self. Runs smooth as butter, and has some head-scratching challenges by the end.So what're you waitin' for, eh, Rakash? Go get your dagger. It's time for work."
,Not Recommended,242640,16224442,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,=Axton=,"Not entirely what I hoped for, kind of a low budget stealth game with big open maps.  Meh.  Story is different but the writing is kind of a joke, some dialog literally made me say wtf and turn subtitles on just to confirm the goofy lines.Only saying ""No"" because I didn't enjoy it."
,Recommended,242640,28762043,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dupmeister,"This is my first time into the series, Since I had not played Orcs and Men, I wasn't sure if I could just jump into this but the game play is very easy to get into and you get hooked fast.  the mechanics are fairly intuitive and the pace and feel of the game is pretty balanced.   I have always enjoyed stealth games, no matter how many times I play Skyrim and no matter how many times I tell myself that I will play a different character.... my guys always wind up in the thieves guild or the brotherhood. So this game soothes that craving for sneaky sneaky.The one area that could have used improvement is the story and character.  I get some sense of who Styx is thanks to his occasional musings and inner monologue, none the less I really wish the game had spent more time setting up the story and giving us more of a cinematic intro to who our character is and what he is about.  Styx seems like an interesting guy, he deserved more  story time."
76561198037499664,Recommended,242640,30338442,Posted: 5 March,all,saart,"A fun, atmospheric and humorous stealth game. Really enjoying this. Don't get this game if you're expecting a good combat system, though. It simply is not a game where you can just charge through, slaughtering everyone. You feel fragile, and that's exactly what I want from a stealth game, where the halls are guarded with armoured guys far larger than you. However, you have many tools at your disposal, and you certainly will be snappin' necks along the way!"
,Recommended,242640,15804747,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,garthwind,top notch
76561198006582789,Recommended,242640,15523705,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Muertington,"M.C. Escher woke up one day and decided he wanted to work in videogame level design.I like it.It has all the things that make the gameplay a rough and entertaining stealth challenge gameplay wise.And for the most part it has none of the things that make games cost 50+ euros. Like eyecandy graphics (theyre good enough for me), a ""good"" story (for good stories books usually do the job, videogames, very rarely), a handsome good looking roguish guy that acts more like a fighter (Dishonored, cough), an artwork folder with sketches you will never ever browse more than once, no dlc, no unnecesary over the top movie sequences (yes we all like them but gameplay goes first) and no stupid preorder bonuses.It costed me 29 euros when I got it, and dont regret the purchase.Definitely not a perfect game, but on the stealth gameplay department, a very good one.And yea, I use the word gameplay a lot, im sorry."
,Recommended,242640,30319523,Posted: 4 March,all,H0lt /DRev/,I highly recomend Goblin murder simulator top everyone that likes or dislikes stealth games.
,Recommended,242640,30321448,Posted: 4 March,all,The Abysswalker,"To be honest, the trailer sold the game."
76561198067209151,Recommended,242640,30329714,Posted: 4 March,all,NayGas,"I really good game and excited for when the co-op comes out, this is a great stealth game with a bit of strategy. I would recommend you to get this game."
76561198017744567,Recommended,242640,21274092,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,dellyfry,"A fantastic game, with a few flaws (hey, who doesn't). Of steaslth and elimination of targets. Bonus objects, clever puzzles, the use of potions, daggers, sand, and keeping out of the light. Not sure it's worth the retail $30 at the moment but if it is on discount and you enjoy stealth games - this is one for the library."
76561198171455345,Recommended,242640,23144037,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,♣ LoydFloyd ♣,"Styx: Master of Shadows is a really great game and one of my favorite stealth games ever. Don't get me wrong, it's not perfect but it s worth 30 $ but i bought it 5 $ when it is on discount.There aren't many stealth games around these days and Dishonored is really good but Styx is similar. The gameplay mechanics work really well in this game and there are some that I haven't seen in any other stealth game, such as cloning yourself and booby trapping your clone in a chest or just use it as a distraction for guards. You can even become invisible for short time spans. These things cost you amber which is basically something like mana. You can replenish it with vials you can find during the missions or pickpocket from some of the guards. But those are rare, so don't worry, you can't just walk around the whole level invisibly.The skill system is also a good thing. It motivated me to get all the insignias and do all the side objectives in the missions, since you get bonus skill points for doing so. With them you can unlock helpful skills such as aerial kills or the aforementioned booby trapping of your clone. You can go for stealthy skills if you like to sneak through the missions or, if you're more into clearing out whole areas, you can invest in more aggressive skills. Every type of player should be able to find some skills they think are cool.There are also different types of enemies, such as your ordinary guard, crossbowmen, knights, which have plate armor and can only be killed through poisoning or dropping chandeliers on their head, and some more that I won't spoil now. Every enemy has its weak spots and is in his way fun to kill or sneak around.What I think is really outstanding in Styx is the environment. The level design is just awesome. There are many routes to your destination and you almost always have a choice of how to get there. In synergy with the mostly good graphics (at least good enough for me) and the great lighting effects it often led to me just stopping and looking at the beautiful environments. It's just eye candy to sneak around in the shadows avoiding the bright sun rays falling in a room through a window or climbing a vertical wall in the sunset.Sadly the fun exploring the levels ends with the exact half of the game. After that you will be back tracked through many levels you have already seen. In most cases this isn't that bad, because there are other guards on other positions with other routes and the levels are still awesome with all the alternative routes. But I have to say that there were one or two areas that just didn't work properly backwards, which was sometimes a little annoying. Nevertheless the back tracking wasn't so bad, although I gladly would have payed 5 or 10 more bucks to just see some more of this really great level design.The story line was okay for me. It had its suprises and pulled me through the missions and that's all I was expecting from it. The plot is told through voice acting and comic like cutscenes with mostly static pictures of which some were reused a little too often, but that's perfectly fine thinking of the price for the title. The voice acting was good and I personally liked the fact that although the story is set in a fantasy world, the characters swear a lot and talk more like you would expect from real world rogues. That added a special feeling to it and I liked it.Overall I loved this game and though it has its flaws the whole experience is just great, because every mechanic and every element come together to form a really fun time of stealth gameplay. And since it's worth even the full 30€ in my opinion (i got it 5 dolllars), I recommend this game to every gamer who enjoys stealth games.8.7 / 10"
,Recommended,242640,27874942,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,soulglove,"In an era where most modern stealth games have become hand-holding checklists with next to no challenge, Styx: Master of Shadows is a gleeming gem in the once niche genre. The level design is masterfully hand-crafted and the writing is a nice surprise. The controls and the actual use of stealth requires some skill, but it is better than magnetized platforming. The abilities are a nice addition to the genre, and even though they are optional, they are a good way to expand your toolset in certain situations. Direct combat is discouraged, as it should be for the genre, but you can still lean on either a lethal or non-lethal playstyle as well as a mixture of both. Rewards are there if you can get through each level without being detected, playing through a level quickly, or finding all the secret items. Styx isn't without fault, however. The dialogue can be grating and overly amateurish. While hanging from ledges, Styx cannot round a corner without any good reason. Overall, the game is enjoyable if you like how stealth games used to be before they went mainstream, and a little better to control."
76561198010773264,Recommended,242640,18959879,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jimson [SG],"This is a stealth game about a psychic invisible goblin. This mind-reading usually manifests as soldiers musing on how their balls itch or how awful their wives are.That may or may not be your cup of tea, but the stealth here is fantastic and shouldn't be skipped. The developers have done something Blizzard has promised for 2 decades and never delivered on, a stealth game set in fleshed out fantasy world.Theif 2 with Goblins and more world-building."
76561198044483764,Recommended,242640,18966693,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Borealis,"Beautiful voice acting, great stealth-based gameplay, an immerssive world, a good story to sink your teeth into... I would fully recommend this game if you are a fan of the stealth-based genre games like the Thief Series.Also while you are waiting for the sequel ""Styx: Shards of Darkenss"" to come out, you can also give ""Of Orcs and Men"" a look over which is a sequel to this game set 200 years in the future if you want to immerse yourself more in this world."
76561198025786911,Recommended,242640,24439142,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Asterai,"Do you like stealth games?  Do you like misdirecting, hiding bodies, poisoning food?  Do you enjoy setting the environment against your targets?  If so, you'll love Styx.Levels are replayable and have good replay value.  Stealth, speed, collectibles, and no-kill goals for every level provide motivation to try it another way; dense, layered, interactive environments provide the means.  Enemies with different senses and defenses provide a shifting challenge.On top of that, solid story; predictable in all the right ways.  Major plot twists are properly foreshadowed and the observant player will see them coming.Only potential drawback is that most staging areas are reused.  However, different enemies, goals, conditions, and directions of traversal often make an area play very differently in different missions.Bonus:  Features one of my all-time favorite escort quests.  You might think you know that all escort quests suck.  This one is different, because you're playing a stealth game,"
,Recommended,242640,30488144,Posted: 13 March,all,nightlysonata,"Come for the killing, stay for the story.10/10 would die to controls again."
76561197983977864,Recommended,242640,12419952,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Perogi,"This is the game that everyone wanted the Theif reboot to be. The maps are well designed. Most levels consist of four zones. Each zone is a large and almost always totally open map. What really makes this game though is that you're always in control: every jump, fall, or ledge shimmy is entirely controlled by you. There's none of that ""on the rails""  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t populraized by Assassin's Creed and now found in every ♥♥♥♥ing action/adventure game for the past four years. You have a jump button and it flings you in whatever the hell damn direction you want. There is no context jump ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or anything like that. Every time you jump your fate is in your hands, and not in the hands of what the game thinks you want to do.The game isn't perfect though. Again comparing it to Theif, there isn't a lot of reasons to fully expore the big open maps it has. There's a few: every zone has a secondary objective, and there's talisman things to collect. But you only get a reward from the talismans if you collect every single one, which is not practical whatsoever unless you're using a guide. So the talismans are pretty much a waste of time right away. I didn't find myself using my skills or items much either, so collecting those wasnt' much of an incentive to explore either. Maybe other people use items more, I don't know. A lot of the upgrades you can buy too felt useless to me (they're all centered around abilities and items which I tended not to use).IN SUMMARY: The game is a great stealth game and better in a lot of ways than the Theif reboot (mostly in the stealth ways). However, it suffers in some other ways mostly in a lack, or poor implementation, of other mechanics such as the skills, and map exploration. Theif did these things better. But if you're going to play Styx as just a straight pure stealth game it's going to be great for you."
,Recommended,242640,12412486,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Lofwyr,"Very enjoyable stealth game. This is what the latest Thief should have been. The stealth mechanics are fairly unforgiving, but they are easy to use and intuitive. Don't get this game if you are looking for combat. You are going to play this to be sneaky, to steal various items, and occasionally skill the silly humans. I'm going to be putting quite a few hours into this."
76561198086171498,Recommended,242640,25599547,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mike Sia,"at first i found it hard to play and kept dying. after awhile I was able to adjust to the controls and the game play, what to interact where to go etc. the game so far is fun!! no glitches as of now. :)"
,Recommended,242640,25669412,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Big Boss,great game pretty good story and nice stealth but still it has many bugs
,Recommended,242640,21268979,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,PEUNCE_MIN,"Extremely glitchy in some spots, but it did not effect the gameplay much, as well as the story line. The story and gameplay seemed to go on forever, and was not truly interesting throughout in my opinion, but the stealth was EXTREMELY fun. Lots of corners, nooks and crannies to hide. I just wish there was a bigger budget for this game! I hope Styx 2 will be a big improvement. Also, this game can be CRAZY challenging and hard if you attempt the achievements"
76561198069676734,Recommended,242640,18815802,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jarkjarken,"Overall I did enjoy this game, but be warned it was frustrating. The difficulty of this game turned a 10 hour game into 30+ hours. You will need to take breaks to keep from pulling you hair out, inorder to further your progress you must save at each step of progress weather you made 10 feet or killed a gaurd you will need to save often. If you enjoy stealth and  punishment this is the game for you."
,Recommended,242640,18851476,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,zullcrates,"one of the best stealth game these day (at least better than the newer thief i guess). So much fun cause even if u want to kill somebody, u need to go unnoticed or else everyone will be alerted of your presence and it ll be much harder to progress.For me its 8/10."
76561198047568926,Recommended,242640,29185818,Posted: 11 January,all,oitomeia,"Excelent game!Gameplay is awesome and stealth mechanics are  pretty good too. A bit ""claustrophobic"" (if you prefer open world enviroments) and somehow small (~20 hours to complete).8/10"
,Recommended,242640,25453053,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,King of Shadows,If you're a fan of stealth game mechanics and assassinations this game is definitely for you no other game feels like it!
,Recommended,242640,25461025,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Death_Reptile,Super fun game love it 10/10 the only thing i dont like it that you can get stuck and it is imposibel to continu cuse th guards never miss and one hit kill you. But that whats make it a fun stealh game
,Recommended,242640,12520748,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,L0RGAR,"Great game that really captures the essence of Goblinity.The maps are huge and diverse, the stealth is difficult yet rewarding, and the lack of items to aid you really makes you feel the greed and inferiority a goblin must feel when faced with extravagantly armored and well armed knights possessing precious and hard to find throwing knives dangling invitingly from their sword belts (usually in an area with 5 or 6 of these tough blowhards :/ lol)If you liked Shadow of Mordor or Dishonored (or wanted to like either) or loved the OLD thief games; this game is a good purchase that will give you quite a few hours of enjoyment."
76561198079025574,Recommended,242640,16078225,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Simply Ryan,Brilliant in every way
76561197995591495,Recommended,242640,22168680,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[Lahe] AFL,"Best stealth game I have played. Sometimes ledge grappling doesn't work the way you would like it to work, but otherwise moving around works great. Combat is a bit simple, but crank the difficulty straight to Goblin so you don't have to deal with it. Would recommend to everyone. And ♥♥♥♥ the elves!"
,Recommended,242640,30595490,Posted: 18 March,all,NeonDeity,"Styx: Master of shadows is a quintessential game for stealth fans. The game is hard-core stealth, no two ways about it. The tower of Akenash where the whole game takes place is so beautifully crafted, from the governor's office at the top to the deepest dark dungeons at the bottom, introducing one of the best vertical level system with each level having different routes to your destination. The few glitches here and there can be completely overlooked thanks to the awesome gameplay and story. I wasn’t expecting the story to be that great but I was completely wrong, it had great depth, amazing twists and an awesome message at the end of the game. Acceptance. Accept yourself and thrive or be doomed. I thank my friend for suggesting this game to me. Please don’t miss this gem of a game, if you are a stealth fan."
,Recommended,242640,27583078,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Edd,"Underrated hardcore stealth game, awesome gameplay and visuals. Great story.  Thumbs up."
,Recommended,242640,30750930,Posted: 26 March,all,nibriddan,"I enjoyed my time with this game and i do recommend it.Detractor: There are only a hand few of maps that you move through (8 missions total) you move to a place deep inside a castle then you move back out the way you came, only there are more and tougher enemies on your trek back. Each map has 3-4 different sections to it which are separated by a loading screen, there is also a lot of ways one can move throughout the map to achieve their goal. The maps are large and have a great amount of verticality to them.Trying to stealth the entire mission is rewarding and challenging in the later game. Maps look very highly detailed.If you enjoy sulking around all stealthy-like this is a game that you will enjoy. If you like 1st person games where you run around loudly kicking everyone in the nads this game might not be for you (although i didnt play it on easy so this playstyle might work). On hard and normal you can only take about 2-3 hits from an enemy before you die, on very hard enemies oneshot you if they can melee you. This game is all about stealth."
76561198073030234,Recommended,242640,13573655,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,JayaNLyle,I haven't played the game a lot yet but the intense graphics and the storyline makes me a lot more keen to go on.
,Recommended,242640,15038747,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,sammy,Every stealth genre fan should buy this. An excellent game!
76561198157687017,Recommended,242640,30443792,Posted: 11 March,all,vladimir.proskurin,My best steam purchase
,Recommended,242640,14816087,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Maldred,"Game play is meh... I love the stealth factor of the game, but it is definitely lacking in the combat department; just not very fluent, and feels... well... awkward.All in all, I'd rate this a 6/10"
,Recommended,242640,23497454,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Capp Atlas?,A refreshing sense of scale and exploration for a stealth game. Excited for the sequel to this one.
76561198275106446,Recommended,242640,33963322,Posted: 1 August,all,..,Not done with game but still having fun along the way. Really makes you feel like a real master of the shadows. Storyline is really addictive and you constantly want to know what will happen next.
76561198027430395,Recommended,242640,13821262,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mr Snugglepants,"Okay, if you know me and a lot of you dont. You know that i love stealth games. Hard Stealth games. Stealth games that dont give you a checkpoint after every doorway you pass through. thhe kind of stealth game where you are forced to think otherwise you're screwed. The kind of stealth game that is going down the crapper since gamers are getting pandered to like spoiled kids.Yeah well this game throws you to the ground and stomps on your fingers if you arent careful. You NEED to think in this game and you NEED to execute your moves carefully otherwise the guards are gonna see you and you're gonna be running for your life with a bad score and a bunch of arrows, throwingknives and stabwounds up your♥♥♥♥♥and thats something that i've missed since Splinter Cell: Double Agent came out. There arent any decent pure stealth games anymore and perhaps thats just how i feel about it but lets think about it for a sec. Conviction sucked the bolts out of a submarine. The Thief series took a nosedive after the golden age and the less said about Hitman Absolution the better.All of those games where giants when it came to the stealth genre and all fell. HARD. When TF2 pulls of stealth better than most recent supposed stealth games there's something wrong.I Hate how you can get away with almost no consequences in these later games. In Splinter Cell you can jump out of a window and BOOM you're gone or even worse utilize the games instakill button that kills everyone in the room. Yeah, Stealthy right? Same thing in Hitman (I seriously hate the instakill button) and in thief all you had to do was run around the corner or use the hookthing so the guards can reach you.  All of these games gave in to the little kid going ""This is too hard"". Well kid sit down and play and you might learn a thing or two about solving problems.Thats the main reason why you should play this game. It's pretty much a call back to when stealth games were hard. When that one step to the left made the guard go ""huh?"" and turn around and you were punished and taught some paitience.Seriously.Play this game."
76561198010924100,Recommended,242640,12863711,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Novocaine Beats,"One of the better stealth games of this generation, blows thief out of the water.ALOT of fun, definitely worth the pricetag."
,Recommended,242640,12418984,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Rezon,"Amazing game with great level design. Each level is open for multiple methods of play.Great art style and interesting world.Story was alot better than I expected and I got really invested in it about halfway through.Only downsides are texture quality, animation in cutscenes and voice acting for all characters besides Styx is really hit and miss.I almost forgot to mention the clunky parry system. If you are spotted and a enemy gets close enough to you, you will enter a minigame in which you must time your attacks in synch with the bad guys attack. I would recommend playing on the hardest difficulty to avoid this minigame. If you are spotted on the hardest difficulty and they catch you,  you die instantly. This way you are forced to think before engaging each enemy and can't just say ""It's just one guy so I'll just parry him to death""All in all a fantastic experience."
,Recommended,242640,26426968,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ciucolas,very good stealth game!
76561198050352493,Recommended,242640,26441483,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,lasse.kankila,"A game of solid 9/10 for me. Hard enough to get me salty but rewarding when a masterplan works out 5/5. The climbing mechanics worked like a dream, not like the assassins creed's ""I ran too near a fence so I must climb it and get shot"" kind of way. Only thing I really missed was a bit more variation to the maps but hey, this was still an awesome game. Love the atmoshpere, music, world and character design. And the chance to be able to replay the levels gives it more value as I can go to master the levels that I ♥♥♥♥ed up in. All in all I really liked this game."
,Recommended,242640,33186888,Posted: 3 July,all,Hilloak27,Edgy gobbo
,Recommended,242640,29255778,Posted: 14 January,all,godlike,This Thief inspired game that turned out surprisingly good.Pros:+ Nice level design with multiple paths to the final goal.+ Nice stealth mechanics.+ Interesting story.Cons:- Graphics. The screenshots in the Steam page are not even close to the actual game.- At some point at the end you end replaying most of the levels with different objectives. That's lazy design.
76561198066070890,Recommended,242640,19720575,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Loadsamoney,"This game will rip off your balls if you aren't any good at stealth. Mainly because its a stealth game, partially because the combat system was designed by a mentally disabled 5 year old. Also everyone in the world owns a set of throwing knives and are very good with them, so watch out for that.It has my stamp of approval."
,Recommended,242640,18886011,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ghostmourn,"Goblin got soul, comin out his...well you know.Seriosuly lil fellah is a pimp."
76561197972972517,Recommended,242640,17872695,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,tullekop,"Awesome game! If you liked ""Thief series"" then you will enjoy this. Well worth the cheap price (currently)."
,Recommended,242640,23905893,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,EMPheim,"Awesome. Do You know those games that slaught all npcs and say this is how to assasinate someone? It's not that kind of game. You're weak, you can't win if you fight more than 2 enemies at once. And sometimes even 1 on 1 situation can kill you. So you should assainate others, one by one, from shadows. Throwing sands, daggers, using power of ambers, making clone, hiding into barrels, hanging on windows, bridges, castle, fences...And Yes, that's how you turn into Styx, Master of Shadows. Enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,242640,30196883,Posted: 26 February,all,Arasite,This is a great game. It is the only game i have ever considered  worthwhile to 100% and it is a shame it is so unknown and underrated
,Recommended,242640,33233853,Posted: 4 July,all,CHIMICHANGAS EFX,"I thought Styx's personality would be the same as the second one, he had a personality similar to Deadpool's and that's what made me enjoy the game so much. On the first Styx he's more serious and gives me the feeling of playing a casual stealth game. I'm not disappointed with the game, I'm just didn't enjoy playing with ""this"" Styx."
,Recommended,242640,12563505,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Quatropus,"Styx: Master of Shadows has proven to be that one game that is really great for the price range and another example that you don't need to be AAA to create a great experience, but will wipe the floor with your face due to the difficulty range.  That difficulty range is weird though in that there are things that you get killed by and say ""Oh, I screwed that up"", while there are other times when the game seems ""unfair"" and you're just constantly getting rocked at the same moment over and over again.  That unfairness also comes with the fact that load points can be quite ridiculous, where you're basically having to go through 10-20 minutes of content.  This really falls into place in the later levels, where most of everything one shots you.  While the game frustrated me way too much during these moments, I also learned from my failures.  I'm not an experienced stealth gamer (only really played Dishonored and Metal Gear Solid, but those could be played as more action oriented), so as I go through trial and error, I get use to what's going on.  It still gets me because I'm impatient, but the game tried to teach me that and punished me if I didn't listen.  I like that.  Maybe not all the time, but I do appreciate the fact that the game just doesn't hold my hand.  Combat isn't the easiest in the game against multiple targets, so stealth is what you'll be doing most of the game.  I played on controller, but glad to see that both controller and mouse/keyboard has options to change keys (although it's only two types for controller and all it changes is where Roll or Crouch are placed).Besides the mechanics, the physical appearance of the game is great, even if the graphics kind of tank with bugs, glitches, and off-synced voice acting.  The idea that Styx is a Goblin assassin is such a cool concept for a protagonist and the story behind him is actually quite enjoyable.  The cinematics are portrayed in still animated scenes and I wasn't too keen on them at first, but I started to dig them.  By the last cinematic, I finally learned to enjoy the art and the beautiful colors they use, especially in the last cinematic.  Music seems off in places, as in it plays a lot later in the game but not so much in the early parts of the game.Overall, I don't give games a number rating because it doesn't necessarily match my view and opinion, so I'll leave it as this game will be not the best, but still quite an enjoyable game for those who love stealth.  If you can't get pass the stealth part, this game may not be for you but pick it up if you're willing to learn.  It'll help you understand some concepts used in a lot of stealth games."
76561198275597391,Recommended,242640,34960390,Posted: 14 September,all,Kayotics,"Recommend this game a lot although the combat is a bit bad you aren't meant to fight you way through it so I can see why it's harder to do, really fun to do if you have some time recommend it heaps good art style and doesn't need a beast of a pc to run it, I ran it fine on my i3 and 1050ti system. good game fun to stealth and yeah if you see it on sale definitely buy it it's worth buying and has so much replayability."
76561198216731693,Recommended,242640,25656972,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,SuperSpicyOrangeCat,I just love the stealth in this game bought it like for 6 pounds on sale  and i can tell u some good things about this gameStealthAmazing graphicsAmazing Kills the way u stab or choke themGreat AInot the best combat but this game is more about stealth not combatskills to choose to improve your goblinThe reactions on your enemiesHardcoreAwesome powers like cloning your goblin and controlling itNow bad thingsenemies could easily find you where u hide which sucks cause don't try to hide they still find u and try to kill uu be stuck in combat mode which sucks like i said i know the game is not about combat but it is annoying when they see u and kill u straight awaySo yeah that is all i can say it is well done but really hard to complete the levels took me like 2 hours just to do so
,Recommended,242640,35507391,Posted: 5 October,all,Myron,"A great mid budget game that comes to revitilize a stagnated genre that has failed its core audience for years. This is not an action game with stealth elements nor is it a stelath game that here and there relies on combat. This is a pure infiltration, assassination and thieving game. Combat is the bare minimum and enemy encounters in the open should be avoided at all cost. In stealth games less is more and the fact that combat in Styx is basically three functions makes the game shine in every other aspect. In addition the game has a well written story in a low fantasy setting with a pinch of moral ambiguity and some dark locals and levels. Styx himself is a well written protagonist with great voice acting and animation that truly represents how a golbin should act. This fluidity of Styx's movement goes hand in hand with the verticallity of the level design and the variety of his weapons and skills to create a great hardcore experience. However, Styx is far from perfect, all of its shortcomings are created from the fact that this is a mid budget game. Animations at times are rough, the AI may hiccup and some textures feel too generic. Although these shortcomings are mostly product of nitpicking over tiny details. In conclusion, Styx: Master of Shadows is a diamond in the rough. A game that can sit in the same self  with Thief 1, Thief 2, Tenchu, Splinter Cell and all the other great games that defined the genre. Fans of the stealth genre will love it but everyone else that occasionally meddles from time to time with games like Dishonored an Assassin's Creed will find difficult and non-forgiving."
76561198046344426,Recommended,242640,12617151,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Jms93,"Old school, best school. Buy it."
76561198025999515,Recommended,242640,18879569,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Han Solo,"Hmm... If I could rate Styx I would ask myself whether Styx? :DAnyway. The gameplay was a lot like Dark Souls. You had to die a lot to see how to solve a level. I don't know how many hours did the devs took to making the game but it's totally worth it.A very good advice: You need to get a very calm nerve to play this. If you get angry try to relax and take a deep breath. With empty head you can solve the puzzles easilly.Graphic: 10/10    This is a fictional game. You don't need to aim for the graphic. Let the game's atmosphere pull you in.Gameplay: 10/8  Sometimes the AI's broken but in overall it's a very enjoyable game. (my fav stealth game)Sound: 10/10     You can enjoy a wide variety of music and it's passing to the game.Story:  10/7       It's very good but you either have to own the previous game or don't lose yourself when you die over and over again.But overall it's a challenging, great, nerve killer game what is you beat then it's a very refreshing and really good relief :) You end up smiling.'' Chewie! Let us change to hyperspeed! We're out of here! ''"
76561198086796294,Recommended,242640,12494356,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Royal_Wolf_1996,"I've seen some negative reviews for this game, and well, I don't get it.Graphics are not ""Horrible"" true not that great but not horrible for sure.Some have said the controls are kind of rough, which is not true at all I found them to be quite solid.People also had issue with the voice acting and I found that to be solid as well.However I will say, this game has some legit bugs to it. Like corpses in a wall juggling around and stuff like that, nothing game breaking.The level design is fantastic, huge with multiple paths made for interesting sneaking.The clone abilty is a very original idea that I enjoy in this game, even though I don't use him as much as I should.This game will make you laugh as well, although not as funny as I expected and slightly weak in some parts does have its good parts of humour as well.A problem I did note with this game is the lighting: 1 sometimes you can be in the dark and apperently you're not hidden, other times you will be in bright light and be hidden and 2, the fact that you glow in the dark seems moronic for a stealth game.Another problem is that the gameplay after awhile can get a tad repetitive as it seems it would be all to easy to just take everyone down.Over all though, its a fun game and worth your cash... However if you think you're buying a T for Teen game read the disclaimer I wrote below.***DISCLAIMER***                                                                                                                                             ***DISCLAIMER***OK to be honest here this is my main problem with this game really, no way in heck should this game be T.Either the ESRB was stoned out of there mind or got a little extra cash to pass as T or both I'm not sure but good grief its absurd.It should be M for 2 reasons.1: The F bomb... The F bomb is dropped REPEATEDLY, the language for this game is way way way worse then many M games.2: Although not ridiculous, there is a fair amount of blood in this game. Considering the first 3 Thiefs were rated M for blood (Which is just moronic that they are not T) this game has far more, both puddles and spray.So if you're a person that doesn't buy M games, stay away from this game.***DISCLAIMER***                                                                                                                                             ***DISCLAIMER***"
,Recommended,242640,25274997,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,johny247trace,"Styx realy surprise me by purity of stealth, this game realy is most pure stealth game i ever play. Most games force you to not get detected but here you are also discouraged from knocking out (killing) people,this was always kinda problem for me because i tend to play naturaly so i chose most safe route and i end up knocking out everybody in whole level and feeling like this is not suposed to happen in game about stealth.StoryGame leaves you in dark about its world and story, you never get to much information about world and even about your character, it realy help to creaty mysterious atmosfer witch goes well with mental state of protagonist. Game personally remind me gothic games but protagonist is much more interesting and this is his story about him. Later on its get really interesting :D =unlike voice acting, lip syncing and writing whitch are mehhh.GameplayVery well polished but not without mistakes, biggest problem is with xp system witch dont reward you for completing almost impossible challenges (like dont kill anybody) and this unbalance realy kill replayability witch is realy shame because they are like 40% of this game but they dont feel like part of experience, they are just in game achievements.Otherwise game have big nonlinear levels but they are not as big as in Thief 2,but you still have ton of tools to manipulate your environment and opponents like throwing knifes,sand bals(for torch) invisibility, creting your clone... But  you nead scavenge for items constantly so it feels like good survival horror with great resource management. After detection your enemy will stay allert even after you hide and even if they are realy scripted they act competent. And can we just appreciate stealth game when you are not invisible in shadows.I dont thing this game as great as Thief or Splinter cell but this ip have definitely potential to be even beter , very good atmosfer and challenge."
,Not Recommended,242640,32320579,Posted: 10 June,all,RosieRascal,"I like stealth games and I did give this one a chance to interest me by sticking with it for 7 hours but just found it seemed directionless in comparison to other stealth games I played and was an exercise in frustration with the mechanics provided.  It just never pulled me into the storyline or kept my interest.  I just found it tedious with its endless paths to an objecive.  If you are spotted and need to protect yourself, expect to be frustrated.  The combat system is very clumsy and pretty well worthless so if seen expect to be repeating over and over that same part of the story until you find the path they want you to use.  Given the game's cost, if stealth is your thing better to spend your money on Deux Ex, Hitman or Splinter Cell."
76561198107814243,Recommended,242640,23302858,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Lock,This game is very good and only for a more serious stealth fan and it has a very interesting story. Note that the guards are not your typical guards you do not want to fight them as you are much weaker then them and they arent as stupid as Assassins Creed guards. Also if you look ate the achievments there a 7 missions which may seem like its a short campaign which I was worried about at first but it is deffinitly not  I wass half way through after 16 hrs so dont worry about it being short. I got it on sale but is worth the regular price. I have no problems with the game (Except thet Im bad at stealth.) and I fully recommend it.
76561198120390505,Recommended,242640,32904612,Posted: 27 June,all,Ludwig,i love this game!
,Recommended,242640,27050261,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rachit,Best stealth game i ever played.10/10 Recommend it !
76561198107154420,Recommended,242640,19979191,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Alan_Gord,"At last Cyanide Studio made a game in which both story and gameplay are good.LIKES-level design. Maps are huge, atmospheric and well-designed with many routes to choose from in order to accomplish the mission goal.-challenging and interesting stealh gameplay.  You must stay in shadows, carefully use your abilities and attack from the back, because in the open open confrontation enemies will kill you very quickly (at least at the hard difficulty).-Styx. The most unique main character i've ever played in computer games. Playing as a goblin offers you a unique perspective on a cliched fantasy paradigm ""good humans+elves vs evil races"".DISLIKES-clumsy parkour. Prepare yourself to the painfull experience when climbing and, especially, jumping before you get used to the goblin's movemets.-rotates same levels over and over again, especially in the second part of the gameVERDICT:Good stealh game with unusual protagonist and interesting story, but with some annoying gameplay problems."
,Recommended,242640,27625859,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MadManCrimson,Hard as hell with the missions and being sneaky as hell XD i love it still XD
76561198010990356,Recommended,242640,26197839,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kharn,"Great game, highly recommended. I'm not a stealth fan in general but in this game it is really exciting (i.e. you don't need to wait around a lot)."
76561197973158160,Recommended,242640,12455336,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Beelzebunny,"If you like stealthy-take-your-time-to-kill-and-steal-everything games, you're gonna love this. Sadly you can only kill people in 1 of 2 ways until later in the game when you boost your skills, but still cool. AI is pathetic, ""Oh, he's dead...Let me  change my sentry path for a couple of minutes then go back to normal without alerting anyone else"", especially when you throw a dagger and kill a person that's right next to a guard...But I'm always hopinng for updates. A few ""undocumented features"" (ie. bugs) where jumping from one platform to another will totally ignore the landing and you'll fall, taking unnessary damage, and also another where you're trying to creep to a ledge and drop to hang on the side and instead you plumet to your death. But again, we can only hope for an update that fixes this.I love the goblin perspective, it's like thief (pretty much same time period) just not as polished. But that's understandable. Good game, despite the bugs.You get extra skill points for various things, picking up all the coins, getting the relics, not killing anyone, etc etc and there's one about finishing the game in 18 min or less. I take my time, first level took me 3.4 hours just because I like searching everything and killing everyone. Doubt I'll ever do the 18 min or less. But once you get to your hideout, you have the option of replaying any levels you have already completed."
76561198015913814,Recommended,242640,23703342,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,HAU-HAU,"Fresh, original, interesting. I really loved the idea. I can even forgive a slightly disappointing stealth in this game. Why? Well, have you ever played a FREAKIN GOBLIN SNEAKING IN A FREAKIN TOWER KILLING FREAKIN HEAVILY ARMORED KNIGHTS WITH HIS FREAKIN GOBLIN POISON SPIT IN THEIR FREAKIN WATER AND FOOD? No? Well... Maybe because there JUST WASNT ANYTHING LIKE THIS IN, WELL, PAST 15 YEARS, NO? Or I just don't know much about PC games."
,Not Recommended,242640,30657635,Posted: 21 March,all,Aydena,"Game is nice until you get to the last battle, then you either win easily or you quit in frustation (like I did) cause you didn't save daggers or amber.Also the game is quite repetitive as you play some areas more than once.Certainly not worth the full price."
76561198016129633,Recommended,242640,16811908,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,╬ August von Kageneck ╬,A must have for all stealth fans. This game is similar in stealth techniques to the old Thief games. I repeat: a MUST HAVE for stealth fans. I wish there would be more games like this.
,Not Recommended,242640,20097277,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Our_Benefactors,"Feels like a handheld game. Shallow steath/cover system, frustrating controls, moronic enemy AI (they never actually search, just follow a path to where you went out of sight, unlike a game like MGS for instance), and generally uninteresting choices. Bland combat, annoying protagonist. I wanted to like this one but there wasn't much there of redeeming value."
76561197974084922,Not Recommended,242640,28820950,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,EndlessFragment,"It makes me sad to say that this game OOZES potential, but takes advantage of absolutely none of it and often squanders it. The few good things are:- the graphics/visuals are nice- a few bits of the writing are decent- movement is fun (for a while) with a few different paths through a level- all the lore established outside of what takes place in the game is interestingThese points are swift brought down the more you progress into the game though. My biggest complaints and the most abhorrent issues I have with the game are mainly the A.I., some mechanics, ""level design, and the plot,"".First on the list is the A.I. This is short as all the A.I. in the game are either omnipotent (sometimes even skipping alert levels), or dumb as rocks. There is zero consistency in the game with how the guards react even between save states. I could be killed by Jesus guard who heard me through 5 walls and crossbowed me from 100 yards away in the dark, reload, and the same guard would be licking the wall for 45 minutes.Mechanically the game functions, but having been released in 2014 when something like assasin's creed came out in 2007 makes me wonder if they were trying to distance themselves from it. I get that you're a smaller goblin and a hostile city but that doesn't excuse the fact that you can't even swing your weapon until you've been spotted and are locked into a 1v1 duel. I assume they wanted to make combat a last resort but FFS this was not the way to do it. In these duels your camera is locked in place at your back and you can only circle strafe the enemy and parry their attacks until they go ""off balance"" and then you can murder them. This is a complete joke since the camera angle can often lead you into running into a corner, some boxes, or a hoard to the side you didn't see. And since you can only 1v1 and the other 6 guards can still fight you while this is happening you either have to get lucky that they go stupid, have bad dagger aim or they wiff.Also for added ""fun"" there are about 5 nigh unkillable enemy types in the game. Heavy knights that can only be killed by dropping chandeliers on them, ""blind"" insects that have ""acute hearing"" (they just know where you are at all times and rush you) can only be killed by throwing knife (which a limited), orks (no idea if you can kill them), ghost skulls that trail you and explode (requiring a roll dodge), and elves (see insects). A hand full of these also one shot you no matter your HP and, aside from the elves who show up in the last 10 mins of the game, ALL NPCS ARE HOSTILE TO YOU AND FRIENDLY TO EACH OTHER. That's right, the chained up ork will ONLY one shot you as you lead a pack of humans by him. The hyper aggro insects only target you after running by 5 guards. Even the elves are only hostile to humans in the cut scenes since all the humans are dead by the time you reach the elves.Laughably with the horrid combat they actually make you go through a ""final boss fight"" which might as well be an open room. Better hope you didn't waste all your consumables on the way to it.Next is ""level design"". There are about 7~ levels in the game. These levels are fairly nice with secrets and multiple paths throughout. They were fun to play through the first time... the second... not so much. You might be asking what I mean by ""the second"". You see, in this game you go through levels in this order; 1,2,3,4,5,5,4,3,2,1,6,6,6.5. For WHATEVER REASONS they thought it would be a good idea to have you go through five levels and then literally go backwards through all five again to the first with the ONLY difference being more and harder enemies. I just can't forgive that.Finally let's talk about the plot. This is where spoilers might happen so if you're still interested in the game skip this. The 'plot' is a nearly non existent patch work of quarter fleshed out ideas with so many holes it should have been packaged as swiss cheese. You're Styx, a character who apparently originated from ""Of Orcs and Men"" (not that it matters in the slightest). You're in a human city searching for the heart of a magic tree (you don't know why). There was an elf/human war for the tree and there is a tense truce so they can share the tree. The tree produces ""amber"" which is like a drug essentially for humans, but the elves use it to connect their minds with one another and are born from it (?). You plod through five levels of the game setting your ""plan"" in motion (stealing a key here, finding a map there, etc.). In level five you are going to free a guy (you don't know) from prison. This guy turns out to be you! He says this was his plan all along, you're a clone, and he stabs you and leaves. You didn't die and decide you want to take revenge. You plod back through the five levels you just went through finding out all sorts of lore that screws up the entirety of this plotline, and eventually take revenge by destroying the heart in front of real Styx and committing suicide (to show you're in control of your own life). Oh and he does this by backflopping into a pool of amber which clones clone Styx 1000 times and they all crawl out and eat real Styx.When I say you find lore that screws up the plot I mean things like; this isn't the only tree, just the only one in human land. The amber mind link works with you as well so real Styx knows everything you're doing, but for the convenience of story he doesn't. This point is made worse by the fact that you discuss your plans with an elf whom we already have established Styx can hear since he ""hears everyone that's ever touched amber"". One of your powers is making clones of yourself and killing them once they're done with their job THE MAIN REASON YOUR PLAYER CHARACTER IS ANGRY. HE EVEN POINTS THIS OUT SAYING ""We'll I'd have done the same thing. I do do the same thing in fact!""Like I said in the opening this game oozes potential, but it fails itself on SO many levels."
,Recommended,242640,20912137,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Murv,I just finished the game i need more i feel empty HALP
,Recommended,242640,17779443,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Frigidman,"If you know how to work around the GAME-BREAKING bugs, then this game can be mostly enjoyable to the end. Well, for the most part. If you play on any difficulty other than goblin mode, it isn't just trial and error till you pass and hit quick-save and move on. The mechanics and AI and bad pathing, along with the flying bodies during 'silent kill'... its just too hit or miss if you survive. I'd say this is worth the romp if you can get it on sale. It clearly is NOT worth full asking price due to the bugs they refuse to fix, and the bad mechanics they also refuse to improve on. So don't support them by paying full price, because they are not supporting gamers with a full game.Pros:Interesting overall.Visually can be neat and with amazing areas.100% achievable without being an insane power gamer.Cons:Lots of game breaking bugs you have to learn how to avoid so it doesnt force you to start from scratch.Some voice overs (golbin thoughts) are loud and annoying.Jumping controls are very bad... hold jump to NOT jump up all the way?? wth??Ledge controls are bad, no way to easily just pop down to hold onto a ledge you are standing on.Meh:Story.Dialog.Stealth mechanics.Audio."
76561198008990207,Recommended,242640,27346246,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mrcreazil,"Good stealth game, interesting world, and one of the few games I can think of where reusing assets comes off as more cool than just cheap. The story has you infiltrating a place and then having to sneak back out, giving a reason for you to play through earlier areas in reverse with higher security and new challenges."
,Recommended,242640,25464894,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,VanGuardian,"A Goblin in a dark fantasy universe, where you sneak, steal and assassinate.  Need I say More XD"
76561198116045523,Recommended,242640,17992412,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,legohayden,"I got this game fairly recently and have finished a fair amount of the game playing mostly on normal difficulty.First off, it takes a lot of getting used to, the first few missions may seem impossible to someone you dousn't typicly play hardcore stealth games like this. I felt that way but I was pleasently suprised with some of the badass moments I could pull off.If you were expecting an easy casual stealthg game than this isnt the game for you, but if your looking for a real challenge that keeps you coming back to lok for new routes around groups of enemies than you'll get hooked with this game.As far as machanics go the stealth and movement aspect is usually pretty smooth with only a couple moments that i found myself faling when I didnt want to or jumping into the abyss. The combat is a little strange and clunky but that just gives you more of a reason not to get caught.Overall if you're in for a challenge in stealth you should definetly check this game out!"
,Recommended,242640,19748156,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,PugLife,"I have not wrote many reviews so far but you feel from the beginning when a game is good or it is not.. And I can't decide here.Probably the Pro/Con list can help me judge it..Pro:Good graphic with only a few imperfectionsGood skills tree (even if I just started it and only activated 2)Good Soundtrack and music in generalCon:.Heavily copy/paste of npc.Absolutely any trace of something even similar to an AI.Dialogues too close to nowadays/everyday talks than reflecting the actual period of the game.Prepare for frequently Save games (you'll die more than you think).You will feel Stxy's movements ""forced"" and not fully blended with the environment around him (you walk close to a chair, this chair will fell making lot of noise - just the first coming to my mind)Ok it is clear that there are more cons than pro.. I'd still recommend this game because overall it looks good and it is like playing one of those old games with tons of movements and npc problems but with a better graphic, a graphic used in the nowadays games (more or less).ps. Buy this game when on sale only, not worth the full price"
76561198029264722,Recommended,242640,23107814,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,mcmechau,"What can I say.......hmmmmm,WELL HE'S A 1 MAN (GOBLIN) SHOW.Game has a great storyline, with a lot of action thrown in for good measure.   8-.)You'll need to be fast with your mouse, and/or gamepad, timing is critical.Get it while it's on sale @ 75% off.  Good Hunting"
76561197987851575,Recommended,242640,30718650,Posted: 24 March,all,Ces :D,Amazing stealth game. This is what Thief4 should have been. As someone who's played nearly every stealth game out there I can say that Styx is in my top 5 stealth games. If you liked the original Thief series then you will like Styx as the stealth mechanics and open environemnts with lots of hiding spaces and secret passages. It's got a different personality and flavor than Thief so it's definitely it's own creature. I'll certainly be buying Styx 2. Thanks! :)
,Recommended,242640,30722538,Posted: 25 March,all,Zed2100,"Horribly slow and boring first mission, which made me leave the game unplayed for several months. However, once you get past it, you are playing a metal gear game in a fantasy universe with a goblin as Solid Snake. The game has incredibly rewarding stealth mechanics, most people are complaining about combat, but I think it is well designed despite the fact that I hate QTEs, it is underpowered as it should be in any good stealth game."
76561197988576610,Recommended,242640,19836129,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Probably Drunk,"This is a fantastic true stealth game where your character is mostly vulnerable and relies on cunning and quiet to survive. If you are a die hard fan of fast paced action games with multi-kill multipliers, then this might not be the game for you. It takes patience and pacing to move through each level, which by the way has some of the best level-design I've ever experienced. The humor is a little off-putting for me personally, not because of the moderate profanity, but just the attempt at ribald comedy in a dark and dirty world feels somehow mismatched. All of that aside, I actually love the game play and would high recommend this for anyone looking for a heavily stealth-oriented adventure based in an amazingly designed, non-linear world."
76561198040659823,Recommended,242640,21507291,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,egby,great story good gameplay 9/10
76561198081371819,Recommended,242640,23355788,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"A good solid no nonsense stealth game.Had a few moments where you could tell it was lower budget and the mechanics irritated me but overall better than a few of the high budget titles I've tried recently(Thief, the most recent splinter cell) as far as stealth dynamics go.I got this and a bunch of other games from the developer in a bundle and have liked all of them so far."
76561198219870067,Recommended,242640,28548489,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Epic14,awesome game! just dont come in expecting to hack and slash your way through it...... or you wont have fun
76561198074620816,Recommended,242640,23474249,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Edusaurio,"Styx Master of Shadows, un videojuego increible! con muchas horas de juego, un gran apartado artistico y una historia bastante atrayente. Styx entra a mi biblioteca de juegos favoritos dentro del genero de sigilo, te da gran cantidad de alternativas para completar tu mision, un monton de caminos, una gran cantidad de enemigos y un gameplay bastante solido.Buscando Sigilo encontre a Styx y alucine y me diverti por muchas horas logrando diferentes caminos.Recomendado al 100%PD: Styx Shards of Darkness se nos vieneeeeee!! HYPEEE!"
,Recommended,242640,30482889,Posted: 12 March,all,RAIZO,"Thief and Tenchu went to a bar one night. They had some drinks, a few laughs and one thing lead to another <no protection of course> and 9 months later a baby was born. Oddly enough it was an orc....his name is Styx. Nuff' said!"
76561198020971127,Recommended,242640,19405010,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sventorious,Excellent stealth game.
76561198017561364,Recommended,242640,19421509,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[SCZ]Celestrian,good stealthgame. haven´t seen that in 5years ++
,Recommended,242640,19538507,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ClockCock,I really enjoyed Styx it is a great stealth game and I loved every minute of it. 10/10
76561198064952074,Recommended,242640,29005494,Posted: 4 January,all,Luringen,Thin story. Ok game. 4/6.
76561197988667245,Recommended,242640,13174449,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,andyjadams,"A great little game.  A real diamond in the rough.  You can play it as you like, head on or in the shadows.  There are real challenges here that are satisfying when you reach the goal.A nice little story line but that is always secondary to me.  It's really just an excuse to tie a bunch of levels together.  And the levesl aren't small.  There are plenty of ways to get where you want to be.  The extra challenges make you explore more to get what you want.This is a must for stealth fans, especially those that were dissapointed by the latest Thief.  The combat isn't great, but if you are in combat then you've done something wrong.  Sorry but it's true.  Search around some more and you wil find the path you need. And they are not obvious.Overall a great little game with a fun ugly little green hero.  I totally recommend this game to stealth gamers and those that like the genre."
76561198168481876,Recommended,242640,25468622,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,darthwarth,I'm only five hours in but I'm hooked. I had no idea this game existed but this is exactly the type of thing I like. I play Assassin's Creed in the same manner as this where the game allows so to have a whole game that you have to play stealthily is perfect for me. If you're the same then I recommend it.
,Recommended,242640,25479209,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,mok_kw,Great level design. A golbin as the protagonist is very extraordinary.
,Recommended,242640,23119613,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ms.TAKE,It's worth playing for sure.Yet the main sad thing is 3PPperversionapplied to Stealth game.
76561198126969804,Recommended,242640,32365029,Posted: 12 June,all,✪ V.I.P,10\10
76561198045272521,Recommended,242640,30327391,Posted: 4 March,all,The King of Fools,"TL;DR: The actual GAMEPLAY REVIEW is at the bottom of this post.A really solid stealth game that i do enjoy a lot. I cant really understand some of the negative reviews here( i think the game had mixed reviews when i bought it. Nice to see that has changed).Due to that i just want to point out issues others had and what i think about them.1. - The graphicsThe game sure looks a bit older than it should, given it was released in 2014. But what it lackstextures shaders and whatnot does not outweight the beautiful atmosphere of the tower. This depends on everyonesindividual taste though i guess. I can see the ""dungeon"" like levels looking a bit too much alike, thats a bummer.2. - The AIThat one is a bit tricky, the AI is in no way smart and thus lets you lure it into traps if you know how to do it. But ithink thats we wouldnt want that to be any different, as luring/dividing and killing enemies is what a stealth game isall about. If the AI would make any sudden moves or not walk in a patern the game would be infuriating and killing anenemy may almost be a question of luck. Sometimes the AI acts really weird though, doesnt go after you afteryou made a sound, though clearly stating it heard you. On other times they see a corpse they shoulsnt see.This however comes down to my major flaw with this game, bugs.3. - The BugsI encountered numerous bugs in the game, that may make it unenjoyable.One example would be that, when you load a game (e.g. quick load after you died) corpses may glitch through theground, eventually falling into the next floor and alarming the guards. Doesnt happen too often though.What really bugged me was the fact that killing enemies ""by accident"" sometimes didnt work that well. as soon asthey find a corpse they get suspicious and draw their weapons. A work around is to send your clone out. As the AIwill suspect him as the evil doer, kill him and remain uncautios thereafter.4. - The ControllsThis one is minor, as you get used to it. I do not know wther the game is a console port or not, but it sure feels like it.I guess playing it with a controller would have made things better. Other than that its sometimes hard to pull of adifficult jump onto an edge, but that felt more like a challange to me and ususally worked out after a few times.Looking at the gameplay it is a bit annoying that you cannot ""round"" cover while hanging off a ledge. That wasespecially surprising (and disappointing) as you cant do that while in normal cover.THE GAMEPLAY REVIEWThe Game feels (disregarding the facts above) super great. If you enjoy stealth games i can really recommend thisgame. The atmosphere and (VERY vertical) overall leveldesign of the tower is super great, despite the rather oldgraphics.The Gameplay itself offers some fresh touches to the game that sure was a little... Say ""influenced"" by Dishonored.Due to your small sice you can hide under tables some shelves and other unique cover. Bumping into smaller Objectsaround makes sounds and may alert guards, forcing you to move really cautios.There is also the ability to create a seperately movable clone of yourself, to lure, distract, or even kill your enemies.As an example you can make some noise and attract a few guards with your clone, make them chase you to anotherroom where your true self awaits to drop a chandelier onto the whole bunch.The story so far is okayish, but ended in a really nice plot twist that may result in a really good story. Unfortunatelyim not far enough yet to say more about this. Oh and you can collect♥♥♥♥♥♥and do sidequests, thats nice.(Note that i have no idea about the combat system as i play on the difficulty wo direct combat,e.g. get detected = your dead)So should you buy the game?If you do like stealth games and dont mind the issues above, thats a YES(you may want to wait for a sale though, the game drops to 5€ (EU))"
,Recommended,242640,27804885,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Riordian,"Prety solid, good gameplay, highly recomended, cant wait for 2 to come out"
,Recommended,242640,23673437,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Yudoz,"To be honest I've rather mized feelings for Styx: Master of Shadows.On one hand the plot was really not the strongest point of this game, but on the other hand it's one of the most challenging  stealth games I know.Though from time to time the controls seem a bit clumsy from time to time.I'd still recommend the game but it has it's flaws, some may find them too much to bare.Edit after 2 days: Looking back at the plot I actually realized it was excellent, ingenious even, the story telling didn't do the plot perhaps justice, or at least it didn't strike me.Still would recommend the game, maybe a bit more than originally."
,Recommended,242640,23496825,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,nkdinz,Enjoyed this game. Very fun and challenging stealth game. Recommended for all stealth game fan
76561198045758384,Recommended,242640,30317869,Posted: 4 March,all,Ardis,"I'm pretty torn on this game, I wish there was a neutral review option. I think as far as stealth games go this is a great game, and despite the many frustrations I had with it I kept coming back to finish because there is fun to be had, (hence the thumbs up) but by the end I was ready to be done.Where to start...this game requires extreme patience. This means no running through guards, taking the shortest or most direct route to an objective, or getting into every fight you can. In fact I felt the game punished you for doing so, as direct combat is not only not in your favor (ever), but extremely boring and lackluster. When you are confronted by a guard you get into a sort of duel with them, you have to then click to parry at just the right time. After you do it a few times it becomes the worst thing and you will try to avoid combat altogether. In some instances you will simply be shot and killed by a crossbowman and it's over. Despite my best efforts I did find myself dying alot, not just in combat but to bad edge detection. Sometimes I would fall right off a ledge when I wanted to grab it, other times I would pull myself right into a torch and burn to death when I just wanted to hang. Then I would get frustrated and just try and sprint through a level, which would lead to another miserable death by the guards. In some instances the game would bug, and a guard would discover a dead body that wasn't there, only to alert the guards to come look at the invisible corpse and find me hiding nearby, ruining everything.The levels are absolutely massive, which is a good and bad thing in my opinion. I felt like the game was presenting you with a set of problems and saying ""OK figure this out however you want, you have lot of options!"" While I certainly appreciate the fact that there are many roads to get to the same destination, it just dragged so bad. I mean this game is way too long for what it is...I think this is seriously my biggest gripe. This is a stealth game with very limited character customization, so you know what you are getting yourself into early on. After the first 2-3 hours in you get it. This does not need to be a 15-20 hour game. The story itself only gets mildly interesting after a major plot twist about halfway through game. So making it longer just made it boring the more I played. Had it been shorter I think the experience would have been more memorable, but there just isn't enough substance here for a 15 hour playthrough, you're sneaking around not grinding to lvl 99 so you can fight Emerald Weapon.Anyway, once I learned to have some patience the game was much more fun, I don't feel like you have any other choice when you play this game. You have to be patient and accept that you'll die alot, once you do there is fun to be had. The stealth action can be very rewarding at the end of a long mission were you went undetected, didn't use any items, or were able to hide every dead body. All in all I am glad I played through it and got in on a sale, not sure I would have bought it otherwise. Several of the achievements were also fun and fairly easy to get too if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,242640,12450240,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Talvox,"First impressions (because I've only completed the intro mission)Very good. A simple explanation would be Dishonored in third person, but you're a goblin thief. Except it's much more than that.The gameplay focuses heavily on stealth elements, and the climbing is reminiscent of Assassin's Creed. The character (Styx) can create a clone to provide distractions so you can get away safely, or you can simply become invisible to get away from a group of guards, because unlike in Assassin's Creed, Styx can't handle a full batallion of guards or so and get away completely unscathed. As such, it tells you that you need to be undetected as much as possible, though you can handle the occasional single guard or two (After reloading your save a few times, of course.). It uses the Unreal Engine, so the graphics are pretty stellar, and I've yet to find any SD textures.I preordered the game, and it was completely worth it. I haven't had this much fun in a stealth game since I played through Dishonored, and Dishonored was amazing. The voice acting is good, and the voices fit the characters well. Though, in the game engine cutscenes the lip syncing isn't that great, but it's ignorable, and besides, the rest of the game makes you forget the lip syncing issues."
,Recommended,242640,12453971,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,CookingApple,Easily one of the best games i have played so far this year. 15 hours of gameplay and a lot of room for a player to get better.For it's selling price you definitely get value for your money.
76561198019527725,Recommended,242640,21715863,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Phantom Renegade,This game is hard but fun
76561198040538972,Recommended,242640,30227767,Posted: 27 February,all,karhu,Styx is pretty good game if you enjoy staying still 50% of the gaming time and listening to RNGuards repeating the same 3 sentences for 20 hours.
76561197983473877,Recommended,242640,20023972,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MoWoM,"Great game. I keep coming back to this game and I am never bored. Styx 2? Wow, can't wait..."
,Recommended,242640,12403074,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Gittons,"a truely skillful and smart player is needed even on normal mode,this game is hard, brutal, frustating and unforgiving for a stealth game, you will die and die and die and just let them kill you because it is faster over and over and yet it is good, very good but man, go into this game like dark souls or something, ready to be F'd sideways for hours and hours.before i got to the first area where you could get the first upgarde in the game i was nearly rage quiting, on normal mode.9/10 what a b*tch.so here is some tips,1) keep an eye out, srsly, collectables even on level 1 is very very very easy to miss and hard to get,2) save manually, the auto save sucks hard core, if you have just slowly taken 40 minutes and died on the last part the auto save will take you back before those 40 minutes,3) kill only when you need too, more bodies are bad, silent kills are lengthy to pull off too.4) every level seems to be huge and open but they also have this, ""grand path"" as i like to call it which will take you from one collactable to another, find the path, learn it, use your eyes and think.5) some areas have very powerful secrets, the first area, the distillery has one that causes half the zone to be deadly to everyone but you, making it safe and silently killing off any and all that come close but to turn that one on you have to find, with 0 hints, a single valve and press it...again, eyes, use them.6) go high, use it to scout, use sand to turn off lights and knifes to clear annoying gaurds then go all the way back and take the ground. it works a lot.7) use your clone, now i never used him and i had trouble all over so i started again and man your clone is helpful, from luring gaurds into traps that you can then set off to distracting and scouting your clone is a god send and then some."
,Recommended,242640,21614942,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,beeloy,meleyo: masat of shado
76561198048856324,Recommended,242640,13161758,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,IceCity,Best game i've played for a very long time. :)9/10
,Recommended,242640,21474560,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,$L!CK_J.Mi$t@,If you like old school 'Hitman'....BUY THIS GAME!If you like old school THIEF....BUY THIS  GAME!If you like pure stealth titles.....BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,242640,21435246,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Grau,Medieval Splinter Cell... Awesome!
76561198047887544,Recommended,242640,17870198,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,mackiewooster,"Some aspects of this game go unexplained, but once you figure them out, it's an amazing game."
76561198025674273,Recommended,242640,14460486,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Toki,Ihz can finally plehy dah Grot Simulatah.
76561198120397785,Recommended,242640,14726988,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,GG Joe,It is like a mix between Dishonored and the old Splintercell games.
76561197971465808,Recommended,242640,26600433,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,MRO,good game has some funny dialog 7/10
76561198149765940,Recommended,242640,26490376,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Fachry Strife,You have to play this game if u love stealth game :)
76561198046901307,Not Recommended,242640,29347653,Posted: 18 January,all,Junior Belch,"Story isn't this games strong suit. The combat once you get detected is pretty much nonexistent so no hope for accepting it once they see you, you better just load back. Stealth mechanics are nice, but again, if you get seen theres no chance for recovery. Climbing can be a major hassle sometimes, as well as dropping to ledges. The abilities are a little underwhelming, at least in the short amount of time I was willing to put into the game. I guess I was just expecting a bit more from this game and it fell flat for me. If you're into sticking to the shadows and not killing any guards, then you should have fun; for me not so much."
,Not Recommended,242640,30174489,Posted: 25 February,all,Pier,"Styx is a hit and miss. The level design is interesting, but the stealth system and AI seem half baked. Some mechanics such as the double are simply tedious.The game does a really poor job of informing you why you alerted a guard. Shadows that should cover you don't, slightly bumping into a chair alerts a guard in the floor below, and the fighting system is just terrible. The sound stealth system seems glitchy.The voice acting is good, but it's difficult to empathise with Styx's motivations (get his amber fix). And he really talks too much."
,Recommended,242640,18849767,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Meliodas,Rule of the game it's very fun challenging and  all around interesting
76561198010638934,Recommended,242640,18855557,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Windows 10 is Horrible.,Game is very enjoyable.Play on Goblin mode.I hope they make a sequel.
76561198009706358,Not Recommended,242640,32456848,Posted: 15 June,all,poomps77,I like Stealth but this isn't for me. It feels too clunky when playing and sometimes you land perfectly and other times you die just for jumping off the table.OFF THE TABLE!!! So its a no from me. Maybe I'll play it later when I'm baked.
76561198097660975,Recommended,242640,31556414,Posted: 5 May,all,HanzGretel,"Fun stealth game, I love the vulgarity of the goblin and the gameplay is fun aswell. The melee system is awfull, this is one of those games where when you are busted and get within melee range of a hostile enemy, you reload your latest save. Luckily you can make your own saves whenever you want Dishonered style. Final arena sucks. Took me 14 hours for the first playthrough, 2 hours of that were just me not seeing a couple hooks on a dark wall so I searched the entire map...(Not in the same league as games like thief or Dishonered, but still fun.)"
76561198026561976,Recommended,242640,15806090,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Darius Gabriel Black,"I'd give this game 8.5 out of 10, and I highly recommend it to anyone who loves infiltration.Love it, mostly.A few issues with overall polish, but considering it wan't a big budget game, I have to say it was extremely well done for what it is.If there's ever a sequel, there's a few things I'd love to see changed or added:Open world. I'd much rather play in a giant sandbox where I can go anywhere I want in the world. I don't necessarily mean 'above ground' - simply that I would have preferred to play Styx wiht the entirety of Akenash open to me at all times, rather than being limited to whatever 'level' I am currently playing.Better AI. There's really no jump in difficulty in any of the enemies until you get to the final level and face a handful of elve (and honestly, aside from not being able to kill them, the only difficulty is in getting past them undetected). The game needs more complex behavior by the enemies - being able to take cover, seek help/backup, better abilities, etc. They really are quite dumb, and become almost tediously predictable a few levels in. The difficulty in the game only arises from the manner in which these enemies are placed, and the game becomes more about discerning the geometry of how detection works. Detection itself could be enhanced and more nuanced.The story started off great, but felt like it got more and more rushed, almost as if the writers were suffering from fatigue, as you get to the end, and became incongruous/confusing in parts. I think this is likely due to the low budget, so I am somewhat forgiving of it - gamplay matters to me much more in a game like this, and this game has superb gameplay.A greater variety and diversity of enemies would have been cool. The humans, dumb AI aside, were fairly diverse - there  are a number of different enemies with slightly different abilities, although it always boils down to getting caught or not. I would have liked to see a little more diversity in abilities among the humans (the frost casting knights are a good example - need more along those lines), and an overall larger bestiary. Giant spiders, baby dragons, and other nasties would have been cool to add variety to the game. The elf 'damned' (spirits) were my least favorite enemy in the game.Still, for it's flaws, it's an incredibly value at $30 (and sometimes on sale). It took me roughly 70 hours to play, and I restarted around the third level to play it on the hardest difficulty. Definitely a good value, and I hope to see a sequel, with more polish this time.Edit: I'm super stoked to learn that there's going to be a sequel in 2016!!! So happy about this, can't wait to see what they add."
76561198137038132,Not Recommended,242640,32890286,Posted: 27 June,all,aw1984charm,"I made a mistake buying this game. I've only put about one hour into this and I just can't go on. There are two aspects to this game, the stealth and the combat. I know it's a stealth game, so combat was not the main function, but if spotted, combat is how you defend yourself. Ending up in combat is punishment for failing stealth, and this is fitting because the system is so awful, that it's better to just stop playing, allow them to kill you, and then try again. The way the system works, is that you cannot attack them. You must wait for them to attack you, then block their attack and then strike while they are fazed. However, this very quickly devolves into a game of pong when the other play either doesn't swing their sword, or swings it at random without any sense of timing. There were so many time that my dagger went right into their body while they just stood there, but no damage was taken, since it wasn't after they stuck me. Not that they had a shield up, or they dodged it, it just didn't count because reasons. And when it comes to blocking their attacks, you just stand there waiting for them to hit you. There is no doging, evading, tactics, or anything else. You just stand there until they hit you, and then you click to deflect their attack, which is frustratingly annoying to time. Because of this, battles become a boring mindless wait, then click, then wait, then click, which you will probably lose because of the reidiculous nature of the whole thing.The main part of the game is the stealth, which ties me directly to the controls. The concept is interesting, but when you're creeping aong a bar over the heads of guards trying not to get noticed, and then you encounter AN INVISIBLE WALL acorss the beam for no reason, how do you deal with that. I actually had to jump over it and land on the other side of the beam, the noise from which alerted th eguards to my precense. Controling the character is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Anyone here remember that N64 game about the plastic green army men? It works about that well. And while I loved that ♥♥♥♥ing game, that wasnt' a complex stealth, adventure game. Fluid controls are essential to a stealth game, more than any other (exept maybe a platformer)It simply was just not fun. I tried to force myself to keep playing, to give it a chance to prove me wrong, but every single opportunity it had either confirmed grievences I had, or gave me new ones. I'm not gonna keep going, because this is just a game review and there's no reason to go on a diatribe, but to wrap it up, don't buy this game."
,Recommended,242640,35015109,Posted: 16 September,all,LowEndGamer_,This game is good. BUT the only thing that make me cringe is the combat system. its a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242640,23108782,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Shine,Really good stealth game. Some bug issues but overall a very enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,242640,18411922,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,parkourdude91,Difficulties:EasyNormalHardGoblin10/10 for Goblin Simulator
,Not Recommended,242640,35005525,Posted: 16 September,all,B!,"I was enjoying this game for a couple of hours, but it's let down was a game breaking bug for me.There is an area where you need to be pretty stealthy. If you're spotted, you're done, and you need to reload. That I could live with. However, if you happened to have killed a guard and the body is spotted - it's also overs for you.What completely kills it though, is that if you kill a guard and die because the body is found, it seems like that body (or at least its ghost form) is in the same place where you killed it in a previous save. You can't see it, the guards give no indication of them finding something, but you get a ""dead body has been found"" notification - and you die.I could live with the weak story and monotonous sneaking around and stealth kills. But when I load a previous saved game, and immediately die because a dead body has been found - that's where I draw the line.If you can't be bothered with reloading a saved game from the beginning of that level if this happens to you, or killing no one that entire level, save yourself some money and time, and buy something else."
76561198085250870,Not Recommended,242640,35092631,Posted: 20 September,all,Frei Renan,I really liked this game until I got stuck in the hideout and apparently it is a known glitch and haven't been fixed since 2014... wasted 40 hours redoing all the missions but can't leave the hideout! Zero support!
76561198155907179,Recommended,242640,23770365,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Stan Wolfgang,"Probably my favorite stealth game. Runs well, good graphics, not buggy. Worth the money!"
76561198131783870,Recommended,242640,25254425,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Respawn,Finally i get to live out my dreams of being a little green♥♥♥♥♥hole that stabs people from behind. and not in the way your thinking you sick ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,242640,29098626,Posted: 7 January,all,Phantom Lord,"Bought on 2016 Christmas sales. Have to say didn't regret it.It might have some flaws but its very decent to say the least.At 30euros, I don't recommend it. On a sale, its a must have for stealth gamers."
76561198053844642,Recommended,242640,25420659,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Mean Deenn,"One of the best games on Steam. Great story, great stealth. Enemy pathing could be smoother, but all in all: ""would Styx again"""
76561197991110051,Not Recommended,242640,34153901,Posted: 10 August,all,Quixote,"I really wanted to like this game, I have spent over a dozen hours on it and unfortunately will probably delete it before I finish it.  I looked forward to this for quite some time and have been searching for another great stealth game in the same vein as Dishonored.What I feel that I purchased is a quick save quick load simulator with stealth elements.Positives:-Good looking game with great mechanics (camera and point of view).-Beautiful sets with diverse areas to explore...-Stealth kills are fun and diverse and make use of the terrain and location of Styx/RakashNegatives:-Stealth, meh, Armored knights with plate mail clinking, feet stomping and muttering can somehow see and hear a diminutive barefoot goblin making less noise than a mouse fart at a hundred paces and will immediately call their buddies, kill you and you have to reload your last quicksave...which I hope you did, very recently.-Combat requires you to parry once or thrice to finally stab the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, even if he is not swinging you must wait until he swings and then parry and if you kill somebody his buddy gets to hit you first because that body you are standing on was just picked up by the same action/keystoke used for parry, at this point on normal you are dead and I hope you have recently quick saved... F5 learn that key; possibly the most important key in the game at least twice as important as the dialogue.-Exploring, with huge sets full of hidey holes, anchor points, ledges and whatnot it should be fun to explore, but no.  I would rather race through it on the most direct path than hear the lumbering iron clad, stomping, apple munching, while looking through a tiny peep slit in his visor knight call out to his buddies to look over there.  Oh, knights must have large things dropped on them, so if he sees you ... just, will you know.... quickload before it says you died.-Jumping... if it works you grabbed something if not you died and are currently reloading your last quicksave because Auto save means chapter beginning and/or the last cutscene.  Meaning all of your accidental success was just wiped clean."
,Not Recommended,242640,24301563,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ninja Vaen,"I've heard nothing but good things about this game--and I'm sure for many, it is fantasically fun.But for me, this game isn't much fun. At all, in fact.I find this game not only frustrating and unsatisfying to play, but the gameplay controls and mechanics are terrible, to say the least, and the gameplay itself feels strange and clunky.Being an avid lover of stealth games, I can't find many positive elements within Styx: Master of Shadows."
,Not Recommended,242640,32632422,Posted: 21 June,all,Wiggles,Everything's great except for the gameplay. It's just frustrating.  There's a lot of inconsistencies that you can only discover by failing repeatedly.
76561198037641473,Recommended,242640,28842900,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DeVe,NOTHING MORE YOU COULD WANT IN A STEALTH GAME 0.0
,Recommended,242640,28724826,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,iFrog,great game recommend it to every stealthlovers
76561198020085437,Recommended,242640,12411149,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Nokzen,"Awesome stealth game :) I really enjoy the gameplay and the story in this, its really good fun.If you enjoy some stealth killing and sneaking about, this is a perfect game for you, pick it up and try it out or Watch My walkthrough here:http://youtu.be/BrDjZaZFlQ4"
,Recommended,242640,12442045,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,코바보,"This game is basically a better Assassins Creed game, Besides the combat phase, then it minimises the chance of your escape.(Before you assume I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game, Im playing on the hardest difficulty.)If you like stealth games, this is really one you should consider, and with this price, why the hell not!"
,Recommended,242640,34972102,Posted: 15 September,all,Saitama,Incredibly hard stealth game that I'm thoroughly enjoying right now. Only buy if you want a challenge as this game is in no way easy.
,Not Recommended,242640,20255023,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nanj!,"Styx is a stealth game about some kind of goblin, who is thing trying to do something and steal stuff along the way.The maps are pretty open and there isn't really any ""correct path"" to the goal. Lots of rafters, ducts, closets and chandeliers. You're told where you need to get to, then off you go. It's quite like the original Thief games in that respect. Really needs some kind of light-meter though - terrible lighting makes it difficult to know when you're concealed in darkness or not.AI is mostly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (not charmingly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like Deus Ex) and breaks often. Guards tend to stop mid-patrol and never move again. Quicksaves are useful. There isn't really any incentive for being a pacifist, so you can just kill everyone, using stealth, of course. Combat isn't at all a viable way to dispatch enemies.The story is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ but no-one plays games for the story, right?Not terrible, but not worth buying for more than a fiver. Definitely is a game and provides a few hours of enjoyment, but that turns into several more hours of chore, leading to its inevitable abandonment.Another one for the ""will never finish"" collection."
,Recommended,242640,23750042,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,If you like Stealth games then this is a MUST have.7 stages of well crafted level design with an interesting story. Took memore than 10 hours to complete(Offline player)It works kinda like Metal Gear but with a twist of a medieval  era lore and ability
76561198036951314,Not Recommended,242640,16036290,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ironstein,"Like a lot of stealth games, it sounds good on paper, but the execution often fails.  The combat system sucks, and rightly so but it is almost impossible to get the timing of the parry right.  This is the only way that you can win in combat.  When the game forced you into a combat situation, I died somewhere around 10 - 12 times before I finally got past this stage. Almost immediately, I was beset with a bug where I created a clone, destroyed it  and then couldn't move again.  Considering how long this game has been out, I think this is unforgivable. It makes a lot of promises but doesn't deliver.  Save your money and buy ""Mark of the Ninja"" instead."
,Recommended,242640,18212178,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,AXE MURDERER (Lv. 1242),sticks
,Recommended,242640,16093068,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"Styx: Master of Shadows is an infiltration game with RPG elements taking place in a dark fantasy universe, where you sneak, steal and assassinate your way through as Styx, a Goblin two-centuries of age.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4Vto3pRla8- Highly Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,242640,15325963,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Draxxalon,"First half of the game is entertaining, then you have to play through the same levels again, backwards.Then it gets even less fun, as you go through a series of encounters with the ""boss"" - which is to say you come out of a cutscene, have a couple seconds to react, or die.  Every time you run into him, you go through this ""fun"" sequence.No relevance to your sneaking or killing skills you have built up playing this game.  It all comes down to ""react or die"".WORST boss encounters I've encountered in a long time.   I finally gave up on the final (i think) encounter and deleted the game.   I honestly don't care enough to go through more of these react-or-die scenes."
,Recommended,242640,34404582,Posted: 21 August,all,♕ SaFteiNZz ' [SaFt1Zz],"Styx: Master of Shadows is overall a good game that I would recommend.Its most difficulty is almost imposible beacuse of the lack of checkpoints. You can even fail a part of a mission in the end and have to start all over from the beggining due to this.The gameplay can make you crazy sometimes since Styx sometimes grabs to everything or just fall from the corner without giving a f**k of anything and make you start all over again.All this cons are about the max difficulty of course since they oneshot you, thing that I really like for a stealth game. But damn I almost crash the PC a bunch of times because Styx keeps grabing into corners  when I'm droping off so the guards see me ..Overall I'm having such a good time, and no matter what I'll pass this s**t in max difficulty and try to grab all achievements but I'm sure I will have a hard time.So I recommend this game because of its difficulty, its stealth gameplay and its history and characters.I don't recommend this because of the gameplay of Styx when jumping and dropping off corners and the lack of checkpoints which make the previous ""con"" a killmaker.I'll call this a ""Yes, I do recommend it"" because even with the problems I'm having fun and I feel challenged and  for me that's what games are supposed to be for.Greetings."
,Recommended,242640,35023490,Posted: 17 September,all,stormrage,"The game isn't bad, but if you are used to playing casually AC series, this game might feel really hard at some points. First half of the game I had to reload many many many times, but the game actually started to be fun after getting used to it. Play it if you are seeking a challenging stealth game, but avoid if you don't have much time and just wanna spend your 1-2 free hours having fun ""casually""."
76561198325906884,Recommended,242640,34903791,Posted: 12 September,all,Cubertino,3 hours into the game and so far I must say it was absolutely worth it! A hard (but rewarding) gameplay with extremely simple and flexible mechanics. I can give it 7/10 without a blink.*Edit*5:30 hours into the game and it's even better!
,Recommended,242640,35056085,Posted: 18 September,all,bun00b,Witty goblin being all sneaky and stabbing people from the shadows. What do you want more?
76561198146165016,Recommended,242640,35067656,Posted: 19 September,all,yuzuhibiki,"Best thing about this game? Stealth version of darksouls. Takes like 2 hours for every mission, does get quite tiring when you have to quick save alot.Worst thing about this game? Combat system which revolves around parrying oppnent attack while getting gangbang by others. Just play goblin mode and get one shot instead much easier or stealth. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics and kinda boring story.Worth? yea maybe when its on offer. Helps to kill like an hour or two when you are bored."
,Recommended,242640,30459952,Posted: 11 March,all,The Punished Baiter,"The story is meh, but man, if you play this on goblin difficult,it is one of the most satisfaying stealth games that you will ever played, its soo frikin hard that sometimes is absurd, this game is a gem.8/10"
,Not Recommended,242640,26094893,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Sketch,"I really wanted to like this game, kind of in a Vin Diesel-ish, anti-hero sort of way. I even poured 17 hours into it, hoping it would pick up and be worth it.But after falling to my death for the umpteenth time due to the ""verticality challenged"" level design, turning a corner only to bump my nose into a quiet guard's crotch and systematically getting killed during another horrible, button-mashing quicktime event, and constantly losing my way because of the worthless mini-maps, I eventually had to break up with it. The final straw was ***SPOILER ALERT*** (if you want to call it that) the midway point plot twist that Styx broke himself out of prison with a clone of himself—and then you have to replay levels backwards that you've already been through. That's just cheap and lazy game design.The skills didn't really ramp up or provide much benefit. The guards—all samey humans with no elves, although they were mentioned—were hyper-sensitive and always on high alert, even on the easy setting. And the story essentially went nowhere, being way too difficult to follow. I appreciated the different, ape-like mechanics of Styx, his raunchy attitude, the limited arsenal, and even the Thief/Dishonored rip-off environments, but it all seemed to turn into a repetitive game of cat and mouse, not really stealth, and with little to no repercussions for killing everybody in sight.There are better games out there to play other than this. Unless you enjoy trial-and-error gameplay, along with plenty of deaths, and are infinitely patient, spare yourself from having to save every two minutes with this game. Find yourself something that doesn't resemble a half-baked concept that got funded into a bargain bin game. Here's hoping the sequel will be a bit more polished."
76561198050374800,Not Recommended,242640,29363336,Posted: 19 January,all,EnterTheRyGuy,"Damnit, I tried. I really tried to like this game, but I just cannot. I know I'm not too far into it, and I will finish it. But I can't imagine my opinion changing by the time I finish it. Maybe I'm a snob, but in my opinion, this game should hardly be considered stealth. Essentially it is because if you get caught sneaking, you're forced into combat (which is poorly executed  in the game). You can win your way out, but it's not fun or exciting, it's just click... click... click... click at the right time. If you're lucky enough to not get caught, which is an actual thing, because the guards are either super super intellectual, or are just normal. If they were all normal it would be more enjoyable, but I just had to turn this off because of how ridiculously good the A.I. can be. In short, one of the tricks you can do in the game is spit in some food lying around and if the guards eat it, they'll die in over the course of a minute. I spit in the food and then hid under a table, not seen at all. They both ate it within a few seconds of each other. when the first one died it set the other guard on alert. The guard on alert just so happens to look under the exact table where I am, for no reason. He alerted nearby guards, then he died.It's just.... not good. Not fun. Not stealth."
,Not Recommended,242640,17037092,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Baphomet,"Whew, so this game was kind of a struggle to the finish for me. I did beat it though.Styx: Master of shadows has you playing a goblin in a stealth action setting similar to thief except minus the stealing things part and plus a lot to murdering everything. The storyline is interesting and the devs do a good job with pushing the narriative along which is mainly what got me through the whole game. Also the MC has a very tongue-in-cheek sarcastic view of the world and the dialogue/monologue has it's own brand of dark humor.The stealth element of the game is absolutely central to the gameplay to the point where if you are discovered your chance of survival is very low especially if it's by two or more enemies. Normally in most stealth games this is not much of a problem because enemies are spaced out and have non-overlapping patrols, but in this game you will find areas to be VERY crowded, making traditional duck and weave navigation somewhat problematic. One of the mechanics, cloning (in which you make a duplicate of yourself with limited abilities) assists with this somewhat and even offers the chance when upgraded to set lethal traps for enemies. However, I found myself using it most of the time just to alert guards and get them to chase it so that I could pass areas in a reasonable amount of time. Most of the other abilities are somewhat useless. Invisibility costs A LOT of amber to use and only lasts a short while, and the combat skills are really only useful in 1v1 situations and don't help against hardened enemies like the knights or elves. So basically, you either pull entire rooms using your clone (easy & fast) or try and systematically eliminate targets until the way is clear (very very slow/difficult). Overall though, the crowdedness makes it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to stealth missions.Speaking of the enemies, the AI is very quirky and patrols seem very easy to glitch. Sometimes a path that an enemy takes 3 times in a row suddenly differs on the 4th for no apparent reason. I would think this is a feature except it also does things like teleport around during alerts and some enemies will even get stuck in corners or between objects indefinitely (for no reason!).The levels in this game are pretty huge, which seems like a truly impressive feat at first until you realize you spend the second half of the game backtracking all the way through them which I found to be kind of boring and a bit lazy design-wise. That being said, the overall design is nice and I would enjoy them more if it weren't for the last beef I have with this game: the controls.Controlling your character in this game can be a literal nightmare if you decide to go running around in high places. Targeted jumps to wall sconces work maybe 80% of the time and if you don't have your camera and directional tilted the exact way you will miss by a fair margin. Performing safe falls (e.g. lowering yourself until you are hanging by your hands and then dropping) is almost entirely guesswork and you may find yourself accidentally climbing all the way back up, potentially exposing yourself to danger. Also the corner turning is very awkward and the corner kill feature isn't very obvious as to what distance you can do it at (more guesswork). Simply put, the controls for this game, while adequate, can be frustrating as hell in tense situations where every second matters.Anyways, I _would_ recommend this game to someone if the devs were to fix the majority of my abovementioned gripes. Maybe even a fan-made patch could do it. In its current state though, I would recommend giving it a pass unless you are a die-hard fan of stealth games."
,Recommended,242640,34559811,Posted: 28 August,all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"This game is a stealth based game and it's pretty fun game.You are some kind of Oger and this game has a big plot twist so I will let you discover the story on your own.But I can tell you it's all set in a Medieval Time, the game doesn't have much to collect and you don't need to collect anything unless you want to 100% this game. Stealth is the best way to play the game, look around and look up and find a different path.Combat is not amazing, you must time your perry or die quickly plus it alerts others so yeah stealth is the best way.Wish the game had more collectibles and such but it's a good first game and I will buy the second game they made.I would recommend this game, but buy it onsale."
76561197968506604,Not Recommended,242640,30692563,Posted: 23 March,all,Shigawire,"A barebones thief, in a fantasy universe nearly copy-pasted straight out of Warhammer Fantasy.Maps are recycled, and reused 2 to 3 times. Shoddy map design. Poor controls, no button for hanging down a ledge.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,242640,32768551,Posted: 25 June,all,saz,"The game is 'good' for the first few hours, but is very tedious and monotonous after that.The gameplay loop is very repetitive and gets boring quickly."
,Recommended,242640,25102076,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,daenerys booty,"One of Peter Molyneux's greatest hits. You can do anything. And when you can't do that, you can do everything.Choice. You know what choice is in a stealth game? No, you don't.Choice is everything. You can do everything.Thank you Peter."
,Recommended,242640,13315796,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,riz,Goblin/10.Dishonored and THI4F are for kids.
76561198024975130,Not Recommended,242640,16830543,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Cartoon Head,Only made it half way though before I gave up.  Is ok but gets boring and repetative.
76561198089501075,Not Recommended,242640,24032829,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Neuhnee,"I know, I know, nothing will ever measure up to Thief. Especially the last few Thief games.I genuinely enjoyed the acrobatic movement, but having played the first two Thief games, Styx felt like a walking simulator to me. The stealth is so easy you can't take pride in never putting out any torches or not having to eliminate any guards, and aside from a few literal tokens there's not even anything to steal. There is a skill tree to improve abilities I never felt the need to use in the first place, and achievements for actions I wasn't allowed to complete because I never felt the need to consume any items."
76561198038847347,Not Recommended,242640,32726436,Posted: 24 June,all,Ozuse,This is game is one of the best stealth games I've ever played.  The fact that it's an indie game is astonishing for overall it has the quality of a mainstream AAA title.  The npc reaction is appropriate unlike poorly done stealth games such as Thief.  The downside really comes in the audio and some of the storyline.  The first major spoiler was a complete let down as I didn't want to play what you are I wanted to play what was expected.  The audio is flat and redundant as all the npcs in the game sound like they were voiced by one guy with different inflections.  All of these poor qulaity details I could overlook if it wasn't for the most notorios level: Deliverence Part 2/4.  This section of the game has a painful noise meant to portray that your character has a headache and in turn will give you a headache.  For a game about carefully sneaking around gaurds this is too much to forgive.  Some people had to stop playing alltogether as they couldn't grunt there way through the audio torture.  It is absolutely painful and that is no exageration.  The devs have not removed this audio file and for that reason I do no recommend this game.  It would be a decent game overall if not for causing its players physical pain.  I don't want to pay for pain that's utter nonsense.  Remove the painful noise and I'll recommend this game but until then shun this title.
,Not Recommended,242640,24720448,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,kcipopnevets,"Frustrating through and through. This is the literal definition of a diamond in a rough so I wouldn't buy this unless it's on sale. Commence the downvotes as I unintentionally personally attack you diehard fans with this review lmaoEdge detection is really bad.AI catches you even when you're totally concealed.Ragdolling is hilarious but awful to look at.Slow walking to an edge in order to hang is insane and I don't like its presence.The sheer amount swearing is ridiculous. Fresh out of middle school-like. Recommendation for the future is, for a minimal amount of bloat, to make inject more voice clips with lesser vulgarity to combat both repetitive and aural quirks.Graphics are really not that good. Doesn't make or break the game but the low budget wasn't focused on one particular spot.Optimization is a problem. Sometimes the camera will lag when pointed in a certain direction. GTX 970 should be more than enough to barrel through this.Some good things:Styx, or his character, is an excellent protagonist and my main motivation to play.The dialogue is worthy of a chuckle here and there.Infiltration stealth needs more entries and this is a welcome addition.I'm really digging the story.It's really rough around the edges functionally so this alone hindered me from liking it enough to recommend it. Stealth is up my alley but wow, I crashed so hard with this one. I managed to finish though but the final boss is a crapshoot, all I'm going to say. A shame as I had a lot of fun at first.All that said, I'm really looking forward to Shards of Darkness and I'm hoping these issues will be ironed out in the next iteration. Now all I have to do is get all the Insignias albeit slowly. Maybe I'll be done with Of Orcs and Men by then, who knows."
,Not Recommended,242640,24211155,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Peacku,"TL,DRPros:- Great environment and level design- Good voice acting and main characters seem to have interesting personalitiesCons:- Stealth doesn't feel real and breaks immersion- Autosave trolls you by saving right before your death- Your stealth indicator is a GLOW (seriously...)- Reusing the same face and some small outfit variants for all guards I encountered on the first 3 levelsI wanted to love this game after reading the reviews, but although I love stealth games, this isn't stealth. Guards can't see you even when they're looking directly at you as long as you're standing in a shadow zone and your arm is glowing (they decided to make you glow bright when you're stealthed? how does that help the immersion?) The only way I found to effectively kill people without being detected is resorting to invisibility or throwing knives that can one shot. Both are limited so once you run out you can either go back to trying broken stealth, or just find a route where no one will see you and you won't have to kill anyone, which works but is absolutely no fun.It is a shame because besides the main mechanic of the game being terrible, the game looks very nice. Not in terms of graphics (although they are definitely not bad), but in terms of level design and world building. The levels I played were quite big, with lots of alternative routes and a great sense of verticality, which is great for a stealth game that is all about exploring your surroundings and finding the best strategy.I wouldn't consider recommending this game unless you don't care about having to break the game to progress. For me personally, playing a stealth game is all about immersion and feeling invisible. Instead here I feel like an elephant in a room, playing with broken mechanics to kill someone. I'm making dodge rolls in plain line of sight of guards and they just keep repeating their line over and over without giving a single ♥♥♥♥. But hey it's normal, since my arm is GLOWING they can't see me!On top of this, I've had frequent autosave issues where it saved my game 0.1s before me getting killed and if I was lucky enough I could save my♥♥♥♥♥by triggering the invisibility power right about when the loading screen fades out. I've had to restart zones several times because of that and reading through the negative reviews I now see I am far from being the only one. This coupled with the broken stealth system completely broke my immersion and I just couldn't keep on playing.I want to restate I really wanted to like this game and I still think the level designers did a great job at creating a very cool environment for a stealth game. The problems I encountered were too distracting for me to be able to really enjoy it unfortunately. Maybe later into the game things get more interesting and less tedious, but 2 hours of playtime is all I will give it, at least for now."
,Not Recommended,242640,33023829,Posted: 29 June,all,Bazgrim,"They REALLY need to improve the controls of this game.After coming from Shadow of Mordor to this, the climbing and moving around feels extremely clunky.The localization of the game isn't the greatest either, the subtitles often have typos in them.For $6, it's okay, but not even close to $30 worth.The actual textures for Styx are pretty bad, the screenshots are really prettied up compared to the actual textures of the game.I hope they come back and polish the controls a bit and release an HD texture pack.The climbing controls are the real deal breaker for me, in addition to the AI randomly teleporting to various sections of the area and getting stuck when searching for me."
,Recommended,242640,16492197,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SAY10,you are a goblin who wants to steal a tree why not 20/10
76561198082058852,Recommended,242640,23779971,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Organized Anarchists United,To be honest the story was lacking throughout the game but the ending was brilliant. I would recommend for those that enjoy stealth games that aren't too difficult
,Recommended,242640,34862150,Posted: 10 September,all,Illya Orc Slayer,This game is flippin hard! It's great!
,Recommended,242640,29578337,Posted: 29 January,all,Fangadora,"For a stealth game, it is absolutely done right. You will never see many stealth games ever really promote playing stealthy anymore do to the market of action oriented players being the most common. This game unlike Dishonoured (A great stealth game, that leans more to the action side, which avoids the cliche of stealth games being fairly clunky with their controls and mechanics) The controls like most stealth oriented games can be clunky, and more than troublesome at times, but it is welcome since - A: There have been very few AAA oriented stealth games that have come out in a while, since again: the market is oversaturated with action oriented gamers which tends to affect how gamer developers tend to make their games. B: The only AAA stealth games have only come out years apart very recently. Alien Isolation, Dishonoured(1,2), I question whether or not I should consider horror games with stealth elements such as Soma, Amnesia, but I digress. There are many stealth oriented games, but they build up after very long periods of time rather than build up easily and constantly as FPS games do. So as I repeated myself multiple times; the game is perfect for a stealth gamer. If you try to be an action oriented assassin trying to go into fights, remember that you are a very short goblin that can get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked because all life other than your green♥♥♥♥♥is bigger and stronger than you; even humans. From that statement you will probably run away thinking the combat system will turn you away, well it is easier to take out people individually, or just don't engage a certain target; sometimes it is easier to just sneak by rather than take out a room slowly. Story wise, the game itself is a little weird. I will not spoil anything, but the plot twists are both very creative, original, weird, and partly moronic for my taste. The voice acting is okay, and that is as far as I am going to go on the matter. I look forward for the sequel so I can see where the cliffhanger ending goes (yes it is a cliffhanger)."
,Recommended,242640,34139924,Posted: 9 August,all,Mad Mage,"If you like sneakin' around, get it.  Great game. Interesting setting."
,Recommended,242640,23129477,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ftstani,It ain't easy been Styx.Styx: Master of Shadows is a hardcore stealth game. You play as a creature of diminutive stature. Your sole weapon is a dagger. Hide.
,Recommended,242640,12413353,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Maharishi,The best Stealth-Game eva
76561198041774067,Not Recommended,242640,17989694,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,"I wanted to love this game so much because it has a beautiful world, great gameplay style, good ambient sound... it does a lot of things right.  But it's marred by a thousand small issues that make it a pain to play.  It sucks but these issues make the game more bothersome than its worth, at least to me.  For example, there are times when you are met with a challenge, and something glitches so that you can't do what you want.  Some of the hideouts in the game are inaccessible because of poor hitbox placement.  It kills me when I see small bugs like that ruining my gameplay experience.  Another issue that irks me is sometimes an enemy will stumble upon a fallen comrade and slip into a nonstop loop of calling for help.  It's funny the first few times but it did start to bother me after a while.I've had issues where I kill an enemy in just the right spot for me to do it stealthily, then when the kill is done, the guy's body glitches and flings itself a few feet forward, warning all the people in the room of my presence and ruining my careful plots.  In a stealth game, I love trying to plan my route and carefully kill targets, but glitches like this destroy the experience for me.  I don't know whether this game was rushed at the end of development or if the devs just didn't care to clean up the bugs.  Either way, it's *just* enough of a problem that I'm going to stop playing.If you can deal with issues like these, please play this game.  It's a wonderful experience.  I just can't handle it the way it is right now."
76561198057933257,Recommended,242640,16848692,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Only Freeman,Its assassin's creed but instead of a handsome italian you play as a cockney goblin. plus its actualy hard.
76561198030609215,Recommended,242640,25442128,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SweetPrince,very good
,Not Recommended,242640,24332811,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Lop,"This is one of the easiest stealth games i have ever played, even though i played on the hardest difficulty. Difficulty only changed how much damage you could take before dying, not how good the guards were at their jobs. The enemies are dumber than a doorknob and being seen just makes it a tad bit harder since you have to dodge knives and arrows, assuming you dont have throwing knives that one shot the enemy. There are some enemies that are immune to this, but they are easily dealt with by running away and hiding for 3 seconds. One of the mechanics in the game, amber, is infinite even at the hardest difficulty. This means you can keep spamming clones of yourself that conveniently fool the guards, making them calm and non-alert, which helps after being spotted for half the mission.The skill tree had 3 skills that were helpful, while the rest were useless. One of the skill trees could only be unlocked when you had unlocked all the previous skill trees.There are reused maps in this game all over the place, it didnt work out for me.The last boss was easy on the hardest difficulty."
76561198022873572,Not Recommended,242640,16064372,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,skullncross,I love the Graphics the stortline isnt to bad but got many glitches and bugs in it who ever beta tested this game obviously isnt a dedicated beta tester and on one part were styx kills his clone with a dagger in his cell suddenly after walking out hes daggerless and the dagger is miles away from his hand now if he killed his clone with a dagger why did you have to retrive it when he had it that part makes the story feel like it was thought out and was a rushed game to be released.
,Recommended,242640,13321571,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Sluxslol,"Not bad in the slightest.""8/10 it's ok"" -IGN"
76561198096262806,Recommended,242640,15518121,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,. . .,...
76561198193620647,Recommended,242640,25428653,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Trinkgeld,Such a good game. They're all the words that are needed. (Well sort of.)
,Recommended,242640,23950977,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,=NolePtr,"This game is a refreshing, fun take on stealth games with its flaws.Pros-Great stealthEnjoyable gameplayMany ways to beat a levelOpen to creativityCons-Horrible combat (should not be an issue if you play it as a stealth game....)Bad voice actingStory is weak (You are buying the game for the gameplay, not the story)Clunky controls (especially annoying when you need precision to execute Parkour)The Pros outweigh the cons. I'd recommend the game only to those that enjoy stealth games. It is great if you can get around the rough edges. I honestly think the game would be benefited by a longer development cycle. It has amazing potential."
76561198080487098,Recommended,242640,34437145,Posted: 23 August,all,Damian Todd,Great story love it good gameplay and graphics
,Recommended,242640,24895637,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,hentai_priest,"+ Great stealth mechanics and game flow, outstanding art design.- Recycled levels spoil the experience greatly."
,Recommended,242640,17870159,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Csar,Poor man's MGS.
76561198052262097,Recommended,242640,25746687,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Scooter The Shooter,Great game.Basically Metal Gear and Thief combined.Great game. I played through in 18 hours and really liked everything.
,Recommended,242640,13700777,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,freeze,"Still pretty early into the game, but I have to say THIS is what a stealth game should be like. This game has been a blast.I would highly recommend this game if you like stealth games. Or rearranging dead bodies into piles.Or killing people while they are peeing.Wait, have I been playing Postal 2?"
,Recommended,242640,12417776,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Smugtooth,"A really fun and challangeing stealth game, as the titles implies you have to stick to the shadows and use stealth to do anything, since in combat you are outmached by the guards.-Has a great art design-A good soundtrack to set the tone-Mechanics are well implemented and have meaning (as in each skill you have hase a purpuse to help you in the level)-Styx is a smart alec with funny dialog/monologs-Some odd textures here and there-Some cheesy voice acting here and there.Over all a good game, interesting story and good mechanics."
,Recommended,242640,15999558,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Us3L3sS,a realy nice stealth game pretty hard tho
76561198091040028,Recommended,242640,17990467,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Corgi Enthusiast,This game is super fun and actually a challenge which seems to be lacking from single player rpgs now a days.. regardless the auto save system could be improved because it gets annoying after you die a lot on the harder difficulties
76561197980650229,Recommended,242640,18006470,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Pendragon,If you liked the original thief series then buy this. It's only flaw is the combat system which is not the main focus other than that it's sneak 'em up action from start to finish. This game gets the challenge just right enough to make you feel achievement without removing the fun.
,Recommended,242640,18027440,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,» MAKA<3,"i was waiting for the game to come on sale for a few months and i bought it right when it did. This stealth game is just wonderful, i think its a must have if you like the stealth genre. The story is great and they did throw in some jokes here and there. It looks amazing and the controls feels great. If you're interested in stealth games but haven't played one this is definitely great to start of with."
76561198031446247,Recommended,242640,18036698,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,lizardlads,"I would highly recommend Styx: Master of Shadows. This game is one of the most unique and excellently crafted fantasy universe and storyline I have ever experienced. It's advanced-medieval style, creature design, character clothing and inclusion of such elements as flying ships and vast bottomless pits is extremely comparable to the series of novels, ""The Edge Chronicles"", by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddel. Although intended for a younger audience similar to Harry Potter and Percy Jakcson, the series far surpasses them with its intriguing, mature, and sometimes macabre universe and story. Its dark, and masterfully crafted illustrations help propel the written text to higher planes of wonderous excellence It is most certainly a book series that would be better enjoyed by an adult audience. I can not say for certain if Styx is influenced by The Edge Chronicles , but the similarities are there. If you enjoyed either the game or the book series, I would most certainly recommend the other. Or, if youre simply interested in a fascinating fantasy game, I would recommend Styx: Master of Shadows."
76561197973166131,Recommended,242640,30565018,Posted: 17 March,all,Mandible,i like :D
,Recommended,242640,19888341,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,242640,12854402,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Tibblewinkles,"Coming from a studio that  worked on more spectacle 3rd person action games than anything else: ""Orcs must die"" and ""Of Orcs and Men"" just to name a few, it was surprising how strong the stealth mechanics were in this game. The pacing of each place did not allow the constant use of the cliche ""wait in the shadows"", which has plagued enough stealth games to cause many players to just camp in a spot for minutes on end. No, you had to time your movements and actions and you definitely would be punished for being spotted. Even more so if you try to stay!There were some odd tidbits that has annoyed me: sometimes Styx would climb up the flame pyres next to him when I wanted to fall to the floor below, but these were so few and far between that the whole experience can be considered enjoyable!And don't just assume that it's the game mechanics you're buying into. The storytelling - at least to me - was gripping!"
76561198302936229,Recommended,242640,23519909,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Pizzadelivery,awesome so cool lol get it today m8s
76561198029600052,Recommended,242640,19809621,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Chusquero,"awesome, storyline and playability!"
76561198239398826,Recommended,242640,19853762,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,lavatarlegend,10/10 would buy the next game as soon it comes out :D
,Recommended,242640,19854973,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Blue,"If there is one thing I love its stealth games. And if there is one thing I love more than that its one thats both original and creative. This game is perfect. It has its own world, a unique story and it just works so well together. Its challenging and makes a unique perspective. Get this game, well made games are hard to come by these days so lets support a good one."
,Not Recommended,242640,18812843,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Squishy,blargh.
,Not Recommended,242640,18791136,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Georgetta,I just could not get into this game. The controls and mechanics were very clunky / infuriating.
76561198154034543,Recommended,242640,23700342,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,benny 🐐,yes
76561198009277051,Recommended,242640,29495759,Posted: 25 January,all,Thrym,"A fun game with a decent story. It was tedious at times, but overall was a rather nice experience. I'm looking forward to the sequel, to see what improvements the developers will make."
76561198042210686,Recommended,242640,28474191,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Davuskus,Anyone who likes stealth games will love this!
76561198058038005,Recommended,242640,29842919,Posted: 11 February,all,Walrus Dentist,So much promise lost in bafflingly poor controls. Good stealth game. Combat is laughably bad. OK if on sale and 80% off. Otherwise really not.
76561198076234531,Recommended,242640,28516444,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Microwave rage,"I completed the game and got all the achievements. I have to say that it's a lot of fun! I'm mostly talking about gameplay, visuals and level design. The main character seems quite interesting, but the story is a bit meh. I was dissatisfied with authors recycling some of the levels too much. Still, I would recommend this game for all the stealth fans out there."
,Recommended,242640,28587857,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,killtobi,"interesting character in a cool game, I like it"
76561197966235084,Recommended,242640,12748388,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ian.hopwood,"Wow - only four hours in and am still on first (massive) level, but playing on goblin mode, this game is pure stealth brilliance - most sneaky fun iv had since the original thief (as an aside I also actually enjoyed this years re-boot of thief).Anyway, if you like your stealth then dont hesitate to purchase - and re the ledge detection issus I personally have not had a problem, but then Iv got the initial patch auyo-updated which apparantely alleviates most of the issues.Right im off now to kill some guards with my throwing knives.A+++++++++++++"
,Recommended,242640,12759861,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Zanagoth,"This game forces you to go hardcore stealth. Full-out combat is a chore and feels unrewarding, but if you're a pure stealth-and-kill-everyone junkie like I am, this game is pretty amazing. Storytelling so far also seems pretty immersive albeit confusing (50% complete)"
76561198039044539,Recommended,242640,12781141,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,themaskofdude,"This is a good game love faction your not a human! For real a goblin is far mor interesting to me in truth, love how the characters react to each other and the story I loved it. Thou few things bugged me but there minor things so i forgive them for those, thou the main problem I had was the battle at the end of the game. Didn't feel like a final boss battle, was hard sure but battle I say be 1 4/10 but everythign else I loved it. So I give the game a 8/10 which is good for me, would love this if it gets some dlc or something."
76561197986308073,Recommended,242640,12844068,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Jim Slather,A quite astounding game.  Hard core stealth and lots of choice.  My only critisim would be the combat which is pretty hit and miss but given it is a stealth game one does not really mind.  10/10
76561198052415996,Recommended,242640,12887842,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,warg8,"I really like the story and the mechanics in the game. + it is very very nice that there are no problems with the camera and controls, they made it much more better than the Assassin's Creed games are. I really like that Styx is not locked to a track, but he is free and can fall easily. The levels are variable and I think I'll replay the whole game just to unlock all the achievement. :D"
76561198016322817,Recommended,242640,12837162,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Big Steve,"This is a great stealth game, it can be very challenging at times but that's part of the fun."
,Recommended,242640,30253436,Posted: 28 February,all,yoal,Lit
76561197995471122,Not Recommended,242640,17897037,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,JThames81,The game looks nice and the story is ok. This has fully controller support but the problem I keep having even on the easy setting I keep dieing a lot not enough health vials. Also if you ever played assassins creed don't expect to jump around and cling things so easily.
76561198037064610,Recommended,242640,16538626,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Auditore,"A Really good and Well done Fantasy RPG Stealth Game, It has lots of secerets and collectibles to find while playing which makes Gameplay Even more Worth your Buck 9.5/10"
76561198157810056,Recommended,242640,30644999,Posted: 20 March,all,Senpai,Its fun
76561198042362117,Recommended,242640,31690083,Posted: 11 May,all,NonBinaryAsthmatic,I expected a burp and thought i would puke up a goblin; I was wrong.10/10
,Recommended,242640,31847627,Posted: 19 May,all,Outsider,"Excellent stealth game! F5 & F9 are your new best friends, for sure!Just make sure to have an additional save, just in case! ;)"
,Recommended,242640,23264678,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ExistentialistWerewolf,"I've never played a huge amount of stealth games before, but as a game, this is solid. Sneaking past guards, taking them out, being caught, one of the more fun games of late."
76561197981573793,Recommended,242640,23240893,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,NagaN,Very nice French game:1. Very good maps2. Very good music3. Immersive game (play at night when you are alone)Some aspects could be ameliorated :1. IA (for example : attracting robbies very close to humans doesn't make them attack each others even if robbies react on noise and human on sight. Could have provided for some interesting strategies)2. Sometimes too simple.Still a very nice game that I recommend after several hours of playing.
,Recommended,242640,23247106,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,RetirementNoir:PruneJuice+Murder,Great stealth game! Beautiful expansive maps and really puts the emphasis on thoughtful execution. Simple controls and a good balance of difficulty. The plot isn't as flushed out as I would have liked but I look forward to seeing if this world is expanded more!
76561198014621099,Recommended,242640,31054976,Posted: 9 April,all,DW2054,"Solid stealth game.  Goblin meets all the wet works of Splinter Cell.  If you like stealth games (that allow for overt attacks if you choose), this game is for you.They need to improve (hopefully the studio did for the 2nd game that just came out) the:1) Collision - People walk in to each other a lot2) Monster interaction - I blink to hard and the roabies attack me, but guards walk around them and there is no interaction at all.Really was surprised by this hidden gem.  Very fun and the story line was original."
76561198346353310,Recommended,242640,31230405,Posted: 18 April,all,CyberGoth,"honestly the second game is better. i had gotten this game because i hade played of orcs and men and the story was phenominal. this game the the sory was alright when you got a skill in the skill tree it feels very limited,but the steal aspect and(game) recomended for people wanting a well made cheap stealth game. if you have the money though i would recomend the second because you can jump freely into the story."
76561198066237421,Recommended,242640,31125198,Posted: 13 April,all,Cairney,"Yeah it's good, could of been great butt if you're looking for a challange and not some AAA♥♥♥♥♥♥thats been done a million times then this is for you. Tetures are a bit bad but if you have got a good rig then its okay. Characters are ugly but it suits them. Player has to get from A to B but you will have many routes to get there. Good game to have a change and actually feel like the industry has sense of innovation.Hopefully the sequal has built upon this foundation. Story is okay at times and strong at others gameplay is the focus which is good and enemies can be hard to kill if they gang upon you. The game is what it presents it self to be a bit of challanging fun."
76561198091307138,Recommended,242640,31230203,Posted: 18 April,all,Huon,This game is for the stealth genre what XCOM: Enemy Unknown was for the turn-based strategy genre. It's a solid return to old-fashioned mechanics with some polish and a sequel that falls just a bit short. Two thumbs up for this one.
76561198145996227,Recommended,242640,31231210,Posted: 18 April,all,Lukalus,"This game is pretty good! The stealth mechanics work well, especially for a budget title. The way you can clone yourself for example, and control your clone is very cool and can open a gateway to numerous paths through a level. The environments are pleasant to look at, although there are some hiccups in level design once in a while. The cons I have noticed on this game are things like stupid A.I, the combat gameplay is janky and annoying whenever it occurs (yes I know the game is of the stealth genre but if a combat system is implemented in a game it should at least work), and some of the level design was ridiculous, specifically the late game levels. Overall I liked this game quite a bit. If you can get past the clunky combat controls and the sometimes frustrating level design, you will find a lot to like here! I would rate this game a 7/10."
76561198164176469,Recommended,242640,31158139,Posted: 15 April,all,Sneaky Chinese Guy,"goblin-assassin, simple game for a simple man"
76561198140446276,Not Recommended,242640,17962741,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Whaleform,"Im a huge fan of spy / stealth sneaky games and was really looking forward to this one.-great graphicsthats about it....-combat is very clunky, and gets dry very quick, despite the addons and perks via talents. and even though i was able to parry 95% of the time accuaretly when dueling, i still found it very boring and unsatisfying.-maps reused sometimes added to teh dryness.-really stiff AI , so easy to fool , and had issues with toons walking into each other and doing silly things.-story line is VERY boring, i found myself skipping so many cinematics.I beat the game on hard mode and didnt find it very challenging to be honesti honestly feel this game belongs in the 90s , it juts doenst feel up to par compared to games like dishounered that truly make you feel immersed and such."
76561198024007602,Not Recommended,242640,17953725,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Orchunter01,"Found the game extreamly difficult even on easy difficulty. There are way too many guards in one tiny area, with almost no potions or vials of amber anywhere. There is generally only one way to do something which is generally having to kill almost all the guards without being discovered which with the amount of guards there are it is rather impossible. The detection system is rubbish, if seen even the slightest bit they will immediantly attack no matter what, each enemy has 10/10 with their throwing knife skills meaning you will almost certainly die, for an 'agile' goblin he can barely ""run"" faster than a humans walk, the enemys have a unlimited amount of throwing knives/bolts. All these factors combine to a very difficult game thats barely enjoyable and very OP'ed enemys. The graphics id say are still quite impressive aswell as the texturing, the faces are quite detailess and I have seen greater detailing in games 4-5 years older than this game which was a down side. Controls are quite easy to grasp and remember which is another plus, but all in all I would happily return this game for a refund."
76561198056381926,Not Recommended,242640,17936911,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,TheBlackNight456,this game was a poor exscuse for a steath game and i refunded within a short time of getting it the steath is unrealistic where you can stand 2 feet away from an enamy and not be seen aslong as you put out the torches .... if you do get caught the combat system is terrible haveing to parry against attacks that you have no help figureing out the timeing no to metion its the same thing over and over again. it calls it self a steath game yet there are buttons in the game that kill everyone in a room so you can press 3 buttons and walk around freely
76561198047364402,Recommended,242640,26153648,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Madix,This game was decent but it could've been much better. The sense of progression was lacking and every level feels more like an obstacle course than an immersive world. My biggest gripe was that it felt like killing people wasn't rewarding. *There is actually a progression system but it's not much and I didn't really look forward to unlocking the bonuses.All in all I would recommend it if you like stealth games but only when it's on sale.
76561198116719689,Recommended,242640,26170847,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,dupontlm2,"Eventually will become repetative and more difficult that any game I have ever played in 22 years. However, one of the best games out there. The AI is great, had no clitches, great graphics for the release date. I want more of this with more story. More worlds, there really is only one art style here. Something fun about final fantasy is that it explores a lot of bioms etc This universe needs to expand and it will be amazing.Over all - top notch game"
76561198086388195,Recommended,242640,26153722,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,D e M o N,good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242640,18346865,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,The Kurgan,"I liked this game. Having loved Dishonred enought to play it twice(good vs bad) despite my over bloated game library and back log, I had to try this. Dishonored it is not, but I liked it. I'd compare it more to the last hitman but with the kind of steampunkish feel of dishonred. You have ablities more like Dishonored or Deus ex. though vs the hitman games.  World is linear with usually multiple paths to your goal. You like stealth games then you will probably like this game too."
76561198008433937,Recommended,242640,30166679,Posted: 25 February,all,KoldSkurj,"I was hesitant to buy this game: many reviewers reported clunky and awkward controls.I am playing with a controller and whatever issues this game used to have with controlling the character, I have not found any. Devs must have fixed them. Game flows like butter. Smoother that any other stealth game I played.Please note, I have not tried playing this game with a mouse and keyboard. Since it's a stealth game, I can't imagine why anyone would play it without a controller.After playing the game for a couple of hours, I have to agree with most other reviewers: amazing story, solid graphics, excellent music and sound, great atmosphere and fun gameplay. If you are a fan of stealthing through Dishonored and the Assassin's Creed series, you will love this game. Wish I heard about it earlier.Strongly recommended for fans of quality stealth gameplay. I'm hooked."
76561197980241343,Recommended,242640,17011519,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,FloopyGapples,Very good for lovers of old school stealth games.
76561197975682337,Recommended,242640,13787419,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Alpha,Good game that is well worth working your way through as the storyline unfolds.
76561198344018167,Recommended,242640,26700909,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,gen,"GREAT GAME, MUST PLAY. IF YOU LIKE ASSASINS CREED, YOU WILL LOVE THIS. BEST STEALTH GAME EVER!  : )"
76561198032270254,Not Recommended,242640,30209966,Posted: 26 February,all,tj11692,The game has some god awful controls to it. I will not go into much for details but it is a lot of waiting while holding the buttonand hoping your character does not bug out near a ledge. I wanted to like this game but i suddenly lost all progress after about an hour of gameplay and had to restart at the very first tutorial mission. I got if for 5 dollars so I guess it wasnt a huge waste but plain and simple the game is not fun.
,Not Recommended,242640,30421005,Posted: 9 March,all,undeadly_suicide,"Way too many scripted deaths by unbeatable enemies. Reutilizing the same puzzles a second time is a lazy game extending option as well. The storyline was great. I enjoyed the drawings over the actual computer animation. The game was more frustrating than enjoyable but I wanted to see it through to the end. I don't foresee myself purchasing any future installments unless it is a completely different engine. These are just my opinions, if you want to play the game then by all means. I would suggest waiting for a sale though as I did."
,Recommended,242640,14954517,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Goblin,This game is without a shadow (lol) of a doubt one of my all time favorite games! its fun as bloody hell!
,Recommended,242640,28368182,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,itsACoppa,This game is a stealth perfectionists wet dream.
76561198031835320,Recommended,242640,12447800,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,White,"Still havent reached the end of the game but might hold on to it and play ""Of orcs and man"" first. Still after passing the first two missions on hardest dificulty something became clear. This game is not for people who get frustrated easily. Hardcore stealth."
,Recommended,242640,12453655,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Lanka,"Quite possibly best stealth game I've played in years. Big maps with multiple routes to take and little secrets to find bundled nicely with strict limitations when it comes to combat - last resort melee is near impossible against multiple opponents.Only gripes with occasional control issues with mouse&kb (hard to judge jumping distances, dropping down to hang from ledges&air control) and somewhat dumb/broken AI in some places.. Still impressed how AI changes behaviour depending on player actions - to limit though."
76561198038801373,Recommended,242640,12458857,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Yawning Lion,"I'm a fan of stealth games, being somewhat patient and never one to run and gun.  Styx: Master of Shadows is an enjoyable stealth game for the price.  What I like about it is the sense of it being different: you are a goblin in a world of men; not a second class or even a third class citizen: you are a monster.  And yet Styx, the protagonist, is not the evil creature that goblins are so often portrayed as in common fantasy...he is an anti-hero, but not vile.I liked the style of the game: the castle settings are very intricate: it's a maze of tunnels, stairways, balconies, ledges, etc...if you like climbing and skulking and choosing the best path, you will enjoy this game.I found the stealth mechanic to be fairly balanced...you have to be careful: they will see you if you are too close, even if it is in the shadows, so you reallly have to time your movements...and if you kick over a bucket, you will arouse suspicion and the guards will quickly investigate.If you are looking for Assassin's Creed combat, you will not find it here, in the least...combat is about timing your parries to block strikes from the guards; if you do it poorly, the hits will take a massive chunk of heath out.  If you do it well, and block two parries, this will ""unbalance"" the guard and your next move will be a simple kill move (at least in the beginning levels).Two words: avoid combat.  You will live longer.Kills, if you have to, are  made from behind...remember, you are  strong, but you are a goblin the size of a five year old or   something similar, in a world of heavily armored and armed guards.What I don't like is the vagueness of the plot: Styx needs to steal the Heart of the Tree, and I really don't know why yet...Also, the ledge detection takes some getting used to, but I think that I'm getting the hang of it after dying cheaply from casual leaps to what should have been safety, but turned out to be plunges into the abyss...Sound effects are detailed and good; you need to be able to hear what is going on to know what to avoid.Music is atmospheric and well suited to the game.I recommend this game, especially for the price."
,Recommended,242640,12456344,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,duchessnukem,"I'm a sucker for good stealth games, and this one hits the spot. It's definitely a challenge -- Thief-style map (i.e. has no ""you are here"" marker), lots of objects to accidentally knock over, limited inventory and highly-sensitive guard AI. The highlight of the game for me is that there aretonsof ways to make your way from Point A to Point B in this game; There doesn't seem to be a ""golden path"", or even ""alternative paths"" -- you feel as if you're forging your own path every time. On a related note, the levels are enormous, and the level design is fantastic (in my opinion). Environment/world design is interesting and pleasing to the eye as well.There are a few significant flaws, which might be a dealbreaker for some: dialogue and storyline are lackluster, graphics are nothing to write home about (Unreal 3), combat is clunky (but do youreallywant to be getting into combat?), NPC AI is kind of dumb most of the time (but predictable, at least -- also, I saw in the credits that they only had one poor soul working on AI... that sucks!), and Assassin's Creed-esque ledge-grabbing doesn't always work the way you want it to. Also, I had the same complaint about Dishonored, but the ""stats"" screen that shows number of kills, number of people alerted, etc., only comes up at very end of each multi-part level. That can be really painful when you're trying achieve a ""no alert, no kill"" run.Despite the game's flaws, Styx: Master of Shadows is exactly what the doctor ordered, and has some serious replayability value. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,242640,12452231,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,magnaƒerox,"The game Thief reboot wished it was, and you're a goblin.Pro:complex level designs allow for creativity in achieving goals.new abilities, esp the clone add a lot to the sneak em up formula.Non-standard protagonist, with entertaining character and good voice acting.Story seems pretty interesting.Cons:Standard stealth game AI isnt a big leap forward from other recent titles like Thief/Dishonoredwhilst an overall visually appealing game there are some rough edges on the graphicssome people may find the scarcity of autosave points an annoyance"
,Recommended,242640,16826744,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,aBearNamedSam,"really fun, nice story, an ok plot twist, kind of challenging. overall this game is really fun.getting to play with an assassin goblin is something different and you unlock lots of different kills, personally i loved the stealthy takedowns, i loved how it varies from each side and perfect actions Styx does.. i mean for his size the takedowns are perfect, or you can take a different route and go full on stealth. a bit disappointed because i thought the game would have been longer.* spoiler alert * i thought Styx was going to make an alliance with the Orcs in game, like what happened with Of Orcs and Men. i felt like this game was a prequel  for Of Orcs and Men. i generally enjoyed Styx as the main Character, i mean he is a goblin !i cannot wait for the sequel so i can purchase and play it !i would rate this game :Gameplay : 8/10Graphics in general : 7/10Story line : 7/10Gameplay duration : 6/10sorry for the long post :)"
,Recommended,242640,29046707,Posted: 5 January,all,theWocky,I really enjoyed this game. Really good stealth game.my one hour live! preview belowhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hruRX0bA0vc
76561198303486857,Recommended,242640,34005912,Posted: 3 August,all,Magnum CSGOGem.com,"I bought this game during a sale when i had extra money and it was definitely worth it. This is one of the best games i've ever played. But there are some problems, the AI aren't very smart so you should play the game at least one difficulty level higher than you normally would if you want to enjoy the game completley."
76561198093363183,Recommended,242640,31894656,Posted: 21 May,all,Smackm0nk3y,"Amazing stealth game that is very relentless.  I found this game extremely difficult and challenging.  The developers seem to have put a lot of time and effort into enemy placement and pathing.  The dark tone and atmosphere is a big plus.  Just play it, its awesome!"
,Recommended,242640,33801532,Posted: 25 July,all,Happy Crasher,this game is an absolute gem but the only problem that really throws me off is the combat system its incredibly broken you time parrys correctly to block then click when it says kill and 50% of the time even if you time it correctly it doesnt work. if you like stealth games buy it but if you like actuall combat and thats what you came for dont get it
,Recommended,242640,27528716,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Just a regular old Joe,"Very tactical, much wow. 10/10 would spend 20 minutes figuring out which path is the best again"
,Recommended,242640,17800360,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Denny,The most unfettered goblin simulation ever made for the home computer.
,Not Recommended,242640,17796322,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,S4mmiches,"Styx: Master of Shadows is one of the great games in the stealth genre, that unlike popular main stream games like Assassin's Creed, take away the brawling option from your playthrough and makes you use stealth and strategy to get through the level. I'd have a lot more to say, if the game didn't have a bug making me unable to continue to the second level.There is a replay function, giving you the option to replay a mission, which has put some people stuck in between mission one and two, with no other solution other than starting over again, this has been documented and the developers have even responded to threads about it, but after 7+ months it has still not been patched. This is game-breaking. Not all players will experience it, but obviously, you don't want to get stuck an hour or so into the game, having only completed the first mission.I can't endorse this game for this reason, and would advice you strongly against buying it."
76561198028302470,Recommended,242640,17868336,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,asaf mnsn,"Great game ,I can't stop playing its just great"
,Recommended,242640,14649329,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wandering Chronicler,"Hard but flexible. Just what i want in a game of this kind.The only and only one thing I should remark as something bad is the mandatory thing of**Spoilers**revisiting the whole game levels again in the opposite order. Just when the game starts to be mindbreaking it just forces yourself to play again all the same scenarios... but just going backwards.Dull game design, but effective stealth mechanics and timed puzzles."
,Recommended,242640,14435922,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Increddibelly,Assassin's Creed meets Tomb raider. This may just be the most perfect game for me ever made.
76561198137761466,Recommended,242640,14393429,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Boogy,Awsome game styx is a badass
76561197967163358,Recommended,242640,14574723,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,jjbern000,Do you enjoy stealth?  Well they made a game for you (and me)  Its a wonderful game buy it you won't be disappointed.
76561198166233252,Recommended,242640,14727295,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,saber1730,One of the best stealth games I've played!!!
76561198286036403,Recommended,242640,30656177,Posted: 21 March,all,RottenPumpkin,ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT!!!  LOVE THIS GAME!!!This will keep me busy for years to come...Loads of replay value.
76561198004022855,Recommended,242640,26723186,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,maldorf,"I would rate an 8/10. The story is rather weak and I dont care for the cut scenes at all. but the voice acting is decent. The stealth in the game is what shines here and it is excellent. Many ways to complete each level. You can chose to be sneaky and not kill or like I did kill a lot. It is similar to HItman in that you can hide bodies in boxes/closets or drag and hide them. Acrobatics get you around a lot, with climbing and jumping. The game is challenging and takes a good amount of strategy to complete. This is not a hack and slash game. The game is long and at times it seems rather repetitive, but offers just enough to keep you going along. The save system is great because you can save whenever you want, but there is a limited number of slots so you have to delete most from time to time to make room. I saved a lot so the slots would only last me one level maybe 2. The graphics and sound are decent in the game for 2014 IMO. My only complaint really is how you end up doing zones more than once and it seems to drag on a bit because of what seems like enedless levels. It is a lot of fun though because there are endless ways to complete each level. I only resorted to watching online videos for help maybe 2 times because I got stuck. Very good stealth game. If you dont like stealth then dont buy this."
,Recommended,242640,14989899,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ginger Baker,"What a great game. First the graphics are terrific. Level design fits right in with the character and story line. It's set in a faux medieval steam punk type environment that lets you move through it in a variety of ways such as walking, running, climbing and jumping. So you can get to your goals by various routes and methods. You play as a goblin trying to be as stealthy as you can while you also  murder those who inconveniently get in your way. But it's best to avoid conflict if you can. Story line and voice acting are very good. I don't know why some reviewers think otherwise. The game does have a bit of a reputation for being difficult. This can be true but usually a little ingenuity and patience will get you through. It's not unreasonbly difficult like Dead Souls is. It just provides a little more challenge than games like Thief or Dishonored, for example. If you like stealth and infiltration you must try it. I know I'm looking forward to Styx II."
76561198029939943,Recommended,242640,33566737,Posted: 15 July,all,covinaca,Great game! Fast to learn.
,Recommended,242640,33566743,Posted: 15 July,all,Acefrog,Fun game
,Recommended,242640,13340543,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,dave,"I found Styx: Master of Shadows to be a dark, fantastic game that will keep you engaged, just so long as you're a stealth purest.This game will punish you for failures and the combat reflects that perfectly as its very easy to get beaten down by a simple laborer, but the game is not so cruel to leave you entirely defensless; you can parry some enemies attacks until you can kill them. But the player needs to keep their wits about them and find more original and creative ways to dispose of foes, as some wear heavy armor that your dagger can't pierce and others will gladly down you with a few quick bolts from their crossbow as soon as they see you.As for the lore of this fantasy realm, it is far more dark than your usual Tolkien-inspired orcs and elfs and I think to many that will come as a relief as it did to me. Granted, some of the humor feel gritty for gritty sake, but it does help to flesh out this world you'll infiltrate.Graphically, its not the most stunning, but it gets the job done and won't pull you from the immersion and draw of the game.Its pretty good; I'd say worth the price of admission if you're into that sort of thing."
76561198133768099,Recommended,242640,26377079,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,calgorn,I really enjoy the game. Good storyline and challenging game. My one issue is an unfair game mechanic. The cockroaches are alerted by sound and aggressively attack you but completely ignore the humans no matter how much sound they make.
76561198163452886,Recommended,242640,26295355,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,gschlachter,"Awesome fun Game, good character, great gameplay, good storyline, game has some good twist and turns. Game physics are flawless.. Step by step teaching and review is also a great way to learn the game and its many tactics and buttons. Sneak and climb your way thu many different levels.My Tip: Just a great climb and sneak game that progressively gets harder"
76561197987074376,Recommended,242640,26350027,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,DJglass,"I'm not sure that I'd recommend as such, but I didn't dislike the game enough to give a thumbs down. Personally it crashed too often on my machine, but otherwise the story is interesting, the puzzles and maps are too. I didn't have much trouble with the jumping and climbing, in fact I thought that part worked well compared to MIrrors Edge. If you see it on sale (and you like stealth games) give it a try."
,Not Recommended,242640,17534441,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Snapper,"Pros: Great script and voice actingCons: Relatively linear gameplay, terrible climbing controls"
,Not Recommended,242640,17479120,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Natos,"I really can't recommend this game. At least not if you aren't a really big fan of stealth games. It has some good points, like having multiple ways to reach your destination, or the graphics and level design. But the game isn't really that great as a whole. The story is, at least on my point of view, stupid and uninteresting. The missions are always the same, going from point A to B, without getting killed, and sometimes you can't be spotted. The enemies are either super easy to kill, or impossible to do it unless you drop a chandelier on them. The combat is not all that bad after you get used to it, but it's useless against half of the enemies, since they either shoot you from a distance or you can't fight them at all they 1 hit kill you. The powers are cool, but most times you will only use invisibility, and most of times you won't have amber to use it anyway. Another annoying thing is that when you kill someone, his body will randomly fall on the floor, making noise and warning other guards.Only buy this game if you either love stealth games or get it with at least 75% off"
,Recommended,242640,24046737,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sadam,Simple yet challenging.
,Recommended,242640,14805878,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,
,Recommended,242640,33018800,Posted: 29 June,all,Eremita Silvano,"It a nice stealth game with a  ""soul reaver nostalghia atmosphere"" for some reason, Styx is a great character that i've started to love since Of Orcs and Men.Highly recommended for people with patience and love stealth games in general."
,Recommended,242640,25236402,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Narnim,"National Recycling Awards (2014) Winner for the multiple reuse of its levels.Still, not a bad stealth game."
,Recommended,242640,23928127,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sharkman,"If you want to get into the world of a♥♥♥♥♥♥talking goblin that sneaks around killing humans with his big knife, posioning their water or apples, dropping chandeliers och stuff them into a chest, I got the game for you!If you enjoy stealth games you really should get this game. But be prepared for a basically purebred stealth game because the combat system is obviously clunky and only really works 1 on 1 because if you face more than one, you're pretty much dead. Stealth at it's finest I say.Go get it, a sequal is on its way and if it inproves on everything Styx got right, oh man am I looking forward to it."
76561198205863952,Recommended,242640,23948154,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dickbutt,"If you like the stealth genre then you know good games are hard to come by. Dishonored is one of my favourites and Styx comes close. This is strange because honestly, this game has so much going against it.Cons -Terrible combat system (that's fine, because it's a stealth game, but the game still forces you into narrative combat that is unbearably frustrating.)Really sketchy/buggy platformingbad controlsan average story that could have been done betterpoor quality cut scenesterrible voice work (other than Styx, who I found entertaining.Despite all this game has done stealth right. On Goblin difficulty, everything kills you pretty much instantly. There is almost no combat, because you simply die if you're caught. It's a really nice difficulty to put into a game for people who want to play a real stealth game. I also think the entire premise is just really interesting. You are severely underpowered, you are a 3 foot tall Goblin and pretty much everything else towers over you. You really have to use some ingenuity to get around that challenge. On sale this game is an exceptional deal, but I probably would be willing to pay full price now that I know how enjoyable it is."
76561198025032694,Recommended,242640,23976757,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Calto19,"Back to straight up stealth. Its been a long time since i've seen a good stealth game, and Styx doesn't dissapoint. its all about not being seen and if you're caught, you better be able to counter quick. if there are more than one guards that see you, you're dead. hell if its just one you're dead.Tactics and positional awareness rule here, and quick thinking is a must. its a great game that gives you just the tools to be a stealthy wise cracking goblin and it rules. buy this game and play the hell out of it."
76561198017115714,Recommended,242640,24026300,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Clinton Mobley,Great game that feels like early Assasins Creed with much more focuse on stealth.
76561198102931311,Recommended,242640,12484481,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,FullMetalJackass,"Quite well done. Play on Goblin, and this is a really nice hardcore stealth game. Or play any difficulty. It's fun either way!"
,Recommended,242640,35402847,Posted: 1 October,all,Electric,I died
,Recommended,242640,30207362,Posted: 26 February,all,无情 | 57nG,"HORYSHEET .This is unexpectable damn good, man .Pure stealth indeed .Kind of glitching at times but worth the $ and time playing this ."
76561198026819102,Recommended,242640,30214023,Posted: 26 February,all,Skarred,"loving every aspect of this gam, give it a try"
,Not Recommended,242640,23008908,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,remarkablespork,"I don't mind sitting at a game for a while trying to figure out a puzzle or a particularly challenging aspect of gameplay, but I am a firm believer in that while some games should indeed frustrate you and challenge you - they need to give you something to work for, the belief that your efforts aren't going to be in vain. This game does not do that and it is a terrible tragedy because I wanted so badly to love it. A game that focuses entirely on stealth? Yes please! The graphics were nice and the voice acting was good, but the plot was terribly cliche from the start. I have no idea if it gets better because as you may notice, I didn't even finish the whole tutorial on this game.It was incredibly frustrating and clunky. Playing on keyboard and mouse, I set the camera sensitivity to high and still struggled to get the character to move in the directions I wanted. If I hugged the walls, the camera would derp through walls as I tried to look around me. I had to look up help just to learn how to parry because I died at least six times with no understanding of what I had done wrong. The combat mechanics are hideous and you can't back out of one-on-one combat. But the kicker was learning to take cover. I could see no pattern in the guards' movements no matter how hard I tried, and finally exited in frustration after my tenth death. The game and its plot had given me no reason to want to continue, no hint that there wouldn't be a reward of any kind around the next corner or two. Nothing more than a feeling that I was a rat running around in a maze where there was no cheese. My only consolation is that I purchased this on a sale and did not pay the full price."
76561198032247195,Not Recommended,242640,15195580,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,jalisauskas,I like the idea and story of the game.  The game however is made poorly.  A stealth game that you have to fight to win at the end.  Controls I found poor climbing and among other functions.  I am just a novice game player and found game very hard on easiest setting.  A lot of game play has no common sense to it.  I would think game producer could have done a better job.
76561198025249222,Not Recommended,242640,31968438,Posted: 26 May,all,Scum10rd,"the game looks good, has a good preview and a nice story, yet the gaming experience isnt fun at all (or atleast it wasnt for me).the movement feels slow and the game responds slowly.the combat mechanic forces you to wait for a block so even when your opponent isnt attacking you can't hit him yet.the game only drives you into playing stealth, which is good and expected, yet the mobility and combat limitations and the guards line of sight when sometimes you pass right in front of them and they dont notice because ""you are in the shade""? also glowing in the dark tattoo for NOT being seen? feels like im stating the obvious...0.6 hours on the game, yet i managed to find it unsatisfying."
76561197992230425,Not Recommended,242640,25939296,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Li Doggomasa,"I cannot recommend this game based entirely on controls. Maybe there was something I didn't understand here, but I spent more time dealing with the terrible jump controls and insane AI more than progressing through the game. The little I got of the story I really liked, which makes this so hard to stop playing. Unfortunately I can only fall to my death because the PC didn't grab a ledge or -arbitrary climbing wall thing- before I have to move on. I'm still interested enough to check out the sequel eventually, but not enough to play through this one."
,Not Recommended,242640,20082162,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hausu,"Where do I even begin with this game. First off ive been playing this game for about 7 years now and every playthrough ive had of it was exellent. There is alot of variety when it comes to builds. There is the obvious Light/Dark or Grey option for the game but there is also Force user builds, Ranged builds, Pure combat focused guardian, etc. I find the combat to be enjoyable (In my opinion) since its tactical and you can really plan attacks and things of that sort. Take DA:0 for example. Its pretty much the same system. You can start with 3 beginning classes: Guardian (Combat focused), Sentinel (Better skill progression), and Consular (Force powers). You then later in the game get different set of prestige classes depending on your allignment. Now, lets get to the writing of the game. This game has one of the best stories I have ever seen. You'll see once you play it for yourself. The reason I prefer this game slightly over the first is just because I prefer the darker, philosophical, grey aspects of the atmosphere and story a bit better (Kotor 1 is also one of my favorite games). Anyways, this game presents the idea that Dark is not necessarily evil and Light isnt nessesary good and you really get to see the Flaws of both sides. For example, you play as the Jedi Exile, who was exiled from the Jedi order for rusing to war to protect innocents. The Jedi were lazy and waited to ""evaluate the threat"". The dialouge and voice acting in this game is absolutely fantastic (Especially Kreia). For this game, you dont even need to be a fan of Star Wars. A non Star Wars fan would look at this game and just play an RPG. However a Star Wars fan would look at this and play an amazing Star Wars RPG. The reason for this is because the game is set in an era wayyy before the Movies. One flaw however, would be the cut content presented this game. Obsidian (The developers) were rushed to release this game by lucasarts, resulting in them needing to cut out content for the game. Luckily, a group of community modders managed to get into the games files and restore alot of the content that was cut. You can find the mod on the steam workshop. Anyways, hurry up and buy the game! You wont be dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,242640,20787974,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Yoba Deluxe,Game looks nothing like bullshots on store2005 games had better lighting than this
76561198027262963,Not Recommended,242640,23426365,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,nuparu1,"It's a fun game. You can masterfully plan out your plan of attack, and duck out if caught so you can go right back at it. The controls are smooth and simple to learn, the graphics are the perfect mix of cartoonish and stunning, and the voice acting is pretty good. The downside? If you don't do perfect on a mission, like you miss a token or ruin a perfect stealth run, you have the option to replay it. You can even do it right after the mission ends, when you go back to your hideout. But once you finish that mission and you're back in your hideout, you can't do a damn thing. You can't go on to the next mission. You can't replay the mission again. You are stuck. This kind of thing happens from time to time, but the fact that it's been years since release and this still hasn't been fixed is awful. I may decide to do a non-perfectionist run in the future, since I can't refund this game, but if you want to be perfect on the first try, this is not the game for you.TL;DR, game breaking bug means you can never replay a mission without having to start over."
76561198043895197,Recommended,242640,12406620,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,March Rider,"It's assassin's creed, only you are a goblin who murders with no morality. Love It!"
76561198074192294,Recommended,242640,12989359,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,botmun,epic game.10/10one of the best stealth games i've ever played
,Not Recommended,242640,16035218,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Canon-Thought,"This game is absolutely terrible.First, you NEED to have your super vision mode on almost all the damn time, because you can't see in the dark you are supposed to be hiding in, yet enemies see you better than you can see them. But the super vision only lasts a whole of two seconds at the start of the game, yet uses up little to no resources. So you have to stop every second to refresh it.Second, you can climb up iron pegs on the wall to reach a ledge, yet when you reach the top, rather than auto grab a ledge and hang there, you pull yourself up to stand there, in full view of a stationary enemy. Enemies PULL you into combat with them, so there is no chance to actually run away, because you are apparently magnetized.Third, stealth kill is anything BUT stealthy, and you make a lot of noise in the process, alerting anyone nearby, even if they are asleep.Fourth, you can turn around corners you press yourself against while on foot, but you can't climb around ledge corners. So to get to a better vantage point, you either pull yourself up in front of an enemy, which is a stupid idea, or press jump and hope you don't fall to your death, jump up in front of the enemy, or just grab onto the same damn ledge you jumped from.Fifth, contextual actions use various different buttons, but important actions, like attacking an unaware enemy, CANNOT be done if that enemy is standing on a corpse, because the ""attack"" button, is also the ""pick up corpse"" button. So instead of attacking, you pick up the corpse and bump into an enemy that can attack you with impunity, and you can't to crap to until you put the body down and wait for the animation to magnetize you into the attack position animation... which, by the way, enemies continue to hit you and do damage as you are loaded into this attack stance camera angle."
,Not Recommended,242640,28764124,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sushi,"At first I thought: ""Oh, that's a nice game. Dishonored in less beautiful, third person and with orcs.""This was sadly just the first thought. I played about 6h now and it turned boring af. I can't find the motivation to finish it.The story is stupid, the gameplay is solid stealth. Most of the special powers are useless.It's a solid game but not for that prize.2/7"
,Not Recommended,242640,23659429,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ziuwaz,"1. Story:The story's average. There will be a major plot twist after about 75% of the game where things SLOWLY start to make sense. But it lacks the execution somehow, it didn't really impress me tbh...2. Music:Very nice soundtrack. Too bad it's pretty much only 1 single track. The menu screen one. Games like Skyrim don't have ""music"" in dungeons aswell, they've got more ""atmospheric sounds"" that work perfectly well. This game's got... nothing. It's just plain quiet.3. Graphics and Art StyleNothing to say here. The comic look is very well executed, the art is good aswell. Maybe there's to mention that voices, faces etc. reappear many many times throughout the game and there is not a single (!) female character. Like ever.4. Gameplay:It was fun and the mechanics work. However as game time continued it got all less and less enjoyable. The only change in gameplay was the raise in difficulty. I don't like to replay situations where my success depends on whether that one guard decides to turn around after 10 or 15 seconds, the later having me killed in the process.5. Final thoughts:All in all I would've said buy it if you like stealth games. BUT with so many good stealth games (Dishonored) on the market it's not fair to recomment this one."
76561198034666043,Recommended,242640,13158384,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,yongbing1,"Styx is a very entertaining game for stealth gamers. Huge maps. Many routes to accomplishing missions.  Interesting story for those RPG minded. Completely immersive if you really let yourself engage the game. Graphis are no more no less than what they showed be for the set design. In other words, graphics ar e good and do not in any way distract from immersion. I have heard that ledges are a problem. Must have been patched because after 12 hours I have had no problem whatsoever. This hails back to the original Thief games but is not Thief. Other than the stealth, you will not be reminded of Thief. At least I have not been. I highly recommend this game for stealth gamers."
,Not Recommended,242640,17914878,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Frost [e],Clunky Controls. Which is killer in a stealth game. Game glitches out still. Have gotten a good stealth kill only to be frozen in place unable to do anything but reload. So far im only 3 missions in and ive had enough problems that the emersion is gone. =(
76561198006640506,Not Recommended,242640,17917444,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Zentak,"I tried hard to like this game as it looked really promising and I thought it was just a matter of getting used to it, but in the end my recommendation is to avoid Styx unless it is on sale and you are really craving for an infiltration game. It's not a bad game but there are too much design flaws that makes it dull and tedious after a while: I'm only 10 hours into it and I already want to rush it without caring about secondary objectives, not even talking about bonuses such as relics and gold coins.Update: I've finished the game after about 28 hours. It's worth one run for the story, a few secrets which are fun to find, but this is it: for sure I won't get back to it, too tedious. So my rating & review is unchanged except for the conclusion.The main problem is that the shadow mechanics are broken: sometimes you sit in plain light and the guards won't notice you, sometimes you are in the shadows under cover and the guards will spot you. The designers added a shoulder tattoo that tells you when you are in the shadow, but this is not helping a lot since you have to walk into the zone to know for sure. I died an incredible amount of times because of this broken mechanism. This is really annoying as you are supposed to be a ""Master of Shadows"".The second big problem is that the patrols are not so predictable: sometimes the guards will change their routine for no visible reason. It seems there are some scripting there. Also the designers introduced arbitrary difficulty by putting for instance 3 guards watching each other in a tiny room, which leaves you with very little options.Then there are all those - not so - little bugs: when you kill a guard, the body will fall in an unpredictable manner. It happened quite often that the guard bounced back 4 meters away, thus making noise and alerting all his friends. A lot of jumps will just lead you to a premature death:  the controls are quite clumsy (I'm playing with an XBox controller on PC) and it's hard to spot the paths on the walls.There is also some silliness in the design:You cannot create a clone nor use a potion when you are hiding under a table.There are those beetles which can’t see but can hear you: however getting too close to them without making a noise will lead to your death. It seems they are not so blind after all.You only have 2 ways to disable a guard: a quick and noisy kill, or a muffed kill which is supposed to be silent, but not so much: it’s still noisy and with the broken bodies physics the body may fall anywhere, triggering an alarm.You have no way to knock down a guard in a non-lethal wayThe canned dialogues of the guards are pretty quickly annoying, aka “I took an arrow in the knee” effect. I've discovered in the end game credits that all the guard voices are done by 2 voice actors: that doesn't help.Overall, this game is simply not fun to play passed the introduction because of the terrible gameplay induced by the awkward design choices and the bugs. Too bad because there was a lot of potential there.I was a bit too harsh when I wrote this review: the game is overall enjoyable, I had some good time with it, but you have to be prepared for some frustrating moments. The game is just not worth 30 euros."
76561198086577753,Recommended,242640,13438119,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Danatz,This game is phenomenal. I would say that it's better 5 times than new Thief. Would try to play with controller and fail miserably again. 9/10
,Recommended,242640,12408856,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,El Minotoro,"Used a valve on a vat expecting a bit of an explosive distraction. Turns out flooding the room with poison gas is an even better distraction.Genocide/10Seriously though, this is a great stealth game where each level gives you an objective and optional mission and a hand full of items and abilities to get through it the way you want to. Are you the rooftop avenging BatGoblin remaining unseen like a ninja or the master of magical mystery methodically murdering multiple municipalities? Also like a ninja."
76561198023687979,Not Recommended,242640,17874350,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Question Mark,"The controls kill this game. It 'might' be playable with a controller, but I'm not willing to spring any money on the off chance that this game is worth it."
,Not Recommended,242640,21244400,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,intox. Requiesta de Silencia,"Check out my fully detailed review here.The entire game is riddled with problems.First, elves. These are enemies you can only kill with throwing knives or aerial attacks as they detect you based on distance rather than on anything you've learned to avoid up to that point. They appear at the very end of the game meaning you have no controlled environment to learn how to kill them, and aerial attacks are locked behind a skill. So one of your only two methods of dealing with them is locked away for... reasons?Second, every enemy in the game. The AI is just terrible. There are times when I placed a clone in a chest and whistled from the other side of the room. Where does the enemy look for the source of the noise? Well obviously the chest! The chest 10 meters away from the whistling. Because logic. And that's when they're not walking into each other, messing up their patrol routes and making it impossible to sneak past them without invisibility or slaughter.Third, the controls. Everything in this game is extremely finnicky. Some of the jumps you have to make are obstructed by objects over your head that you can't avoid. You just have to hope that Styx understands from your instructions to avoid smashing his head into the chandlier. Sometimes he will, sometimes he'll fall to the ground and get tramped by guards. It's also up to luck whether or not you'll pull off things like aerial assaults or covered kills in certain areas.Fourth, there are very few autosave points per level. And considering how finnicky a lot of the controls and jumps can be in this game that means you're going to die and go right back to the start of the level a lot. It's a little sad when Half Life Source has better autosave than a game released in this modern age.Finally, the final boss is disappointingly pathetic. As in the only way they could think of to ramp up the difficulty was to make the final boss near impossible without a full bar of amber plus several amber potions. Yes, it's that type of boss. Not a boss that tests everything we've learned and used up to that point but a boss that ramps up the difficulty by being a specific type of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t while you play the adventure game logic of figuring out how the developers wanted you to beat this guy. It's frustrating to the point that I'm almost certain most of the reviewers giving this a high score never actually played the game to completion before giving it their glowing recommendation. It's worth docking 2-3 points off any score for.Instead of a score I'll just say this. Styx: Master of Shadows is worth around $15.00 USD. There's enough to like about the game to enjoy it if you get it at that price but not anything close to the base price."
76561197984899141,Not Recommended,242640,20868320,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Flinch,"You might get an unfixed bug that stops you from progressing on that save file! That's practically just replay value! 10/10Don't pick up bodies. They inhibit your ability to drop off of steps more than one step high. 10/10Saving and Loading is a high end feature, that you will be using A LOT! Which is much different than the poorly made stealth games of 10 years ago somehow. Awesome feature! Haven't seen this feature in many games. It has wow factor! :-OYou can only carry two throwing knives. Though they are quite a bit smaller than the 5 pounds of sand and 4 potions you can manage to bring along. 0_0Combat revolves around parrying only. Nothing makes more sense than a smaller humanoid trying to block every attack from enemies towering above them. Development took it's time. 10/10And be careful against those archers, you can't parry the shot they make at point blank, so they are actually more deadly  in melee than most people with swords... not sure how that is but don't question it.Guards will stand guard in one spot for 12 hours, but when you come up from a different angle their route AI is tripped and they begin walking. So, if they are staring the direction you want to come, go around, get them walking, then double back so you can proceed. :) 10/10The speed that someone stops searching for you is increased by moving, so don't hide in the 12 billion things there are to hide in.There are thousands of paths, none of them are good.Guards are practically holding each other while looking over the others shoulder in countless places.Guards have the best eyes in the world when you are far off at an angle, but the trick is standing in front of them crouched. Like a T-Rex their eyes can only detect movement!Have a wicked cool dagger, don't use it, just strangle people slowly and then snap their neck.Enjoy slow paced action that gets even slower after loading your game 12 times!Have AI that adapts to what you do, in ways that aren't natural! Like forgetting about you faster if you move away from them, EVEN IF THEY CAN'T SEE YOU!Guards might spawn right after you enter a hideout which they could easily see into, but for some reason can't see it at all. I think it's some kind of unexplained magic! (Answer will be in the sequel)I'm disappointed that Dishonored is getting a sequel but this game isn't. And I'm not sure why that is. But I bet research could tell me how to improve this game. No doubt the developers took enough time to research stealth games to get this one right. But since that's the case, why didn't it work out?Seriously, this game might be good for $10. Only if you have a ton of time to kill and love stealth games, even then I would think about it."
,Recommended,242640,22904315,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Kyro132,Buy this game and play the $*** out of it!!  I like to go through a section and assassinate everything I can and then go back and replay the section again in total stealth.  The best of both worlds that way.  Great game!
76561198040591734,Not Recommended,242640,17991962,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,dq,"play dishonored if you are into stealth games. much more rewarding.  dishonored has better graphics, it is more fluent, and the combat is not stiff."
76561198045553400,Recommended,242640,12413037,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Muteki,U can look at all the relic u haven't found and styx will be proud of it
76561198026673500,Not Recommended,242640,18100243,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,hardbucketBob,"The storyline is extremely weak and doesnt really build up to anything substantial. Neither does the gameplay mechanics. If you played Of Orcs and men and wanted to have any kind of deeper storyline flow, you'd be horribly mistaken.From a sneak/kill mission perspective, there are a few moments of wow, but this leaves the game early on."
76561198160233648,Not Recommended,242640,19325832,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,arnaudcdelery,Did not like it at all
76561198037482751,Not Recommended,242640,17670097,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,McBryant,"Worst ♥♥♥♥ing game in the world combat system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ its like playing chest with swords cant even run from battle just block then hit cant handle how bad this game is and there is absolutley no point in collecting these coins or whatever they are in it because they dont do anything for you. The view of the game is great and it would have been a great game but the combat system is so bad its unplayable you cant jump or run away without getting 1000s of throwing daggers in your♥♥♥♥♥because the enemies have unlimited amounts of them even if they arent archers. Do not buy this play theif or dishonerd the game they tried to copy with a orc but rather ♥♥♥♥ed it all up with their horrible combat and level up progression that is pointless because it takes so many points for 1 thing that never really helps you untill you get far into the game which you wont be able to because you will rage quit on how bad THE ♥♥♥♥ING COMBAT SYSTEM IS IN THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME. In conclusion ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ my life because I wasted money, time, and internet usage downloading this♥♥♥♥♥♥ -.-"
,Recommended,242640,14382115,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,WildKarrde,"http://youtu.be/cWQYcBbl3esThis is a fantastic stealth game. I loved the Thief series... I waited for the 4th Thief game to be released for years. I pre-ordered the 4th Thief game. I played it, but I never beat it. I waited a while for Styx to go on sale. I bought it during the Winter 2014 sale. I just beat it. I still haven't beat the 4th Thief game. Styx made me feel like I wish the 4th Thief game had made me feel. It made me feel like stealth really mattered. It made me feel like a small, weak badass that could kill anything from the shadows, but hardly anything in the open. It made me feel like a professional assassin, a professional infiltrator, a professional saboteur.Sytx is nothing like the Thief series, except for the fact that it is a stealth game, but it is a much better stealth game, in my opinion. It is obvious that it was built on a smaller budget, as certain maps are re-used throughout the game, but being a stealthy goblin just makes so much sense in a stealth game. Getting inside the head of said goblin creates such a great storyline. I don't know what the sequel has in store for us, but I'm looking forward to it! This game is definitely worth checking out. It's cheap already, at full price, but on sale, it's a steal."
,Not Recommended,242640,17932153,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Syranox,The game softlocked on me twice. Three hours for nothing.
,Recommended,242640,12405921,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,holmaed,"This game is brutal. You must be careful and willing to take your time. Play the game correctly and go into it understanding what kind of game it actually is, without comparing it to irrelevant AAA titles, and you'll have a great time. I got stuck in a sopt for 20 minutes before realizing it was a piece of cake to pass when done a better way. Interesting sarcastic story and some hardcore sneeky goodness. All in all, it's a pleasure for those who truly enjoy sneaking."
,Not Recommended,242640,17881329,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Pharaosa,The combat system is ♥♥♥♥ed
76561198021559677,Recommended,242640,12438866,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Malaficus Shaikan,"Styx: master of shadows remeber something alot of games have forgoten.That it is a game not a movie.The story is amusing and there are a few nice twist and turns.It does a good job of making you want to kill everyone.But the reason for getting this game shoud be the gameplay.Especialy since unlike assasin creed you dont have to download uplay to play it.The game is a fun combination of stealth, platforming, magic and save scumming.Yes you read that right.Expect to die alot.If you are looking for a game where you can have fun finding ways to get from point a to b.Find new route, new challanges(Like not killing every, and trust me it is hard)My main complained is that there too many gaurds.You cant go five passes without something looking to kill you.Ow and they do respond to corpses.Just not to people missing which is the shame of the stealth gerne.If however you arent the type that likes to sneak around and find ways to exploit there seroundings.Go play call of duty."
76561197993288786,Recommended,242640,33042301,Posted: 30 June,all,Invest,Really good stealth game
76561198036749406,Recommended,242640,25567091,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,☣ ∞∆ Science Dragon! ∆∞ ☣,"Found myself staring at that lovely goblin butt and toned legs in them tight shorts.10/10, would ogle again  :9"
76561198035729836,Not Recommended,242640,17919353,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,erichleos,"Duel mode is a bad idea, get Thief instead of this game."
,Recommended,242640,12956567,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Spec Op 564,Awesome game.  Extremely solid stealth game.
76561198007486006,Not Recommended,242640,32450673,Posted: 15 June,all,claudiassj,"I will start by saying that it is not a bad game, but I don't like it and therefore won't recommend it.It is the closest I have been to an old-style platform game in the last 10 years, and now I remember clearly why I hated them. I usually don't mind stealth sections, actually I often decide to play whole sections (if not games) in stealth just to challenge myself, but the challenge should be in the ""mistake-die-reload-try something else"", not in the ""mistake-die-reload somewhere three rooms before where I was when I died-do all the stuff again. And again. And again.""This type of games desperately needs a free save option. Then again, if they gave you that, they would have to think of something else (like variety, or a decent story, or actually useful abilities, or enemies that do not alternate between being dumb and having superpowers) to keep the game going for the minimum time length to justify the price.That said, it certainly has something to offer: nice graphics, a charismatic and funny main character, fantasy atmosphere, and quite a challenge even at the lowest difficulty. However, if frustration is not your thing turn away, because there are much better solutions for the fans of stealth nowadays."
,Recommended,242640,12579387,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,이달의 소녀,"If you're loving stealth games and really.. I mean really mostly stealth and extremely little to no combat, even lesser than Hitman: Absolution.. get it"
,Not Recommended,242640,17445642,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Jar Jar Fett,"Clunky controls , disappointing combat, and to many cut scenes... stop explaining the game to me and let me play.I was interested in the character and story idea, but the actual game play is tedious to see it through."
,Recommended,242640,12422423,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Medice,A good game for stealth fans.
76561198094062090,Recommended,242640,14788907,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Fresh Prince of Bel Nair,you can roll in midair 10/10 would roll again
76561197971007652,Recommended,242640,16666712,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Saigrim,"""You got diamond studded buttcheeks, or what?""10/10"
,Recommended,242640,13718554,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheNevers,Great stealth game. Comparable to Dishonored.(Better if you don't prefer combat) Good story + mechanic.
,Recommended,242640,13215682,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,1daBread,"This game is actually really fun once you get over the fact that your character has a problem grabbing ledges: when you want, when you don't, turning corners while hanging from them, climbing up to them without jumping over, and moving along them if there is a slope.  I mean, in any serious stealth game shouldn't that type of thing be priority?Because from the start I chose the hardest difficulty I have no experience with combat (basically all enemies insta-kill you).  But this is a stealth game so no sweat, right...Ability tree is lackluster, but there is no need to be super powerful, invisibility and whistling are enough to pass all stages.Pros:- Challenging stealth gameCons:- Ledges- Ledges- LedgesMy recommendation.  Avoid trying to be a goblin that hangs on stuff and use your abilities always.  Also, holding the ""Jump"" button after a jump will allow you to stay on a ledge and not climb up it."
76561198139013554,Recommended,242640,23139953,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,passerywy0,"GOOD game,pros:sooth gameplay, well optimizationlovely gnome modelingcons:no skin replacementThe face of styx is ugly, which could be lovely/cool more.no sandbox featureHoping the developers would improve this interesting game, looking forward STYX2"
76561198040541935,Recommended,242640,18012122,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Crys.Fire,"I have only 4 good points for this game and 1 bad. Graphics good, menu nice, story great, Length of game. Its heavy stealth mechanic game mixed with abilities and cover system. One of the hard combinations in programing of a game like this. So things like some wall clips transparend wall and such are sometimes just load issue if your pc cant render all the objects and so on. I only enjoyed the story and game so far that i started to break my head over how to get around enemies better and better. I recommend this one for everybody."
,Not Recommended,242640,19518681,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Deathhippie,"♥♥♥♥♥♥, can't really fight things, you can only parry until they are off balance then attack. Stupid."
,Recommended,242640,22719704,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Steal Beams Can't Melt Jet Fuel,"Ive barely scraped the surface of the story because i die so much. So if you like being stealthy, which i suck at, this is for you. Even though im absolute garbage at this game i still like playing it"
,Recommended,242640,22754442,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Tree Trunk,One of the best Stealth games Ive ever played.  So much fun! There is nothing bad I can say about it.
76561198085637287,Not Recommended,242640,24212209,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,AlkoPolo,had potential
76561197970616511,Recommended,242640,23178759,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,JojoTheSlayer,"A decent stealth game with a strait forward while also slightly confusing story. The stealth elements are fine, but the game feels a bit padded and apart from the stealth and the relics (treasures). The game is otherwise pretty bare bones. Map design is good and interesting for the most part, but there are some frustrating game design issues with AI placement etc at times.Pro:Good core stealth mechanics.Interesting levels.Decent story.Cons:Game feels a bit padded.Combat isnt the focus, but its bad.Unlocking stuff for your characters seems borderline pointless.Game repeats some levels in a backtracking manner.Little of interest to do in the level aside from mission, relic and stealth (No theif like ""grap everything"" feeling)Finding the random tiny ""coins"" isnt fun.Minor control issues if you are using keyboard and mouse (hold jump to NOT auto climb up ledge)If you are interested in stealth games. You should check this one out while on sale. Mostly for the levels.If you are NOT  interested in stealth games you can skip this one."
76561197963416874,Recommended,242640,23210868,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Coady,"Its a really decent game, quite a few hours of play time.  Wait until it goes on sale though guys.  The game isn't completely polished.  For isntance, all the guards say the same thing throughout the entire game.  There were times when Styx (My character), or Rakash rather, would perpetually jump up and down in certain spots, get stuck, enemies would also get stuck in certain areas, behind doors, etc, I would have to re load the game entirely to correct this.  But all in all I would recommened it (on sale).  Fun stealth game, I give it a 6 out of 10."
76561198099764576,Recommended,242640,33149068,Posted: 2 July,all,T3Hler_VtN †,"damn good stealth game, clasic"
76561198012365688,Not Recommended,242640,20579286,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,shankacow,"Not as fun of a game as I was hoping for. Even on Normal difficulty, the game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to deal with. The controls are fine, except for the fact that even when it says you can parry an attack, it won't parry. By the way, there is no run in the game, only normal walk. The time it takes to walk to different areas is mind-numbing."
,Recommended,242640,12852464,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Fusou,pretty good stealth game7/10
,Recommended,242640,12634602,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,seanhexed,"This game continues to impress me. I bought it on an impulse because I love stealth games and the aesthetic of this is wonderful. I figured it was worth the gamble and it absolutely was. If you like the sneaking and stabbing and the occasional bit of crude humor, you will love this game."
,Not Recommended,242640,18273407,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,✪Captain Snipes✪,"press mouse 1 to parry, hits in the air and misses object from 0.2 meters same actions again and again, ""died"" (you did not parry) well hard if i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cant"
,Not Recommended,242640,18210694,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Matt,The stealth is garbage and the combat is even worse so when you get caught because of the garbage stealth system you have to do QTEs to get out.
76561198049052355,Not Recommended,242640,18471541,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,OLA KE ASE,"Bad voice acting, uninteresting story and characters. They should have hired some decent writers and actors to make this kind of game, or just forget the story and make something simpler.A stealth game should have better control as well. You cannot afford to miss to land exactly on the corner of a wall when jumping, which is very frustrating for this kind of game.The only good things is that the maps are huge and there are many things that you can interact with. I still wouldn't really recommend it until it goes on a huge sale."
,Not Recommended,242640,25527217,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Grizzly,"Kinda boring, to be honest.I can even't bring myself to finish the game. It's pretty solid as a stealth game, but very soon into the game, it suddenly loses its charm. I don't feel engaged, or immersed into the game. I just feel like I'm going through the motions so that the story will progress.Stealth is very well done for the most part. The game is basically a mixture of Splinter Cell and Dishonored. You can use darkness the same way you would in Splinter Cell, where being in the shadows basically means you're invisible. Alongside that is a small array of three Dishonored-like powers that you can use. Clones (basically these little goblin things you can control to make distractions), invisibility (yay... who doesn't love invisibility in a ♥♥♥♥ing stealth game), and the equivalent of Eagle Vision, or Void Gaze in Dishonored. It basically just highlights important stuff for you.The story seems interesting enough, I suppose. At least the intro was anyway. Most of the characters are just generic guys that don't really sound believable. And the main character just constantly uses all these stupid quips that sound out of place.And then there's the combat. The sole reason why I moved the game to my SSD. It's ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. I wouldn't even mind it that much if you could dip in and out of combat by escaping the enemy, but that doesn't even work. Every time I'm spotted, I just reload ♥♥♥♥in' instantly because I know I'm already dead. The enemies have ""throwing knives"". Every single enemy has an infinite amount of them. Simply put, the moment you're spotted, anyone who's trying to attack you will start throwing knives at you if you're out of range, or standing on an object or something. This wouldn't be too bad if they weren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttedly overpowered.About 90% of the knives will hit you no matter what. The only other way to avoid them is to start doing a load of evasive manuevers, and sometimes, they don't even work. I'm not a master of game design or anything, but I can tell you that a player, upon being spotted, shouldn't just be held in place by a bunch of ♥♥♥♥os throwing knives at him with perfect accuracy. You can't even move when you're hit by these things. They completely negate all your momentum and you stop ♥♥♥♥ing dead on the spot, even in midair. There's no ""dramatic escape"" when every second you get hit by a knife and lose all your momentum instantly.Combat is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, stealth is a novelty, and the game really doesn't engage you at all.Also, it's got some kind of memory leak issue that causes the game to run ♥♥♥♥♥ier and ♥♥♥♥♥ier the longer you play it. With perfect consistency, the game will always be stuttering around 30 frames after 80 minutes of playing, and it only gets worse from there, stuttering between 5-25 frames over and over, making the game completely unplayable until you restart it. It's kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥knowing that you're on a timer as soon as you start the game and over time, the program is just killing itself from the inside.That's about it, really."
,Recommended,242640,26240731,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Blazing1Blitz,"fun game with great stealth mechanics, would highly recommend if your into stealth based gameplay. good story line"
76561198024628996,Recommended,242640,16813882,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,RADLORD,its good
,Recommended,242640,30525337,Posted: 15 March,all,Incarn,Fricking awesome.Pros ++ Great stealth mechanic.+ Story telling.+ Character development.Cons -- None to think of.Recommend.
,Not Recommended,242640,33393240,Posted: 8 July,all,doommetal,This game uses savepoints in the worst way possible.  Want to lose 15 minutes of your life to start all over again and play the same thing 12x in a row then buy this game.
76561197988510453,Not Recommended,242640,33327858,Posted: 6 July,all,Sheep Lord,"I thought I was going to write a positive review for this game until the 7th hour of gameplay.  To be straightforward, the only reason I'm giving this a bad review is because it gets so hard, even on the easiest difficulty, that it is harder than any stealth game I have ever played before.  I hear for other people the point this happens is different, such as 2 hours or as far as 15, but the bottom line is that it is too hard.  The positive things I can say about it are that it has good intuitive level design, creating branching paths and quite a beautiful environment, and that at its core, the stealth gameplay is fun and solid."
,Recommended,242640,28148521,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ღAnoNymouSღ,nice
,Recommended,242640,19928370,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Zane,"Styx: Master of Shadows is about a kooky 200 year old goblin that's pratically going insane and he wants to find a tree that can save him from his insanity. If you couldn't guess from the name its a stealth game, it has levels which are huge open enviroments letting you take what ever path that pleases you. What makes the game unique in it's own way is that instead of playing some elf, human, or some other thing, you play as a goblin so his small body makes him harder to see and you can get yourself into some tight spots. Like in Dishonored you have some cool abilities that can make you spot out important parts of the enviroment or make a clone of yourself to make him go do stupid things. The game handles really well (so far) and is reminiscent of the old Theif games, where you really don't have to kill but you can just walk around like you own the place. I recommend this game if your looking for a excellent stealth game or your a huge fan of Dishonored and can't wait for the second. Even though I've hardly played the game I give it a solid 8/10."
76561198007215017,Recommended,242640,12435493,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,telamiina,"Styx: Master of Shadows is stealth game from Cyanide. Cyanide is well known for good ideas and getting those games close to good but missing a just littlebit.Styx is cheap and it has lower production values than AAA games. Though visuals are actually stylish and level design is SUPERIOR. Levels are big have multible vertical levels and have lots of ways to go!Voice acting is only that tells game is cheap. But who cares when it is a steal for this prise!!!Styx is a tiny goblin and there for he must avoid direct combat all the time as he is killed easily by one soldier etc.In close combat you can only parry and agter parry you mabe can kill enemy...Sounds lame?Actually this is EXELENT!!! Game is a stealth game and give tools for the trade, combat tells that you have failed!Stealth system is good with light sourses, hinding places, hiding under tables etc. Lots in there and also in Styx skills that he learns trough the game. See some videos , its a long list.Controls work prefectly and I have had no problems with them.So overall Styx: Master of Shadows is really a pleasant suprise! It is cheap game and under AAA budget can be seen in some places.But oh boy! It is a good stealth game! And it is HC.So if you are into good stelth go for it!!!ps. STEALTH, not stealth/combat game where you kill map full of enemys in close combatpps. And yes. It can be hard as it does not hand held with automatic control help in jumps and etc.ppps. (?)Play with Goblin level. Thats the way to go!"
76561198015360343,Recommended,242640,17994425,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Ched,just under 6 hrs in and so far so good
,Recommended,242640,18021612,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,xBOGU,This is a very nice game. Beautiful graphics and beautiful story.
,Recommended,242640,18033742,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Bud,Quicksave Simulator 2015
,Recommended,242640,18039044,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Wendy Clitlock,"""Why are the Anatomical Study pages always stuck together?"" 10/10 would check out anatomical study books again."
,Recommended,242640,31317563,Posted: 23 April,all,Gariban31,Nice
76561197971178528,Not Recommended,242640,19496790,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Honkenstein,"This gameplay is fine enough.  Didn't get too far into the game.  What spoiled it for me is the F-bombs scattered through the dialogue in its many variations.  For *me* it detracts from the entertainment value.  What's more, for *my* personal tastes and expectations, inclusion of strong coarse language in a fantasy style game environment is an ""anachronism"".So this is just a ""heads up!"" to those who don't object to a bit of action/violence ... but prefer not to have F-bombs (and its derivatives) piping into their ears.  I should have checked with ESRB before buying it.  8(btw: If you're not bothered by F-bombs then you might enjoy the game.  It looks and feels good to play.NOTE: I'm only ""not recommending"" the game because I'm forced to make a choice.glhf to all"
76561198114526027,Recommended,242640,28251971,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Thunder Nipss,gg
76561197961597506,Not Recommended,242640,18861081,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,GreaseFire,"Styx wore out my F9 keyI've played the crap out the Thief series and thought this would be a nice twist on similar gameplay.  It turned out to be little more than a frustrating adventure.Given that you're a goblin, you have special abilities you wouldn't otherwise have.   For example you can create a clone of yourself to wander around while you stay somewhere safe, or grant yourself brief invisibility, provided you have the amber (mana) to use it.  You're also agile enough to jump large distances and survive relatively long falls, provided you can master the game's often sloppy controls.  There are times where I wanted to mantle up a ledge but instead the game thought I wanted to climb a burning brazier where I promptly self-immolated and had to reload.Let's talk level design.  You'll explore your standard environements: castles, prisons, etc. and the game makes the most out of them by making you play through them (read: recycle) more than once.  No stealth game would be complete without guards and what they may lack in intelligence is made up for in quantity.  Missions have scores of guards and it might not be so bad if getting caught by them wasn't such a major penalty.  You do have a dagger to defend yourself with but it can only be used if the games lets you.  If you're caught by a guard, you're forced into a QTE where you have to parry the guard's attacks 1-3 times before you can deliver a killing blow.  That's all well and good if there's no one else around, which is rarely the case.  He'll summon his friends over while you're trying to fight him, all the while they're chucking throwing knives at you.  You soon learn that it's easier just to reload than go through that nonsense.If you're caught by an armored knight well too bad, you get to do noithing but watch him grab you and smash your face in.  Reload.  Then there are the roabies, the insect-like things that roam some of the maps.  You're told they're blind but have excellent hearing and they are not joking.  You can kill them by sneaking up on them (good luck) and stabbing them (again if the game lets you).  If you alert one, they will attack you with laser-guided projectiles and the hatred of a thousand suns.  Oh and your dagger if now useless because you can no longer swing it to try and kill the damn things.  So I figure with their intense hatred of all things living, I could try and lure some guards and roabies to each other and have 'em duke it out.  Well apparently the two long ago signed a peace treaty and each happily ignores the other, meanwhile each goes to DEFCON 1 if they hear you fart 3 rooms away.  Lame.You can only spend skill points and reload supplies in your hideout at the end of each chapter.  You can carry a whopping 2 health potions, 2 amber vials, 2 throwing knives and 5 balls of sand (for dousing torches from a distance), each is upgradable.  This means finding items in the field which are absurdly scarce.Maybe I'm just bad at it, but I found the whole game a frustrating and unfun experience."
,Recommended,242640,18023481,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Hoplite,Buy it. NOW!!!!
76561198072798772,Recommended,242640,31647304,Posted: 9 May,all,HauntedMoose,Good stealth experience fa sho
,Not Recommended,242640,17937662,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,rafasc_94,"wow this game as a lot to talk about. Lets start for what its good, Styx: Master of Shadows brings fantasy to a whole other level, the representation of the typical fantasy races are amazing and really original, you will like the main character, you will love the setting, the art direction and even the story is quite good with very good plot twists.However this game fails miserably on the gameplay part, its horrible you will die many times because you wanted to do this and instead you did that, climbing, hiding, escaping you name it, the combat is frustrating the game really punishes you, in an unfair way, for not being stealthy because like that you will enter combat mode. The combat system is really bad, when troops are alerted, you enter a combat mode even if you dont want to, if you are escaping but pass close to a guard you will enter combat mode, to get out you have to peary the attacks of the enemies so when finally killing an enemy the animation leaves you completely vulnerable getting yourself killed by other enemies. Plus these enemies dont miss any long rage shot.The leveling was a very lazy way to make a game (and possible spoiler alert) after say half a game you will do the same levels backwards however they are very open and there are many ways to pass through them.in conclusion : Styx: Master of shadows is a solid 6/10 (because i really apreciate the positives)"
76561198052417309,Recommended,242640,26052098,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,john.braeside,Gets a bit preddictable. Couldn't be bothered finishing it.
76561198105161239,Recommended,242640,17913616,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,| RG |,STYX <3
,Recommended,242640,18606759,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Captain k'nuckles,Master of Shadows
76561198079210302,Not Recommended,242640,33636911,Posted: 18 July,all,Dacodmaster,"This game is just repetitive doing the same thing over and over with a prety much bad story and also bad dialogs ,every time a character swears i feel so cringy about it. The acting is really , really bad . The colectable dont have an impact at all on this game , the skills that you get with skill points are things that in any other stealth games you start with like killing from above  or killing from a hiding spot but no in this game the basic stealth abilities are the most advanced skills. The game just lacks gameplay and doesnt bring anything new to this type of gamesorry for grammer mistakes"
76561198061149843,Recommended,242640,28916179,Posted: 1 January,all,Saum1t4,I absolutely loved this game.
,Recommended,242640,28939090,Posted: 2 January,all,Jacket,DANK
,Recommended,242640,31798901,Posted: 16 May,all,Telekeneto,"If dishonored had an extra hard mode, this would be it.Really great stealth gameplay, I find the combat extremely challening. I think the gameplay is a little slow because of it though, it held me over until Dishonored 2 got patched up."
76561198039152770,Recommended,242640,18562547,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Evil Dwight,"Styx is a very well-made, very sound addition to the stealth genre. The gameplay draws from powerhouses of the genre while bringing quite a new taste to your stealth loadout with skills like the clone skill, which rebuts dishonored's Blink as your staple ability. The fantasy-setting story is both refreshing and compelling, not lacking in plot twists and character development in a mood reminiscent of Thief: Deadly Shadows. The sound structure of the game lives up to my expectations of the generation, and I have met little to no buggy behavior during my experience. The AI behavior scales well with difficulty setting, and I find Goblin(highest) difficulty most satisfying. Behavior quality sits somewhere around ""Dishonored x 1.5"", enemies will call friends to investigate disturbances and their peripherals are VERY realistic. However they are not always without handicap, and may occasionally exhibit the same embarrassing behavior we have come to tolerate in the genre. Despite this, I think this game was under-hyped during release and a 30 dollar price tag is unfair to its developers, who clearly put a lot of work and effort into respecting their players' intelligence. The tutorial and introduction were comprehensive and properly-paced, and the simple yet sufficient inventory and skill systems provide a rock-solid set of rules and boundaries/capabilities for the players. for example Your energy recharges on the same system as Dishonored, which is with a slight refund buffer after a period of no casting, BUT potions can only be drunk when you are safe, forcing players to really think ahead and plan how to tackle a scenario, and fast. What's more, you can only carry 1 extra energy bar's worth of potions, and they can NOT be spam drunk mid combat like Dishonored. This makes combat MUCH more punishing. You really put yourself on the line as Styx, and a goblin in a world of men and elves has to be extremely cunning. The developers make sure you feel the heat when you're hiding juuuuust out of sight and have to create the perfect distraction but you only have 3 seconds until the armored knight rounds the corner and gives you a lesson in chivalry, so you spit a decoy and turn invisible, stealing his dagger and slipping into a sewer drain as he bashes its skull in and gives a satisfied chortle moments before being obliterated by the chandelier you had just been standing under but then threw his stolen dagger to detach.I picked this game up for $10 during a sale and was amazed at the quality I got. Would have easily paid a full $60 had I known."
76561198039305661,Recommended,242640,25166777,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,gunsaremagic,its a medicore stealth game enemy ai is nothing special  but the level design is great not as good as thief 2 but still great and you can play as a ♥♥♥♥in goblin in a stealth game  7/10 styx is awsome
,Not Recommended,242640,34610057,Posted: 30 August,all,Kulreaver,"Styx is a visually impressive game, but the pro stops there. The controls are clunky; the dialogues are superficial and without depth; and there is no sense of purpose. I cannot recommend this game."
76561198031794528,Not Recommended,242640,12506967,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Theholyevil,"Being a HUGE fan of stealth games, I came across this little nugget while mildly bored on my day off. I really wish I could have liked this game, it makes me upset I could not like this game, but there you have it.Styx bring together probably one of the greatest true to life stealth systems I have ever seen for a game. The problem is it is very unforgiving to the point that the bugs in the systems that normally people would ignore glare too bright. A NPC saw you from across the room while you were in the shadows? That's a checkpoint restart. At the same time, most other games have the NPC litterally staring you down in a mildly lit room and can't see you. Styx: the master of shadows brings a realistic spotlight on every stealth system and makes me feel like a jackass.The story is..... well.... it could have made it. The voice acting is feels like it was done by one person with a brooklin acsent. My O' right, chip off ye old block a'eh lads?! Wha..... you 'ear something?! Annoying to say the least. Probably my only true negitive about this game.There is NO fighting in this game, don't pretend it does. If you get into combat you basically parry the one person to death. If there are two people you are fighting, you are dead. Your only choice is to run.Loads of fun for the right person. For me, it is just too unforgiving for my tastes.  I still hold it as the pinnicle of all stealth systems I have ever seen. That is, if they can work out the bugs in the system. If you are the kind of person who is a huge fan of stealth and REALLY wants a challenge, this is for you. Otherwise, the avarage joe (like me) just wants to have  some fun on his day off from work. And, would rather not spend it bug testing one of the best and unforgiving stealth systems on the market."
,Not Recommended,242640,13305774,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Jayson,"*Edit* I ended up uninstalling the game after accepting that I just wasn't having a good time in the 7 or 8 hours I tried playing it. There are times when it really shines when everything is working perfectly, but there were a lot more frustrating moments when the game mechanically just...didn't do what I know I should have been capable of. The checkpoint system was the thing that ruined the game the most for me. Someone in the forums DID let me know that I could quicksave, which keeps you from having to repeat 15 minute sections, but that feels more like I'm abusing a system instead of actually enjoying the game.TLDR; some people are going to love this, I understand, but I don't recommend picking this up. Now...if there's ever a Styx 2? Go for it! Or if this is on sale for around 10$ and you're looking for a stealth game. I'd still recommend Mark of the Ninja before this though :X.It looks amazing, has excellent voice acting along with an interesting story, and the characters and npcs all seem alive and pretty interesting. The down side is when the mechanics in the game work, they're awesome, but it can be really frustrating when you're attempting to do something simple and it just...does not work. Which ends with you getting into combat, which is also incredibly unenjoyable and usually means you should just restart. But beware! When you die or decide to restart, the game checkpoints once every objective, so you might be repeating 10-15 minutes of gameplay just to progress to the next checkpoint. I'm going to finish this just to see how the story progresses, but I have a hard time recommending it against Thief and any of the Assassins Creed games unless you absolutely desire a new original stealth game to play."
,Not Recommended,242640,33861572,Posted: 28 July,all,Heinyken,"This game is okay. I guess if you like sneaking, stealth meters, steampunk-inspired fantasy architecture and willful murder, you should play... Dishonored. If you like high quality stealth, slow gameplay that rewards patience and satisfying kills, you should play... Hitman. If you like low-stakes stealth with good level design and fun challenges involving special abilities, you should play... Deus Ex.This game has elements of all of that listed above, but still... it's barely okay."
76561197981935191,Not Recommended,242640,25915027,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ramsay_sartawi,"I dunno I enjoy playing the sneaky stealth games, (Dishonored, Shadow of Mordor, Deus Ex:HR) - finding ways around, picking off straggers one by one - you do this here, but I found Styx more frustrating than enjoyable :-\"
,Not Recommended,242640,13486473,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zyrxil,"I really like stealth games. Thief, Splinter Cell, Hitman, Dishonored, I play them nonstop as soon as they are released. Although Styx is a game from a budget title studio, I had high expectations after hearing about how it was best played as a pure stealth game on the hardest difficulty. However, as you can guess from the thumbs down next to this review, I was deeply disappointed by it.Styx feels like a 'cargo-cult' game. The term refers to when a primitive society sees the prosperity of temporarily visiting missionaries or army groups, and imitates their physical actions to try to bring wealth, without actually understanding what the people they are imitating are doing. In the same vein, Styx is a game that seems to have been designed by checklist of popular stealth game features, without any understanding of how to unite the mechanics underneath together into good gameplay.Clunky ControlsThe biggest problem everyone will complain about is how difficult it is to drop off a ledge. Walking off a ledge does not automatically cause your character to hang from it, unless you crouch-slow walk, a very slow process that is not reliable when you're trying to hide from a guard. The other big problem is that after jumping up to a ledge you can hang from will, your character will automatically pull himself up, an insanely idiotic design decision that means you simply can't jump to hang off a ledge a guard is near. Third major problem, when hanging from and shimmying along a ledge, your character cannot traverse corners. I thought this was a bug the first time I ran into this situation, but no, it's designed like that. You simply cannot shimmy along the outside of a balcony. This not only makes no sense, but it also makes shimmying much less useful of a movement tool, relegating it to basically a hiding manuever.Bad Level DesignThe setting of the game (inside a tower suspended over an abyss) allowed the devs to create levels as literally a series interconnected floating rooms with very little logic to them. They could almost pass for a procedurally generated layout of random offices, laboratories, and storage areas. The devs don't actually -do- anything with the levels. There's nothing memorable, there are no calculated site lines, no rhyme or reason to the location of tiny tunnels only your character can travel or metal crosses on the walls your character can climb. One path is not more advantageous than any other path, or more profitable since there is no loot that you can steal for score as you might expect in a game about a goblin thief.Lack of contentMost level zones (each 'whole' level is composed of 3 or 4 zones) can be completely fairly quickly, in under 10 minutes, if playing ghost style. The *only* thing that slows play down are the presence of 10 collectible coins in each zone. There is only *one* purpose to these coins- collecting every single one in every zone for a level awards some skill points at the very end of the level. If you fail to find any, it's the same as not collecting any at all. The coins are -not- cumulative currency; they aren't used in any logical way, such as reaching certain thresholds in the number of coins found across all levels awarding skill points. No, you either find absolutely all of them, or you simply ignore all of them, completely elimating any reason to explore, and cutting down on gameplay time by 80%.Poor Enemy Distribution and DesignThe levels are far too populated. The devs just figured ""More guards=more difficulty"". Not only is this not true, the enemy variety is severly lacking due to the dev's misunderstanding. With the exception of bowmen, the differences between the humanoid enemies that exist depend solely on their combat capabilities. Even bowmen don't behave any differently unless they already have been put into an alert state, in which case they are able to check vertically better than other enemy types. Humanoid enemies therefore become completely indistinguisable when playing in true stealth ghost style.Mechanical InconsistencyThe only exception to  are mutated bugs that can detect you by sound, but have extremely sensitive hearing. These are not true enemies, but rather count as obstacles, as you are allowed to kill them while keeping the ""Mercy"" no-kill rating. One glaring problem is obvious after a while- the devs do not allow their systems to interact. Although the bugs tend to be placed in areas close to humanoid enemies, nothing NPCs do will attract their attention. No matter how loud NPCs may be, there simply is nothing in the game code that allows the bugs to attack NPCs. This complete separation of game systems removes so many tactical options from the player and is a glaring example of the bad design in the game.Inconsistent DetectionThe player character can do vertical jumps of 15 feet or forward jumps of 10 feet (these by the way are non-negotiable distances. You cannot let go of jump early to jump smaller distances.) Sometimes these trigger NPC audio detection. Sometimes they don't. Styx can also walk off the second step of a staircase, dropping 1 foot onto the ground. This will sometimes trigger NPC audio detection, and sometimes it won't."
76561198128822447,Not Recommended,242640,34205390,Posted: 12 August,all,UNBELIEVABLY GAY,"On the off chance that any game developers are reading this, here's my word of advice:If you have a really good idea for a game, DO NOT go through Focus Interactive to have it published and produced. I am so sick of seeing a game that would've been fantastic if given the right resources and competent oversight, but have every conceivable corner cut because of lack of funding or time or whatever the f*ck Focus isn't giving its game developers.Collision detection when platforming is garbage.Enemy field of vision is garbage.Level design is garbage (I only even noticed because you just go through the same levels in reverse in the second half).The only thing I don't blame on Focus is the writing. The dialogue is cringey and the plot is almost unforgiveably boring.Long story short, f*ck Focus Interactive. Stop taking good ideas to them, They'll mediocre the living sh*t out of them."
,Not Recommended,242640,13464216,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,tequibo,"In's not a bad game, but those problems that made it hard for me to enjoy it:- there is no silent kill. there is very loud and quick stabbing, and less loud and slow takedown where Styx will choke a target and then snaps it's neck (!?), which makes noise and will alert nearby guards.- sometimes guards can see you too well, they spot you behind cover and in shadow, and sometimes they miss you in plain sight. It's just inconstant and opaque mechanic- I know developers patched controls, but they are still clunky. it's hard hang down from a ledge as well as grab a ledge after a jump sometimes.- there are giant glowing bugs that are blind but can hear you, and will attack you if you are close, but for some reason they do not attack guards. and I've seen a dead guard's body surrounded by them, so it's not like they are pet bugs or something.TL;DR it lacks polish, mechanics are inconsistent and opaque, clunky controls.I would recommend playing a Mark Of The Ninja, Dishonored, Deus Ex: HR or Batman: AC instead."
,Recommended,242640,14788082,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Alexander DeLarge,"I can't believe I'm playing a proper stealth game in 2014/2015. For everyone that complains about Thi4f, Hitman Absolution and Conviction/Blacklist, this is for you. If I could go back, I'd buy it at full price without hesitation.The soundtrack is awesome. The stealth is fair but difficult. There's no nonsense to be had in this game and if you get caught, god help you because you're going to have a difficult time taking out more than a single guard. The levels are extremely open ended and there's ten different ways to get through a level."
76561198022897265,Recommended,242640,17295994,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Mesjaf,"This game is much like Dishonored and Thief.You won't find anything new in it but Styx: Master of Shadows is still fun game to play.It's's surprisingly long if go for all the achievements.And if you'r interested in achievements, check out my video guides.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=490794075"
76561198143928801,Not Recommended,242640,17990475,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,70mato70,really unforgiving. may be fun for hardcore gamers but not for casual in my opinion
76561198032364571,Not Recommended,242640,17806149,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,chrishoward515,"Extremely frustrating game - you have to guess what the developers want you to do in certain situations, and its not always obvious so you sit there and try 20 different things to no avail.  It's pretty limited in what it accepts to get around things which ultimately leaves you frustrated to the point of quitting."
,Recommended,242640,30995467,Posted: 7 April,all,rachael.boldero,I love the game the stealth is top notch and I wish more games where focused on stealth like this pure stealth.
76561198089745251,Not Recommended,242640,16884116,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Psychonumber13,Disliked due to very clunky controls that didn't always work
,Recommended,242640,22705961,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,yung slynn1,Sneaky stab stab
,Not Recommended,242640,13732988,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Radibor78,"Complete disappointment. Due to the many positive reviews I bought this game, but after a couple of hours I really struggle with getting enough motivation to play it til the end...The ingame graphic is ok (not more), but especially the cut scenes (especially character movement, facial animations) are really bad. The main character is one-dimensional (at best) and I couldn't care less about him. It's true that the levels are large, but i.m.h.o. this is not a good thing as the gameplay is extremely repetitive and controlling the character is really bad in some situation so you fall to death just because the character didn't grap the ledge you were heading for. Which is especially annoying due to the rare auto save points.The level design is not originally and many maps are are used more than once. Furthermore (almost) each level has four parts (even named 1..4 in the save game names), so you always know that there is nothing interesting happening until you finish the 4th part to get to the next (boring) cut scene.The last (negative) point is the music and sounds. In some missions it is really annoying high frequency sounds all the time in the background which is really going on my nerves (and not in a good way).I would never buy this game again and can't recommend it to anyone who has at least some requirements regarding a at least sort of interesting story and diversified gameplay or even more than just quite ok graphics with even less quality cut scenes..."
76561197993758505,Not Recommended,242640,14927716,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Deadlytoque,"Awkward controls, terrible voice acting, inconsistent stealth, climbing and navigation. Buy this for $5, not more."
76561197992245787,Not Recommended,242640,16832754,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Reekris,"I tried very hard to like this game but I just couldn't. It feels dated and clunky. The combat system is a joke, it's basically QTE without any prompts. It consists of clicking 1-3 times at the exact right moment and hoping that you don't get struck while in the kill animation. Stealth kills involve holding your foe down. letting him squirm for an arbitrary amount of time before you decide to stab his face or break his neck. I understand wanting to make stealth kills take a little longer to be riskier, but why make me hold down a button and put a guy in an arm lock for 5 seconds? Why not just make the kill animation a longer than the ""loud"" kill?The ""parkour"" was also very clumsy. You'll miss ledges you should be able to grab I had one where my hands went higher than the ledge but he wouldn't grab it), and as many people have pointed out, you can't turn corners while hanging on a ledge. There is also little incentive to not killing everyone in the area. There are ""treasures"" scattered about, and to find them you'll need to murder everyone in sight. This encourages exploration I guess, but with such a poor combat system and illogical (and time consuming) stealth-kill system, I really didn't want to explore and kill everyone.Finally, the story had potential. It looked like it would be dark and gritty, even creepy. I can handle slow exposition, but my problem here was that there were numerous failed attempts at humor in a game that should have been more serious. Or at least, actually funny. Styx just looked like a dummy, and I don't care to play a game as a dummy.In the end, I got a refund. This has been done WAY better before."
76561198056236167,Not Recommended,242640,23870558,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,E-dawg,"So this game is  the perfect example of great potential, but unfortunately nothing more.I found myself getting bored even before you've learned all of the protagonist's basic moves. Some of the upgradable abilities from the skill tree is well executed though and actually makes you feel like your upgrading your hero rather than just spending skill points on a pointless upgrade that barely enhances any of your hero's abilities. I would say that this argument leans towards the best of the bad, but the worst of the bad is without a doubt the poorly executed animations that leaves me feeling completely empty and far from convinced. The voice acting, physics and animations are way off.In spite of its cheapended graphical- and voiceflaws the game still manages to offer satisfaction in some areas. For instance the fact that you can free roam to a fair extent, and you can drop really far down from edges and still save yourself in different ways. Also some of the kills can be artistically pulled of. Stealth kills are a bit boring and tedious though, and the same goes for lockpicking doors. Take skyrim for instance where you are given a challenge when you lockpick a door and can increase lockpicking skills by leveling up, now that's fun, but here it's just a dull execution which offers you nothing more than a waiting game. You basically end up looking at some poor animation where your hero looks in opposite directions to see if enemies are approaching and a whell in the middle showing the progress of unlocking the door. Boring.In order for my thumb to point upwards the game needs a serious overhaul. The game's animations and physics needs to be re-polished. This pertains both in-game and during videos. Also less arcade-game vibes and more story-rich vibe. Kill the repetativeness in quests and characters - again referring to the arcade-feel of the game here i guess.Maybe I could have given the game one more hour of game-play to see if the story unfolds a bit more and/or if I start liking the game-play, but this argument in itself is just another reason to why I would give this game thumbs down again and again.Long story short:Good try, but not recommended."
76561198049707221,Not Recommended,242640,29089764,Posted: 7 January,all,♔Guard♔,"Buggy and confusing.When walking down a stair, I found myself floating. The ""jump"" action drive me crazy. Sometimes I want to jump and hang on some edges, but the little goblin climb up the edges and expose me to the enemies. Sometimes I want to walk down some edges, the goblin choose to hang itself and lose the oppetunity to escape. The autosave merely occurs. The quicksave/quickload oftenly knock down furnitures and trigger noises so enemies are easily attracted.This game doesn't worth your time!!!"
,Not Recommended,242640,18900577,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,White Tiger,"You're hugging the corner of the wall, watching the two guards walk toward you as you remain hidden under a cloak of darkness. As they walk past a chest, your trap is sprung and one of them is killed. Without hesitation, you throw a knife at the one remaining guard, killing him before he can raise an alarm. Everything is going according to plan, so you attempt to leap up off the balcony to another platform, but the stilted way in which you jump makes you fall short of your goal. You fall to the ground, alerting a couple of guards. You time your parries in an attempt to duel with one, but the other shoots you with a crossbow and you die instantly.Such is the experience of playing Styx: Master of Shadows, a stealth game that occasionally hits the right notes before making you forget about them thanks to bad AI, sub-par combat, repetitious environments, and occasionally frustrating controls."
76561198008984332,Not Recommended,242640,17076668,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,onurv,Mediocre and boring
76561198024706462,Not Recommended,242640,18018410,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Mr Black,"Too many enemies.Combat is useless.Movement speed is too slow.Too weak abilities.This is supposed to be a stealth game however the enemy count is that of a heavy combat focused shooter.Many times I counted rooms 8 x 4 in in-game meters that had 5+ enemies.Patrol routes mean nothing in this game as there are simply too many enemies to avoid.You will be spotted.Your only real form of combat is assasination kills.All other kills auto locks on to an enemy and requires you to press x at the right time taking into account 1. your attack animation time 2. the enemy attack animation time. 3. type of enemy ( heavy armed enemies require you to do it twice and even heavier armoured enemies are immune to your attacks) if done successfully you will instantly kill your enemy but it is very difficult execute.Your running and crouched speed is pratically the same- slow.So ""running"" away from enemies (that will spot you) forces you to hammer your jump button (as Styx has a very high default jump) and rolling to avoid enemies, which results in awkward getaways.You can become invisible but for a very limited amount of time and with a high ""mana/amber"" cost combined with your slow movement you will be lucky if you can bypass one guard.You can make clones and posses them but they are next to useless. If used as a distraction the enemies will very quickly return to their posts not leaving a large enough gap for you to sneak by. If they are hit just once they will die. They are also slow and they cannot attack ( except with special ""trap"" upgrades and even then they are sittuational at best.)Styx is a very likeable character and I hope to see a better designed sequel in his future, but unfortunately for his debut appearance Styx's creators put him in the deep end of hardcore stealth gameplay by handicapping him with his abilities and giving his opponents a massive boost in offence with sheer numbers.I recommed only for willing supporters like myself, I do not regret my purchase.However if you are looking for a stealth/combat game I highly recommend Dishonoured, Hitman:Blood Money, and the old Thiefs 1-3."
,Recommended,242640,16822272,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,EvilPhoneGuy,I am to lazy to write a proper review. Just get it its fun.
,Not Recommended,242640,32318685,Posted: 10 June,all,sEver,This game allowed me to understand that I do not like stealth games.
,Recommended,242640,31484830,Posted: 1 May,all,craig234,"I've only played 3 hours. But ready to say some things.I'm normally not a big fan of games 'like this'. Even a classic like thief I have mixed feelings, the mechanics seem a big forced, the fun iffy in that game.I like Styx. It has a good balance of a lot of things. The character is novel and entertaining and fits, the challenge is hard but doable, the mechanics are enjoyable. It 'works' and has a lot of fun.The enemies are sort of artfully done - looking as unattractive as they might to another race.Ready to recommend the game to people who think they might like it as a stealth game. It pulls you in and back.Nits - can be frustrating restarting levels, a typo in the NPC text."
76561198075787025,Recommended,242640,25417708,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SheepamongWolves,I recommend this game.
76561198012727270,Recommended,242640,32653618,Posted: 22 June,all,Seele,Local midget creep watching you shower.
,Recommended,242640,34881496,Posted: 11 September,all,omaribdah,verry good
76561198016335227,Not Recommended,242640,28840534,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,dr_judym,"Very clunky and quite frustrating. How the stealth works is unclear, you can be perfectly hidden and still get detected. The failure threshold is almost none, and the combat is a mess with the view auto-snapping to nearby enemies. Maybe they'll get it right in the sequel."
76561198010420860,Recommended,242640,18698674,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,mrraybaker,"Styx is a good game. One that could have been a Great sneaker, but sadly falls short in a few areas.Pick it up on sale though and it's well worth it.The level designs are some of the best I've seen, they are very large (especially for the genre) and very 3D, many you simply cannot do if you think only in 2 dimensions.Many reviews point to the combat system as the main weakness.. but that is tosh... you are a goblin, small and not strong compared to humans, you are supposed to die fast if you are caught! This is not assasins creed where you can take on 20+ men and merrily slash you way through then ""blend in"" to the crowd to escape! You can maybe fight of 2 people and do a runner... maybe... but the point is to be a ""master of shadows"" and not get caught! If you are fighting you are playing wrong!The 2 main issues are the AI and the characterr movement, the AI is flaky at best, I've ""triggered alarms"" in sections of the level I've not even been, watched in amusement guards who can't see me and can't hear me run round like I just ran up and slapped one of them! Then you realise that this means you don't get an acheivment for said level and that impacts on your skills and you get annoyed! The movement is like the first Assasins Creed, where sometimes you go for a jump that should be makeable, but somehow isn't, till you try it the tenth time and now you do it, by magic, that can be frustrating.All in all though it is worth perserveing with as the story is good, and humour abounds. Could have done better sure, but a Good game nontheless"
76561198195607465,Not Recommended,242640,18120004,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ConcernedDuck73,This game is honestly for hardcore stealth players only. You might think you are a hardcore stealth player but your not. Assassins Creed isn't hardcore stealth. Anyways I kept dying over and over again and you start over the entire level if you die. So if you're not a proffessional hardcore stealth player don't get it.
,Not Recommended,242640,30737158,Posted: 25 March,all,rawr,THE GOOD:- Sneaking mechanics are mostly  fun- Interesting player characterTHE BAD:- Recycled levels (almost 50% of the game)- Bad ai- Boring story- Unbalanced final boss (troll boss)- Lots of bugs and glitches
76561198052242133,Not Recommended,242640,30986103,Posted: 6 April,all,ensis12,"the game is not bad by any means, but stealth games need to be especially ""crisp"" when it comes to a.i. and your own actions. there is no flow building up and you really cannot reliably assasinate guards unfortunately.just an example what i mean by flow: you hang from some notch on some wall perfectly above an enemy. the logical conclusion would be, to drop down and ram that dagger down its skull. But you cannot, there are no jump kills, no drop down kills etc. and this makes this game painfully slow. Also you hang on a ledge below an unsuspecting foe, i know what you want to do, but no, you cannot. The game does a lot of things right, but just lacks badly in the ""style"" and diversity category making it frustrating to play. The movement also is very clonky at some points which adds to the same issue."
,Not Recommended,242640,18226990,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Still Tyrion,"I gave up after 4.3 hours. The fighting system is silly. The stealth part is sometimes fun, sometimes mediocre and sometimes makes you bite your knuckles. Well, I certainly have another definition of fun. YMMV."
76561198091317836,Not Recommended,242640,25263450,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Subamashi,"Moving through a level is too klunky for this too be a fluid expierience. Instead of following truly creative paths, getting from point A to B becomes a grind."
,Not Recommended,242640,29278444,Posted: 15 January,all,Gwapingto,This game is going to really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off instead of really enjoying a game with a bit of challenge this game is too frustrating!
,Recommended,242640,30174497,Posted: 25 February,all,Vanerac,best stealth game if played
76561198068308196,Not Recommended,242640,16001540,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,LordBeDe,"Meh, wooden cut scenes and the clumsiest of all thiefs. seriously. He can not not trip over a chair. Also he can not shimmy around an edge. And how often did I miss an edge when jumping towards it ...On top of that, it's three games. One were you level up and get useful sneaky skills, and then, new enemies appear and your skills become useless. The third is the boss fight, where your skills are moslty useless, unless you took 3 throwing daggers."
,Not Recommended,242640,25448163,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Chubums,"This game has some good stealth gameplay and starts out pretty fun, but about 1/2 way through things start to get a bit ridiculous. The addition of enemies like the bugs that are ultra sensitive to sounds, yet dont attack guards or anything other than you and floating skulls that chase you and expload make the game a little obnoxious.They are by no means unstoppable, but their lack of interaction with each other and the standard guards and workers scattered throught the levels makes everything feel disconnected and breaks any immersion you might have managed to achieve.The story is mediocre at best and the voice acting is overacted and 90% forced exposition.Overall i dont think this game is that great, and the farther you get into it the less interesting it becomes.TL;DRokay stealth gameplay but it gets less fun the farther you get and the story sucks"
,Not Recommended,242640,18480917,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,yssuP gnipmaC,"What can 38 minutes can tell you about one game?Styx is at Mediocre at best when it comes to Stealth gameplay, enemy AI cant tell whether the thing the saw in front of them are you;their enemy or just a lump of rock, animation and sound is alright.However. Still just a so so stealth game."
,Recommended,242640,16539189,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lord Bailey,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccK5j0nU6Jo
76561198037446282,Not Recommended,242640,16964258,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,vitojwt,The game has a character that is funny at times but is limited in likeability.  You sort of trudge thru the game using stealth and a sneak attack kind of kill. Most of the time the game is more work than fun. If your into games that require alot of hiding and stealth as opposed to fighting and action than you may like this game. I did not!
76561198063326640,Not Recommended,242640,34902736,Posted: 12 September,all,dark-hero-18,"This is as a standart stealth-game you can get.Besides the fantasy-setting and playing as a Goblin, there is nothing I haven't seen in other stealth-games as well."
76561197991586360,Not Recommended,242640,14801482,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Tetsuo 6.7,"One of the many things that make a steath game good is the abillity to disengage from combat. This  game dose not have that feature. WHY? Being stuck in a duel with a armed and armored foe means two thins in a stealth run away and hide, or die. In this game you cant run so you die, alot. Oh and the controls are very clunky."
76561198041173206,Not Recommended,242640,31931186,Posted: 24 May,all,Bitter Bizmarck,"Great gameplay, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ end to the story. Won't bother getting the sequel now that I know what you play as. Won't recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,242640,34823412,Posted: 8 September,all,GameLord,Styx game seems to be a combination of a stealth/assassin/thief kind of thing. It is the kind of game you will enjoy. Storyline and the compatibility of most average PC gamers was also a good decision from the makers/developers of this game. Thumbs up for this one and looking forward to buy the Styx: Shade of Darkness.PC ScoreGraphics: 8/10Gameplay: 9/10Story: 9/10Highly Recommended to buy...
,Recommended,242640,16813452,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,nakedSunOo,"Good leveldesign, good open steath-gameplay, interesting grim goblin plot, nice approach to make the backtracking of the levels never gets old.Totally must by for fans of the stealth genre. For the others give it a look, because of the stunning atmosphere and the design of the Game which takes place at one space only The Tower of Akenash. its believable."
,Recommended,242640,26156730,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Zarthrag,"I'm a big fan of stealh games.  And this gem somehow passed right by me!  This game seems to do ""Theif"" better than Theif does... I'm finding it to be fun, and there are a *bazillion* ways you can approach just about any goal/mission.  Also, there doesn't seem to be an emphasis on killing, or collecting every single item you see - leaving you free to play in whatever style you see fit.  The environment has plenty of places to hide, and even bonus ways of killing guards.  I love it."
76561198019509533,Recommended,242640,23961123,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Frog,if you like Styx you will like this one
76561198278492689,Recommended,242640,23956908,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kouwaivan,The only thing i hate in this game is the bug-like enemy.It is disgusting.
76561198052352944,Not Recommended,242640,15733666,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,krayoconnell,"This game is mediocre at best. It looks and plays like a cheap rehashing of Dishonored, but with a different level design and protagonist. I wasn't a fan of Dishonored, but this game isn't as fun as it. If you are a big fan of Dishonored, then this game is for you."
76561198010075963,Recommended,242640,12405850,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,A!,Puked in soup everyone died
,Not Recommended,242640,13443727,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,m0phre4k,"I really wanted to like this game. But it suffers from a very boring story, stupid AI, misplaced checkpoints for respawning and lame combat. 5/10"
76561198006858093,Recommended,242640,12405057,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,The Undying Fiend,Loving IT...
76561198086348543,Recommended,242640,12404824,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Spectre Knight,GG = goblin game
76561197975291280,Not Recommended,242640,29459275,Posted: 24 January,all,ColMustard,"Gameplay too repetitive. Story interesting but not enough to carry it through. Same enemies, same environments, same tactics, boring."
,Not Recommended,242640,23312745,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Derp,"I wished that I read and watched more reviews and gameplays before buying this.The combat is godawful and when you die you restart at the beginning of the stage.What happened to checkpoints?Also, when I installed it the game wouldn't even launch.It gave me a flickering black screen and I had to look for solutions myself."
76561198091001305,Not Recommended,242640,13218897,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,coreywindom,"Cant get my controller to work, I'm sure it would with a controller but trying to play with a mouse and key board is torture. There is no way to contact the developers for help. At this point, I have nothing good to say about the game or the developers."
76561198013318175,Not Recommended,242640,12498060,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,kosmo501,"Its No good. The game is no good. assassin creed no 1 is far more better than this one,it has little new to show and the control shucks , is like i play a free game or a pay game at 2007-2008 ,it has nice graphics but the control and the camera destroys all the good effort . sorry but i try to be honest"
,Not Recommended,242640,19911284,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,RogerThat,Game does not start
76561198006956776,Not Recommended,242640,17923748,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Creeper,"Biggest waste of personal resouces! Clunky, unintelligent, and frankly, I could have used that $7.50 on liqour.  Or, a different game.  First time a game was so bad that it insulted me to type/write a review.  Honestly, baby jesus is crying..."
76561198053840169,Recommended,242640,23107470,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,FlammableLamb,it was fun game and different than most games of its kind.
76561197985316615,Not Recommended,242640,30344197,Posted: 5 March,all,Rageviking,"It seems kinda unfinished. Stealth mechanichs are buggy, the story is meh, there's too much bad dialogue and so on."
76561197987039116,Not Recommended,242640,25530529,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kriz H,"It was a alright game, but it was not for me. Too frustrating, you perform a task which takes several seconds with no chance to abort or speed up the task. The 75% barely made it an alright buy. You basicly sneak around guards patrolling, kill them or go unseen. I really dont have the patience for that."
76561198306641531,Not Recommended,242640,34151781,Posted: 10 August,all,almaha,its not good u reapet the miision everytime u die and that makes is booooring and im shocked about the reviews its all postive wtf
76561198151061716,Recommended,242640,34674515,Posted: 1 September,all,PikaKitt3n,By far the best fantasy based stealth game. Fun as hell with an amazing main character
,Recommended,242640,34061080,Posted: 6 August,all,lemonade,Hardest game i've ever played.Recommended
76561197983503833,Recommended,242640,12450246,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Zelurs,"After playing about 15h I'm still at the very beginning of this game, but I can already tell you that this is one of the best stealth games there is. It has mostly quite large levels with quite a good vertical design in them, that I love. It brings a lot of fond memories from the Thief series (excluding the awfull latest entry in that series..). Good level design, good sneaking mechanics & very atmospheric. Only nitpicking is that it would have been great to have 1st person perspective. If the rest of the game keeps up the good things, this one will be a classic."
,Not Recommended,242640,13918658,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Lifeheart,"Not what I expected.  I was hoping for something as elegant and polished as Dishonored, but I was decieved.  The controls are clunky on a PC, obviously created to accommodate a controler, not a keyboard and mouse.  The little goblin guy talks to himself too much and you're just thrown into the story without much back story.  Maybe that will develop later in the game more.  I will stomach this game through to the end because I paid full price for it (DOH!), but so far I'm not happy."
76561198041420411,Not Recommended,242640,17938023,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Glenjamin,one of the  the absolute worst stealth games i have ever played the tools they give you actually hurt you more then help you the stealth system is broken beyond words. what youre hiding in dark shadows where only a cat or some other creature of the night should be able to see you nope not on styx master of shadows all humans have both eyes in tyhe back of there heads and also can see in infrared what you think you can exploit patrols and pick the guards of seemlessly if youre patient haha youre funny only if you have amber and can pop invis AND EVEN THEN YOULL STILL PROBABLY DIE IF ONE OF THEM HITS YOU. the combat system simply doesnt work the stealth barely works all of the tools they give you to help usually achieve the opposite of the desired effect. cant even tell you how many times ive thrown wet sand at a torch just to have a guard walk in front of said torch and catch a wet sand ball to the face. this isnt a stealth game its a half baked stealth game with a bad story  and terrible mechanics  and just to clarify ive beaten usually with top rating and achieves almost every stealth game i have ever played this game isnt about stealth its about luck. they could fix all of these problems if they at least gave you a way to get guards attention say maybe throwing sandballs at people instyead of torches or throwing a rock to distract them but nope not on styx master of shadows you get 2 throwing knives one decent ability(invisibility) and 3 vials all but one of which are usually useless which is amber if you are using health potions youre probably about to die anyway ( which btw you cant use health potions in combat or when discovered) the acid vials only work if you wait for the dramatic death animation to happen so have fun standing there for the 3 seconds it takes to do a muffled kill then another 2 for the overly dramatic urgh gurgle gurlge im falling down animation which usually gets you caught by the guards. another major issue is the idiotic parkour system which is supposed to let you hang from ledges which would be useful if styx would hang from them instead of auto climbing EVERY DAMN TIME right into an enemies lione of sight again i wouldnt pay 2 dollars much less 7.50 or 30 for this supposed stealth game that only uses half the elements of a stealth game its an obvious pet project of an unskilled dev cant seem to grasp whats actually useful and what isnt.2/10 at best AND THATS ME BEING NICE
,Recommended,242640,31553166,Posted: 4 May,all,wilsont2189,Great game to play and lots of fun
76561198102029100,Not Recommended,242640,17943694,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,mrwatts,- Sloppy and inconsistent controls- Poor terrain feature modeling- Inconsistent jumping/climbing- Inconsistent detection- Terrible combat - don't even bother trying to fight.- Unoriginal and overblown storyHow this game got past QA is beyond me.
76561198321877602,Not Recommended,242640,32418649,Posted: 14 June,all,TNE Sans,It asked me to buy the rest of the game not including the first buy on the game which is 29.99 dollars this game is a scam as the other one is not and i highly regret buying this game
76561198383549324,Recommended,242640,31445254,Posted: 29 April,all,DoktorSkrublord,Definately a fun stealth game but the controls take some getting use to.
,Not Recommended,242640,18484820,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ashton,"When I saw the first trailer for this game I was very very excited.  I was expecting a stealth game like dishonored, however, i was dissapointed.-The game is too cartoony-The game makes too many fart jokes-Voice acting is bad-Script for voice actors is bad-Combat system is a pain to get used to2/10- I'm returning the game."
76561198058673837,Not Recommended,242640,33619239,Posted: 17 July,all,Sir Daniel Fortesque,3/10 the only fun thing in this are the graphics
,Not Recommended,242640,14197505,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Snippets,"I just cant recommend this game. The Story isnt the greatest, the graphics neither and the combat system sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy unless it's on sale!3,5/10"
,Not Recommended,242640,14800421,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,UrhoKarila,Everything about this is just... bad.
,Recommended,242640,33972759,Posted: 2 August,all,ZickZack,"""Quicksave and Quickload"" Simulator"
76561198063963211,Recommended,242640,22486842,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,goblin roleplay
,Not Recommended,242640,14858121,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Theanticrumpet,"I really tried to give this game a chance, I love stealth games and games that give the player a proper challenge, but the climbing is just so bad. To start, climbing down is next to impossible, and in a game where landing on the ground alerts everyone around you, well ♥♥♥♥ you. You can't move from a ledge on a wall to another ledge, even if it's on the same wall. If you are hanging from a rail and you need to round a corner, you're fat outta luck as that just doesn't work. You can only hang onto certain ledges and bits on the wall, neither of which are made very clear right at the start of the game.The game itself is also really game-y. To do a stealth kill, you grab onto the guy, and then have to hold down the kill button arbitrairly long before your character just stabs the dude. ""You want to get into the main hideout? Well you need a specific crowbar from a specific place to get in."" The powers are introduced in a very ""look, you have to use this now, see how cool this is!"" kind of way. That's all I got to see, but it was pretty bad.I want to like this game, I really do. The character is kind of interesting, the sound quality is nice, and the graphics are goregous, but the gameplay is just really bad."
76561198109141821,Recommended,242640,12659650,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Sir Knukkle,Ugliest motherf****er in gaming history. 10/10
,Recommended,242640,12407679,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Terrance,It is stealth game.Don't buy it if you like kill tonns of guards in games like♥♥♥♥♥ass ins creed.
76561198059791889,Not Recommended,242640,24991121,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Lordjoro,"I did not enjoy playing this game, maybe beacuse i'm not that into stealthgames.Now i bet you're thinking ""well why did you buy a ♥♥♥♥ing stealthgame is you don't like stealth"".Get me right guys, i don't hate stealth, i have play dishonored and hitman i i think they pretty good, but i don't like when the stealth gameplay is up to 100% all the time.That makes the game to hard for my taste and that was what this game was. It's a hardcore stealthgame, either that or i ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥on stealth.Unfortunaly i didn't finnish the game, but i did learn the plottwist of the game that's actually makes up for some of the disenjoyment i felt threw the game.The setting is really good to and makes me wish for a spin of title in the same universe.As a closer, buy it but only if you are really really into stealth."
,Not Recommended,242640,13488514,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,KwehstopherWarken,"I love the concept, I love the small part of the story I saw. But the combat system is TERRIBLE. With everything else going for it, and as much s I wanted to like it, The combat is so bad it's unplayable."
,Not Recommended,242640,25616275,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Anterk,"If I can't have precise control over my character in a stealth game I have no fun. Styx feels like a game I should be able to control, or at least innately understand, but instead I find myself stuck and dying over and over to the stupidest nonsense.There is a heavy emphasis on verticality and scaling objects if you want to avoid enemies, but the level of vertical control is worse then even most non-stealth puzzle platformers. For example, precisely raising and lowering myself on the edges of platforms without falling while remaining unseen is absurdly difficult to the extent that I keep falling to my death.Enemy behavior is at times completely different from what I've come to expect from other stealth games. I've completely given up on sneaking up on enemies when they have their back against or near a pillar as they will always see me.Light level and the amount of sound I'm making are either nearly impossible to guess or the AI has simply been glitching out and seeing me when it shouldn't or ignoring me when it should see me.All of the above might not have been a problem if the combat were a solid fall-back or if you were at least able to run easily from combat. However, current combat is based on countering enemy attacks. The countering window is presented to you via a zoomed-in view that obscures everything else and therefore makes running away much harder.Overall, not fun."
76561198050377620,Recommended,242640,12402951,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,angelious94,the game is a tad outdated with its mechanics.*and i would not call this hardcore stealth game) and the combat mechanic is mostly just an annoying gimmick. outside of that its kind of linear and the graphics and scenery are just meh most of the time.the main strength of the game comes from its story.wich is pretty nicely voice acted and quite the interesting tthroughout.all in all i would give the game 6 out of 10EDIT   i accidentaly hitted the not recommend button so i fixed that.
,Not Recommended,242640,25644970,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Hiperyon,"The A.I is very stupid, even at high difficulty. Everything is tecnically ok. Not a bad game but an average game."
76561198006536056,Not Recommended,242640,30237045,Posted: 28 February,all,agi38704,"Looked awesome in the promotion materials, but unfortunatly failed to measure up. Graphics are poor, gameplay is very linear and sound dubbing is in the style of 1996. (ie poor and out of tune with visuals.) Hopefully some of this gets fixed at a later date."
76561198080065458,Not Recommended,242640,30441636,Posted: 11 March,all,zuckerzombie,This game contains unfixed game breaking bugs and also does some major level recycling.
,Recommended,242640,30632188,Posted: 20 March,all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Not Recommended,242640,14682881,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,StoutYeoman,"Styx is a game that really forces you to carefully utilize stealth. Imagine Assassin's Creed if you couldn't just counter-kill your way out of it when 1000 enemies come at you. Seriously, it is a more challenging stealth adventure game. I find the story a little boring and hard to follow, though.If you like challenging stealth games, I say play it. I found it a bit tedious however, and didn't really like the controls so I got tired of it after a few hours."
,Not Recommended,242640,24117643,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,JJZPGG,"Restarting the mission started me from the beginning of the game and overwrote my save, effectively deleting all my progress."
76561197969458289,Not Recommended,242640,33593982,Posted: 16 July,all,Charok,one of the worst stealth games you can buy
76561198031006181,Not Recommended,242640,34926074,Posted: 13 September,all,SuhDud,"I was doing the 1st mission after the tutorial, and the slightest noise made a guard turn around, even if it was a stealth kill like a muffled one from behind, the body would drop and someone would hear it. I was doing a covered kill near a sleeping guard and right as I killed the librarian the guard turned around and saw the dead body, it was a stealth kill right?"
,Recommended,242640,26439925,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,eEnderz,Just 43 minutes in as of writing this review.I LOVE IT!!!
76561198204530616,Not Recommended,242640,35399577,Posted: 1 October,all,Hairy Man,"AIs are laughable at best, seem like something made by a 10 year old after a week at a coding tech camp, and Parts of levels are obviously recycled from past levels. Graphics are eh. Just stay away."
76561198020144608,Recommended,242640,25882291,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Not Recommended,242640,34031766,Posted: 4 August,all,Redacted Lemur,"STYX: MASTER OF SHADOWS - ReviewSTORY-Seems unimportant until the middle of the game. But it's not enough to keep you engaged.-The side story about the Amber smulgeling seems almost a second thought and when it is reveled who was behind it the focus is on the main story plot.GAMEPLAYCon:-lack of feeling in control.-Having unkillable enemies.-Platform issues (too much falling to death).-Combat is pathetic.-Quick save/Quick load simulator.-Being spotted while in darkness.-Useless skill tree (many skills that should be avaiable to player from beginning are not. Focusing too much on the invisiblity ability/Cloning ability and not much on anything else.).-AI Pathing is broken (guards walking into each other/walking into walls.).Pro:-Different animations of killing someone depending on your location.-The animation on Styx while moving/idle.ATMOSPHERECon:-Uninspiring backgrounds/level designs.-Levels are too dark (Must rely on Amber Vision to see places to climb on).Pro:-Character design is unique.-The character Styx was very enjoyable.-Styx's dialoge with himself was entertaining.REPLAYABILITYBeing a stealth game bring alot of replayability whether or not you would want to subject yourself with playing this game again and again.FUNThe killing blow of this game is the lack of feeling in control. That lack of feeling powerful is what ruins this game for me.OVERALLI love Stealth games including the Hitman and Splinter cell series, but both thoses game had chacaters that, while being more focus in stealth and hidding in plain sight, still felt like they had the ability to take control of the given situation. 47's ability to hid among the enemy with disguises and Sam Fisher's arsenal of gadgets and weapons. Styx on the other hand feels less of a Master of Shadows and more of a Peasent of Shadows.SCORE4/10 Below Average."
76561198007457380,Not Recommended,242640,30197399,Posted: 26 February,all,Ooo_Get_You!,"Broken and won't launch. I hate leaving this sort of review, but I have (I promised) duly and properly followed all of the solutions on the forum. It just won't play. I think that to run on modern machines it needs an update. But I am making this review to warn others - Steam needs to be free of broken products. This product is broken.Don't buy."
,Recommended,242640,31441037,Posted: 29 April,all,微末非墨,We need Chinese
,Recommended,242640,12404786,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Breizh Atao,"If you don't like this game, you will be killed in the dark !"
76561197998527528,Not Recommended,242640,32092191,Posted: 31 May,all,modus6699,"this game is trying very hard to be like other stealth based games and at a basic level it does a decent job... but the fact remains that there are better stealth games out there like dishonored, thief, assasins creed, etc.  if you get this game on crazy discount like i did it might be worth the price but otherwise i cant really reccommend this title."
,Recommended,242640,12403686,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Clone303,it's way harder than Dishonored but not has good as Dishonored but well it's really a better stealth game than Assassin's Creed and now to the game itselfgood aboutgameplay 10/100 just awesome and really fungraphic 5.5/10 not has good as on the screenshots from it but still okey goodmobility 10/100 just no game wtih this mobilitycontrols 10/10 just as they should be but you still need to get used to they as anygameit has save game :D
,Not Recommended,242640,30236454,Posted: 28 February,all,saaya,"awful console controlsa bit like splinter cell or hitman or thiefdecent graphicsstory and dialogues are not badbut the controls are awful, just awful...the terrible controls ultimately ruined it for me, i couldnt take it anymore"
76561198055463727,Not Recommended,242640,23851534,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,A Leaf in the Wind,"This game is not bad.Maybe its because its my firsty stealth game, and i simply dont like the gere, but anyhow, the gameplay felt highly repetitve, and not even in good way ,In a dull boring drawn out way. As somebody who like collecting things, i felt very unhappy erunning around the areas for hours and spending huge amounts of time going around maticulously killing everybody just so i could go treasure hunting unhindered. It was fun at first, and its a really interesting game with a neat premise, but the gameplay just isnt for me."
76561198139252866,Not Recommended,242640,25908227,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mostlygaming,"The controls are absolutely clunky, awkward, and just overal terrible. The AI is braindead and broken. Ex: I was hiding behind cover and one of the guards upgraded to X-ray vision and saw exactly where I was... Also, they glitch the hell out. This game was ruined for me. Totally not what I was expecting according to the overall review on Steam. How is no one talking about this?  This lame excuse of a stealth game is not worth $29.99! Save your money and get something like Aragami or Dishonored or why not  both? You get more valueble content for that same price.And yes yes, I only have 60 minutes of gameplay, that's because for two reason:1. The game was just literally so bad I had no further interest on playing it.2. I had to keep it at low play-time to oblige Steam' s refund policy."
76561198139449266,Not Recommended,242640,34080135,Posted: 7 August,all,Jerreh,so lame
76561197961182790,Not Recommended,242640,34088331,Posted: 7 August,all,Samson,"The combat is just so clunky it isn't funny, can't stand 'timed' combat, let me just stab 'em ffs. Gameplay just too boring."
76561198082407991,Not Recommended,242640,16222301,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,☥ Alsamisath ☥,Very novel and fun until it starts forcing stealth on you and ruins what little distinguishes it from more interesting games.
,Not Recommended,242640,23316701,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Linguine,"This game would be good if the combat wasn't absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥and if you could actually have checkpoints.  The combat is bad because you attack the people you're fighting by hitting there sword or watever when they swing it.  There is no rapid attacks to make it easy, oh no, no no no they decided for you to have to time it perfectly.  This basically makes it so you have to stay hidden at all time.  Not to mention when you die you start back where YOU last saved, there are no checkpoints wich is stupid because you'll die a lot because of the combat.  Not to mention there are gaurds EVERYWHERE!  Making you have to hide and wait.  There is so much Goddamn waiting in this game.  Waiting isn't too bad but they could've given you more time to make your move instead of waiting for a gaurd to pass by.  Also when you are attaking someone you CAN'T get away, you are locked in that fight till you or the guard dies.  And if you die then you start back at square one, unless you save.  By the way there is no quick save you have to open up a menu in order to save.Don't buy this game, buy something more with the money.  Speaking of money I wouldn't pay $30 for this game, I'd pay a max of $20."
,Not Recommended,242640,28743213,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,0riginalS0nikFan1991,Ok stealthAbsolute trash combat
76561198000485037,Not Recommended,242640,16820685,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[ATGC] Samsquanch,"The combat that occurs in the event you do get spotted is the worst combat system I have ever seen.If a guard spots and catches you, you get locked into a 1v1....event consisting of parrying 3 blows and then killing him in an unskippable execution animation. Meanwhile, other guards hear this commotion and line up to kill you, which they do during said unskippable animation.Really did not like the introduction of magic. The idea of creating a clone while leaving your body standing still and unresponsive in hostile territory seems stupid. The game also seemed to start leaning on said magic much too heavily almost immediately. The one spell with potential (Amber Vision) has short range and short duration."
76561198019623419,Not Recommended,242640,25575548,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Kregna,Repetitive
76561198048735617,Not Recommended,242640,16215318,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ICH,"beauty, but needs LOTS of improvement. should not be selled. stay away."
,Not Recommended,242640,33430604,Posted: 10 July,all,roluth,the battle system is very very bad
,Not Recommended,242640,23632208,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Not My President,Absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1 button makes you restart the entire game. Who coded this in? ♥♥♥♥ off.
,Not Recommended,242640,12491873,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Gruehagen,This game had so much potential but it is wasted. Simply put .. you cannot run away or break off from a fight. If you are spotted you have to fight which devolves down to a one button combat system. You have to time a counter and then kill back. Then you get missions where you auto fail if you are spotted and the respawn point is 6 or 7 rooms back. So you have to do them all over again. Even though you are a master of shadow you are practically blind in the shadows yourself. You have to keep using Amber vision ... and the guards walking around in full battle armor make so little sound you can barely here them over the ambient effects. In a pinch you can burn most of your amber pool to turn invisible for about 4 seconds to don't think you can get clear and hise until things calm down ... 4 seconds or so gets you almost no where. The game is visually beautiful but you dont really get to see it. It is mostly dark or washed out in bright orange for amber vision.  You should have had better dark vision and amber made things interactive glow. Would have made more sense. Also get used to guards patrolling around a table in the middle of the room for no good reason. If you want a game where you chain burn ambervision to try and see everyones walking path this is the game for you while carrying a nasty looking dagger you hardly use .. this is your game. Sadly .. this game is an EPIC fail. I hate to say this because the game looked so cool but this game completely lacks rational. I will break out and replay Assassin's Creed 1 and 2. That is interactive stealth done correct. This is not.
,Recommended,242640,22807646,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,dazulu,Please make a sequel. That is all.BEST STEALTH GAME EVER!!!!11
76561198052804465,Not Recommended,242640,12466859,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Noem_fog,"Horrible mechanics, horrible graphics...The game is very frustrating at times, often you find yourself death too much over simple task like jumping between ladges etc.. I've found the library level especially frustrating. Found my self in a position i could not move forward from, because of some guard detecting a body which i left some time ago. So that meant for me to restarting the whole level, as i had no idea which of the bodies was found.The level system is nothing speciall and even without it, you would not notice any change. At least the equipment is to some use, throwing daggers can save you the trouble when you approach more enemies.Maybe it was just me expecting more from this, but the way the controls works it bacame quickly a no fun game."
,Not Recommended,242640,16818212,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DippyChon,This game feels as though it should have been a subpar release on the original xbox 10 years ago. The movement feels clunky and the voice acting is mediocre at best. The guards movements and actions look ludicrous to me; one guard walked across a room to lean against a table for 5 seconds then went back across the room to look at another table for 5 seconds... over and over again. It feels like it just takes you right out of the game.I bought this game on sale and still requested a refund. Avoid this PoS.
,Not Recommended,242640,12509715,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Arkhen,"Played the game through on Goblin difficulty (hardest option available), while I also aimed to complete all Steam Achievements, to my disapointment the achievement detection system was not working well and while I did complete all criterias, I still haven't received all the achievements I completed. I'm still missing ""Mission 4"" somehow, while I have completed 5 and 6.+ Excellent and rewarding stealth mechanics. Extremely difficult and compelling to get max points in the various missions.+ Runs really great on PC, after you remove the 62 fps cap. Had no performance issues what so ever.- Controls are a little clunky, with broken animations and issues grabbing onto ledges.- The detection system can be unforgiving at times, where guards can see you through corners and walls (most likely bug). Especially at Goblin difficulty.- The light / dark detection ratio is not always picking up dark areas too well.- The story was extremely boring with little to non-existing character depth nor development. This includes recycled 2D images as transitions, instead of cinematics or more interesting methods.- The game also utilizes backtracking of maps, so you have to play the same sceneries twice, with small changes added the second time. (Much like Batman Arkham City -> Batman Arkham Origins)- *SPOILER* The last - and only - boss fight in the game was horribly easy and out of place in a stealth game.Overall a pretty disapointing game with few a shining moments, you should only acquire this game if you don't enjoy other game genres but stealth."
76561197993304803,Not Recommended,242640,25572520,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,mrc55,Just bad gameplay bad auto save system jumps grave onto every thing very bad fighting skill just a wast of my mony
76561198237958296,Not Recommended,242640,34098466,Posted: 8 August,all,SnikmorderS,The fighting mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242640,30155058,Posted: 24 February,all,ghostspell89,Recommend
76561198275509052,Not Recommended,242640,26760199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DEFO LOYAL NIGGA HMU IF U SINGLE,good game
76561197997022811,Not Recommended,242640,30360406,Posted: 6 March,all,JigokunoOusama,Bug-riddled mess.  Absolute rubbish.  Do companies pay these people to write good reviews?
,Not Recommended,242640,30175427,Posted: 25 February,all,ZoidbergForPresident,"It seemed like an interesting premise but quickly the game showed issues in the controls, whether in stealth and especially action ""mode"".It quickly became annoying thus the refund.Try this game before buying, it may not be for you at all."
76561198120374706,Not Recommended,242640,34883088,Posted: 11 September,all,NoNoNo,Poor on combat system and save
,Not Recommended,242640,34026141,Posted: 4 August,all,Nasalathotep,"Yea, give me sandbags and tell me there's no target, when the room bursts with targets. Even if it wouldn't take me too far to sandbag some distraction, the bad AI wouldn't be upset for long. Oh, and maybe some of this non-linear gameplay should be shown right from the start, since it's not the easiest stealth game anyway.To be honest, I'm stuck in tutorial. But all I can think of is not to reach the magical 2 hour mark, and that's an evil sign in the first hour. Even for 6€ in sale I can't recommend it, and I'm surprised by all the positive reviews (is Dishonored all you know about stealth games?!). Maybe I miss something, but Ihadto refund this; I love stealth, and I totally like dark settings, but no, not this one!1 out of 10 sandbags which you can only throw at finely selected torches (at least they are marked and scream ""Hit me!"")"
,Not Recommended,242640,30622663,Posted: 19 March,all,CrudeToons,"Meh, its boring and dull."
,Not Recommended,242640,24928938,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Blue Drache,"Would be nice ... if I could play it ... bought on sale 05/21 when 75% off because I'm a skinflint ... finally downloaded today and tried to play ...Controller keep stealing focus from keyboard and mouse ...  In fact, after the intro, the camera goes in a circle and I cannot move my toon.Google has been less than helpful.Game is currently unplayable.Will not recommend."
76561197982945400,Not Recommended,242640,12499797,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Muhaha,"I don't like the ""combat"" system, it's just not versatile enough."
76561198044558926,Recommended,242640,13415756,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,MoykaLAD,get rekt
76561198091907464,Not Recommended,242640,24171834,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mr. Snuffleupagus,"Okay, I was expecting a decent game with a ""very positive"" review. So, I bought it, to bad the graphics were, let's just say ""meh"" and the combat was me flicking my mouse around rapidly try to parry attacks, I didn't block a single one because the enemy's sword goes straight through the Styx's. So verdict, disgusting combat, broken physics, crappy AI and horrible stealth mechanics and ""meh"" graphics. The upside is.......Styx is cool with a great personality? That's all the good I can think of. It didn't take me long to get a refund."
76561198032977779,Not Recommended,242640,34867399,Posted: 10 September,all,Killer Queen 65,"This game is so frustrating. The parry/kill  does not work well and when you die you have to go back quite a way and re do so much to get back to where you were, to get killed all over again. If you have plenty of time and dont mind keep repeating entire chucnks of play, then you will be okay.  Kill /parry is the worst of its kind I have seen in any game.Wouldnt recommend"
76561197993831742,Not Recommended,242640,23139419,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,popeye_10,not my cup of tea
76561198390221404,Not Recommended,242640,35000062,Posted: 16 September,all,resha.hasan,"Bad graphic, bad controls, often times you can't parry an attack from enemy. I tried to like it, but i can't. Don't buy it, even if it's on sale!"
,Not Recommended,242640,25427344,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Sore,I was sad I had to bail on this but calling these stealth mechanics clunky would be too nice.
76561198031328124,Not Recommended,242640,25538184,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Rizilliant,"Had much higher hopes after ""Of Orcs and Men"".. Which was a fantastic story driven rpg.. Combat like Dragon Age: Origins, choice, dialog, weapons/armor, upgrades, skills trees, upgrades for skill trees, real time with pause combat.. Styx was an Assassin, high damage master.. With this Stealth spin off, theres nothing to it.. Stealth through the entire thing, you cant defend yourself against but a single enemy.. Youll get spotted continuously on anything above normal, and even alert enemies while sitting still, up in the rafters (shrug).. I want to finish the game(and never touch it again) but am honestly not sure if i will.. Ive ended up saving continuously after every item i loot, or kill i make, just to avoid the constant replaying of the exact same♥♥♥♥♥♥over, and over again!+It looks great-/+Controls are responsive, but ledges are hit and miss (especially drop grabbing)-Abilities are a snorefest(you can puke up a minion.. Thats the the most exciting skill you have).. everything else is go invisible, night vision, throw knives, throw spit balls at lamps.... Zzzzzz+Maps are wide open, and allow you to stealth through in multiple ways (with some conveniently placed wall brackets, and floor grates)-Enemy AI is terrible (Most recent Thief terrible) They either become aware of you from a floor above, while sitting still(making no movements, or noise), or they comepletely miss you, while standing next to them.. You can be in a chase, and if you break LoS theyll be ""On Alert"" for a moment, then go about their business, thought slightly more aware..-Combat.. There is none.. You can(in a pinch) defend against a single opponent with QTE's.. Literally.. you can only parry their attack repeatedly, until you can kill.. All the same button presses!  With some upgraded abilities, you can throw knives, drop kill, ledge kill, etc... You can, and should hide bodies in  a chest, or cabinet..Finding a body will set enemies ""aware"" for the reamainder of the level.. As when they spot you, theyll be alerted momentarily, then go right back to their patrol, though slightly heightened awareness..+Sound and sound effects are on point.. They match their sources properly.. Even Styx bare feet make a slapping noise on concrete surfaces.. Parrying makes a metal clink.. Dropping down makes a thud, but landing on softer materials is more quiet, and can keep enemies from alerting.. (Though theres no way of knowing what safe heights are, nor is there a way of knowing where enemies LoS is, or how far they can hear you, etc.. It can be annoying in a game where these things are key)-/+upgrades are quite bland.. They have several fundamental upgrade abilities, which a ""Master of Stealth/Asassin"" should already possess.. Carry more of knives, health poitions, ember poitions, stealth lasts longer, you can throw further, night vision (amber vision) lasts longer, drop kills, ledge kills, etc.. Very boring, and basic♥♥♥♥♥♥Im trying to play it, but am becoming increasingly frusterated with the mechanics.. There are only visual ques once an enemy is aware/alert.. Otherwise theres no way of knowing enemy Line of sight, and sound reception, and its very silly.. You literally walk right next to these guys, and they dont see you.. Worse, thats how its designed.. They have ZERO peripheral!Theres no ledge drop mechanics, which is horrible.. Once hanging, you can drop, but trying to get to a hanging position from above, is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!  Walking off the ledge, and hoping he grabs?! I cant believe this wasnt implemented!When in combat the parry QTE pops up immediately, and lasts until the blow is finished.. Too early, or too late is a failed parry, with no way of knowing where the sweet spot is..It seems most effort went into map design, instead of what mattered(Thought the map design is nice, as it leaves MULTIPLE paths to complete your objective), and in a Stealth ONLY game, those mechanics need to be crisp!Sorry, but i just cannot recommend it.. I only spent like $7, and still dont want it! In all honesty, i dont think Ill even be finishing it.. Tried multiple times now, and its just awful!"
76561198037432599,Not Recommended,242640,25735261,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RunningBot,"***CASUAL PLAYERS DO NOT BUY***Got this on sale and regret it. Said it had full controller support which it does. Fired it up on my HTPC and enjoyed the first 30mins or so then it got so super hard I couldn't believe it.Allot of positive reviews mention “this game is not for everyone” and that's the truest statement in them. An hour in on lowest difficulty settings I was met with a room I couldn't progress threw.Styx is full of these. It's a punishing, unforgiving, limited reward for discovering the “wrong” way, game. I found it puzzling to annoyance. It challenges you to beat your head against the wall. It's “time to complete” probably has a high head beating factor included.Stealth is often only the first part, the second is quick twitch reflexes. The timing of which can only be obtained after failing over and over again.If you like stupid “press button in right order in right timing exactly” games, basically programming humans as if they are robots, games fire this up. If not stay away and don't get fooled like I did."
,Not Recommended,242640,31868919,Posted: 20 May,all,Jesus,"♥♥♥♥ing hate this game, linear ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t trash stealth. 0 Challenge! Just PRESS X to win with interesting storry."
76561197970742895,Recommended,242640,22844451,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MRsetermann,fantasic game
,Not Recommended,242640,15734735,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Innocence,"It's a stealth game in disguise. Go buy Thief 1, 2, or 3 not this garbage."
76561198077827537,Not Recommended,242640,32872482,Posted: 27 June,all,Member me?,i dont rly like this game 2 late for refound so be cerful :)
,Not Recommended,242640,34842076,Posted: 9 September,all,Foxnos,"This game is inexcusably bad. Its full of really bad design decisions.It's a ""hardcore stealth"" game. It forces you to utilize stealth above combat. That is fine.What's not fine, is how horribly cirppled you are from doing anything. In addition, the core element of the game; Stealth, is not well enough executed and will often lead to unnecessarily aggravating moments.Examples includes but is not limited to:Enemies seeing you when they shouldn't.Enemies attacking you and you can't parry them.Buggers seeing you when you stand still.Buggers not counterable at all in combat.Archers shooting you at point blank instead of letting you parry them.And those are just a few examples.Just don't buy the game. It's not worth the frustrations."
,Not Recommended,242640,25291473,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ibby-Kun,Too much repeatition in this game that it gets you bored in the end.
76561198071821656,Not Recommended,242640,29498605,Posted: 26 January,all,haXed,"Master of Shadows* isn't a suitable title for this game: It should be called Master of Tediousness instead. NPC (enemy) dialogue is very limited, and the monotonous nature thereof is carried over into their design as well. The combat system leaves me with either the option to give up and come back later (most of the time), or to utilise quick save before any expected encounter – it’s annoying. In addition, you would think that the guards and those Akrid would attack each other? “Nah, let’s make them allies!” said the developers. Also, the tertiary objectives (insignias) really offer no merit for me. Overall? The game is flatter than a soft drink left open overnight.The game is very trial and error based with very little room for creativeness or finesse. The skills seem as though they weren’t well thought-out as the rewards are mildly beneficial at best. As the story progresses, and you’ve unlocked enough skill points, you can get a bit of enjoyment from wider array of moves and abilities. However, the lack thereof in the early phases really leaves you with some resentment.Is it a good game? No.Was it well thought out? No.Is it a good time waster? Barely.Will it leave you frustrated? Yes.Is it worth the money? No, wait for a special.Personal score: 5/10."
,Not Recommended,242640,24102173,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Skulldan,"Quite possibly the worst stealth game I have every played.If I wanted a Dishonoured clone I would have played one of the DLC's. At least then I would get a fully functioning game.In short, everything takes too long, you can never climb the way you want to, you can never fall the way you want to, everything is just out of reach and just too hard to kill. But not in a darksouls way, in a frustraiting way. Like its not working properly.-Doors are painfully long to open even if there is nothing special on the other side.-Kills (even loud ones) take upwards of a million years, and if you try to do a silent kill you are better off trying to avoid enemies entirely, because either you kill yourself with how long it takes to ram a knife into a dudes head and then hold his mouth closed for 7 seconds after he died, or you get caught out and destroyed by the 4 gaurds that have seen you mid way through the eternity.And lets say you do get caught, and you kill one guy, even after the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ parry fighting mechanic you finally get the kill, in which a 5 second animation of you killing the dude happens, just enough time for the 3 dudes on the other side of the map to hear you, track you down and kill you.When I finally found a way to cheese the game (cling to a wall, whistle with X (which was never explained) and conceal kill enemies that try looking for you), it was horrible because the enemies more than less would be bugging into eachother trying to get through the door.And oh boy if even 1 guy is on you, you are screwed, becase thier throwing daggers are absolutely aimbot, take about 3 or 4 to kill you and are infinate (but if you kill them nobody is carrying throwing daggers).Sure maybe upgrades would have helped, but I still have no idea how to get the SP for it, and I didnt find any of them useful enough to make me powerful enough to have any fun.Give the game a 4/10, looked decent and thats about it."
,Not Recommended,242640,28187391,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kwyjibo Hunter,"Clunky controls, poor VO, poor writing, bad animations. Returned in the 2 hour window."
,Not Recommended,242640,34830752,Posted: 9 September,all,Harekiet,"Game is just far too long, if you like endless amounts of sneaking around, performing the same kill over and over again this is the game for you!"
76561198056408685,Not Recommended,242640,28850641,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MR58,"Combat sucks, very fustrating."
76561198173124467,Not Recommended,242640,32177969,Posted: 4 June,all,d.gileles,"Poor physics, a combat system that woud be better if it just didn't exist, a story seemingly written by a five year old, and AI even dumber than whoever wrote the story."
76561197986116109,Not Recommended,242640,34867534,Posted: 10 September,all,Evil Dead,"This could be such a good game, however two things seriously lets this down... Its the Kill/Parry and save points.With the kill parry even when you get the timing right it appears to only work around 1/4 of the time even on easy setting. Also there are plenty of save points in the fist section and very few if any on the second. On easy setting this should be a breeze but I kept getting killed and respawned to the beginning. If you have hours to waste getting nowhere then this is for you, otherwise forget it and save your money. Refund requested."
76561198012117573,Not Recommended,242640,12448810,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Zig-Zag,this game suck the combat is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198052242622,Not Recommended,242640,12998628,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,lobstermadness,"The game is odd in some respects: you get LOTS of devious ways to kill people -- versus being nonlethally stealthy -- but you get no XP rewards for lethally killing people.   None.  Zippo.Push someone off the cliff?  Great!  No XP for you though.The more you play, the less this makes sense.   Why be offered such a variety of ways to lethally kill in the first place?Furthermore, no XP means no new earned abilities.  Read that last sentence and let it sink in what that means.Instead, the game dribbled out new stealth abilities for no apparent reason other than to force one to replay very large levels over and over again.   Apparently some are OK with this but I think the devs didnt think the gameplay thru.  Play ""Dishonored"" instead which was excellent."
76561198032590282,Not Recommended,242640,28271198,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,asarshalom,just ...no
76561198145294530,Not Recommended,242640,34355452,Posted: 19 August,all,✪ kiNguu,Sadly.. a no from me.
76561197970600272,Not Recommended,242640,12450742,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,orhn,"I thought I'd buy a stealth game. But there are parts in this game where you are forced to fight. Since I do not want to fight but solve evertything by stealth, this ist not a game for me. If you are looking for a pure stealth game, don't buy this one."
76561198032655035,Not Recommended,242640,23784843,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cardmosquito,"Played this game a while back, didn't care too much for it. It lacked options, while still keeping a few in. Most of what I remember was having to revert back to a place almost at the start of the level a few times, quite annoying. This game does have quite a few bugs as well, mostly textures and AI problems, but I guess that is to be a problem with averagely small studios. Overall I think they should gave implemented more options to deal qith situations than the often few ones they had, and maybe have used a better engine, honestly it acts like something that was created in the 2008-2010 range."
76561197963110376,Not Recommended,242640,12449849,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Bob,"I love stealth games and thought this would be a good purchase. Sadly I was wrong as the game plays very badly. The graphics are average at best, and would be acceptable if the game play elements worked.Stealth is terrible, and the combat system is dire, requiring you to parry a specific number of times before you can land a killing blow. There is next to zero skill level throughout the game and I lost interest very soon.To make matters worse the whole story line is completely non sensical and you are not at all invested in the plot, characters or setting. avoid completely and pick up a Thief game or even one of the older Splinter Cell titles, which play great."
,Not Recommended,242640,31536542,Posted: 3 May,all,Cobra Doogan,"Wow! What a load of rubbish! It is atypical of me to write reviews, but this game deserves it! I am sorry guys, but this game just fails in so many ways. Its not all bad, but the bad is so very bad that it overshadows all of the good this game has to offer. So, in fairness, lets start out with the good.First and foremost. I love the character. Styx is a fun loving, no holds barred, goblin pickpocket assassin with a mind of his own. After watching the intro videos to this game I knew I was in for a good time even if it didn't answer all of my prayers to a post-workday reprieve. What's not to love. He looks cool, he moves cool, and he even uses foul language. My kinda goblin man. The story... really who cares. I have never played Assassin's Creed games for the overarching tellanovella that it turns out to be. At a point these games are about killing your marks in stealthy and creative ways. This is not to say that the story is bad per se. It is just a little lackluster and does not really peak interest or drive character development.Second, I would mention the environments. The developers did not dissapoint me on this front. At one point I was up upon a high perch looking down into what i can only compare to an M.C. Escher portrait. It was phenomenal. The camera movement around the environment was even better. I had near perfect scope of my marks and I could see the path to the level's end. So far, what more could you ask for?Lastly the perk tree, for what few hours I did play the game, seemed reactive and I could follow along with the developer's idea of where the game was headed in terms of the new and interesting subterfuges that Styx would eventually be able to perform. So what went wrong? How did this seemingly good game go bad?So, sadly, this is where my interest was smashed by some overwhelmingly repulsive aspects of the game. Now I realize that this may be a bit harsh to the developers, and I do apologize for what I am about to say. I also realize that this game was released back in 2014 and I am keeping that in mind when I am offering my opinion on this title. All that aside however, was it really necessary to make this game so clunky.  For an agile goblin assassin I would think that the game would  take into account, that instead of picking up the dead body in front of Styx, he would be more concerned about parrying an incoming blow from the living threat standing two feet in front of him. It would almost be alright if Styx was not so terribly squishy and that his parry ability had some indication of when he was going to be hit. Just a thought.This, however, is not even the most rubbish thing about this game. The worst part is that, at a point, you must take your time with the game, plan where all of the bodies are going to be placed, and then, if for whatever reason you were either spotted by an enemy or simply falling off the nearest ledge, your save will take you back to the dawn of time. At one point in the game I had to stop exploring the wonderful map because it became unnecessary. It no longer mattered what beautiful game design was there. It was easier to simply run through the path that I had completed so many times before. It became a game of tedium. I no longer cared for the story because I figured hey, what the hell I bet by the end I will have listened to the game script 10 times over. Additionally, what now is the point of the relic peices. Gotta catchem all only really applies to pokemon and I am sure the dozen times I played through a zone i found them all at least once. So if finding the pieces is the difficult part why does remembering where they all are have to be difficult as well?Styx in terms of control response reminded me of an all out brawler class in WoW. He felt like he lumbered about dodging into walls and inadvertantly pulling himself atop a ledge only to find his brutish self staring into the eyes of an enemy. All the while he seems to have no desire to GTFO when a squad of archers fires upon him from afar. He just takes the two shots that he can, and then crumbles to the ground like a true WoW mage class only to find himself respawning at what seems to be the beginning of the entire game every single time.I realize that I am writing this reveiw 3 years too late and that they have already produced a new game which hopefully answers all the abundant and obvious issues Styx: Master of Shadows has. And yet I am still writing it. The game aggravated me that much! That I went back in time 3 whole years to criticize that which, to current standards, matters not. Yes it is that bad of a game. I have not been this disapointed in a game since I found out that ""Watch Paint Dry"" was never going to be released. I think the real issue here is do I want to buy the new game? I mean i probably will because I'm a dope. And maybe it will be better recieved now that my expectations of it have been torn down to the foundation. But really, where were the play-testers here? These are not complicated improvements to make. Surely I am not the only one that played this game for about seven hours and realized it was not worth continuing my playthrough. To review this game feels almost like my kid brought home a math test that he failed. It's not that my kid is stupid and can't do the math. It's not even that the math test was too hard. It's that he did not apply himself. I'm just left saying, ""I'm not angry with you, Im just dissappointed."" What's worse is that I don't even have a kid."
,Not Recommended,242640,25729174,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,basedgabe,goblin dude sneaks around corners dont buy
,Not Recommended,242640,14240741,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,『Jeelann』,اللعبه ممتازة بس فيها شيئين تنرفز وانت تلعب- القتل يكون بطريقتين اما بدون مايدري العدو او لما يقرب منك تصد هجماته وبعدين تقتله- يوم تخنق العدو ياخذ وقت طويل
,Not Recommended,242640,31506945,Posted: 2 May,all,Blegdore,"The mechanics are fairly solid, but the writing will only apeal to middleschoolers."
76561198014942578,Not Recommended,242640,30173917,Posted: 25 February,all,Jackrabbit,"Poor graphics, instant death = Not fun !"
76561198149913295,Not Recommended,242640,26138222,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,LuckyOtter,"in a video game, gameplay and graphics are both important.  Yes this game is not a AAA but it should still be fun."
76561197980663655,Not Recommended,242640,30187669,Posted: 25 February,all,Ohm606,"A crappy low-budget game. Don't believe the slick screenshots and video. This is not worth buying even at 80% off. Poor dialog and writing, no depth in the action, very stunted combat that only let's you stand stuck in one place basically and dodge and strike as someone hits you. Not enjoyable at all."
76561198072017110,Not Recommended,242640,23386240,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ssenkrad_II,"**Look, you want to be a fan boi and explode in your pants over this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, that is cool... Downvote and move the ♥♥♥♥ on, I will just delete any ""OMG you DUM DUM, your review DUM DUM"" comments without even responding**I have played my share of stealth assassin games, from Dishonered to Assassins Creeds to Party Hard, and after 40 minutes of playing this one I can without any shred of doubt say that this is by FAR the worst one!Story: in only 40 minutes it has turned me off- voice acting is terrible and the entire premise of the story is flawed before the game even gets its feetCombat: There is none... save for the very last boss (so I've read), so the entire game you are forced to not ever be seen or fight only to be forced into a ""final boss fight""- joy of joysControls: One word? abysmal. Impossible to lock or snap on to cover, jump and grab is Tomb Raider 1 level of awful, moving while in cover is the worst I have ever seen (Rainbow did this better 10 years ago...), etc etc...Graphics: intentionally uber dark so that you can't see a damn thing unless you use ""super dooper eyes"" or destroy your screen. The UI is also beyond small, so if you are playing on anything serious (ie. a 52"" tv) you won't be able to see or read anything (text, items, ect). The graphics themselves are also dated, with Assassin's Creed 1 looking and feeling worlds better...Camera: snaps back and forth between first person and third person with no way to lock it, which will get you stuck under a table unable to do anything other than wait for death within the first 30 minutes.Price: I got this on sale and am thinking about a refund, at 30$+ you have to be a ♥♥♥♥ing moron to purchase this game... For a better combat driven stealth based assassins game go for Assassins Creed- ANY OF THEM- for a more stealth driven variant go for Dishonored, for a more ""retro controller LMAO"" driven variant go for Party Hard... Don't support this mess..."
76561198088831839,Not Recommended,242640,12857735,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Keidryn,"I can't recommend this game and trust me I really wanted to.I couldn't play it. Why? Nobody knows. For some reasons, the game just refused to launch. All of my other games, Steam and non-Steam alike work. But Styx: Master of Shadows woudln't launch.Several people are/were in my case; some of them did manage to make the game launch by restoring their computer while some had their games working fine until they restored their computer.In other words, you may or may not be able to run Styx according to a random factor, even if you have a gamer PC or not, a custom-built one or not and so on. It's pure randomness.And where are the devs?NOWHERE. They tried to fix this issue at first, and when they couldn't understand where the problem was coming from they justSTOPPEDanswering our questions and pleas to know if they were working on a solution. They were (and still are) ignoring people whose money went into their game. And I find this UNACCEPTABLE. I myself hadNONEanswer from the Focus team and I tried to get some for ONE MONTH. I spent ONE MONTH returning each and every day on the forum to see if the devs finally said something. The only help I had (and most helpful too) was from fellow players who had this problem. And while it is great that some of them managed to fix their game, it's not the role of the customer to fix their game.Now, there are two types of Styx owners: the ones who still hope there will be a solution and the ones like myself who were fed up to be taken for fools and asked for a refund.In a nutshell, don't buy this game. You may not be able to run it and if it's the case, youwon'thave any help from the devs."
,Not Recommended,242640,34861236,Posted: 10 September,all,FerusTheGuilty,"Please keep in mind that I haven’t played very much of this game due to the impossible combat which I am forced into (which I explain later) and because of my lack of clicking skill, I don’t actually know the mechanics of the game. There could be great mechanics at a later time, but I cannot progress beyond the second room with three enemies after being forced to kill a guard, regardless of if you move stealthily or not.I’ll start with the good thing I enjoy about this game.I like the fact that light comes into a factor.Now onto the negatives.The real problem I have with Styx is the fact that the combat is based entirely around blocking. (I also have other problems, but the combat is where it really kills it for me.)I am terrible at clicking when I need to, usually I just mash buttons until the enemies are dead, but with this you have to click at a certain time to block your enemies' attacks, which I could understand (If it was good at detecting when I do click,) but I also don't understand why I can't block and also have the option to attack after blocking, like in Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor.Also the combat is really annoying because if I’m strangling an enemy or performing a kill animation on one guy and there’s somebody else that sees me doing this, I shouldn’t receive damage until I can actually move or react.I despise that the enemies are all bunched together. If I kill one guy, two others see and attack, regardless of which three I kill.I’ve heard (I haven’t gotten to this section of the game, so I can’t confirm, but STER did a 9 hour playthrough of this. I’m too lazy to check if it’s true or not.) that you replay the first half of the game because you die or something. (Again, I don’t know.)  Replaying the areas you’ve already gone through is a joke in itself and the devs just decided at some point, “We don’t have enough budget to build a last half of this game, just make them replay the first half again.” It’s lazy and makes the game worse because of it.Also It feels like a child wrote the storyline and dialogue. It's completely uninteresting and I skipped completely.TL;DR: The game’s combat is terrible and being forced to replay the first half all over again really makes me not want to explore or fight these enemies because I’ll see it and do it all again on the next play through. There’d be a possible game here, but it’s completely unplayable due to the combat and I’m terrible at stealth games.3/10, combat, stealth and story are an absolute mess."
,Not Recommended,242640,12591536,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,DracoMalus,"Skip this game, you'll thank me.Bad controls.Inconsistent world (some ledges you should be able to clime on you can't).Ridiculous story.Boring levels.Meaningless and weak collectibles.Terrible voices.Bad AI.  Sometimes guards don't see you right in front of their face, other times they'll see you in the dark halfway across the room.Lots of unnecessary uses of the F word all over the place (The main characters will even scream ""F you"" at you when he falls to his death.  Repeated use of levels.Boring cutscenes that drag on and on and on...Some wonky level stuff.  One time I was hiding in a closet on one side of the room and a guard looked in a chest on the other side of the room and found me, and pulled me out of the chest!Gamebreaking bug near end that won't let me finish the game."
76561198050705948,Not Recommended,242640,30012927,Posted: 18 February,all,Fartin Deer Man,"This would be a good stealth game, but because of the fact that you have to pass the same maps over and over again, I cannot finish, although I'd be excited to know the end of the story."
,Not Recommended,242640,25477916,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Great White Shart,was this made in 2001
76561198130732503,Not Recommended,242640,34035331,Posted: 5 August,all,andrey_andre87,I can`t change the items
,Not Recommended,242640,25387103,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"“Styx Master of Shadows is one of the best titles the infiltration genre has to offer.”9/10 – HardcoreGamer - One of the most murderously innacurate things I've ever heard. You give a 9/10 to games that are phenominal masterpieces that are near perfect. Not Styx, in which it is unmistakably not that. Not even close.“In a lot of ways Styx is a hardcore stealth fan’s ideal game.”7,2/10 – MMORPG - Again, egregious and fallacious. Some games that fit that desc. would be MGSV, Dishonored, and Hitman Absolution, just to name a very select few.Dialogue/Story:Almost 3 hours was enough for me. Everything in the game is way too contrived, namely the combat, extremely linear levels, and dialogue. As for the dialogue, it is riddled with strong language that feels more awkward and out of place than any game I have ever played. Quite literaly every single time I hear him say f-ck, sh-t, or whatever else, no matter what the context is, it makes me cringe and it just sounds so wildly misguided that it is unbelievable how badly delivered/misplaced/unneeded every single curse word is. I'm all for cursing in games, whatever, but here every time it is cringe-worthy. The story is nothing worth worrying or caring about either.Graphics/Combat/Level Design/Stealth:The graphics are nothing special but are the least of this game's worries. In fact, the actual game looks nothing like the store screenshots whatsoever. They look beautiful. The actual game is a far cry from looking anything even remotely like them. Combat is generic, level design is bereft of anything more than even mildly interesting, and contrary to professional reviews, user reviews, and its ""very positive"" review status, the main selling point of the game, its stealth, is just very sub-par and forgettable. Stealth here is nothing innovative even by the wildest imagination, nor does it even earn the right to be mentioned in the same company as other mastercraft games that make great use of the stealth aspect, such as Dishonored, Hitman Absolution, MGSV, Splinter Cell Conviction and Blacklist, and even Thief 2014, just to name a very few. Hell, even Watch Dogs has ten times better stealth than this game, and you can even use a ton of gadgets and stuff to make the stealth and gameplay more fun. Nothing whatsoever like that exists in this game.Linearity/Controls:Levels are extremely linear also. Some appear to give you choice, but ultimately it is just very very linear. That can sometimes be okay if the game is pretty good, like earlier MGS games, but definitely not here. The game's controls and combat are fine and will service you well enough to do what you need to do without hassle, however much so that everything just feels pretty generic.User review status:There are many obvious reasons, which I won't get into here, that the steam user review system is horribly abused, and this game's user review score is a bright shining example of that abuse. Definitely a strong example of the steam user reviews for a game being savagely innacurate. I imagine the people who like this have never really played any truly fantastic stealth games such as those I mentioned earlier, maybe because they can't afford them who knows, or they are just so starved for more stealth games and are such over the top hardcore stealth fans that they actually enjoy this. Or maybe just have a high tolerance for mediocrity in video games.SCORE/PRICING:The metacritic score of 71/100 is much closer to being accurate. I suppose I would give it a borderline 5/10. $30 for this game is a hilarious price. But who knows. Hopefully they made a good profit at that price so if they make a Styx 2 it can be much better than this which plays like a bottom sales bin budget title. I got this on sale for I think $10 and had I known how boring and generic and linear this was with the most misguided, worst, forced cursing dialogues I've ever seen in a game, or maybe even in a movie for that matter, I would've saved that money for something much, much better. Which coincidentally can easily be found in a matter of seconds. If you have to see what it's all about, don't pay more than $5 tops.You know what on second thought don't make a Styx 2 because even if it is better than this game that's not saying much."
,Not Recommended,242640,34806511,Posted: 7 September,all,Voodooman,"What makes a good stealth game a good stealth game? 5 things: (1) good AI, (2) good visibility and audibility factor calculations, (3) good level design, (4) good mechanics, (5) good controls.What makes Styx a bad stealth game? 5 things: (1) absolutely dumb and inadequate AI, (2) awful visibility and audibility factor calculation, (3) way to streamlined and generic level design, (4) mechanics designed by some braindead retard, (5) clunky controls.Want to find out what is good stealth game? Play Thief 1-3 (especially Deadly shadows with GOLD patch), Splinter Cell 1-3 (especially Chaos Theory), Hitman 1-4 (especially Blood Money), MGS 2 (only this one, MGS1 is way to dated and simple to count as good stealth mechanics, MGS3 and further was way to unrealistic and more about story and less about gameplay), Riddick, ManhuntWant to find out what is bad stealth game? Play any so called ""stealth game"" released after ~2007 - since Assassin Creed stealth genre was dumbed down to a level bellow MGS1 in terms of AI and simplified mechanics, and Styx is one of many of such ""stealth wannabe"" games, that does everything wrong.Game has potential to be a good one, but it wasted by poor game design and programming (and it does not get much better in styx 2, all of the same problem present there, only level design got much better and makes game a little enjoyable until you encounter dumb AI), devs of this game should learn from Splinter Cell Chaos Theory and Thief Deadly Shadows how to make a proper AI, mechanics, controls, visibility and audibility factor calculations.Also somebody got to teach devs a lesson of logic - what kind of logic is that when you tatoo highlight you like a christmass tree in a darkness and yet nobody cant see that, and in light tatoo does not shine? It should be opposite - it should shine at light to show how much visible you are, and it should get dark in darkness to show how much blended you are.In-shadows visibility calculations just a joke - game does not really tells the difference between slight shadow where you are very much visible and really dark shadows where you are darker than black, also in many places game has troubles to even properly detect if you are in shadow or not, shadows simply unrelyable, as you can and up in situations where you think you are hidden in darker than black shadow, yet your tatoo does not shine and enemies can see you, or you can encounter funny opposite situations where you are a middle of well lit room and game think you are well hidden. Audibility is a joke, the only thing that makes a difference - is if you stand and run or crawl, or jump on carpet, and collide with very few objects, thats it, no realistic sound distribution and requirement to move slowly and avoid some surfaces as we had in Thief and Splinter Cell and even HItman before 2008, AI is deaf in general.Worst part of story all of same mistakes happens in Styx 2, absolutely no improvement in anything but graphics and level design. Devs did not learn from mistakes of 1st Styx and ruined potential of 2nd game, and this happened because of inadequate high scores by you, people on steam, who never played real stealth games or forgot what real stealth games used to be.You overrated this game and asured devs that they did everything right, so they did not learn from mistakes because lack of major criticism of absolutely poorly designed and coded stealth mechanics.I really tried to love this game for its style... but its absolutely awful and frustrating clunky stealth wannabe which fails to be a good stealth game, and not like other games with poor stealth mechanics and dumb AI (like 2 recetn Deus Ex games), this game has nothing else to offer besides uterly broken and messed up dumbed down stealth mechanics.Refunded it with sadness...There is no hope for stealth genre... its dead and devs from many companies just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥dead corpse of genre they killed.P.S. - Looks like my own S3 project (spiritual successor to MGS2, Chaos Theory, Blood money and Deadly Shadows with all of their best mechanis mixed together and evolved to a more realistic and hardcore level) is the only hope for hardcore and old school real stealth veterans like myself... want to do something good, do it yourself... but unfortunately lack of publisher and budget that publishers of other not so stealth games has, ruins my attempts... maybe you can help me with crowdfunding or join me if you are skilled dev and want to make stealth great again?"
76561198031451304,Not Recommended,242640,23713389,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Azur_The_Istapp,f*** the bugsmusic in the prison hurts to listen torepetetiv gameplaysheit story
,Not Recommended,242640,12599321,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,DooM49,"terrible game, wont even let you fight properly"
76561198125184411,Not Recommended,242640,12633732,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,gnrrain,"This game, although a great idea, completely failed to hit the mark.The graphics are ""ok"". The lights and shadows are well done, and the scenery itself is very nice.  However, you will begin to notice that each area is basically the same thing over and over with slightly different variations and objects in different locations.  The maps are unremarkable and have various flaws that take away from the game itself.  I.e. - floating objects, visible overlays on occasion, etc.The combat system is a joke.  If you get spotted by more than one guy - or if another guy happens to hear the encounter and comes in - you're almost sure to die.  You cannot move your camera during the fight, and only one control is available and it is only a timed button press.  While you are being attacked by the first guy, anyone else will throw things at you or shoot you with arrows or attack you from behind.  All of which are unavoidable.  Even if you somehow manage to kill the first one, if the second is close enough - you will be locked into the same mess with him instead. On a harder difficulty setting you cannot even take a single hit before death. And the checkpoints seem few and far between - sometimes you are in wait for an opportunity for a couple minutes or so and get through a sextion and in the next area get spotted - die - and get reverted all the way back to 20 minutes ago.  It's brutally annoying having to redo the same things over and over again when the dynamics and walking patterns of the AI never change.Speaking of walking patterns - this games movement of guards is laughable.  For instance, you see a guard walking away from you - he is going to go to the right - however this is how it happens: he walks to the end of his forward route, stutters, (or hesitates depending on the animation for him) comes to a complete stop and turns 90 degrees (with choppy graphics no less - a leg that kicks to the right or an arm that jerks out in front of him for no reason) and jolts forward to continue his route.  The routes that they take DO NOT CHANGE.  Even if you make a noise - kill someone and leave their body strewn about for all to see - or throw something at them.  They do investigate the sounds origin or casually leave their friend lying in front of them while ""checking out"" what could have done it, but after all but a minute or two - they go right back to the exact same pre-determined route.It seems as though your character is completely invisible sometimes.  Example, you could be on a ledge with an open column design directly behind you and a guard standing at what might as well be eye level and you will not be seen as long as you push the button to get into cover - even though you are quite literally looking them in the face, they will not see you.  Harder difficulties increase the guards ""perception"" but you can still walk up behind 2 guys that are standing next to each other and as long as they are not facing one another you can do a ""silent kill"" inches away from the other one. It's ridiculous.Honestly, i wouldn't recommend this game to anyone.  I've seen early 2000's games with better walking animations and a stronger stealth system.  Yea, the graphics are a higher quality, however, i'd rather play a game with a better dynamic than a game that looks pretty.To conclude, the game is choppy, unreasonable, and just not fun.  Spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,242640,31267551,Posted: 20 April,all,Tao Pai Pai,One of the worst stealth games ive played in a while
,Not Recommended,242640,33892213,Posted: 29 July,all,Toastoritoes,fix the fighting system
76561198064202035,Not Recommended,242640,12814768,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,HAZZA,"a ""playable"" game that descripes itself as a stealth game so shouldn't your be able to avoide the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat instead of locking the player in to it ever time someone hears the little green ♥♥♥♥ farts. 4/10 a better buy would be dishonored or its dlc"
,Not Recommended,242640,33134572,Posted: 2 July,all,Hilly,♥♥♥♥
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,242640,28799409,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Buzzerker,garbage....
76561198155704061,Not Recommended,242640,12443037,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MCcarpender911,"This game crashes every time I try to boot it. I surpass the system requirements, so I'm not sure what's wrong. I tried contacting steam support, but it runs as poorly as this game. I am so glad I found out how terrible customer support is before I bought a steam machine or spent any more money on here. I essentially have been robbed for the cost of this game.**Update**Steam support, after some time, referred me to the game's publisher for support. They did nothing. Nearly two weeks in I still have no refund and no playable game. We have very different opinions of what ""really good"" support is. I call that passing the buck... Even funnier is the fact that I couldn't comment on this post to reply to Erix, as the forum is having errors."
76561198110250106,Not Recommended,242640,25450081,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,atheunknown,Its okay but buy Shadow of Mordor instead.
76561197992499674,Not Recommended,242640,12907099,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Durabolin,RepetitiveRepetitiveRepetitiveYou get the point...
76561198080409965,Not Recommended,242640,31652093,Posted: 9 May,all,Biensie2k,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,242640,35033023,Posted: 17 September,all,The Whistles Go,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing imposible. I don't know if im just♥♥♥♥♥♥at games or if the controls are so unintuituve that I have to think about every singe move I make.if you want a better stealth game go play minecraft.4/10 can not play.
,Not Recommended,242640,12413947,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"Fool me once, shame on you.Fool me twice, shame on me.But why the heck are people giving this game a postive rating?!I know big Game Media companies like Kotaku, EuroGamer and so on aren't very trust worthy now a days and people keep saying ""You can still trust us Gamers for the real reviews"".... welp, they are just as bad as the big boys because this game doesn't deserve a postive rating and this is why.I've played this game for hours now and I must say, the game isn't really ""Next Gen"". Sure, it's a download title so I think I might forgive it for that but some of the textures are out of line like the wall textures, thankfully that's not the biggest part of the game because it still looks good for a download title. However, now we get to the gameplay and oh boy is that a mix bag of poop and chocolate.Combat -Poorly done combat system that pretty much forces you to be latched onto a target and won't let go until you either die or you're some how able to parry the enemy's attacks and kill him. It's basically a ""Swing you sword before he hits you"" type of thing... and it's freaking clunky as all heck. Sure sometimes you can get a hit in once in a while but damn you'd die more times than actually kill anyone..4/10Stealth -Now the stealth is great because you have a large amount of abilities to use to aid you on your mission. Some include the ability to slightly kill someone, creep up from under secert tunnels and so on. You're also able to turn off lights to stay within the shadows which is great because that's basically what you'll be doing 24/7 in the game... which is actually good but can get annoying for people who just wanna kill.8.5/10AI -Dumb.... so freaking dumb... you're able to get away from them by hiding in a pot or just clinging onto a ledge... THAT THEIR LOOKING RIGHT OVER... Okay, they're not all dumb and they can be pesky at times but some of the times they're just there to act like targets but the only ones I found a challenge were the Knights, the Archers are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that'll just spam arrows at you like tools...6.1/10Overall -I'd say the game was very poor in design, however, the gameplay can be good at times but for people who'd want a real good stealth game, Alien Isolation is your best bet.Score: 5.6 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,242640,12412913,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,TheGruber92,"Game looks great! That is the only thing positive so far. The voice acting is terrible, the messed up the voices for some characters, I saw a big, fully armored, though looking guard and he had a voice of a peasant (it is in one of the first cut scenes). 5 minutes into the game and you will notice it. With combat it gets worst, it is not really combat since you have to press X (Xbox Controller) three times when prompt and X again to kill. Nothing elaborate like combos and having the choice of attacking, once the guard was on me, I was not able to flee and hide because you are forced to face him whilst another guard shots you in the back and you die instantly. I have just started this game and will see it through but it was a major disappointment within the first minutes, it look amazing and the gameplay videos where awesome, I just hope it gets better from here on."
76561198076276605,Not Recommended,242640,12410803,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Jackin' JoJo,"Styx master of shadows looked promising it had a good looking stealth system and also the abilities used to help styx stay hiddin such as the troll friend and being able to turn invisible. But it just didn't do that did it the price tagg for the game is a wopping 23 bucks which is fine especially for a new release but some games just arn't good. The way styx moves is clunky and the abbilities though cool i rarly used them except maby for the eagle vision which just helped me point out enemies. The game was easy to easy even on goblin mode which should have been challenging. Besides controls and difficulty i was looking forward to a solid story but all i got was something bland. Im really dissapointed especially in ersb the company that decides what a game is rated and they gave it a T rating when all you hear styx do F this or F that POS. Seriously i used to play T rated games as a kid and if my parents saw that they would be ticted its not a problem for me but it exposes kids to things they dont need to hear. My final rating for styx master of the shadows is a 3/10 the only thing running for the game is the graphics and nothing else NOT WORTH A BUY. and currently i am trying to get my money back, but its sad cause the game really looked good but thats the key word, it just didn't feel good in the end when playing it."
76561197973064953,Not Recommended,242640,12472407,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Just shoot ME!,Game is a poorly designed stealth game taking the worst mechanics from every other stealth game and none of the good aspects. Your constantly being forced into combat by the glitches stealth mechanics then of course once you’re in combat your stuck since there is no way to escape the auto target feature love that. Which really doesn't matter since everything kills you in like 3 hits. Oh and did I mention there is no quick save just an auto save which barely ever save so be ready to go back 20-30 min when you inevitable die because Styx decided to jump 10 feet into the air and alert the guards for no reason.
76561198166325339,Not Recommended,242640,25462904,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DankSlow,To hard man!!! did not make it trough the tutorial!!!
,Not Recommended,242640,26241370,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,BronzyIslandNYC,This game.NONo.just no.i'm not even going to go in on the details why i have to leave a negative review....but this game was and still is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay overpriced for what it is.$15 dollars not a dollar more. at all times.$30 dollars now? and maybe was 60 bucks originally?!?! pfft. nope.absolutely not with these ps1 stealth mechanics
76561198023337900,Not Recommended,242640,12916881,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,hcornell,"worst game controls ever, can't even kill the first bad guy encounter.. and I play tons of games.. seems to have 2 sec delay so lame, want me money back POS!!  dude also just stands there, you can't run away either AI glues you them.. not cool game play, good for frustration is all."
,Not Recommended,242640,29832547,Posted: 10 February,all,solidopc,Worst game I've played in a long time. Looks crap. Plays awkwardly. Camera is moronic. Nothing like it is made to appear.
,Not Recommended,242640,12407181,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Buntaro,Really bad controls ruin whatever possible enjoyment game could give you
76561198117042418,Not Recommended,242640,30449201,Posted: 11 March,all,vior wolfkin,i am not a fan of stealth ... this game could be good IF THERE WAS A USABLE COMBAT SYSTEM !  as it is it seem like creep around backstabbing everyone before they can see you ! saving a lot  too as there is always someone behind you ...5 mins and bored
,Not Recommended,242640,34533103,Posted: 27 August,all,Mia,This game feels boring to me...and the role of  horrible creature i play doesnt look good..I just didnt like this gamer... there was no urge to look forward into the game so i stopped it...
76561198045285245,Not Recommended,242640,22839179,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ellipse,"More like Styx: Master of uninstalled. It's kinda bad. It's really bad, I got it free on ps+ and I still felt ripped off."
,Not Recommended,242640,30158711,Posted: 24 February,all,callibun,언따봉 씨123발 내돈시프 생각하고 샀었는데 정작 까보니 ♥♥♥덩어리
76561198094038823,Not Recommended,242640,12406253,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ManMar,"Floats In the air when standing up 11/10                                                                                                                                                                                                         *SERIOUS PART* The game sucks its way to hard when they spot you cause its impossible to frickin time it right,your antagonist is ugly as ♥♥♥♥ (it doesnt matter too much but you feel badass as a cool antagonist) So far theres no good thing about it, the specs are horrible as fudge for a new game and, its only worth about 15 dollars thank god I got it on a sale but it wouldve been more worth it to get a different game than this shiz"
76561198051257200,Not Recommended,242640,12407715,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Bethesda Employeee,"4 minutes in they make a fart joke, after that i quit.♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Not Recommended,242640,23116882,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hakan,haaaaaaaaaaaaaathere is no resolution for 1360x768good game :)
76561198044131800,Not Recommended,242640,30162444,Posted: 25 February,all,gimlic1,booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
,Recommended,242640,30384700,Posted: 7 March,all,Troupple Knight,Dobby has no master.Not anymore.
,Recommended,242640,18386777,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,meow,"Dear fellow stealth-fans,what shall I say? That I really like this game? That I like it's graphics? That this game has become the better ""thief"" than the latest ""Thief""-release?Oh yes, I will, believe me, I will.Story:This game is set in some middle-aged centtury, full with magic, elves and orcs. Aaaand a goblin. Better say: not a goblin, THE goblin. Styx. He wants to steal ""the heart of the tree"", an Yggdrasil-like entity that produces amber, which is used as drug and for magical purposes.The elves can extract it, the humans can't (without dying), so a fragile ""alliance"" has been formed, more to the benefits of the humans. At this moment Styx appears, starting his plan to rob the heart of the tree.Several story-twists, secrets-revealing hours later you will see a more developing story in most other games. But you should see yourself, I won't spoiler more here.The story is amazingly told, by painted sequences that fit quite well into the game.Technical:Ok, I know what you will say: ""this is ugly"". I can't support that view. The engine used is Unreal Engine 3. Yes it is not up-to-date, but quite good and fits well to this type of game. There are some missing textures (mostly in corners) and the textures of the human faces should be varying more.The only real critic I have, is that I sometimes hear people talking from the floor above or under me. Which can be quite irritating after I ""silenced"" my whole floor.Gameplay:The controls worked very good for me. I've read that many people, especially gaming-magazines, had lots of trouble with it. I had none, only the possibility of hanging from a balcony caused me trouble. After I read in a forum that you can walk to the edge and press shift you will automatically hang on it, I had no problem anymore.The visibility of Styx is shown on his tattooed arm and the corners of your screen going darker and foggy. Sometimes the guards were able to see me from 5 meters though I was hidden. Happened sometimes, but if you save often, there is no problem. Which leads to a thing I rarely did in any other game: reaching the possible limit of savegames.Which is quite good. You have to think in this game, watch and plan. Few games have their mechanics that excessively build.If you make a failure, you die. If you plan right, you can sneak through the levels without even killing someone.Conclusion:A real good game if you are into stealth-games. Not perfect, not the latest triple A, indeed. But uif you give Styx the chance, he will entertain you 20-30 hours. Even more if you hunt for achivements (or ingame-medals)."
,Recommended,242640,30413348,Posted: 9 March,all,donkerkong,Me like
,Recommended,242640,30437612,Posted: 10 March,all,Anaithnid,"I would give this a solid 8/10.  Minor control frustrations as others have stated, nothing too wonky.  My only real complaint was the final ""battle"", truly the only part of the game I did not like at all.  I thought the story was very interesting and well told."
76561198069296497,Recommended,242640,29273706,Posted: 15 January,all,ment0r Cx,"Wow.I don't even know where to start from...Amazing game. Yes the conversations feel out of synch and badly acted, but the game itself is amazing. I played the first few levels and it felt too easy. But once you get into the later levels, you won't even care to look for collectables as you'll struggle with the main objective.Another thing that at first dissapointed me was that they re-use older maps and just put different objectives on them. Notice how I said ""at first"". The way they re-use old maps is actually amazing, it's so well done actually.Styx is so much like Garrett. He steals, kills, has a sense of humor & has a soft spot for people he kinda cares about.This definitely was a better experience than Thief 4 and I'd 100% recommend this over Thief 4.Can't wait for Shards of Darkness to come out.8.5/10 - Actually a decent game in this era."
76561197965689444,Recommended,242640,29573413,Posted: 29 January,all,Rotworth,"An excellent 3rd person stealth game.  The main character's abilities (even later in the game) don't really encourage a diversity of approaches.  Combat is really only effective against one or two enemies and usually tends to draw more then that in.  The clone ability is powerful but situational.  Invisibility is the trump card to get you past a tough spot but cannot be used often and is rarely essential.  The game's sleath mechanics are good but slightly inconsistent.However, every so often while playing, you will have that moment where everything clicks and you fly through a huge section of a level quickly without getting caught or you find some ingenous way past a difficult situation.  The game is well tuned such that these experiences happen enough to keep you hooked but not so often that the game is too easy.The story is surprisingly involved for a cookie cutter stealth game.  I often got frustrated when getting bogged down in difficult levels because I wanted to clear them quickly and see the next part.Play on normal difficulty and save often."
76561198047300175,Recommended,242640,16997501,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,nyks,"If only had this developer more money b/c it's obvious that they really know how to make a true stealth game. Vast levels a la the original Thief trilogy. The level design may not be as interesting as in the father of the genre but everything is perfectly explorable without any cutoffs which would prevent you from backtracking.Styxhas a handy arsenal & abilities at his disposal like balls of sand/invisibility, and all of these are perfectly usable in every mission. You won't end up using them only once like it happens in some other games. Verticality of all the areas is giving you freedom in how to approach challenges the game puts before you. There's still some trouble in the jumping but I don't think it was anything critical; just had to quick-load now and then. The story itself is quite good; also the ending was satisfying in my opinion. The way it is told isn't entirely fascinating (especially the cutscenes, theylookhorrible) but it uses concepts like over-hearing conversations which made me more immersed -- the story was told as I was playing the game. On the other hand, the tasks you're given are truly enjoyable. Not once did I find anything repetitive, even after the game started to reuse (almost ALL) the levels after mission #4. There's a big variety in quests like escorting somebody to a safe place, assassination, following a key target, pickpocketing... And there are always new adversaries coming your way as the story progresses. The game is funny at times, and does a great job of making you interested in its lore too (unfortunately there wasn't much to find out). To sum it up, Styx is pretty much the best stealth game of 2014. It does things right. Having bigger budget, I believe it could be simply spectacular.edit: typos"
76561198012749929,Not Recommended,242640,17209778,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LochnessLobster,I loved the gameplay and stealth of Styx.  I also liked the abilities.  It might have been cool to have had a leveling system.  The maps are way too big not to have GPS.  I played original THIEF but put it down because it had the same problem.  I spend most of my time wandering around lost.  It just took the fun out of it for me
,Recommended,242640,17245476,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,drone110266,This is a great sneak around game for this gen. Graphics are very nice and the mechanics work very well.  The story was even a lot of fun. Dragged on a little near the end but the ending was worth it.
,Not Recommended,242640,17032078,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Mackensen,"A stealth game with average gameplay quality, sub-par graphics, average story and characters.Only buy if you are a big fan of stealth games, have nothing else to play, and you can buy the game at a low price."
76561198062412064,Recommended,242640,17037836,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Fashionably Late,Combat so flawed lol but i guess its fun when there's actuall sneaking happening
,Recommended,242640,17260618,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Bogus,"Hands down one of the best sneaker games on the market. I highly recommend it for any fan of stealth games @ full price. If you are not a sneaker fan buy it on sale to add to your steam collection. It has a nice, polished indy feel to it and the immersion factor is through the roof."
76561197999832965,Recommended,242640,17271029,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,BjOrc,Loved it to much!
76561198036588668,Not Recommended,242640,17259016,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Zerune,"I was extremely excited to see a new take on the first person stealth game through the eyes of a goblin. It was a great idea, awesome graphics, good story. Unfortunately as I started playing I realized the controls were not optimal for the PC but it was still a good layout.Greatest weakness of the game lies in controllability and common sense. Here are examples:1. While on the edge of a balcony - you figure Styx being the awsome goblin that he is *should* be able to just drop down and grab the ledge the same way he climbed up with the option of pressing the E. -No it's not possible- Instead he walks off to his doom.2. I understand he is small... but does he have to get stuck under a small ledge on the wall (possibily even a glitch with the wall) and cannot jump? I mean it's only 2 inches out of the wall.3. He carries a knife (awesome). Takes more than 2 seconds to slice open a guy's throat. Wasting valuable game time.4. Controls are slugish and if you're a wall there's a chance Styx can't respond at all.Sorry guys- played an total of two hours trying to give this game a fighting chance. I can't take it anymore it's just too painful."
,Recommended,242640,17151866,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,oilreg,"A must have for people which like stealth games, the maps are insanely huge and wonderful modelled i even started dreaming from some of those maps. i just wished there would be less sewer maps LOLThe game has a few downturns and non logic elements like the Spiders only attacking you and not the other charakters in the game. Some of the controls are just not well done, and the recognition of ledges to jump on are often stupid at best, and this i write after they claimed to have fixed this with a patch. But overall its a thrlling game to play."
,Recommended,242640,16987024,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Backlog Gaming,Bugs have been fixed!!!! One of my favorite stealth games to date.
,Recommended,242640,16938789,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"There is couple of things you should know before you purchase this game. It's not your average go quiet-go loud game, like ""Hitman"", ""Dishonored"", ""Splinter Cell"", etc... Going loud is not an option at all and you'll just get kille in a blink of an eye. This game is more about cunning and stealth, using the enviroment to your advantage and the tools that are at your disposal, just take in count that each of your unique abilities and tools is counted and staying quiet in the shadows is the key in this game, take your time, study your surrounding and enemies and choose your approach to each situation, but for the love of god, don't try to pick face to face fight with more than 1 opponent, you'll get smashed like a bug. Play it safe, calm and tactical."
76561198119209417,Recommended,242640,16990679,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,DrumbleDore,"Patience is key with this game. Choose your moment when to sneak or kill enemies. Lots of fun and badass voice acting.Waiting for the sequel ^^Ohyea, i rate 9/10 ~ Would get away with countless murders again!"
76561198087007196,Recommended,242640,17072232,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,✨EndlessWaste✨,cant stop playing :styx:
76561198080002115,Recommended,242640,17077968,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Aj Em Zlatan,"Amazing, simpliy amazing graphics is okay,combat is terrible but its alright because the prirority of this game is stealth,beautiful level design, huge maps like extra huge,cool story,good voice acting (it could be better but this is okay),amazing moves and gameplay.parkour is awesome,stealth elements are perfect...I highly reccomend for every player who loves being stealthy to try out this game."
76561197985263356,Recommended,242640,16862314,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,=DWC= rots_o_rag s.s.,"Update after many hours of play: There is a lot of profanityPros:BeautifulChallenging in goblin mode, I've not played the othersEasy to understand Primary and Secondary objectivesNo bugs so far, probably half way throughOn Sale !Cons:The gizmo things you can hunt and pick up don't reward much so I didn't bother.Some repetition with the mapsVery difficult to understand some of the side missionsPro tip: On the Master Key level, don't over think the floor puzzle like I did!"
76561198052906750,Recommended,242640,17196943,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SkySheep,"This game is astounding! There's a somewhat linear storyline but in every level there are possibly hundreds of paths you can take to make it to the end. The chapters are long, there is a great deal of content, and the voice acting is spot-on, with many jokes. Not to mention twists and turns in the plot if youre into that. Not me though.I just love to kill guards <3"
76561197982947659,Recommended,242640,17230421,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Wok-Ur-Katt,"Played Of Orcs & Men, liked it alot. Styx continues his adventures in ""Master of Shadows"". Styx reminds me of Thief ""The Dark Project"" & ""The Metal Age""."
76561198000341813,Recommended,242640,13132352,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DJ Satellite,Its such a badass storyline with difficult AI (at a high difficulty) as well as funny/interesting dialouge from the guards.
76561198108960824,Recommended,242640,13159366,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Buffaloha,My favourite after Dishonored.
,Recommended,242640,13519919,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,B4N3,I absolutely love this game. This is a pure stealth game with a well written story and unique art style. The levels also avoid being repitive as new enemies and mechanics are often introduced along the way. Recommended for more hardcore fans of the stealth genre.
,Recommended,242640,13522553,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kuesi,"Excellent game, if you are interested in a stealth game and twists in the story this should be a good choice for you."
76561198043141346,Recommended,242640,13304684,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,| Hawxflight,"Styx: Master of shadows.Reviewing this is quite hard, it's not the usual stealth game - a genre that I really enjoy. The first half of the game starts out promising, with a skill tree, small side missions in the decently sized levels and the ability to control a clone of yourself. The latter of the game however, is slightly less 'fun'- during the final few levels, the game goes from being an enjoyable stealth game to being...well, a big game of 'Hide and seek' - then it commences on to the final battle, whichif you haven't spec'ed into the right treeand gained the right skills you will find more than hard. With the irritating mechanic of only being able to spec into skills when at the Hideout - of which you only visit about 3 times(hardly enough to spec correctly). This game has a lot going for it in the first half of the game, though I feel as if the end of the game was a bit rushed and thus not much fun.All in all, if the game is on discount I'd reccomend picking it up- there are at least a few hours of stealth action to be picked out. For the price at the moment (£24.99) I'd wait."
,Recommended,242640,13510363,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,WozzUK,"Yup, it’s not  a bad game…. It’s like WoW and Thief had a drunken romp and this is the result.  It’s fairly amusing to place and there’s a good level of comedy spliced with the murder.  I think it coulda been a little smoother and the controls: Jesus don’t try and play this with a keyboard and mouse.  All in all, not bad at all, there’s MUCH worse “stealth” games out there!"
76561197968585077,Recommended,242640,13531826,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Liquid,must buy. brilliant game
76561197970758927,Recommended,242640,13512346,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Invid,"Excellent sneak shooter. This does remind me of the original Thief in the sense that you're relying heavily on stealth and strategy. The only difference between this and Thief, is Styx has larger environements and you're very acrobatic which makes ascending/descending so much fun."
76561197971397348,Recommended,242640,13426538,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,QQcanasian,Best stealth game I've ever played!If you like stealth games definatly get this+ nice mechanics both stealth and climbing+ nice open levels+ fun main character+ Good Graphics+ nice upgrade system (nothing too overpowered)+ goblin difficulty
76561198000225696,Recommended,242640,13800965,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Driveby Krakens,Taught me how to stop trying to not kill people.9/10
,Recommended,242640,13803726,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cacame Awemedinade,"Fun game, though I recommend it on Goblin mode; it will make u HAVE to hide and think about what you are going to do.Also, in the Xbox Controller, holding down button makes you whistle (attracts people); for some reason the tutorial didn't mention it."
,Recommended,242640,13748817,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DoomHamster,Very fun stealth game that is not too easy (F5 truly is your friend).
,Recommended,242640,13736758,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Taffer,"Pros:- Very good stealth mechanics.- Nice platforming. (Since the patch)- Enormous levels!- Many paths to get to your objective.- Hard at the harder difficulitys. (Great for avid stealth players)- New imageing of Elves, Humans, Orcs and Goblins.- Styx is a badass!Cons:- Story is really meh.- Levels are repeated i.e. sometimes you go through them backwards.- TERRIBLE lipsyncing- Characters outside of Styx aren't really interesting.- Tons of collectibles for the perfectionists amoung us.If you enjoy stealth games Styx: Master of Shadows is the game for you!The story isn't the strongest part of this game, but if you're willing to look through it and focusing on the gameplay and the stealth itself you will probably have a good time. I certainly did.The game offers a lot of options in its gameplay department, but does not when it comes to its story only once are you able to make a decision that effects something else than how you get to your objective.As I said the gameplay is really good and if you're a stealth fan i highly recommend it espesically if you like a challenge, since this game is by no means easy and you will find yourself quicksaving and quickloading a lot.If you purchase this game you can get a lot out of it if you decide to go for the harder settings and complete all the side challenges and collectibles.I give the game a 6.5/10."
,Recommended,242640,13761986,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SSN.先輩,"Awesome Game, but not recommended for bad tempered players."
,Recommended,242640,13764973,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BreVDD,9/10
,Recommended,242640,13727015,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jigz,"I am loving this game so far, the story is really well done and the gameplay is really enjoyable. The guards dialogue is also funny to listen to which i think is a nice touch when sneaking about. You have some cool abilities and a nicely done upgrade system which is rewarding and you are able to upgrade all the skills. There is also a skill set which you can unlock when certain skill sets have been maxed out.. Obviously as this is a stealth game you cannot take on hordes of enemies, you can take on 1 or maybe 2 but then you must run and hide.As many people say, the texture qaulity isnt amazing but i dont see a problem with the graphics; I quite like them.-Climbing is a bit clunky at times aswell, but it still works fine. (I found out when climbing you need to hold the jump button, Space/A to keep hold of the ledge.)9/10EDIT:Completed the game, the story was awesome, really well done.Now im oging back to get 100%, i really enjoy the timed challenge and collecitng all the tokens.Definatly recommend this game, my favourite stealth game by far. It has its bugs but i love it <3."
,Recommended,242640,13766801,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,metalmilitia424,This game has pocketsand... Your arguement is invalid.
,Recommended,242640,13708888,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Uncle Jesse,"Outstanding.It's very old school, it does what it wants, and it does it right.As the years go on, stealth games and games in general get more afraid to challenge the player.This game is not afraid.This game is a challenge and a welcome one.This is what we wanted from the ultimate failure of the century: Thief 2014Pick this game up if you like it old school.Cheap, worthy and an all around good game."
,Recommended,242640,13560088,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,NaLaaST,"Pretty fun stealth game.The platfoming can be a little awkward, but the general gameplay is fun, the story is simple but not overbearing, and the level design is good."
,Recommended,242640,13580426,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bob Biscuit,"Short review:Pros--Great stealth mechanics-Interesting plot-No killing/anti-killing bias-Open level design-Good AICons--Once locked in combat, must kill or die (running is very problematic at best)-Second half of game has reversed maps-Enemy placement is sadistic at timesLong Review:For people who enjoy stealth games, I highly recommend Styx. Combat sucks, I'll say that outright, and as mentioned in the cons above, it's difficult, and sometimes impossible, to escape once you're locked in. That said, given that there's three types of enemies that have instant kill attacks if they catch you, and one that may as well be instant, for how it stunlocks you, combat's clearly not the draw of the game. The levels are wide open, with many paths available to take, some more dangerous than others, but nothing impossible, and certainly not impossible to get the undetected or merciful achievements. Unlike in other stealth games, like Dishonored for instance, there's no penalty to killing everything that crosses your path, if you can manage it. It's more of a tradeoff. An easier level now, or an easier path, in exchange for not getting some skill points and an achievement at the end of the level.They clearly spent their time considering the stealth aspects of the game, and it shows in how well it comes together. The enemy AI is brilliant. Not impossible to get by, but if you draw too much attention, they'll take their time searching, checking everywhere you could be hiding at ground level, or on ledges beneath them, going so far as to drag you out of hiding if they find you. If they give up on their search, which will take time, they'll still remain on alert, keeping a close eye on things, and going back to the search if given the slightest reason. They'll investigate suspicious sounds, but, until the second half of the game, will pass off death by chandelier or falling crate as accidents, and poisoning as illness. After the second half, it varies on what they'll do -in some places, I've found dropping a chandelier on someone puts everyone on high alert, and in others, they don't bat an eye. There is one spot, where you need to claim a weapon, and the nearby guard will go on alert the moment his patrol brings him to where he can see it's missing. That said, some areas are rather cheap, in that they'll place a guard in such a spot that you'll be required to go past them, in plain view, unless you kill them or use invisibility.It does feel rather lazy that the second half of the game almost entirely consists of replaying past levels, starting on the other end of the map, with new guard placements and patrols, but it does at least offer a decent plot-relevent reason for doing so.All in all, it's a solid game, and I highly recommend it. If you're a fan of the genre, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,242640,16001360,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Cuchulainn,Very fun game with an awesome combat system and good graphics.
76561198078878570,Recommended,242640,16003446,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,PleaseDontTouchMyRaf,"Styx is an interesting game where you play as a goblin like creature who can't really remember anything. All he does remember is he wants to steal the hearth of the Amber Tree and escape The Tower. Through the game you meet new people that recognize who you are but you do not. Think about this game like a mix of Assassin's Creed and Dishonored.The only two cons that I have experienced until now are the story and the narration.Narration: The dialogues and the narration lack WAYYYY to much emotion and sound dull.Story: Well... It's meh... ""I don't remember anything, all I know is I want the heart of the tree...But the gameplay itself is very nice and the graphics are also pretty good/decent (depending on what you expect.)"
,Recommended,242640,16003861,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Cursethedawn,Just started playing but so far it has a warm fuzzy Thief-like vibe which is great.  Paths are a bit linear with a lot of hand holding though.  The constantly floating objective text is distracting and pulls you out of the immersion of the world.So far I'd say it's worth a try.  If something rages me or impresses the hell out of me I'll update.
76561198126468912,Recommended,242640,16535551,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Barnerges,"I started this game on hard mode thinking that ""Yeah, I've played other stealth games before."" To my surprise, I actually found the game quite hard. Get this game if you are looking for a game that rewards you for thinking creatively and for playing like a squishy goblin.At first I was getting this game thinking: ""Hey, yeah, I could go with a T rated version of Assassin's Creed."" First of all, I think the language alone could give it an M rating (wouldn't want my almost teen brother playing as a goblin swearing all the time and dropping an F-bomb here or there). Second of all, no parqour, but more than that, no attack button. Seriously, no attack button. There is one button by which you may kill things, but that's only out of combat. Inside of combat, you enter a ""dueling stance"" during which you may only parry your enemy's attacks. After the required number of parries, an attack option will take its place. Keep in mind though, that during all of this, nearby enemies aren't just standing by gawking. No, they're attacking you too. In the end, combat is super gimmicky. I feel that this is done on purpose because this is not a run, hach-n-slash game. This is a game where you stick to the shadows, pick your opponents off one by one, or you die."
,Recommended,242640,16267091,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Madjura,"This game is fantastic, buy it"
,Not Recommended,242640,16396331,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SunSorrin,All the way up till the end the game was good.  Then if you don't have any amber or knives the end scene is just beyond stupid.  They instantly dectect you and kill you.  If you do like having to quit a game in disgust then don't pay and don't play.
,Recommended,242640,16396617,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,musical_pringle,"Styx is a good stealth game that just didnt happen to reach its full potential. If you can get past the slightly xbox era graphical quality and the buggy, sometimes broken movement mechanics but have a love of stealth games this should be right up your alley."
76561197990744770,Recommended,242640,16394444,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hobo,"*Muffled struggle* Shhhh shh....*SNAP* *Clang of armour hitting the floor* xDI love stealth games, ever since Thief the Dark Project / Hitman. This game is really worth picking up if you are into stealth games. It like a hidden gem on Steam. I did not even notice this until I saw the picture of Styx, who I loved in 'Of Orcs and Men'. After 5 hours of play here's what I think.The Level design- The levels are so super open which is great when compared to most stealth games these days (Thief 4 anyone?) There are multiple paths to take to your objectives, ranging from roof rafters to air vents to just sneaking behind people into the main doors.The voice acting- Oh my days I love the voice acting. Styx sounds so bad♥♥♥♥♥ I'm pretty sure it's the same voice actor from their 'Of Orcs and Men' game. The guards sound like characters out of Fable, but in a good way. And the minor mannerisms that Styx has when you choke out a guard or assassinate somebody is so good! You can even hear him sigh sometimes in a way that makes it seem like for him it's ""just business as usual ...""No need to kill (thus far)- Apart from in the tutorial where they teach you the combat mechanics, thus far I have no had to kill anyone. I only assassinate them cause it's fun!Note: The combat is pretty much a quick time event. I dislike quick time events but the game is based around Stealth and I tend to reload once I'm spotted. So for me the basic combat isn't such a big deal.Music- It's pretty cool at times although it can get a little bit repetitive.Jumping / Movement in-game- I'm writing this as a thing! Mainly because Thief 4 made me feel like I was a cardboard box! This game is not at all like that! I can freely jump from rafters to ledges and if I judged my distance properly, I pull off a sweet / silent leap. If I got it wrong, then I go splat into a tiled floor and die. It's amazing! You really feel like a small, sneaky git, nimbly moving around huge armour glad guards.Level System- I've only had time to level up once thus far. But it seems really good how they did it. You get to pick from tree's kinda like Skyrim but much more basic. You can pick skills to cater to your playstyle. I'm going down the Stealth and Kill tree's at the minute. The skills you are able to unlock are not numerous but they are really really useful and impact the game in a large way.Performance on my PC- I'm playing on a Geforce GTX 560 TI on a pretty old system whenever it doesn't freeze up."
,Recommended,242640,16405194,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Double Ahhnold,deceeent
76561198056883751,Not Recommended,242640,16384856,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Thousandpath,"A cool game, but sadly has too many annoying little things to be actually considered great game.All enemies have ranged attacks, which makes the actually ranged enemies somewhat pointless. This is of course to make fleeing harder, but they could have just made the enemies faster and more agile.Outside of scripted events, it is impossible to get enemies to attack enemies of different faction, which stops you from using some more interesting stragedies to get rid of opposition.Once detected, the game forces you into combat. By forcing, I mean that if enemy steps withing few feet of you, your camera is actually forcibly turned to face them, This is unacceptable in a stealth game.Then there are the smaller things like slightly unintuitive controls, not being able to turn corners while moving on ledges. not being able to kill enemies when they have noticed you, even if they would not be able to parry your attack and sometimes not being able to kill enemies cause they are leaning on a fence, even though you are standing right behind them.All in all, great story, but the gameplay has too much little issues."
,Recommended,242640,16054986,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,treebeard60,"If you like sneakin' (gollum gollum),and are not a super mega gamer............then you will probably like this.It's very dark to start with but you'll see eventually.I like it very much."
76561198052235978,Recommended,242640,16298500,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Nidas,"If you like stealth games and a challenge then this game is right up your alley. It visualy looks great, has a good atmosphare and has a really interesting storyline.Not only that, it also gives you a great freedom on how to execute the missions with its big open spaces.Totaly worth a try!"
76561198031526414,Recommended,242640,16348551,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DD,Buy it now. i'ts on sale.A hidden gem that is a must for stealth lovers.
76561198018876906,Recommended,242640,16320857,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BlasphemousPrime,Absolutely amazing game. I enjoyed it immensely.Better then Tenchu: Wrath of Heaven.
,Recommended,242640,16322517,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,xAsher,"I am writing this as I only have a measely 4 hours players..But all I can say is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.  I find this game to be extremely difficult; However, VERY enjoyable. For those who are used to just slaughtering enemies after being detected and then hiding again beware because there is none of that here. This game really forces you to think about your actions as you play because even the smallest of mistakes can be fatal.Highly recommend this to anyone if youre hardcore into stealth games."
76561198042956737,Recommended,242640,16323302,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,atramentousFirmament,yeah it's pretty good.
,Recommended,242640,16317889,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,silentvince666,i love how its a fun stealth game its not totally serious in the cut scenes and his dialog the fighting takes getting used to but its immersive i love this game totally worth it :)
76561198013650763,Recommended,242640,16375201,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Spiral,"Styx is what Splinter Cell Black List should have been, stealth wise. The game plays very smooth although the combat is a bit cluncky like other reveiwers are saying but the overall atmosphere, combined with great controls makes Styx a worthy platforming stealth game.Styx will walk you through new abilities as a kind of intergrated tutorial during game play.There are some valid complaints about Styx's ability to climb and shimmy only certain walls and ledges. However, I have not found this to be an issue so far, as i have not needed to shimmy anywhere I was heading. I think they implemented the drop down feature to hide from approaching badies and or to escape downwards, as there are many levels to various maps.I'm only about an hour in to the game but I'm looking forward to furthering my quest with Styx.Highly Recommended @ $10 -$17 during the Summer 2015 sale, which ever sale price you can catch, i caught the $10."
76561197995795956,Not Recommended,242640,16334068,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,smiling_bandit,So within an hour of playing this game it caught me on corners twice making Styx twitch pointlessly. One of these times i got killed because of it. Apparently Styx cannot climb around corners either which is quite weird as he is supposed to be very agile. Overall its a pretty game that should have been tested alot more. My recommendation though is to not play it. Seems unfinished.
,Recommended,242640,15017276,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Dima,"This is the game that fans of Thief wish Thief 4 would have been.  Absolutely one of the best stealth games ever.   Could have used a bit of an expanded upgrade system (more kill abilities), a varied inventory (one weapon all game), and couple of other minor quibbles.  But this is nitpicking. Easily 9/10.  If you want a proper stealth game to play, get this now."
76561198142850590,Recommended,242640,17919505,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,tech A,"This is a great stealth game! It has a very interesting story and great gameplay!Another interesting thing is the character. Instead of a normal protaganist, we get a grumpy old-man goblin.If you want to feel like a pro old-timey thief, this is the game for you! With it's parkour, assassinations, and theivery.It will leave you feeling like a BOSS!However, I  got it on sale. I really don't think it's worth the $30 price-tag. But if it's on sale, go ahead and pick it up!(Some people say the combat is a little wierd, but I like it! It requires some skill to do, as you need to parry and time you're attacks!)9/10, would goblin again!"
76561198024982429,Not Recommended,242640,21876490,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,jeremiah,Wonky.
,Recommended,242640,22150613,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sugoi Sen3.14,"23 hours in and i'm only past the 4th missiongameplay is smooth, need to manually hide behind cover unlike Ubisoft's Haystack Jump Simulator Creedlight detection, proximity detection, sound detectionbe careful or the guards will slash or shoot you downgameplay 10/10graphics 8/10 coz DX9 and old school textures"
76561198005444322,Recommended,242640,22636635,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SilentDan,"Good story.  Difficult stealth as Styx the goblin can't stand against armored humans, so you have to remain hidden all the time.  Despite taking place in a massive fortress city, the developers could only afford to have a handful of levels built, so you frequently go back and forth on the same maps, just going between different entry and exit points."
76561198013601295,Recommended,242640,22531656,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Twitch.FlameFranco✪,"This is a must buy for all stealth lovers.i don't know why this is such a unknown game, graphics are fine, good dialogue and lot of sneaking and illusions to trick those silly humans10/10 you can get a gollum like copy of yourself"
,Recommended,242640,22534511,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Sogen,A solid stealth game with a nice plot. Kept me entertained throughout my whole playtime
76561198098215961,Recommended,242640,22557230,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,The Hobo of Wall Street,Best Story ever
,Recommended,242640,20784725,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Gut Lord,"Fun little stealth platformer that suffers from a repetitive second half (backtracking through the first).The game also relies heavily on the stealth aspect, making physical confrontations difficult and with multiple enemies near-impossible.  You'll need to plan out every little movement to get from point A to point B, and saving is a must as auto-saves are few and far between.A few minor things also needed to be fine-tuned, but they aren't deal-breakers either.For instance, jumping up to a ledge automatically makes you climb it.  I'd often forget this and would find myself climbing directly into an enemie's line-of-sight.The same goes for hanging from a ledge.  On some rare occasions i'd find an edge that Styx couldn't hold on to or needed to be on the right spot to initiate the movement.  Upside is Styx yells ""f*ck youuuu"" as he falls to his death."
,Recommended,242640,21062238,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,I Aim To Misbehave,"Really good stealth game, few quirks which will hopefully be fixed in the announced sequel (will be an instant buy). I do love figuring out how to approach a level when doing a no kill no being seen playthrough. Funky story."
76561198053684621,Recommended,242640,21074033,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,alterpha,"I am a big fan of stealth games so I was really happy to have given this one a chance.My first play-through of this game was brutal lol...because it is a stealth game, and I wasn't playing it that way at the start. I was running around trying to fight toe-to-toe way too much,. You can play Dishonored like that, but not this game... and  I got killed a LOT doing that. You should  play stealth as much as possible  because your character is by no means a great fighter, he can parry with his dagger but your timing has to be right or you suffer a lot of health damage and usually die early on.  You cannot button-mash in combat because it will not work...again you will die.He is  also half the size of everyone else, oh yeah...and he cannot run fast at all,  so he can be easily caught (which is very frequent if you don't play stealthily) then he gets the cabbage beat out of him  by a half-dozen guards alerted in the area.. and then dies.  It is very frustrating.What I like about this game is that there are several alternative routes to get to your destination and at first they are not obvious. And you may end up laughing at yourself for taking the scenic route, when there was a much shorter (and safer route) just around the corner ..OR over your head. So look everywhere. You also find a lot of things accidentally in secret areas (look for wall switches) which I also thought was cool as well. But then make a mental note of the locations where you found gold, health potion, amber...etc...because  when you get killed or hurt somehow , knowing where to get those items is necessary otherwise you will have to steal them off of guards which is not impossible but can be risky, even fatal... or return to the hideout for them which ends the mission. So look everywhere...it's a huge game area.This is  definitely a game that you have to be patient in, you cannot usually move from point A to point B immediately, you have to pay attention to where the guards are looking as well as walking., and there are a ton of them...usually at least 5-6 in the same general area,,,and  100 + on every level. All armed,  with throwing knives, huge swords or maces, and some with crossbows. There are also inquisitors who are basically mages that when they spot you, they immobilize you so you can't move at all...and then the guards come and joyfully  pummel you to death...Then there are elite heavy armored guards who cannot be killed by your dagger. So look for ways to take them out, such as poisoning the water or food, or dropping a chandelier on them (which is highly entertaining btw)Some of the levels can easily take 4 hours to explore. There is a relic to be found in each mission with little clues as to their whereabouts on the map which is pretty cool...but they are not super easy to find so you have to keep referring to the map. Then in some areas there are giant mutated beetles called 'robies' they are totally blind, BUT they have excellent hearing and are faster than crap, so when they hear you, they immediately hunt you down and usually poison and bite you to death. Unless you get the drop on them first. So as I said...you HAVE to use stealth and clone yourself to divert attention elsewhere. This is a cool feature once you get the hang of how it works.The character can also turn invisible, but not for very long, and this requires a good amount of amber which you need all the time. You can open several abilities at the end of each mission, but the most useful ones to me are the stealth enhancements.  There are several options though and you can always trade up an ability for another one which is a nice feature.Overall the game is fun, but it is also very frustrating and daunting, and you will probably die and restart the area quite a bit especially when you try to get the achievement for not being detected, and so on. The story is good, the voice acting is decent, graphics are ok..nothing phenomenal but they are not bad, I thought they were better than Thief for example.If you like stealth games you should try it."
76561198035652872,Recommended,242640,21079610,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Gloomygrim,"Games great when you play it on the hardest setting,  im not  afan of the punishing games but this one works.   when you play on goblin (hardest setting) enemies can kill you in 1 hit and often 2/3 with ranged, Seems unfair but the fact that you kill them in 1 hit (even ranged) it feels fair.  buy the game enjoy it then want more."
,Recommended,242640,16896912,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,めー,"Good game, but not worth $30.  Get it on sale."
,Recommended,242640,20977819,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Timmeh1333,
76561198054869552,Recommended,242640,21078433,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Valkaris,"Nice stealth game with little to no option to survive an open fight and many ways to reach the goal.There are some minor bugs, mostly NPCs stuck in their path or not going where they are supposed to go if you disturb them. But nothig gamebreaking and it always could be fixed with a little patience or reloading a 2min old quicksave.One thing people might dislike: Every Level is used twice. Enemies change and the second time ist far more challenging, but there are people who consider this laziness of the developers."
76561198058237806,Recommended,242640,21137460,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,johndlee13,If you got the software for it
76561198052554580,Recommended,242640,21142741,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,daschus,"8/10.  This is a very good stealth game with a really good plot.   It's challenging even on easy mode.  You play Styx, sort of, an assassin/theif with no memories.  You make a friend, you go on missions, you F9 a lot trying to get the Shadow and Mercy XP.  At the very end, there is a boss fight because game developers believe games must always have a boss fight no matter how you played up until that point, a la Assassin's Creed II and Deus Ex 2.  Luckily, I had 3 knives on me when I went into the fight or else I would have had to reload from quite a ways back.This game is for people who like stealth games.Pros:-Story-Steath-Challenge-Optional Objectives-LengthCons:-Boss fight requires you to either know how to fight or have three knives going into the final scene-Lack of Amber caches during missions.  Life was everywhere, but not Amber.-Lack of Amber to fill your pouch full in the hideout.-Bad placement of a couple cut scenes-Combat lock.  You cannot flee."
,Recommended,242640,21110133,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nisse,"I don't see how the majority of people like this game. It doesn't make any sense in any way. It's a shallow and broken product shipped out without a single thought. The designers must have been extremely lazy and corrupted by amateurism to make something as lackluster and non-functioning as this.This game tries to emulate hack and slash games by incooperating blade combat. The thing though is that it's 80% of the time impossible to pull off without having surrounding enemies gang up on you and strike you down like a bag of noodles. Only if your target is completely lonely will it ever be manageable to handle.How it works is that you try to parry them until they're open to get killed. But as I mentioned; the other enemies will most likely kill you seconds afterwards and you can only focus on one enemy at a time.The graphics reminds me of Kingdom of Amaleur: Reckoning on the PS3. Which is bad considering that I played this with highest settings and that it's not as massive as KA:R, so there's no excuse for the graphics being so poor here.The plot is very shallow and characters are forgettable. Not much to say here except that Styx isn't funny, he just abuses curses.If you still wanna play this for some reason then here's a pro tip: Crouch, it makes the guards bug out and not hear you.In conclusion this game is horrible......However as a stealth game it's pretty fun."
76561197970813146,Recommended,242640,21147788,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,TheDuckDude,This silly little goblin is funny. I LOVE IT!!
76561198048072887,Recommended,242640,30658472,Posted: 21 March,all,Cosasu,I think the game is good enough but it is not for me. I get far too bored waiting for an AI to pass by and do everything stealthy and the game does not offer you a more direct approach. If you are into stealth games this is a lovely game but if you are impatient like I am stay away.
76561197976491067,Recommended,242640,20009894,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,kiai,"A Very good game in many respects. The graphics are good, gameplay is quite nice and stealthy, although it encourages save/load-repetition, until you get everything right. Maps are quite big and there is many routes most of the time and kinda sandboxy feel to them and one can spend a lot of time on them just snooping around. All in all, a very good game in my opinion, if you are looking for a stealth game. The main character is really cool too, something different for a change."
76561198072422433,Recommended,242640,18218025,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Noir_CZ,"Well I think it is a certainly better ""stealth"" game compared to Assassin's Creed. After all here you can hardly alarm 10 guards and then fight them off. They don't really care much about you having mano-a-mano with somene, they will gladly stab you in the back, throw knife at you, shoot you in the head with crosbow etc.So stealthing or picking them off one by one is kinda needed. Unless you want to sneak your way past wihtout killing anyone. Can be done too.I like how the game usually offers multiple routes and solutions to locations you go through.For example I encountered a room that, if viewed from top, had a guy on west staring out, guy on south walking towards the middle of the room and back and then third guy walking bwetween south, west and east walls. I could not kill either one of them without alerting at least one of them. And the solutions?1) Just sneak by walls and ceiling beams.2) Use throwing knives or other means to kill at least one of them, survive the backstabbing while killing one of the two dudes and then finish the third one.3) Use combination of throwing knives, my clone that can grab and immobilize for a while the second one and mano-a-mano kill the third one. By the time I was done with him I could attack the second one that was held by the clone. Now there are multiple ways how to attack, make yourself invisible, and sneak to them. Put out the torches at walls, sneaking to them or from distance via ball of sand. You could have your cone to put out the torches. ETC.4) Put out the torches at west wall, leading them to the wardrobe where you hide your clone (with appropriate skill). The guard that walks bewteen south, west and east wall will notice the torches and goes to extinguish them and when he gets to the one near the wardrobe the clone grabs him and pulls him into the wardrobe, eliminating him silently. And then you can just wait for the guy near south wall to turn your back on you and kill him silently and then finish the west guy.Not many games I played offered so many options. And when you are supposed to get from point A to pont B, usually there are more than one possible routes. Sneak through the halls ets, or use the wall ornaments to get there from outside etc.Sound and graphics are good enough for me, though sometimes it felt weird to watch Styx muffle kill someone, but hold their forehead instead of keeping hand over their mouth.So in my books pretty good game. Would sneak again."
76561198069521417,Recommended,242640,18199198,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,CelesteJak,"This is my first total stealth game and I really loved it.  The gameplay was smooth and the graphics and environment set the perfect backdrop for Styx to carry out his mission.  My only real complaints involved the storyline and the language.  The language reminded me of two fourteen year olds trying to out curse one another in a locker room.  The foul verbiage added absolutely nothing to the story and was simply gratuitous.  As for the storyline, it could have been so much better.  Both the story and the foul language detracted from what was a really well done stealth game.  If you are an adult and have no kids around who want to watch you play, I can recommend the game for the gameplay quality alone.  It really is quite good.  If the developers are listening, they should either have a dialogue filter for those of us who are older than fourteen, or cut out the foul language entirely.  That plus a slight rewriting of the story would make for a game with the ability to be played by a wider variety of age groups.  Instead of knifing people perhaps tying them up and using a bolo for distance tying would get rid of the blood while keeping the basic gameplay intact.  With a few adaptations the game might even have some medical applications.  After talking to several folks with diabetes I  heard from all of them they had the same experience with remarkable drops in blood sugar after a couple of hours of playing the game.  We've done comparisons with other activities and the drops are considerably higher than with almost any other activity with the exception of moderately heavy exercise.  Of course, we are a small group of folks but it would be interesting to know if it happens with others who are playing the game.  Anyway...Styx overall is a good game to play with the caveats I've listed above.  I got it on sale for under ten dollars and would have been willing to pay up to twenty had I known how much I'd enjoy the gameplay.  Hope this reviews helps you out in making a decision:)"
76561198167661921,Recommended,242640,16818008,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,"yes, I am VERY Butthurt","Absolutly amazing game! One of the best stealth games I have played! A must have! Get it now while it's on sale or you'll miss out! Perfected story and smooth gameplay. Beutifully made graphics. Challenging in most cases which I just happen to LOVE! GET THIS GAME NOW, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,242640,16818759,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Katana,"I'm still pretty early in Styx's storyline, but so far the experience has been pretty positive. There's a good mix of verticality and special abilities that can make the gameplay interesting, and the controls, at least on a controller, respond nicely. Styx has a very high jumping height to let him climb above enemies, serving as the main way of going past people's noses. The game follows a number of stealth tropes well, like clearly indicating (via Styx's scar) whether he's in the ""dark"", and add new ones like letting you crouch under tables to make yourself invisible to enemies. Just don't bump into a chair! It's a very dynamic, if frustrating, way to get caught.Styx gives a pretty good wealth of extra challenges to go for like completing bonus objectives in a level, or even avoiding killing people (there is no ""knockout"" button, so this means complete avoidance)The game lets you quick save, so I've been save scumming a little bit, but that's something of an option - I'm sure stealth purists would prefer to only work off the game's automatic checkpoints. This is definitely something to play if you're a fan of Thief - the series' charm has been fully captured by games like this and Dishonored."
,Recommended,242640,16061953,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,EarthInvader27,Styx: Master of Shadows excels at providing a refreshing hardcore stealth experience that rivals it's competitors within the genre.
76561197999109726,Recommended,242640,16091835,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,oakc,"Good game. I don't prefer third person, but this was worth the effort. Jumping long distance  has a learning curve. Gets stuck on corners. Hope to see a sequel."
76561198052263435,Recommended,242640,16095197,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,saxonwulf1066,"So far, it's a great little game. Can't stand 1st person Stealth games so it's nice to have a fun 3rd person one."
76561198114373864,Not Recommended,242640,16032260,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,edepol,feels like a ten years old game... the environment doesn't feel real at all.
,Recommended,242640,16034890,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Frosty,"Difficult, but very fun\satisfying. It is my Favorite Game Besides Dead Space. I have never played a game like it. Its new and I am impressed. And I've only had it for a day."
76561198080185627,Recommended,242640,16838083,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BoB,It's a suprisingly well thought well written game with many hints to the master of the genre: The Dark Project from the late 90ies :)Finally a good one out !! 10/10 *_*
76561198032011709,Recommended,242640,16840140,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,digital_peer,"Great game. looks great, plays great. storylines fairly good as well.I Definitely rate this one. Graphics are proper PC quality, i enjoyed its game style which is almost a bit like the original metal gear series before it went all hacknslashy.I purchased this at full retail price on release and it was definitely worth the money."
76561198077330598,Recommended,242640,16842945,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Chem Dog,If you want a good single player stealth based game to pass the time while you chug massive amounts of egg yolk this is the game for you. Wolfjob.
,Recommended,242640,16843098,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Gore=I3=,most fun ive had in awhile playing a stealth-type game.
76561198001374560,Recommended,242640,16842246,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,cruc1atus,Super green.
,Recommended,242640,16831905,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Dr. Doop,"Assassins creed meets Metal Gear Solid! This is an awesome stealth kill game. Its even better playing as a goblin which no other game out there has anything like this. A very nifty stealth mechanic with visual confirmation when stealthed. Multiple routes around guards with several hidden crawl spaces and different ways to dispatch your enemies. Drop large containers from up above to smash your enemies to pieces or to just cause a distraction while you kill someone else across the room with a throwing knife. Do you kill every guard in sight or are you the more subtle rogue and sneak without making a scene? Its your choice, you decide how you make it through the area. The story is unique and intriguing, kept me playing.I totally recommend this game to everyone that likes the genre you wont be dissapointed plus its on sale its a hard bargain to pass up.""There aint no one that looks like me. Thats why your mother likes me so much. Now ♥♥♥♥ off i got work to do!"""
,Recommended,242640,16847334,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,BlackCat,"This is a great stealth game. I've never been much of a stealth gamer myself, but I really enjoy a challenge and I also really enjoy a rich fantasy world. This game delivers on both fronts.The main complaint I see is how bad the combat system is. This is the thing though, the player character is a Goblin HALF the size of the humans, so of course the combat system will be difficult. This should be a last resort. You are encouraged to  be sneaky throughout the whole game, and many enemies cannot be killed in direct combat and must be taken out in more crafty ways.I recommend this game for gamers who like alternative player characters, a challenge, stealth elements and fantasy elements. I certainly have enjoyed it. I am about 20 hours in, and I still haven't beaten it, simply because I find it so enjoyable to play and do everything in the game."
,Recommended,242640,16848849,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,slipping,"I've only played an hour of this and the story seems to be kinda standard tolkin fantasy esque crossed with theif, which is pretty awesome. The gameplay is utter tops though, kinda reworks the 3rd person like assassins creed or the arkham series."
76561198004704656,Recommended,242640,18515502,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Hostolonius,"I'll be honest I've only just started the game. If my initial impressions change, I'll update this review then.So, I saw this game a while back and got pretty excited when I saw it on sale. It isn't very hardware intensive for its rather appealing look, but the game itself is just boring at the moment. The skills in the game are set in a very rigid structure to be obtained. The mechanics of the game almost play themselves (Particularly climbing). The character never shuts up, which might be ok if he wasn't a one dimensional engine of exposition and objective notifier.I like challenging combat, so I opted to choose the hardest difficulty right out of the gate. If you like challenging combat, don't do that. To this games difficulty bar, ""Enemies kill you in one hit"" Means ""Enemies will engage a grapple on you that cannot be dodged, parried, or otherwise, being seen means you are dead"". Which is fine, I like stealth too, but I wasn't sure of the games Combat to Stealth relation when I started, but not having the option to fight made me feel kind of robbed.tl;drIt looks nice and isn't hardware intensiveMax difficulty is Stealth mode (Don't be tricked like I was)Play if you like someone holding your hand a lot.Not bad, just a bit boring so far."
,Recommended,242640,17882711,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,cant even ariel,This game is what Thief wishes it had become.I loved it and cannot recommend it enough!
,Recommended,242640,17877606,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Hauser,Aint for ♥♥♥♥♥es.
76561198025947611,Recommended,242640,18067466,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ruiin Stonehammer,"Styx: Master of Shadoes - Most games bore me and I never finish them. This one I finished. Which I guess means I liked it enough to keep playing until there was no more to play.Liked - Sneaking up and assisinating people just never seems to get old.Disliked - Not much in this space, off the top of my head I cant think of any negatives that made the game worse off."
76561197970703040,Recommended,242640,18073415,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,wiredTexan,For fans of games such as the Thief franchise this is a great game. Rewards patience and stealth. One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,242640,18139652,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mutated.Francis,"Styx: Master of Shadows is an infiltration game with role-playing elements set in a dark fantasy universe, where you sneak, steal and assassinate your way through as Styx, a Goblin two-centuries old.Goblin Assassin stealth is real puts assassins creed stealth into shame."
,Recommended,242640,18713983,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,rabidbadger42,"I really enjoyed this game. For a non-AAA game, it's very good. I hope there's a sequel. The complaint other people are making about the backtracking? No one complained about the backtracking in Alien: Isolation, and that game rocked."
76561198023986036,Not Recommended,242640,18714535,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mr Fave,"im just gonna say i personally did not like the game, and its mechanics seemed outdated, and the story was not interesting,  and there were in my opinion a lot of flaws, so i cant recomend it."
76561197972697594,Recommended,242640,18540439,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gila,A good fun stealth game. I really like that the last boss is stealth based not a straight up fight.
76561197976612142,Recommended,242640,18780568,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Leviathan62089,This game is great!
76561198013549610,Recommended,242640,18733997,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Gibit,"Fun, witty, and challenging. Everything you want from a stealth game."
76561198076587335,Recommended,242640,18766202,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,bujablaster,"If old Thief, Dishonored and Assassin's Creed have been on some wild party and ended up with a baby, it would be Styx for sure.Go and climb almost anywhere. Extinguish torches, hide in shadows or hanging by ledge, lure guards from their watch path and then silently kill them. Or explore enough to walk around safely by some alternative route.Lovably AI which goes investigate not only something in shadows or some noise but also when their colleague leaves his watch post. Or did they see you, Styx? Beware of hiding spots, it is hign probability guard will search them too, also taking peek from windows and checking ledges etc.Loveable art style graphics which reminds me style of Dishonored. Some says Styx has outdated graphics, i say everything is beautiful, in line and in tune, beatiful level lighting and overall beautiful visual and strong atmosphere.I reccommend this game to everyone with taste for pure stealth, Styx is really about exploring, observing, timing and waiting for right moment. You cannot fight through game, you have to plan carefuly almost every room or place you go through.Pros:- beautiful graphics- nice sound design- beautiful music!- AI - if too close they can see you even in dark corner, if you distract them they will call a buddy and go investigate together, if some guard finds a dead body he just will call others for help and search. Or extinguish a torch more than one time if some guard is near and you call yourself for trouble :)- posibility to use environment to kill or distract guards- good old ""hidden"" secondary objectives which show up only if you listen to guards talking about some secret places, hideouts etc.- GAME DOES NOT HOLD YOU BY HAND by telling you everything like lot of games do nowadays, you need to explore and use your brain ;)- decent skill ""tree""Cons:- almost none, game is stable, runs smooth (UE3 engine)- natively withou any AA, it could look a bit jaggy on anything bellow 4k- AI - no matter if you open a grill gate or doors right in front of guard, most probably they will notice nothing, AI also doesn't notice any open doors (which were previsously closed)- a bit low res textures here and there- sometimse a bit annoying going through all same levels back from end to beginning, but not big deal, levels are interesting to see them from opposite direction- i could imagine some wider repertoir of guards sayings etc.Beside old Splinter Cell games or Metal Gear Solid this is simply THE TOP in stealth. Pure hardcore stealth which takes every yet little opportunity to punish you for your mistakes ;)."
,Recommended,242640,12420615,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,♥Scal3z♥,Aparently every enemy that i kill gets a second long seizure after i kill them... Lovely! They also get stuck in furniture quite easily.
,Recommended,242640,12421425,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Jetpack Jones,8/10 I Love it.  Great game all around except the writing.  A little corny at times.  But alot of fun.
76561198036146216,Recommended,242640,12422131,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Space Cat,This is the best game cyanaide has ever made you should buy it if you liked thief the old one not the new one. That being said its a game a few  flaws none of which ruin the game. Their are two very infurating control problems hanging on ledges is near impossible because it will pull you up for no reason making the skill that allows you to pull guys of ledges useless and the ledge detection randomly decides not to work. a side note of the controls the jumping is not as tight as it should be. Everything else in the game works well. the missions are fun and their are often side objectives like steal this or kill this guy and follow this guy to his stash of magical cocaine and you just happen upon them in the world if you listen to the npcs talking.The combat with the guards is really fun and interesting despite you being at a huge disadvantage.  Which brings me to my biggest complaint their are two enemies that it is impossible to sneak past or to fight. Their called roabies and ♥♥♥♥ing elves which means ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because they have proximaty detection rather then a vision cone or audio detection. That being said it is really satisfying to get past them or to murder them and they are used very little. The last problem with the game is the final boss fight yes its a boss fight in a stealth game...that should say enough to you. Worse then that though is you don't even get to kill you main antagonist and you grow to hate this guy.However this is the only boss fight in the game and the final cutscene is really cool.The story is actually really interesting a little cheesy in places but midway through the story is a cool twist. I recommend this game for anyone who likes stealth games everyone else go watch the cutscenes on youtube for the story.
,Recommended,242640,12424334,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Windzor,"A competently put together stealth game that pleasantly DOESN'T devolve into a pointless action game as you unlock your mandatory protagonist super-powers.Gameplay: All the core stealthy stuff is here, hiding in the shadows, ducking under tables, all that jazz. Along with very interesting Amber powers that let you create a temporary clone of yourself to scout ahead, or distract a guard, or to set a trap, as well as a pretty well-balanced invisibility power. None of this gamebraking permanent invisibility nonsense like with Human Revolution, it's tactical and cool (although you can later on maintain invisibility whilst stationary, but you still need to activate invisilibty to do that and it still costs a lot of Amber).Enemy variety is pretty good too, new stuff introduced steadily as the game goes on, some enemies can hear better, others see better, Knights can't be killed with throwing knives becuse of their armour, etc. I mentioned earlier how the game doesn't turn into action nonsense, mostly because you can't take on more than a single human opponent at once, two at a stretch. Stealth really is the game's focus, but at the same time you don't feel totally helpless in combat, you can stand against the mainstay guards and be fine as long as you can time the parrying correctly.The maps are great, if you liked Dishonored or everything that wasn't Thief 4, you'll like what's here. One thing to note is that you'll be replaying the same areas/maps in different missions, often heading in a different direction, but this doesn't feel as hollow as it might sound, it's not a case of ""this is how you do this map, this will work for every mission involving this map"" learning a good route might help later on, but it won't break the game or anything.Graphics: Pretty good, Unreal pleases as always, nothing truly exceptional in this department, but there doesn't really need to be. The graphics are pleasant and serve the gameplay, the light and shadowplay works very well, I only once or twice noticed a shading problem throughout the entire game. The aesthetic of the environment the game is set in feels very ""early-europe meets fantasy-arabia"" with a bit of steam-punk thrown in, if that's a thing, then this is it.Story: I won't spoil anything, but for the most part it's average, there is a pretty cool twist that spices up the latter half of the game. The real enemy of the story is the clumsy dialogue for most of the characters, however to the game's credit, the voice actor for Styx completely kills it and does a lot with the material.Sound: The soundtrack is great, mostly ambiance and strings with some light percussion, it doesn't tire and feels relatively fresh as far as fantasy soundtracks go. My only gripe with the sound design is the slight disconnection between knocking items around and the sound it creates in terms of gameplay, for alerting guards and such. Hitting a chair produces a tiny knock but every guard in a twenty-mile radius is gonna hear it, they coulda worked on that a bit more, but that's not a huge issue.So yeah, I enjoyed it, it's solid, it's not ""revolutionary"" like some other games that have recently been released and mislablled as, but it's pretty good."
,Recommended,242640,12425054,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ThaiTwinky,"For stealth mechanics, 100% better than Assasins creed IMO"
,Recommended,242640,12428213,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,LastChinchilla,"Excellent stealth game with some minor flaws here and there. Combat is pretty much nonexistent. If you get detected and then a guard catches you, you'll get locked into a duel mode where you have to parry his attacks and wait for a moment to strike. The issue is that you can't break out of this mode and it's likely that you'll have other enemies attack you and kill you while this is happening. Assassin's Creed this ain't. However, this can be circumvented by playing on Goblin difficulty, which makes every attack from an enemy a one-hit kill and turns off the duels.I've seen some people complain about the jumping and climbing mechanics, but I personally didn't have any difficulties with the platforming sections. Styx feels a little floaty with his jumps, but it wasn't too hard to get a hang of.The biggest issue would be the last and only boss fight in the game. You're trapped in a small circular room with two waves of three enemies and almost no cover. I must have died ten times before I went back several saves so I could go into the arena better prepared with a full stock of amber and throwing knives.Apart from that, Styx is a solid hardcore stealth game. Set traps, stealth kill guards, hide bodies, sneak under tables, across rafters, through vents, and avoid detection at all costs. It's nothing groundbreaking, but if you're someone with a taste for games like Thief or Mark of the Ninja, there's a good chance you'll enjoy Styx."
76561198065510957,Recommended,242640,12406041,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mozzia,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played!  Super fun jumping/parkour, good enough kills, fun abilities.  Tons of greatness packed into on great game that's half price!  If you like Dishonored BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,242640,12406283,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Vavsap,"When I saw the start menu I had a feeling that I'll love this game. And it happened! I'm really love the game mood if it enough dark brightness. And finally true PC mouse, not like at f*cking poor console ports. Or maybe I'd forgotten that feeling when the game is PC friendly...9/10 at normal, so farI think it would be 10/10 at goblinP.S. first death was on a first fire... accidentally :)"
76561198014822172,Recommended,242640,12412687,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Xyphion,"Good game. 7/10Really anooying that you can't drop down ledges, you have to jump out turn around and grab.. Sometimes he pulls himself up even then.."
,Recommended,242640,12415401,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,N-camon,"I feel this Styx: Master of Shadows is more related to the true Thief series than recient failure of Thief.  Stealth is the only thing you need to focus on.  Combat (aside from assassinations) is very likely to end you or cripple your reasources.  This game is not going to be for everyone, but is for those likes to find their power hidden in the shadows."
,Recommended,242640,12415692,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Muck Jay,"Started playing this last night. It's actually pretty fun.It doesn't really bring anything new to the genre, so it walks on well-trodden ground... But overall it's a very competent stealth game. The environments and level design in particular is what kept me in the game; the levels are *huge*, like Thief 2 huge... Some linear corridors with multiple routes that lead into big, sprawling, open areas with tiny passageways and nooks that start rolling out in front of you. And the game has an almost crazy sense of verticality... A grand hall might have 2 floors, but each floor is very tall with multiple levels of passages (smaller-step up platforms that you can go on or go under, High up ledges where the lights are for you to shimmy across, lots of things to climb on or crates hanging from cranes like platforms), then there might be ceiling beams or rafters above all that, it's very nicely done and takes advantage of your protagonists little, nimble frame. It makes the kind of 3rd person platformy nature of the jumping rewarding, as you might run and jump off a ledge toward a shortcut that you found by pretty unconventional paths.The guard AI is pretty basic however, that outdated method of having them walk a looping patrol path and say the same thing at the same point of said path, which feels pretty janky when they're rendered to look and sound like humans with character, and so makes them come off as simple and robotic. If the game looked more like Sly Cooper or something, the simpler aesthetic might justify the simpler AI as they'd just feel more like ""video game puzzles"", but as it stands they just feel sort of dumb... Though higher difficulty settings can at least make them very perceptive, where even being hidden in shadow won't be enough to avoid detection if you're too close to them.Other than those two major pros/cons, there's lots of nice little things to be had... Jumping down from a high place (VERY high places in this case) and landing on a wooden floor will make a lot of noise, but aim for a stretch of carpet and you'll land softly and quietly... Rush along a corridor too carelessly and you might knock over a chair or broom and cause a racket, but immediately redeem yourself by slipping under a table or hole in the wall to hide.All in all it's a competent stealth game, and the price on steam I think is around the $30NZD mark, so for stealth veterans I'd definitely recommend it, but it won't change the minds of non-fans of the genre."
,Recommended,242640,12416112,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,SnowDrakE,"Quite hard, but very accessible. The game is very well done considering it's only 20-25 bucks and I will give it a big thumbs up. Stab people, choke servants, assassinate scholars by dropping chandeliers on them......complete the whole mission without getting seen once. Open maps. More ledges to climb and ratholes to crawl through than you can shake a stick at.If you are a fan of stealth games, this one is hard to pass up on."
,Recommended,242640,12416458,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Tricolored Crow,"Think dishonored in 3rd person with AI from older thief games but a little smarter, shadows dont make you invisible, AI checks hiding spots though it still can be duped by dropping a body and farming the fools checking it out.The biggest gripe i have is that the stationary AI STAYS stationary until you kill a guard that is usually doing routes near him so that is cool.Another is the lack of drop button so you have to accomodate it by hiding near a wall or alternative route....or just go invisible and run through.Oh and a reccomendation, dont save near a sleeping guard, when reloading a game the guard is loaded up awake and he will kill yo♥♥♥♥♥Also start play on goblin as it makes it really apparent that you are a 1m tall goblin and not a unstoppable killing machine"
76561198090645339,Recommended,242640,12417801,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Waffle Waffleton,"This game is really good, although lots of swearing. There is lotsa sneaking around, but I feel the combat is missing something and has the potential to be much better."
76561198111283035,Recommended,242640,12418575,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,DemonicGrub,"Quite fun so far as I have played, it has some interesting stealth aspects, though there are some flaws as of right now I would say its overall a good game. The enemies are fun to fight because if you alert them at all the will walk around and actively search for you, even checking certain hiding spots. There are several things that you can upgrade throughout the game, and many different tools you can find to help you out.+smooth controls+smart enemies+some customization+lots of nicks and cranies to hide in+many paths to get through+good enphasis on stealth over combat+overall difficult, but not impossible+lots of room to explore+some interesting interactions between unalerted guards+very mobile feel to the game, you can move decently fast and it doesn't feel like it take forever just for travel time+very cool abilities, such as creating a minion that helps at certain times, as well as going invisible for a small period of tme-even on a decent machine running on anything close to high res will lag horribly, can be solved by running low res-combat is almost impossible if 2 guards notice you (can be considered a plus, since it enphises stealth. I personally am split on it)-climbing system is sometimes difficultOver all I would say this game is pretty entertaining and is probably worth the full price. There are alot of fun aspects that aren't seen in most games, and its very hard to find good stealth games. I would certainly count this game amoung their number. If I find anything else worth mentioning over the next couple days as I play it I will come back and edit."
,Recommended,242640,12429010,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,yvng,"This is the stealth game iv been waiting for! Amazing level design, the game looks phenominal and it has endless ways of playability based on how you like to play. Since the maps are massive, there are literally 100's of ways to complete a mission differently, drop a chandelier on a guards head? Or quietly sneak passed him while hes occupied with you clone, or maybe you enjoy leaving a trail by back stabbing any guard you see. The game is chocked full with side missions and item to loot if your a completist sort of gamer and also features 20+ achievments for extra fun after you beat the game"
,Recommended,242640,12432264,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Waffen,"Those who have played the excellent ""Of Orcs & Men"" will no doubt recognize the wise-cracking foul-mouthed goblin Styx who played the sidekick to Arkail the orc. He was my favorite character in that game, and he does not fail to bring out a smile this time around either. The voice work is pretty ace.Now, I wasn't sure what to expect other than a stealth game, but what I've gotten is one of the best stealth games since Thief 1+2 with a refreshingly different main character from the regular stubble-faced human rogue with-a-heart-of-gold that seem the stable of stealth games.Very challenging, very entertaining and probably going to stand firm as one of the better games of 2014."
76561198026282580,Recommended,242640,12433652,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ThatOnePhilGuy,"While the game does have its short comings, primarily in its lack of combat mechanic besides being a rhythm game. This stealth game provides a great deal of entertainment, replay value, and room to tackle missions in various ways. I would recommend this game for anyone who is a fan of stealth focused Titles and Goblin Enthusiasts"
76561197975048046,Recommended,242640,12433963,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Santori,"Styx reassambles the qualities a stealth game should have, here is why!1) It's hard in terms of difficulty and reminds me of the Commandos series as it forces you to plan your approach while lurking in some dark corner fighting the urge to just sprint across the open market which would of course be totally suicidal since Styx survivability tends towards zero.2) The reward system includes bonuses that contradict each other like accomplish a mission in under X minutes and find all collectibles in it. Luckily you can always redo a already completed mission and hunt for these trophies.3) The environment is full of possibilities to hide Styx or to take shortcuts via various routes throughout the missions. It's not like you have 2-3 options to reach one spot it feels like you have tons of options. Great level design!3) The art work and level design seems very consistent making this fantasy world quite believable resulting in a good immersion.To sum it up, I'm glad I bought this game and hope to have some hours of gameplay left (I am about half way through by now). Anything I really disklike? Hmm... The textures could be a bit more crisp, but using 2880x1620 downsampling solved some of the flickering/aliasing problems. The MT controls are fine by me, guess FPS players have a bit of an advantage concerning manoeuvrability."
76561198049550175,Recommended,242640,12435216,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Solus Christus,Awesome stealth game! would recommend!
76561198039269037,Recommended,242640,12416700,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,InvisibleBison,"This is the first dedicated stealth game I've ever played. I have had a lot of fun playing stealth characters in RPGs in the past, so I had high expectations for this game, and I have not been disappointed. Especially considering the low price, I'd say that this game is defenitely worth purchasing.EDIT: I initially said that the game would be better if it had a quicksave/quickload feature; turns out it does have one, it's just not mentioned in the controls menu."
76561198024715204,Recommended,242640,12439842,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Jastra,"9/10Whoa, this game really surprised me and I heard about this only few days before the release. I was sceptic about the gane at first due to some negative  reviews, but after watching some videos about the game play and the character I absolutely had to buy this.This is a really good game for those who enjoy stealth. The fighting in this game is a bit clumsy and is more of a last resort.Pros:Interesting main character (cute)Good stealth gameNice sound design and atmosphereHandful of useful tools and a simple upgrade systemCons:Controls might be a bit clumsy at timesGuards are a bit oblivious and give up the search a bit too fastNot for those who want a good fighting system"
76561198009002850,Recommended,242640,12440546,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Secret Wizard,"I am not a stealth game type person. I normally get bored and crave something more, the latest ""Thief"" game and Dishonored are good examples in which this has happened to me. For some reason, with Styx: Master of Shadows, I can't stop playing.Pros: You get to be a Goblin assassin. The best kind of assassin.Expansive and creative level design offers a multitude of paths for your creative enjoyment.The controls work well and I have had no problem with ""ledge detection"" like other people have stated.Movement animations are nimble and feel right. Kill animations make you feel powerful and gritty.Beautiful graphics especially the lighting and main character, Styx.Good story and a cool way of telling it as far as I'm concerned.Cons: Sub par voice acting. I really feel like this is the only thing keeping it from a 10/10 to me. If I had to rate the voice acting it would be a 6/10, not horrible but it could have been better.All in all, this is a great game for about 25$. I've enjoyed it more than most games I've bought this year for over twice that price.Overall Score - 9/10"
76561198036619686,Recommended,242640,12440604,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Painpillow,Undeniably a great stealth game that any fan of the genre will enjoy. I personally played through trying not to get caught and oh boy is my F9 key worn. On top pf that you get an interesting story and maybe even a few laughs. Definitely worth the price tag.
76561198018242514,Recommended,242640,12442462,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,thomasekugm,"So far I'm on chapter 2 playing on hard difficulty, and I'm hooked.   I love sneakers, the thief series, the later metal gears, anything that requires stealth and Styx takes the cake for the greatest fun you can have trying to figure out how to kill a guard without the notice of the others.  Two kill types; fast and possibly loud enough to alert guards in other rooms, and quiet and long enough to almost get caught by an unnoticed patroling guard.  Harsh language, but hey I'm an adult who can appreciate the explitive he bellows as you fall to your death.   Definitly a purchase if you are more a patient gamer who loves the story, not so good for you twitch-motion COD Heads/. EK)"
76561197978332687,Recommended,242640,12443975,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,tempus fugit,"I sometimes have trouble with the ledges, i wish you could just hang down form one. But all in all a very solid addition if you like infiltration type games. The enviroment is amazing, as well as challenging and has a in teresting story to follow."
,Recommended,242640,12445736,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Weebmaster,"A solid stealth game with an interesting protagonist set in a fairly interesting world suffering from minor issues with textures and some odd checkpoint placement, which combined with the janky controls leads to excessive use of quicksave and quickload"
76561197981488539,Recommended,242640,12496351,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,gatt,"Amazing stealth game. Takes the best parts of Dishonored (Or Thief.. but then Thief doesn't really count because it also tried to take all the best parts of Dishonored) and puts it into a much more platform game type experience.Freeform controls, so no ""designated"" ledge spots like thief - this game allows you to go from A to B however it suits. Level design attempts to limit this, but there's  usually many different ways to complete things and many different ways things can pan out.Excellent story and concept too - hopefully this new IP is successful because it'd be great to see more in this universe."
76561198158474997,Recommended,242640,13912829,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,godlikegaming1996,This game is simply a must have! It is incredibly fun and a great time waster lol.
76561197985238720,Recommended,242640,13919607,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,willywonka86,"Great stealth game, and is a great time playing this. The maps are huge and there's a lot of ways to navigate through the levels.Not much else to say, except, to just get it and try it yourself."
,Recommended,242640,13856986,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Wombat,A really fun stealth game.
76561197984029286,Recommended,242640,13838195,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,tyriaan,"Great stealth game! If you were as disappointed in the new Thief game as I was, this game can help make up for it."
76561198048045273,Recommended,242640,13539574,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Richard Gerwulf,I'm a GOBLIN10/10
76561198095985841,Recommended,242640,15628397,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ARSFACE,love it. metal gear meets assassins creed meetseddie murphy
76561198079278295,Recommended,242640,15843967,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Darquan,"I was never much into jumping puzzle games, or stealth games and I don't like that every game has collectibles now.And yet, I want to go this game through.At first I was charmed by the protagonist. I love his looks, I sympathize his headaches, I like the fact he acts and talks according to the story so far, as if he has god nothing to lose.I like pace of the game. My reflexes are not good for all those hack and slash games, so having to sit there and wait for a guard to pass is okay with me.I like the rewarding for solving those jumping puzzles. At first I was trying to leave no man alive, and next moment I try to go undetected.The question is, why most skills in the game are for killing, if game rewards for stealth the most?Yes, the game is rather simple, but I like that, too. I want just that much tension to relax after hard day at work.I like level design. It does seem like they mean something, even though they are obviously puzzles and sometimes those make you wonder, ""Hey, how did they get there if there's no stair?"" But you don't have time for sightseeing. Sometimes guard change their patrol route, often after reload and you have to solve puzzle again.I hope further in the game there would be no more timing based puzzles. So far, so good."
76561198023395845,Recommended,242640,14068891,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,magic hjalti,this is are fun game and are nice stealth game usually i do not like stealth games but this one is good and hardcoer
76561198105765375,Recommended,242640,14374350,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,in.radu,Hardcore stealth game.Recommend it!
,Recommended,242640,13827665,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Hariwulf,"Just one of the best stealth game ever made.Grim, funny and brain stimulating.Plus, it looks and sounds good.Warmly recommended!Edit:After keeping returning and playing I have to add:Game of the year 2014 for me!"
,Recommended,242640,14941277,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Agent Havoc,"Styx seems to draw some inspiration from Thief, but (so far) without the nuances that turned me off of the original Thief series, such as uninteresting level design and bugs (defects.. not insects).  And it has the parts I enjoyed most such as witty and a variety of goals.  Huge pluses for me include very open level design and skills."
76561198030780724,Recommended,242640,15384334,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,scottman,"Good game, although incomplete with the following unfixed bug, the replay mission for the first level works if you've completed the second level.  Very good graphics and gameplay aside from the bug.http://steamcommunity.com/app/242640/discussions/0/613938575180403102/"
76561198029936218,Recommended,242640,15255689,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,egghead,sneak snake
,Recommended,242640,15242811,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,xNECROx,"Yum! A delightfully polished game with smooth controls, animation and variety. I prefer this over Dishonored which I had already defeated at this point. I like that the main character is so weak and avoiding combat is so vital. I love the clone and how much thought and reloading the game can go into killing a single enemy."
76561198026142389,Recommended,242640,15219705,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Culianu,"A very nice little stealth game, with a decent challenge. Worth it."
76561197972309951,Recommended,242640,15447214,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,scorpius,a stelth game with a diferent flavour than the usual deaus-ex and splinter cell. playing a goblin sneaking in he middel of self right human make you go on the other side of the looking glass in a very original way. a must have!
,Not Recommended,242640,15362229,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Frappy Wet,"just not very funThe gameplay is very repetitive and the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You can count on walking right in front of enemies, still stealthed, killing another enemy then getting spotted by a sniper on a rooftop in the next town over, alerting the invulnerable (no really, there are enemies you can't kill) guards that 1-shot you that you also can't run from. GGIf  you get caught you might as well reload because there is no ♥♥♥♥ing way you can kill more than 2 enemies in a ""duel"".Not worth a downright extortionate £25. Maybe get it for a fiver."
76561198053539959,Recommended,242640,15238897,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Clay Kaczmarek,"An absolutely fantastic game!Amazing storylineGreat graphics and gameplayGood level designAverage AIBad cutscene lip-syncingThings to change in the sequel.... Roaches! Either get rid of them or have them attack humans as well, god I hate roaches!"
76561198059641737,Recommended,242640,16018085,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sevrin,"It's a great game. I'm still confused as to the order of events in the early game and who was being interrogated exactly, along with what happened to get them into the interrogation room, how they got out etc, however the story is still a good one.The stealth game play is great and the maps are pretty cool, however there were a couple problems that could have really been done better. The first is that when you jump on to a ledge, sometimes it will automatically pull you back up and other times it wont, and it seems to be almost completely random. It would have made a lot more sense if it was always a manual activation to pull up on to ledges, along with a way to drop from a standing position into a hanging position.Second, the combat could really be improved upon. I don't see why you would get locked in to combat, why you can't just jump off a cliff and run away, or dive into a hole where they can't reach you.7/10 would highly recommend for any stealth game fans."
76561197983757969,Recommended,242640,14787090,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Fisher83,A Solid game if found at a discount.  I enjoyed the game but never got super into it.  But it was entertaining.  Certainly worth getting during a sale.
76561198045080783,Recommended,242640,13296038,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,L0stLP,"A great entry in the Stealth genre. The game does not disappoint with its large vertical levels that have many ways to approach (with some exceptions). Along with you’re small size that gives you access to places the guards can’t reach, you have the ability to turn invisible, wall hack and the only real innovation the game brings, the ability to create clones to use as a distraction.The story represents the origin of Styx, he is arrogant and treats everyone as expendable, for this reason he will have to face the consequences of his actions.The levels are well designed, in a way that if you just want to get to the end you can get there very fast, there are some token/coins that you can collect for some extra points for you’re skills, they are also the only reason to explore (could use more initiative) and not charge for the exit that is always highlighted. I played the game at goblin difficulty, when guards saw me I was pretty much dead, so I also went for the undetected approach(a lot of F5 and F9).Unfortunately after you pass the „High Security” level you prety much saw all the levels and now you will have to do them again in the oposite direction, but not in the same map order. The dificulty is increased ofcourse by placing more guards in key locations you can’t avoid, without being seen. The fact that I have to play the same levels again, with slight guard ajustments, does not make for a better level, if you beat it once you prety much know where all the paths are, unless the game decides that you have to take detours."
76561198046469572,Recommended,242640,14840055,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cyberϟam,"Tons of fun. I play this game, when I need a thinking game. I can slow down, assess the level, before progressing. I enjoy the graphics and game play, as much as the story. Pick this game up!"
76561197990238310,Recommended,242640,14999186,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,mjasa,Styx is the Master of shadows and is a stealth game like Thief and Dishonored. The game has a story and you can choose the difficulty and therefor play through more than once. Each level is just right in size and you can do just the story objective or the side objectives and take your time and look in every corner of the map. Play the same map again and discover new things do do and new routes to go. Many hours of sneaking around and exploring and for that Styx is a really good game.
,Recommended,242640,14709304,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,silvertemplar,"Surprisingly good. I have played the original Thief 1/2  and the recent Thief + Dishonored.  The recent stealth games have all thrown alot of action / combat and mobs and situations where stealth do not work (making it very linear ). In Styx , not so.  I have found a ton of ways to get to my goal, and it is quite clear you are not supposed to be in combat,  combat is clearly an absolute last resort (and it is not fun at all, so if you get into combat, you will most likely hate it) , which again, is good. So this is not like Assassin's  Creed or Hitman where if you get discovered you go ""oh well"" and you just kill everyone in combat...So in Styx the character is alot more acrobatic, which also means you will be climbing and jumping across ledges quite alot. This implies you generally have great ways to get past guards. So far i kinda like it. In Thief, your character is somewhat slow and not very climby, instead you had rope arrows and all kinds of gadgets. Styx is a bit more a of ninja , hopping, jumping , rolling and doing Assassin's Creed style take-downs (i.e. dropping from above for a kill)...he is also alot more murderous than Garrett , in fact there is not a ""knock out"" option in this game like in Thief.I think some might be concerned about the tombraider'ish ledge jumping, so far it has been fine since my character ""sticks"" to the ledges (like Assassin's Creed).In short, great stealth game which focus on stealth and clearly wants you to avoid combat, but at the same time made your character quite the acrobat to move very fast . Every mission is an open zone with alot of options , i.e. to kill everyone or to sneak (or even ninja style, go over everyone) past everyone.The AI is also VERY sensitive, they hear and see you quite easily (and predictably so) , even on normal difficulty (however there is at least a ""huh? what is that?"" phase if the guards did not quite see you) . This usually means all guards in area is instantly alerted.  So much like when i played Thief 1/2 , there is quite a bit of saving -> loading -> loading -> loading -> saving , going on (for me anyway, that's how i play) . At least the game allows you to save anywhere without limitations ."
76561197989467681,Recommended,242640,15990114,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Foxfire9,Simply a good buy! Fun game.
76561197998416026,Recommended,242640,13086518,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,zombilicious,"Excellent game!  To me, this is what the latest thief should have been.  It wasn't ""on rails"" like the latest thief - if I wanted to attempt a nonsensical jump, I could.  I know there have been complaints about the controls not being precise, but I think that is the trade off for the game not being on rails, and I will gladly give a few imprecise jumps over a game on rails.   I'll definitely be waiting for a sequel!  Nicely done, Cyanide!"
,Recommended,242640,12990627,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,S.O.B. class 1,"A very nice looking game made on the Unreal Engine, puts your tactical ability and real life puzzle solving skills to the test. simply put, your goal throughout the game is to navigate to your objective without drawing attention to yourself and getting killed. You have the option for stealth kills, or one on one duels. You may also skip killing entirely, although it makes the game overly difficult if you choose to do so. There are plenty of side objectives that aren't spelled out, at all. Finding tokens or the Relec in each series of levels.The gameplay is simple yet rewarding. While it does have an Assasins Creed feel, it is not a copy trying to play like AC. The stealth is well thought out, you're litteraly a ""master of shadows"" as you have a tattoo that lights up when you're hidden. NPC's will hear you, see you, and often find you if alerted to your presence. You also have clones at your disposal that can lure NPC's away from groups, scout out unknown area's, or smoke bomb NPC's so you can sneak past them.The game is very simple, no customization, no choice of weapons. The devolpers focused on gameplay, story, and quality rather than quantity. If you're after Call of Duty Assasins Creed, don't bother.I know there's tons I'm leaving out, but if you like games for the story and want to be challanged in a way you can enjoy rather than being angry, you can't go wrong for the price."
76561198084329057,Recommended,242640,13041117,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,cdiver636,Very cool. It's like MetalGear. Goblin style!
76561198049218496,Recommended,242640,13207735,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,piplop80,Most epic stealth game I have ever played.once i started i just couldnt stop.the story is great and you have awsome powers.this game gets a 10/10
,Recommended,242640,13192991,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Porokichin,It's ok
76561198002025581,Recommended,242640,13185112,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Koala_Vombatov,"Greatest stealth game I've ever played, it's even more immersive that were Thief 1&2. World is huge and adapted to stealth, Story is nice and solid, graphics are nice ( but not AAA  - it's like a bit enhanced  Dishonored) , -playing with mouse/keyboard and personally I had no control issues ( saw in some reviews, but I thinks it's fixed ) Put a sneaky goblin as a main hero instead of all these ""special forces big guys"" is priceless!   Only one thing all reviewers should remember - it's a stealth game, so there is almost no combat system, and its' ok! Anyway at hardest ""goblin"" difficulty you'll die as soon as a guard could be close enough to catch you.If you liked dishonored in stealth mode, thief1&2 - this game is for you for sure"
,Recommended,242640,13234302,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dragonbrand,Very good game. Love the concept. Love the protagonist. The twist in the middle of the game was nie and kept the story engaging. recommended
,Recommended,242640,13032614,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,periurban,"Sneak, sneak, douse wall torch, sneak, ambush, hide body, sneak through passage, hide under desk, lay trap with clone, become invisible to avoid detection, sneak, long throw a knife, sneak, sneak, grab coin, grab amber, overhear conversation, meet secondary objective, sneak, ambush, hide body, sneak, sneak, meet primary objective.Anyone see what's different about Styx?That's right, no combat. Oh, don't get me wrong, you can sneak up behind someone and kill them (unless they are a Knight or an Elf or one of those guys who can immobilise you from a distance….), but the only combat you have is a simplistic parry and riposte mechanism that frankly works so badly that I would imagine most players avoid it entirely.There are multiple development trees that let you upgrade Stix's skills, and the most redundant of those would appear to be the combat tree, which eventually reduces the precision required on the timing of your parry. If you're never going to parry, why upgrade it, huh?Well, for a game that is predicated on stealth and the avoidance of confrontation, the ending of this game seems extremely ill advised since it is predicated upon that very skill. If you haven't upgraded your combat skill I'd estimate the chances of getting through to the end of the game are directly related to your ability to figure out the timing of the parry move, and since you probably arrived at this point without using it……… well, you get the point.I'm still going to recommend this game, because aside from the dumb ending the game is an absolute blast, and probably the best stealth game to date.As a design decision, the inclusion of any form of face to face combat was a mistake. It would have been better to save those animations and routines for a nice crossbow, or the ability to drop bricks on people's heads. What were the developers thinking? And making the ending about twitch timing just feels like a betrayal.But hey, maybe I just played the game wrong!"
,Not Recommended,242640,13231367,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Maxdoom,"When I saw the screenshots and the trailer, I thought that Styx: Master of Shadows is a really epic game. It looked like it had something from the first Assassins Creed but a darker atmosphere.I was really dissapointed. The game feels like the devs were really trying but the special something something that gives the atmosphere is missing.The proportions and ingame atmosphere is everything else than epic, the graphics are alright but theres so much more they could have done, it just feels empty sneaking through the levels. There's a big lack of backgroundsounds, interaction with the world and no characters grow onto you because the conversations and stuff has been made kinda loveless and characters all look the same.That would make it a mediocre game that could finish just for the sake of finishing but theres one really big flaw -The AI. The enemies in this game are really primitive. For example: You can run at unarmed enemies which will cause them to look at you and scream shortly, when you're hidden again they will just continue cleaning the ground/looking at books or whatever like nothing ever happened. The armed enemies will follow you shortly or throw knifes at you when they can't reach you, but as soon as you're hidden they'll just  keep running their paths, maybe they have their swords drawn now and spot you 1/10 second quicker. The dumb AI also makes the clones useless for me, because if I want to distract enemies with them they'll just instantly return to their post after they killed the clone. They don't wonder where it came from, they are okay with the fact that it vaporizes in front of their eyes, nothing.But its tons of things like this that make the game feel so empty. The ""shiny mechanisms"" of being able to clone yourself, having a special vision to highlight things or turning yourself invisible for a brief moment don't change anything about that, they have been done a thousand times before and probably a thousand times they were implemented better.This game isn't bad, but its not good either. Its boring and whoever says its the ""stealth game of the year"" or gives it a rating beyond a 6/10 has never played classic stealth games like the old thief, splinter cell, hitman or deus ex series.This isn't worth 30 Euros and I think it's bordering on impudence to charge this much money for it.It's not even that I have a personal hatred against this game, I try to enjoy it really hard but I can't, which is almost sad. If the devs put a little bit more persistance (creating an AI for the sake of fun and challenge in game and not for the sake of having an AI) and creativity (it needs more than graphics and 20 levels out of the same map parts to make a game world feel alive) in the creation of this game it really could have been a big seller. But it isn't because the game doesn't ""mesmerize"" or ""enthral"" you, it doesn't fascinate you.The trailer and pics, unfortunately, did fascinate me in the first place."
,Recommended,242640,13219502,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Pointy Stick,"Styx is a hardcore stealth game.  If you liked games such as the original Thief series (which you should, because they're great) then this may be for you.  However, it can be frustrating!The graphics in this game are great: impressive, grand and smooth.  The sound and music is good as well, as is the presentation in general.The main character is charismatic and nimble (although it's occasionally irritating when ledges are involved), which is good because the guards in this game are pretty good at spotting you when you make too much noise or aren't in the shadows.  I found myself doing the good ol' quicksave-quickload dance too often for my liking.The stealth options are satisfying, with skill trees to aid in this.  In later levels, I found the skill tree options to be essential for getting through some situations.  At a basic level, though, stealth-based options like the ability to extinguish torches from a distance are a nice touch.There are combat-oriented skills but I've been stealthing/ghosting through levels, as is my wont, so can't really comment on that.After a strong first few levels, it becomes slightly repetitive (both in level design and actual gameplay).  The formula itself, though, is strong enough that it can get away with it for the most part.If you're into hardcore stealth games then give this a go as it's imaginative, uncompromising and rewarding.  If you're looking for a generic platformer then other games may be more suitable."
76561198087399375,Recommended,242640,13154417,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,inchofsalt,"This game is just plain fun. If you are looking for encouragement to buy this game, then stop right here and BUY IT. I'll wait.OK! Now that it's downloading, read on!You will like this if you are a stealth fan. You will like it even more if you are a goblin fan! This game made me love the greenskins even more than I already did <3<3<3The stealth elements are fun, which is good, because this is a stealth game and you gotta stealth through this. There is no option to get into a brawl with a dozen guards if you stealth-fail and a guard spots you and raises the alarm. There are multiple options to get around guards and situations, and if you're ballsy enough, you can do it no problem. As you go along and increase your stats, it gets easier, especially when you acquire the level on the stealth tree that allows you to be invisible indefinitely while remaining still.The gameplay is all well and good, but I really enjoyed the STORY. Without spoiling anything, this just gets BETTER several times as♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down. There was one part in the game where I had to stop and take a breather because everything I thought I knew was just turned around. I had a feeling it was coming, but the way it was handled was SO MUCH BETTER than I could have hoped. The story goes on and it gets better until the end, whcih is very satisfying.Now, because this is stealth, you may expect to spend a lot of time pressed up against walls and peeking around corners, waiting to pick out the guard's patrol pattern and identify any exploitable spots. You will also be saving and re-loading often for when that bloody guard notices you creeping about and raises the alarm (thus, killing your chance of a perfect no-detection run). This translates into many, many hours spent staring at Styx in all his green glory hanging off♥♥♥♥♥♥and peeking around things. After hours of gameplay, a couple elements began to stick out. Not necessarily BOTHERING me, but... well, after 80+ hours, I began to notice:- character designs get repetitive (not a big complaint, but just very noticeable when average guard #324 looks just like the smugglers I dealt with, and that guard in the prison, and the three guards in the distillery, and that prisoner, etc.)- overheard guard comments/conversations get repetitive. Aside from some brilliantly unique dialogue I could eavesdrop on, including people puzzling over what kind of creature I am, as I went, I eventually heard some librarians discussing how to classify me, and one suggested I should be a goblin (AWESOME!), it got tiring to hear so many different guards talking about the same things. How many snuffboxes were lost in a game of cards??- killed bodies violently flop and fly about after I kill them but before I can pick them up. Unhelpful if I'm trying to do this lickety-split before his buddy sees me. Flopping out of my reach and into a live guard's line of sight is unhelpful, dead body.- dead bodies' interactions with solid objects is hit and miss. some bodies' heads disappeared into the walls they slumped against, other bodies fell through floors to land on the levels below (thus, hindering my attempts at a no-bodies discovered playthrough.These are minor quibbles, which only really became big because I plugged so much of my life into playing this. Really, though, this game is super-satisfying and you just might enjoy it, too!"
76561197974872538,Recommended,242640,13154814,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,leebruk,"if you love stealth games, if you loved deus ex human revolution, this is the game for you"
,Recommended,242640,13154921,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,gnomepickle,"A great throwback to pure stealth gaming and really very enjoyable to play. The graphics are great, the story is engaging, and the difficulty is just right.My only complaint is that the game isn't very stable. Once I get it running I'm golden, but in order for that to happen I have to boot it into safe mode first. No idea why this is."
,Recommended,242640,13013890,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DragonFax,"Loving it.Love the story telling. Love the fact that they made a prequel to Orcs and Men. Love the characters. Love the stealth. Love the level designs.Everyone is correct that the controls are too picky. Sometimes ledge grabs are hard or impossible to make. Dropping down properly can be difficult as well. But the game doesn't hold your hand like some other stealth games do. You have far more ledges you can use (practicaly all of them), and far more platforming you can do. Other stealth games seem to have to script every surface that your allowed to use. Not this game. It seems to go by the geometry instead making it somewhat more realistic."
76561198012551368,Recommended,242640,13013950,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Crimzon187,"Was surprisingly fun, the game was a bit short, but in all honesty id play a Sequal if they came out with one! Worth the money worth the time and the storyline for me was pretty epic.Combat is a little bit harder since you cant just out right kill, it has to be  a stealth kill or you have to parry the enemy to get a kill. That made the game quite difficult, but best thief game ive played so far. Especially since its 3rd person and not crappy 1st person nausea"
76561198049987824,Recommended,242640,13099452,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Nalitis,"Pretty good game for the money. Storyline is a mess, even when the ending tries to sort it all out. Nothing amazing out of the AI. Decent graphics. Entertaining game play (What's not to like about playing as a goblin?!). Few issues with game mechanics, but nothing that makes the game unenjoyable. Different levels of difficulty makes the game challenging.I would pay to play another Styx... (Prequel or a sequel)"
76561198114084018,Recommended,242640,13100343,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Zamor-4K,"I'm always looking for a good stealth game... And Styx : Master of Shadows is, without a doubt, one of the best I played so far. It's challenging, you can try different strategies to complete a mission and the enemy's AI is pretty good. You'd rather not get into a fight in this game, or your chances of getting wrecked will be quite high. So better stay in the dark..."
76561198120767595,Recommended,242640,12867328,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,wesen,"At first I was mildly put off by the slightly wonky controls (jumping is usually taking a gamble), but I was quickly caught by the gigantic free levels, as well as by the crappy AI, which *requires* you to be extra stealthy. It was tremendous fun, more fun than all the AAA games I played this far (I'm a relatively new gamer). The levels are a bit repetitive at times, and towards the end I found myself just rushing through them, but I truly enjoyed this. The story is actually pretty nice too."
76561197979851880,Recommended,242640,12431592,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Doubtful,"This game was a surprise gem, and I'm very glad I took notice of it--for once, the Steam discovery queue did something right! I'd give it 9/10, having finished what feels like about 40-50% of it.In terms of game mechanics, it does a lot of things right, stealthwise, and is pretty unforgiving in terms of getting caught.Unable to defend yourself except in the most basic, one-on-one manner, if you get caught your only recourse is to run--if you can.  You will get locked into direct combat with your nearest melee attacker if they get close enough, and it is very difficult to roll, duck, and dodge far enough away to escape.In terms of detection, EVERYTHING in this game makes sound, and there are some critters that have hyper-sensitive hearing (though blind) that really change the way you have to approach stealth.  Worse, sometimes those critters are mixed in with normal, human enemies who AREN'T blind.You can bump into chairs and other loose objects while hiding under a table, alerting nearby guards to something suspicious nearby.  If you keep it up or make a loud enough series of noises in succession, they may come dashing toward you and fully alert almost instantly.Enemies can also pull you out of hiding spots where in other games you'd be perfectly safe (even if the enemies saw you go in).  Not so in Styx; if a guard sees me duck into a chest to try and escape, he'll open the chest, drag me out, and throw me on the ground, engaging combat.The game rewards you for completing main, secondary, and minor, tertiary goals by awarding skill points that you can spend (with a free respec system in place) on enhancing existing abilties or adding new ones, and the set of tools at your disposal are fairly interesting.The most unique aspect of this game I've encountered is the ""clone"" ability, which lets you make a rather odd ghoul-like clone of yourself that can squeeze through some openings you can't, can ambush enemies from certain forms of hiding spots, and can grab onto an enemy to bind it for a short time while you run past or approach to kill it.If your clone is ""fully"" detected, it still counts as being detected for purposes of a perfect stealth run, but you can use it to distract enemies and then destroy it (make it disappear) to give you time to sneak by.I lied.  Your clone can be totally, completely detected, and this does not affect your achievement/skillpoint runs for purposes of having been detected. :)Overall, this game far exceeded my best expectations, and it's only significant flaws are that the climbing/grappling/platforming system can be a liiiittle strange compared to conventional approaches, some of the jumps are a bit difficult (but still based on skill and timing), and the voice acting/storytelling are a little on the weak side.But Styx is just FUN to play, and the option to replay a mission to mop up any goals you missed the previous time is a nice way to add replay value.  You do not have to complete ALL objectives in one run (or re-run), either.  You can carefully, slowly murder every guard in the place and gather every collectible one run, and do a sneaky, pacifist replay on a second, if you wish!Totally worth it, especially at its current 20% off sale price."
,Recommended,242640,12877523,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,❂ mandRA |,"This game is really awesome ! Indeed, not perfect but what game is ?"
,Recommended,242640,15026734,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Locrin,"First game in a long time to actually grab my interest and facinate me. When you've been a gamer for 20 years you sometimes get tired of games. Especially since the games industry sometimes feel devoid of fresh ideas, but then something fun and interesting like Styx comes along and you are a little kid again.♥♥♥♥♥♥Jokes and murdering.This game is campy and fun, it has silly jokes and silly characters but it still manages to have an interesting story and cast.Gameplay.The game controls well. Movement is tight and responsive, switches and items are easy to use. Magic abilities work very well and whatever complaints I have seen others talk about must have been patched out since everything works perfectly for me. I am playing with a mouse and keyboard.Graphics.They are okay, some of the scenery is pretty, but you won't be blown away by anything .Difficulty.I have not gotten that far yet, but I feel it might be a bit easy. I die a lot and save often but I rarely find situations where I have to think about what to do next. I am playing on the hardest difficulty (Goblin) and it feels like how normal should feel. This could be attributed to the awesome open layout of the huge maps or your completely overpowered abilities (invisibility will always be overpowered).Entertainment value.High. This is a fun game and you should get it if you like acrobatic stealth games."
76561198102054524,Recommended,242640,15100001,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ThomasTheDankEngine,"Simple gameplay, but nothing short of amazing. Great customization options, great story, and basically everything I was looking for but didn't get in the Thief reboot. If you have the patience to wait, are smart with ability usage, and love stealth games, then this is for you."
76561198183099086,Recommended,242640,15031889,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Zo,"This is a very hard stealth game. But it's worth spending your money on but you need a lot of patience to play this game or else you won't like it. It is a very relaxing and exciting game. You can't rush through the game itself. You need lots of careful planning. It will take you many hours just to complete a mission. The killing and assassination of the enemies are awesome. There are lots of ways in killing your enemies but it all depends on careful planning. The most important trick in this game is to upgrade your skills. Once all your skills are fully upgraded, killing your enemies will be very easy. And always remember to ""SAVE"" your data as often as possible. The best way is to save your game before each killing act. If you fail, you can reload your save data and try other method. Overall this is an awesome game with lots of careful thinking and puzzles...."
76561198023773906,Recommended,242640,14814231,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,homie202,This game is plain and simple a blast to play. The stealth in it is done VERY well. The powers you obtain as well are loads of fun to use. If you are at all interested in stealth or fantasy games give this a look.
,Recommended,242640,15149176,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Davidious,"I loved the concept, but the game had some major flaws.If another one came out, I would probably get it also because I enjoy rogue/stealth/thief based games.Issues:1> I could not finish the last fight to end the game because I did not have enough amber to go invisible. I also did not have any daggers.2> The limitiing amount of attacks makes this game very lame, and constantly having to redo portions because if you dont get the exact hit off right, thats it you die. Start over. Only way to kill face to face is to parry, but if you miss, you are dead. You can't attack if there are 2 mobs together because one would kill you while you parry x3 in order to get a kill shot in.3>  Fun graphics, tunnels, charachters, wall climbing abilities and such.Would I recommend it again? Not to everyone."
,Recommended,242640,16205896,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Luke the Human,"Styx is a great stealth game, with a sharp story set in a fresh and interesting renaissance-fantasy world - but it isn't very polished.It's only about 10-20 hours long for one normal playthrough. Seven missions which can each be done in under 45 minutes if you know what you're doing and never mess up. Each mission goes a few areas of the city, so that you end up approaching and old area from a different angle in a later mission quite often. This might sound cheap or repetative on paper, but it's quite fun to replay areas with a diferent set of guards and objectives, and thus a totally different strategy for getting through alive. This is especially enjoyable as the areas are extremely wide and vertical, and full of possibilities to proceed. Freedom in this game isn't about choosing from a branch of linear paths, but approaching the objective in whatever way you choose at the time.I played on the hardest difficulty, Goblin mode, which I highly reccomend. On this difficulty, stealth is your only tool, as you cannot win a fight against any armed and alerted guard, as you can on any lower difficulty. I believe this adds a certain focus to your playstyle, making every success a tactical victory; rather than a lucky save after a tactical blunder.At first, your only tool is sticking to the shadows and out of sight. Soon enough, you'll get your dagger for backstabs, and you can later unlock kills from cover, kills from above, and kills from below. There are throwing knives and a few abilities that use 'amber' (magic): a disposable clone that can explode into a smoke bomb or pin enemies in place, and an upgradable invisibility spell that is often useful in a pinch. In other words, there are enough abilities to add a good deal of extra possibilities to deal with any situation, without being overloaded with options - and in the end, these powers are always only worth resorting to when plain old sneaking around isn't going to be enough.One of the game's best features is the story, which surprised me about halfway through with a brilliant plot twist that is set up well with misleading tropes (such that even the genre-savvy player has a good chance of being surprised). The world in which the game is set is a fresh spin on classic fantasy elements, that doesn't take itself too seriously or try to shove mystic babble down your throat; but still offers and immersive enough setting for the game to be enjoyable and interesting to play. Not to mention the endearing novelty of playing as a goblin, the fantasy genre's mook among mooks.One of my main gripes with the game is its repetative soundtrack. The few tracks it has were quite good, but I felt like a sountrack with more elements and motifs could add a lot to the story. The animations and voice acting are both pretty average to poor as well, especially with characters often taking the same pose over and over in cutscenes, and lips not even attempting to match the words being said. The graphical style is also fairly average, and doesn't really do much justice to the interesting and attractive design concepts of the characters and locations, which could have looked far better with a more striking art style in my opinion, saying that, they definately suceeded in creative a dark atmosphere without resorting to overly murky colours. So the colour design at least gets a pass. These are all minor details though, and hardly detract from the main elements of the game. The game could be far more polished in these minor points, but at its core it does everything right for what it wants to be, and that's what's important.So for an interesting little delve into a fresh fantasy world, and enjoyable stealth gameplay in expansive areas rich with tactical opportunity, Styx is a great game.Don't expect it to be the next best thing, but nevertheless I highly reccomend playing it to anyone who enjoys the stealth genre."
,Recommended,242640,16197767,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,UkeFromHR,"I just finished the game. O my god, such a good story. This game has a lot of option for being what ever kind of goblin-rogue you want to be. You can kill every one and find all the secrets, or sneak by without being noticed. You can zip through the game, or take your time and do secondary objectives. Each mission has its own replayability for at least 2 times. The story makes you empathize with the character and hate the antagonists. I demand a sequel. I can't to play more from this studio. Stop reading and buy this game."
76561198039064303,Recommended,242640,13738361,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ncolascello,"The game is outstanding and a very nice experience for people that like stealth games (like me).I haven't finished the game yet but here is my opinion on the good stuff:* You play as a goblin.* The game is very dynamic,you have multiple ways to reach the same objective and you have multiple ways to do it,either killing someone or not,going by the roof or not,using your special abilities or not.* The game is very challenging,specially in the hard mode.* Nice history and atmosphere.* Resources are scarce,so you will have to think before trying something stupid.That's it guys,a simple nice stealth game,I recommend.PS: Sorry if my english is very bad,I'm don't speak english."
,Recommended,242640,16200479,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mendu,"I invested a few solid hours in this game, and it's pretty incredible. There are some technical problems here and there (spotted for no reason etc) but they were few and far between. It may say something negative about my character, but I found the game was most entertaining when I would find ways to kill pesky NPCs in well-lit areas, or with friends watching their backs. I made a habit of wiping out every living thing for the first few levels, and it was a riot. Unfortunately, I ultimately lost track of the story after only a few short hours, and (for myself anyway) if I don't care about the story, I will never finish the game. Don't get me wrong though, you should for SURE play it if you enjoy 3rd person stealth games, you won't be disappointed, just don't expect an awful lot of plot (at least for the first few hours).TL;DRIt's really good, and if you think it looks good from the trailers, you won't be let down. Graphics, controls (used an xbox controller), and level design are all really top notch."
,Recommended,242640,16413505,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Raging Reimu,"Time is money, friend.Are you threatening me!?"
76561198040295426,Recommended,242640,16420350,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,diegzumillo,"I'm a stealth lover so I'm really trying to love Styx. But it's hard. It does several things right, I absolutely love the character! I'm so sick and tired of Vin Diesel in every ♥♥♥♥ing game. But here's a fun, interesting character in an original story.The climbing mechanics is actually well designed, as in the idea is great, but the implementation leaves to be desired. When you are hanging from a hook, for instance, the camera positions itself in a way that you can see surrounding climbing options and moving your direction keys shows you where the jump key will take you. It's pretty clever! but that's as far as it goes. Say a guard is getting close and you want to climb down the ledge. Well, to do that you have to fall off the ledge, quickly move towards it (the usual jerking back and forth we are used to do in platformers) and then it grabs the ledge. But that's not all! if you do that he will climb back up automatically, defeating the whole point. No, you have to press jump and hold in order for it to keep holding the ledge and not climb back up. Another annoying thing in the platforming mechanics is ledge movement, it doesn't turn corners, it doesn't follow slight changes in height etc.Oh well, platforming is awkward but not game breaking in my opinion. The level design is the problem I have. Now, I praise the open ended nature, the multiple paths, it's exactly what lacks in today's stealth games (including Thief4). So they got that going for it. But it's the wide open spaces I don't like. Since we are talking about stealth, let's see how Thief approached level design. Corridors and small rooms. You could sit in a dark corner and study the patrol routes of the local guards. Every now and then you had open spaces and these were the dangerous parts. When you are in the open there are way too many variables to keep in mind, you never know how many guards are around you, it's too big! let alone who has the angle to spot you, and the distance, and your visibility. I keep getting spotted by people I have no idea where they are! At any point you can spot a dozen guards moving around. It's absolutely overwhelming and goes against what makes stealth gameplay fun.Maybe this is one of those games where stealth is not supposed to be your first option, instead you have to cause mayhem or kill the guards silently, I don't know. The open spaces certainly seem to support that, but that's not how I tried to play it. And I do believe games have right and wrong ways to be played. I could be playing it wrong, just like my buds used to try and assault Lord Bafford's mannor using the bow and arrow and I would laugh at their feeble efforts.Since I have to pick between yes and no, I'll go with YES just because I think more people should try it. It's interesting, different, and I might just not be for ghost stealth players like me."
76561197996164383,Recommended,242640,16247906,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Zelarion,"Great game, Many different tactical options, kinda makes me wanna play a Goblin in world of warcraft as a Rogue lolol.... great game"
76561198001251929,Recommended,242640,16264314,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,KasperKyd,"My net was down and I've been playing this game offline that's why the playtime hours won't show.What an amazing stealth game, I enjoyed every moment of it, I think this must be the Thief game, and it could be Prince of Persia somehow, it's a mixture of many games.The only thing I don't like that is you will play the levels again going backward with the story, but it wasn't boring at all with new messions and for the price, it's a MUST GAME."
,Recommended,242640,14514600,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,crisgrossi,Styx is a nice game. The parkour skills are good and the graphics are great.
,Recommended,242640,14847378,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SenselessEmu,If you enjoy spititng on peoples fruit. Then this one is for you.
76561198112600914,Recommended,242640,14860722,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,⛲άΏɖⲨ⛅,".....I love everything about this game. The 3ft assassin (no muscle bound hero here..a big+), the stealth & tools of his trade....very individual. The level design is outstanding, large, varied & is there for you to use to your best advantage. Love the British accents/dialogue...another big plus. I don't go into a stealth game looking for 'combat' options...they just about don't exist in Styx...yeah...another big +++...stealth or die basically. I love stealth games..ie..Splinter Cell Blacklist...to me this is kinda up there but in it's own excellent style.... A def' recommend here :-)"
76561198019090860,Recommended,242640,14860828,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,rsknight,Must play if you like stealth games.
76561198012852661,Recommended,242640,14888613,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Johnny Waffles,"This game was fantastic and everything I thought it would be, the stealthy gameplay, assassinations, and great story. My first play though I went slow and killed everyone without setting off any alerts (Insignia of the Shadow). I searched every corner of each map and found all the coins along the way (Insignia of the Thief). I also made sure to complete any secondary objectives and complete most of the achievements. Took me 50 hours (I said I went slow) to complete the story. Then I went back and re-played each missing as fast as possible (Insignia of Swiftness) without killing anyone (Insignia of Mercy).Definitely got my money's worth."
76561198010036492,Recommended,242640,14930462,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,HoneySuckle,"Styx: Master of Shadows, is one of the best games i have EVER played. I tend to hardly enjoy, or not enjoy stealth based games. But this was completely different. I had immense amouts of fun throughout the whole game. I have very few negative feelings or thoughts about the game. To proove how amazing this game is, i'd have to say the worst aspect of this game is aethetic. When you 'win' / finish the game. You can replay missions as the Styx you've been playing as throughtout the whole game. I would like to see a Styx with padded armour, more knives, e.g. The Styx we see in the trailers, the main menu. I feel a bit ... undervalued, once i've compelted the game and i still remain as this styx with half a cloak and a knife.I do have to say that this is an amazing game though, incredible, absolutely incredible. 9/10."
76561198000256763,Recommended,242640,12480330,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,abvolt,"Great stealth game, huge world and has lots of possibilities for your actions, but this game has a verypoor combats system. Very fun game and at this price you really can't go wrong.. Styx: Master of Shadows is as pure a stealth game as they come."
76561198068047040,Recommended,242640,15004118,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Widersacher,"Nice stealth game - I enjoy it very much. Multiple paths lead to your goal, and the graphic is apealing ..."
76561198070432818,Recommended,242640,14297142,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Zumzar TheJazzRat,"A bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at times, otherwise very fun 6/10"
,Recommended,242640,26984775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DirtMagnet,"Epic Stealth Game! I love stealth games such as thief 1 up to thief 4, Splinter cell series, and many more. Styx: Master of Shadows is one of the greatest Stealth game so far. I will be waiting for the prequel of this game.has lots of uniqueness in the gameplay. especially its humor. XD10/10. grab it and now while it's still on sale (Nov. 24, 2016)"
,Recommended,242640,27088231,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dreamer Awake,"One of the best modern stealth games hands down. Takes a lot of ques from Thief and some newer stealth games, but set to a unique, beautiful and well written world and then polished with obvious care. 9/10."
76561198002296192,Recommended,242640,27041879,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oria,"Great stealth game with an awesome story and atmosphere. It has new original abilities to help you succeed (Use your clone to jump on a guard to distract him while you sneak and backstab...), and a few plot twists which I was not expecting."
76561198018776982,Recommended,242640,26684175,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,[TUF],"i5 4570, gtx770, 2x4ddr3, win10 64Plays with no issues at ultra/highest settings.  60+ fpsEasily a high 4/5 Star game in the $10 pile.  Later levels are frustratingly difficult.  Beautiful graphics, crazy story line.  Makes you feel like a dirty goblin."
76561198061588857,Recommended,242640,26882149,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,McSpanky,"A very fun yet difficult game if you just wanted a run of the mill stealth game. If you were expecting to fight your way out of a situation when you are caught you have come to the wrong place, this game is almost PURE stealth. You are a small goblin that poses little to no threat to anyone in a head to head fight, but stealth and the shadows are your key to victory."
76561198168316577,Recommended,242640,25826232,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BLOODLORD13,"It has its flaws, particularly on the platforming side, but if you're a a fan of stealth games, there is a ton of fun to be had. The level design is emaculate and though challenging, the feeling of acomplishment upon evading a room littered with guards without a single one seeing you is wholely rewarding."
76561198079676268,Recommended,242640,25506584,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Addler,"This game is one of the hardest stealth games ever.  You will die after a few hits even on eazy diff and on hard you will die after one hit.  You can not soak damage. The controlls are a little buggy. Lastly the story is good.If you want a challenge buy it, if you want easy pass."
76561197984667560,Recommended,242640,25539803,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,nathant43,Straight up Stealth Game.  IE combat sucks but the creeping around and sneaking past stuff is worth the play through.
,Recommended,242640,25496244,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,XxxWatari,Great game.
76561198076378556,Recommended,242640,25497072,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,AdiRema,"I was showing a friend of mine this game last night, he is into FPS and very heavy action oriented games, and his response after 10 minutes of me playing was, ""Man, this game is quiet.""  I then explained that I'm very passive in stealth based games, killing as few as possible and that you could potentially (I have not finished the game yet, so I'm not 100%) finish the game by killing every single thing you walk past if you so desire.  It is always nice when a stealth based game comes out in my opinion.This game's storyline seems to be pretty full, but the characters I find a little more witty than I would hope in the situations that they are in.  Then again, you do play Styx who is of an unknown origin at the point of the game that I am right now, maybe there is reason for him to have so much wit.  All in all, worth the $5-$10 I spent to get this game."
54654653215646584,Recommended,242640,25465782,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Samselott,This game.. So gud.
76561198138112085,Recommended,242640,25480683,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,nells112358,"Excellent gameplay, very addictive."
76561197979005320,Recommended,242640,25955962,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Grimnir,Rough around the edges but a fantastic stealth game with a great story and about the best protagonist in gaming next to Gearlt of Riva
,Recommended,242640,27391284,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,macca-cool,"There is something satisfying about playing a goblin full of evil intent running around monsterous cathedral like structures whilst manipulating the inhabitants. An amazing and sadly underrated stealth game, worth every penny."
76561198036088587,Recommended,242640,24817445,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Grommash,Medieval-steampunk-frp version of Hitman with very nice new and creative stealth mechanics. Very good game if you like this genre.
76561198066422046,Recommended,242640,24768647,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Reddragon32145,Quite good.
76561197995437437,Recommended,242640,24835654,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sci Fi Samurai,"When I first saw this game I was like, “What? Is this grubby little goblin srsly the main character? Psh. Pass.”For once not listening to my finer judgments turned out for the better. This game is awesome, and I was stupid to dismiss it at first.I really like platformer games (like Mario) and stealth games (like Thief), and Styx weds both genres fairly well. I also really like dark, steam punk worlds and this is a good one. Finally, the story was pretty unique, and the protagonist really grew on me.I have 2 chief complaints: the first is that when you jump to a ledge, Styx automatically climbs up it UNLESS you are pressing the jump button. This is clumsy and unintuitive; he should naturally hang, and then jump up when you push the jump button. I swear dropping off a ledge was sometimes the hardest part of the game.The second was a lack of a first person mode that you could use to look straight up or down. Would have been helpful at times."
,Recommended,242640,24862972,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Slugeraryer,throwing knife sim (Y) Solid Game
76561198073872660,Recommended,242640,30848994,Posted: 31 March,all,Delos,Great stealth game.
,Recommended,242640,25050145,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ALF,Best Assassin's Creed game by far.
76561198160103730,Recommended,242640,13068858,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,byebye,"If you are looking for a great stealth game, where your every move spells either success or failure. Then Styx: Master of Shadows is the game for you.When people say that it is a stealth game, where you should avoid any form of direct confrontation. Then they are not kidding.On Normal you will have to be lucky to take out two enemies “at once”. Each combat is locked between you and your opponent, but other people around may still throw knives at you. Basically this game is your sneaky sneaky stealth challenge. The game has some twists and turns to the story and it all ends up with…I have found some minor path bugs in this game, nothing game breaking and a few ledge problems. All in all the controls are great and the game handles the challenge of being a solid stealth focused game, very well.You will be surprised, challenged and enlightened as you follow the path of Styx to reach the Heart of the Amber Tree.My best advice to you is a phrase from a good old D&D Thief “Keep to the shadows”."
76561197963698804,Recommended,242640,13250127,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,replicant_reject,"I haven't finished the game yet, but I have to say that is is one of the most refreshingly entertaining games I've ever played.  Everything I have experienced in the game thus far makes you think in a way that is challenging while remaining fun and rewarding. If you have some extra money and are looking for a new game, I would highly recommend this incredible title. 9.5/10"
76561198013156751,Recommended,242640,13277460,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,templestars,"Interesting game play, with a rich story and a huge new world. I recommend."
76561197987928601,Recommended,242640,13279706,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Hackmannin Kovanaama,"This game is easily one of the best stealth games i ever had played. Movement is smooth, jumping and grabbing from wall to another is enjoyable. Main character himself, Styx has awesome voice acting and humor. Maps are big and there is plenty of guards to kill which do have a very good AI. Game itself has 4 different difficulty levels. Steam achievements included and lots of collectable items inside every map. Skill tree system is simple and good as it is. This little goblin deserves stealth game of the year 2014 title big time. If u like games like Splinter Cells, Thiefs, Dishonored and so on, this one is a must buy game. I would rate it 9/10 cause of few minor bugs like ragdoll effects which they propably gonna fix soon since the game is brand new and every new game has some bugs at the beginning. Im still at the beginning of the game 9% completed and i have played it allready 10 hours so there is plenty to do. Game world itself is fascinating and u really get in to it easily."
,Recommended,242640,13283789,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ra_mull,"Great stealth game, the combat is a little simplistic overall. But It's not a game that your meant to fight, it's all about stealth. And has a very cool story to go with the artistic style of the game."
,Recommended,242640,13316203,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RobbesP,"Everyone, who likes stealth games, should pick this one up immediatly.I was hesitant at first because of the price, but I'm 20 hours in and haven't even replayed one mission for completionist goals yet.Yes, the controls are probably not as precise as they should be, but that only applies to the floaty jump and Styx behaviour while in the air. The sneaking part works very well.Also a special mention of the voiceork: It's fantastic. The voice actor, who plays Styx did an incredible job."
,Recommended,242640,13303859,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,VulpusAlbus,"This is what Thief 2014 should have been. The best stealth game of the last years. If it had been released 3 years ago, it would've been a bestseller.Pros:+ Good optimization, works at maximum settings in 1080p on a Core 2 + GF650Ti without flaws at  high frame rate.+ Level design. Although it's mostly ""get from Point A to point B"", there are always several ways to do it. The levels do not feel too linear. something between old Thief trilogy and Thief 2014, probably a level of Deux Ex revolution.+ Great main character. More charismatic that even Garreth. BTW, his prophanity is not safe for children.+ Stealth mechanics is simplier than in original Thief trilogy, but more fair and very satisfying.+ Side objectives and challenges for extra replayability.+ Skills are useful, but not a must.+ Fair acrobatics. Jump and fall wherever you like. Suck it, Thief 2014!+ Autosave plus manual saving system.+ Plays great with gamepad or keyboard+mouse.+ Several difficulty levels. Higher levels advised for experienced players as normal is just too easy.Cons:- Graphic is several years old. Effects are low, but design is good.- Only one flaw in acrobatics: not always obvious which edges can be hanged from.- I had 1 crash in 10 hours. Not much, but crashes are possible.- Physics is limited. Not all objects are interactable. Ragdoll is OK though.- A mix of animated cutscenes and slideshows.Summary: Highly recommended to those, who like old-school stealth games and can live with several years old graphics. I don't see any good alternatives after original thief trilogy. It plays good, feels lighter and more positive and fun than Thief. About the same level of difficulty and strategy involved. The game somewhat suffers from limited fundings, but other than that it's a jewel in stealth genre."
76561198010862444,Recommended,242640,13031176,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ridley,This is a really great stealth game. You can go out and just kill etc but there is a great gameplay element in using stealth rather than just murdering the guards. The graphics are astounding and the gameplay excellent - replayability is high as you can try different styles of gameplay to gain XP. Controls are well thought through - a sure 9/10 for me (can you get a 10/10??)
,Recommended,242640,13035813,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Dickiss,"Styx: Master of Darkness is the prequel to the game Of Orcs and Men. You play the character of ""Styx"", a ""Goblin"" who seems to have a weak memory and a nast headache. Styx is a 3rd person stealth game that provides a compleing story as well as solid gameplay. Levels are big and diverse, with many different routes that can complete the level. Enemy AI is okay, having played the gane on the hardest ""goblin"" difficulty, I can say that it provides a decent enough of a challenge. That being said you shouldn't find any area of the game too overwhelmingly difficult.There's combat, but I myself never use combat in stealth games, so I can't give too much insight on this, although it felt solid enough. OIverall if your looking for a good stealth game you really can't go wrong with styx. Story ran me 25 hrs, although I will with out a doubt play it again."
,Recommended,242640,12968129,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,LordMune,"It's all ♥♥♥♥ed-up and wonky and doesn't work right half the time, but it is a pure stealth game, which is rare these days. And some of the levels are really good. A+++"
,Recommended,242640,12968991,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,rucht,"Great stealth game, big level, multiple path .... if you like stealth game it's a must have !"
,Recommended,242640,12503829,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MrAptronym,"I am only a few hours in as I write this, but assuming the game doesn't suddenly pull a 180: If you like stealth games you should probably buy Styx.Styx is a stealth action agme about a goblin. Named Styx. (Which is cool, how many games have starred a goblin exclusively?) The stealth gameplay is great. You have the usual array of stealth protagonist abilities like stealth kills and super-vision, but Styx also has a neat clone ability. he can literally spit up a small flexible companion to distract enemies or climb through grates and solve puzzles. Its a neat twist, which is really what I like about Styx. It does the standard, expected stealth stuff, and it does it well, but it adds a twist.Combat is done with timed parries, when an enemy opens up, a single attack is all that is needed for a kill. Its a good system that makes fighting a single guard to make your getaway a possibility, but quickly punishes you if you get cornered. I like the deadly, high risk feel to it.The AI is done well, probably better than most stealth games. Maybe not quite as good as Ground Zeroes, but superior to dishonored and far superior to the new Thief. AI is a big factor in a stealth game, so getting it right is a major concern.The graphics are decent but not great. There are seams and nothing really looks super sharp, but the actual designs are consistent and good. It is here I think it shows that Styx isn't a massively budgetted AAA title. The game in no way looks bad though, despite some rather implausible architecture.Sound is done well. Nothing stands out as exemplary really, but its good. Styx's voice sounded weird for a goblin at first, but I grew accustomed quickly.I hope Styx does well, its good to have new blood in the stealth genre, and this is a solid, fun and unique entry. It keeps what you want, and throws in some twists."
76561197960275516,Recommended,242640,12504060,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,rek,"If you are into this type of game then I think this is an obvious buy. I've been enjoying it a good amount, more than steam would imply (it says 5 hours but I've definitely played near double that). There was a couple issues at launch which they addressed immediately with a patch, and now they've patched again addressing the other common complaints (such as adding more custom bind options and adjusting ledge detection).I would definitely recommend playing this game on the hardest setting. Even ""hard"" is far too easy from what I've seen of it - select goblin and stay goblin! You'll be forced to actually be sneaky instead of just EZ-mode ""press x to parry"" nonsense, because on goblin mode everything just instantly rapes you if you're caught in a bad situation. It does mean you'll be using save points and redoing situations a lot, but not anymore than you should expect. It gives you enough tools that you'll find yourself being risky and get caught for it, but it's by no means unfair (or even difficult as long as you show some amount of patience).It's well executed and succeeds at what it's trying to accomplish. Combine that with a developer who actually pays attention and patches known issues while responding to feedback and you have a game that I'm happy to support."
76561198081679197,Recommended,242640,12507232,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Snagdurkle,"I'm a noob to stealth games, and this was my first go at them.Styx showed that goblins are cool and so is this game10/10"
76561198012512028,Recommended,242640,12507422,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,CrazyF1r3f0x,"Competent stealth game where you play a goblin who sneaks around and stabs people. Platforming and controls can be awkward, and AI can be weak at times, but it is otherwise it is good."
,Recommended,242640,12507426,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Boxtacular,"REALLY GOOD STEALTH GAMEREALLY BAD FIGHTING GAMEPlease stop playing this like Assassin's Creed or GTA5, it's a STEALTH game. The entire point is to not be seen by any NPCs on every map. That said,Pros:-VERY GOOD STEALTH GAME/MECHANICS-Skill upgrades feel alright, not totally useless at least-Rewards player for actually doing challenges (with skillpoints... that upgrade good stuff)-Challenging-You can save at any time during levelsCons:-Sometimes the ledge-grabbing AI is garbage-Sometimes (rarely) the NPCs randomly see you while you're out of sight-Checkpoints are too far apart, so get ready to spam the save/load functions... with that said, there's no quicksave button, so you have to go through 2 menus to get to the save/load functions; for a game that is going to need a TON of reloading, this is bad"
76561197994806254,Recommended,242640,12507726,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,haider.ismail,"A very good STEALTH gameEmphasis on stealth. Old school Thief stealth, not Dishonored stealth"
,Recommended,242640,12516491,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,AbsentBird,"My absolute favorite stealth game. The story is fantastic, the gameplay is tense and challenging and the upgrades collected throughout the game are meaningful but not mandatory.Above all is the level design. In a true stealth game the level design is the most important part and that is something no game has done better."
,Recommended,242640,12517277,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Bazwah,"Everything you would want from a stealth game. You cannot get through this without being stealthy, it is not optional."
76561197967710775,Recommended,242640,12582797,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Atnas,"Styx: Master of Shadows caught me pleasantly off-guard with solid sneaking elements, a very interesting story and big, fairly open ended areas. Multiple paths and options means you wont be forced on a linear track to your destination (altough each zone has a clear end and start).Cyanide usually has so-so releases, but for me Styx was bugfree and worked like a charm. It's a prequel to ""Of Orcs and Men"", and there are definitely some twists and loops thrown into the story to keep it interesting!I'd give it 7,5/10, since it's a good stealth game but not amazing It can get a bit repetitive at times, and it's sorta short at roughly 15 hours, but I still feel it was a good purchase and I'd doubly recommend playing on the ""Goblin"" difficulty so you're truly forced to stick to the shadows and use diversions."
,Recommended,242640,12573872,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Littleman950,Help I can't seem to lower my resolution without it bugging out so if anyone cane help plz
,Recommended,242640,12500492,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,FellBear,styx master of shadows is one of the best games i have played i have done i lets play series if you whould like to see.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtBVNBOJS10u7pNahflxgMw
76561198044939992,Recommended,242640,12470160,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,123,"Styx: Master of Shadows is a very fun game and I highly reccomend it to people that enjoy games such as Hitman and Assassin's creed. The game takes a little getting used to with the parkour and mechanics. But other than that a solid game with good graphics, storyline and overall entertaining. Great! 8/8 mate!"
76561198033603958,Recommended,242640,12474925,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Chairman Meow,"Fantastic, and i've only played a few hours. Highly recommend."
76561197999964248,Recommended,242640,12475520,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,lele83x,"FINALLY a stealth games, fantasy based, with good stealth mechanics, great level design and a character who's for one f---ing time not a cool supermodel aimed at 15 years old emos. Thank you for this great game."
,Recommended,242640,12406702,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Steve Harvey Oswald,"A game known by not too many, although once gaming websites and steam report on it more people will know that this game is AWESOME. Although it is unforgivingly hard, it does the stealth genre justice. Play on Goblin difficulty for the most fun btw. 8.5/10."
,Recommended,242640,12406917,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,LordPixels,"This game is very smooth and has the right amount of difficulty to it. I'm just a casual player so I'm playing it on easy and even on that, making a mistake can cost you your life. So I hope luck is granted to those playing on Hard or Goblin.All in all, a very well made game. Well worth $30, but take advantage of the sale."
76561198046831849,Recommended,242640,12407480,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Rogue,"Last year I was incredibly excited for the new Theif game to come out. When I finished it, I was utterly disapointed, the game lacked in all areas, and focused on stealth, but failed to achieve. Styx on the other hand is everything I wanted. This is a serious stealth game, and serious means that it is really hard, you will die and fail many times. I highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a classic stealth game, or someone who wants a comeback from the latest Thief game."
,Recommended,242640,12407545,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Akuun,"Styx is a beautiful game with nice stealth mechanics. It does however have some short comings in it's initial release.First the controls, while in most cases they work fine and are quite responsive, in other cases it feels like things could have been added or tweaked. Some examples are a lack of a button for dropping from ledges, instead you have to walk off and quickly press towards the ledge, but not too quick or you just walk back on to it. Another problem here is that some ledges don't seem to allow you to grab on, so you fall to your death.Parrying is another issue, even though I was on easy to just get a feel for the game play first, I find the parry mechanic to be brutal. It lacks any indication of when to parry, and each attack and enemy seems to have it's own timing to learn. There seems to be no slack in timing for lower difficulty levels.Another thing that could be improved is the tutorial level. While I'm not a fan of too much hand holding even in tutorials, it feels like the tutorial stage is just as brutal as the rest of the game, and seems to leave a little too much guessing or trial/error to the player.[edit] One other issue I forgot about in this review was being locked in combat, not sure if there is a way to disengaged, as no onscreen help has made note of it, but I find it a bit jarring when this happens, and find it impossible to get away unless I kill the target.[/edit]If like me, you can over look these early shortcomings, Styx is a fun game that will keep you on your toes, and on a look out for the many various routes one can take to achieve their goals."
76561197995243102,Recommended,242640,12408156,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mugatu,"The game is surprisingly good.  First and foremost this is a stealth game, don't even try to fight your way out of encounters.  The maps are well thought out and there is always more than one angle of attack.  Coming into a room and seeing all the other ways you could have entered is quite refreshing.  Exploration is definitely rewarded.  When you add in the various abilities of Styx, there are so many different ways you can go through this game it's ridiculous.Some people report trouble with the controls, I use a controller and I couldn't see playing this game without one.  Haven't run into any issues reported in some of the more negative critical reviews out there.Overall, a very fun game.Also, I killed a guy by throwing up in his water.10/10 would throw up again."
,Recommended,242640,25517772,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Typhos,This is what a stealth game should be! And Styx...he's awesome!
76561197977293371,Recommended,242640,25513185,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Hugo Кошка Leary,"I really enjoyed Dishonored but I must admit that Styx is way better, whereas we heard a lot less about it. Also, being a vicious ugly little killing creature (like my ex) is quite fun."
76561198089986341,Recommended,242640,26126065,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Grave,Best stealth action ever
76561197972518312,Recommended,242640,26277099,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sergius,"Bit of an odd title this one, I did enjoy it, but there are a number of issues.Performance:Looks good, on a modern rig (GTX 1070 + Gsync screen) it happily runs at 140FPS with everything maxed.Gameplay:It plays very similar to Splinter Cell, but with a fantasy setting.  There are some irritating bugs that really spoiled it a little for me, virtually everytime I killed anyone; the body would ragdoll to the ground and then randomly bounce all over the place, often alerting everyone in vicinty.Other than that the game is very long, a feeling which is made worse by the re-use of maps.  It makes sense for the story, but essentially serves to double the length of the title for little benefit."
76561197995366218,Recommended,242640,24766310,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Lloyd,"Absolutely Amazing!    This game has everything you want in a stealth game, with lots of replayability.   You can go through in mercy mode meaning no kills, shadow meaning no alerts, swiftness meaning timed run, thief meaning collect all the coins and relics, or any combination you want to.  Although I think it is impossible to do swiftness and thief at the same time."
76561197972445885,Recommended,242640,24509755,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Father Time,Great stealth game with cool powers!! I look forward to the next game and hope they make it even better with new powers!!! 4.7 out of 5 stars.
,Recommended,242640,24604670,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Korago,Quality goblin sneaking game
76561198159388460,Recommended,242640,24737741,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Raber,Need to be as stealthy as possible. But sometimes you just wanna say '♥♥♥♥ it'. Good game
76561198110473102,Recommended,242640,24738378,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,silentfort,"A brilliant game story-wise with fine game mechanics. I'm a little flustered by some of the controls, but that a minor issue; it's best to play this with a controller. If you like sneaking around then this is your game!"
76561198080394475,Recommended,242640,24709747,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sabranigudu,"It has it's flaws, but it's surprisingly fun for this small and note well known team.+The unique powers make stealth plenty of fun, specially the clones+The levels are big and very fun to traverse, and have many possibilities to do your thing-The last fight. Better bring plenty consumables because there's nothing stealthy about that and it's horribly designed"
,Recommended,242640,24416688,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Pace,Best stealth game i ever played...
76561198100322039,Recommended,242640,24423410,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Blake967,best hide and seek simulator ever. 10/10
76561198083702738,Recommended,242640,20280334,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Slip N' Dip,One of the best stealth games I've ever played.  A very cool story with a interesting main character and solid stealth gameplay.  Can't wait for the sequel.
76561198048363293,Recommended,242640,24543602,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TheFlame8,"This is a great game if you're into the stealth mode genre.  Unlike Assassin's Creed or Dishonered, you can't fight your way out of most situations, since you're a weak goblin.  This adds an extra challenge to the game that makes it really interesting.  Note: I purchased the game at 75% off.  Not sure it's worth the full $30 though.Pros:- Variety of ways to complete most missions- Unique powers for Styx- Solid challenge throughout- Unique twist on fantasy with humans not being the good guys- Rather solid stealth system.  Rarely leaves you wondering how someone saw you.- Variety of enemies, conversation throughout, making the story feel more real and less just go through this maze of enemies.- Optional side missions within the main ones gives you more to do than just reach one location.Cons:- Jumping in general is poor.  There's no assist and you find yourself flying way over or under your designated target.- Character graphics.  Mouths rarely line up with speaking for example.- Along with jumping.  It's difficult to use ledges as you find yourself constantly falling off.- Can get repetitive at times, but the small touches in the game work to prevent that.- The parry then counter attack combat system makes sense, but it doesn't work often, even when timed correctly.Overall I recommend it.  It's a fun game for sure, but maybe wait for a sale to really get your money's worth.7/10"
76561198152401694,Recommended,242640,24544066,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,edita_r,"a great stealth game.basically the game is about not getting into combat, but avoiding it. every guard i killed had no clue i was about skulking around soo close.If you like sneaking around in the shadows, under tables and other many places, watching your surroundings and planning your moves, memorizing  guard patroling schemes and dropping stuff on them, poisoning them, and finally enjoying a great story, then this is the game for you, even for a full price."
76561197977151889,Recommended,242640,24084942,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dhenger,Excellent stealth game. Cool atmosphere.
76561198062710365,Recommended,242640,18447611,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,mr.smith,"this is probably a dark souls version of stelath game since:- you die when you have to fight 2 guards at the same time- helping items are very limited- some mobs will insta kill you when they see/catch youthe game has a really strong story since betrayel, greed and revenge are playing a huge part in this game. you as the character you are trying to get your own desires furfilled despite what either the humans, elves or anyone else wants.in terms of gameplay you should handle dieing a few times since you slowly need to learn which moves you can and can't make and you also can try to earn secundairy objectives(such as not killing anyone or not get noticed at all).i will rate it a 8/10 and 8,5/10 for people who are really into stealth games and want to have a real challenge"
76561198150392339,Recommended,242640,18962039,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,garp-90,"Rakash !!!One of the best stealth games I ever played .Bravo !Great gameplay .The last match was disappointing , boring and easy .........still awesome game though :) .I liked the idea of turning off torches to walk in the dark .Truly Master of a shadows .I'll be waiting for the second game release .My rate is 9/10 ."
76561198088305614,Recommended,242640,19151116,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Spurcissimus Senex,"This, for me, is one of those games that should be played twice to get the full experience. Play it once casually for the story and amusement, and then you can always replay your missions in game to perfect your score and test your sneaking skills. I have spent half of my first playthrough collecting all the collectibles, avoiding detection, and so on, until I found myself wondering as to what the hell my role was in this world and story apart from collecting tokens. When I stopped worrying about the points and just played casually, it felt a lot more engaging.The story itself is decent enough, although the gameplay is definitely superior. Basically you play the role of the goblin Styx.... wait do you?"
76561198065875611,Recommended,242640,30622530,Posted: 19 March,all,Cuddlesthemighty,"Styx is a pretty good game featuring some amazing level design a good variance of enemy types and an intractate narative (I know some people did not enjoy the narrative but for what its worth I thought it was quite good).  The game increases the difficulty as you become familar with everything.  While you can unlock helpful skills the bulk of your tool kit is unlocked at start and its up to you to make use of it.  Freedom to navagate the levels and the beauty of them is really where this game excels.There were a few things that I disliked about the game but they were mostly small, the only one I feel needs mentioning is the wall/ledge jumping interface really could have used another pass.  I often died because there was no way to know what my character would do when I jumped/tried to jump to it.There's so much in this game that I enjoyed, the characters and setting especialy make this game worth your time."
,Recommended,242640,19227799,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,slaw,Great stealth action game with some character development options when you get back to your hub.  This game is all about using stealth to your advantage and covering your tracks well.  The levels are well designed with plenty of different ways to achieve the objective.  The graphics and sound are decent while the storyline is mediocre.  Overall great gameplay is what brings this title up.
,Recommended,242640,19040285,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then minePLEASE NOTE: I recommended this game with some exceptions, overall if the game did not live up to just a tiny expectation, I would not have recommended it at all, so please read the review carefully if you are thinking of buying/playing this gameStyx: Master of Shadows is one of those games that I have been following since the first day Cynaide Studios and Focus Home Interactive announced it, it caught my attention and I couldn't wait to play it... first reviews came out, mediocre. I was a bit dissapointed as I was expecting this game to be pretty good, after a year, the game was on sale and I thought to myself, why not, so I bought it and now I have finished itSo, what did I think of it?Overall, the game is not bad. The game had its moments but behind those great moments, it did have some major flawsThe story, it is pretty well written. I was interested in Styx's story and I kept on playing thanks to its story. Although it did have some cliche's here and there, it was pretty well done, and the plot twist did leave me wiht a huge open mouth which is good! The game is pretty damn long which I was surprised, but what bothered me was what I felt was the developers being lazy, they re-used some levels from the beginning to the last few levels of the game. I call this the 'Rinse and Recycle' method where either the developer lost money or was too damn lazy to create more different levels... please, don't use this method!The environments, Akenash (where the sotry takes place) is actually very nice. Powered by the Unreal Engine, it does bring out the fantasty genre into the environments with its open areas and secret passage ways. However, some textures were very bad, so much so, that from all the backgrounds and buildings, the tiny details like moss and grass looked terribleThe voice acting is... sub-par, Styx's voice actor was the one I favoured the most, he brought out the character pretty well even if the voice acting did flop sometimes here and there. The other main characters were voiced... okay-ish. Some characters played their voices as if they were reading from there scripts, some other characters played them with little character in their voices. The worst culprits are the gaurds, voiced by only two voice actors (source from the credits) they played their characters pretty badlyThe music is pretty good and captures the fantasy/stealthy genre that the game was put inGameplay, its okay. The game heavily focuses on stealth and not in combat and the stealth mechanic is pretty good, even if it did have some flaws here and there. The combat is terrible, if you happen to be caught by a guard, you have to time your parries correctly then strike whilst the iron is hot, pretty bad combat system. Jumping... oh, the jumping, as far as I know, Cyanide Studios did release a patch to fix the problem of ledge detection and jumping... but this patch only fixed a tiny bit of it... the jumping in the platform bits is still pretty bad, and the ledge detection although improved is still pretty badThe game does have its fair share amount of glitches, like guards sticking through walls, the camera popping through the environment and the cutscene camera sometimes glitching through the environment. I'm very surprised that the game had quality assurance and did not find these glitches...The subtitles... oh, the subtitles. Now, when I play games, I like to have subtitles on, just to see what the characters are saying in case I can't hear them, but, what really pisses me off is when a developer does not check the spelling mistakes and the punctuation fixes! It makes the game look unprofessional!In late 2015 (when this review was written), I heard the brilliant news that Cyanide Studios announced that Styx 2 will be arriving somewhen in 2016 and even though Styx: Master of Shadows had its fair share of problems and me screaming when the game did not respond correctly, I still can't wait for the sequel, however, I still am not fully 100% convinced until the sequel comes out. I am praying to the wonderful people at Cyanide Studios to make Styx 2 EVEN better than Master of Shadows, because, I can't wait to play itI know that the people behind this game cared about their project and it shows, but, for their next project, which is Styx 2, I hope that they listen to our feedback and improve even more from what the first game suffered from!This is going onto my best game in Steam library because I enjoyed it, its not the perfect and it will never be, but I enjoyed it none the less and I hope that Styx 2 will be better if not tons better than its first game!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
,Recommended,242640,19222687,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,mike,"Let's start by saying that it's definitely not a game without flaws, but it has a certain charm.For me the biggest issue was that the stealth mechanics were seriously harmed by the fact that in many places it was not clear if the shadows were strong enough for me to be invisible, resulting in some frustrating sequences of avoidance and waiting... while I was actually totally hidden and could just have walk through... and other cases where I thought I was in the dark but would be immediately be detected.Also, Elfs suck.I hate these guys."
76561198153776756,Recommended,242640,19314625,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Saint Jacques,It feels like a more evoled version of Dishonered
76561198092046115,Not Recommended,242640,19355228,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Potatolord,"Legend:- Bad--Very bad--- HORRIBLE+ Good++ Very good+++ FANTASTICAL+Stealth, it's fine, but if you get detected, you're screwed--- Fighting System, it was the worst I've seen in a game. I know this is a stealth game, but it's still sad.-- Only 1 or 2 kill animations. From what I've seen so far, when you kill someone, there's only 1-2 animations.++ Graphics, my CPU can run it."
,Recommended,242640,13494475,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kim So Eun <3,(っ=◕‿◕=)っ That Moment when you just sneak past someone when they are right infront of you (っ=◕‿◕=)っ
76561198162320923,Recommended,242640,19310849,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,morymory2,Kill or be killed.
,Recommended,242640,19304399,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Styx,great game
76561198085782908,Recommended,242640,19322211,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,J4y_3l3cT,If you like assassins creed you'll feel comfortable here I love the fact that instead of a traditional human he's a goblin kinda adds some diversity for me
76561198007349273,Recommended,242640,19389119,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,dnabma,"The best character from ""Of Orcs and Men"" gets his own 'dishonored-meets-hitman' style stealth game."
,Recommended,242640,20780186,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Mr402,Not the most advanced stealth game but the setting and main character keep me playing.   Give it a shot.   Also check out of Orcs and Men if you want some back story to the characters.
,Recommended,242640,21301119,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,juhob,its a pretty pretty good game
,Recommended,242640,21275523,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Ambitious Animator,"This is by far my favourite sneaking game especially because of the atmosphere and the difficulty. I'll make it short and list the pros and cons:pros:-excellent atmosphere-good story-gameplay is incredibly good-you can poison enemies by vomiting in their drinking water :D-atmospheric (and very good) soundtrack-one mistake and you will die very quickly. A lot of sneaking games fail here. But of course this doesn't mean you can't play with an offensive strategy. But it is pretty challenging which I really like.-good voice acting-interesting skills, especially the clone is enjoyable-the levels aren't that linear (well, there are multiple ways but it's not open world)-cool graphic style-many more, read other reviewsCons:(-no AAA graphics but this is not important because the graphic style is pretty awesome!)I can really recommend this game if you are into this kind of games. It's way more complex than Assassins Creed (which I don't like that much anymore btw) and it features a pretty cool fantasy-steampunk atmosphere paired with an excellent gameplay."
,Recommended,242640,21187583,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,bidji,"What a nice stealth game! I'll make it quick:Cons:- clunky controls (I only tried KB/M, mind you), character will sometimes do stuff you hadn't intended for him to do, a la Assassin's Creed 1- cringe-inducing dialogs, not delivered with much conviction (although you can't really blame the actors for that)- hastily-drawned fixed pictures instead of cutscenes, when the rendering engine was perfectly capable of delivering beautiful looking, well, cutscenes. somebody run short of money towards the end of development, it seemsPros:- it's a very good stealth game, with some slight RPG flavour- you can have a completely stealth oriented approach and get rewarded for it, or you can go in and kill everyone and you're not punished for that either- it lets you replay the missions you've already completed, so you can try a different approach- it still looks kinda pretty and it runs like a charm on today's PCs (well it does on mine, and that's about all I care about)- I got it on a sale! Perceived value!Neat game, hope it gets a sequel, I'll buy it in a heart-beat (once it's been reviewed by couple of trustworthy people, because I'm not an imbecile). Go buy it."
76561198117217891,Recommended,242640,24204752,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Styx,Nice stealth GameI liked the story and the skills availablehint!Play it as a 'goblin' difficulty when you start the game ... because this is what you are ... when you play the gameand once you finish the game .... start with 'Of Orcs and Men' Game
,Recommended,242640,24087641,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Zeuelian,"I got this game on sale and it is worth buying. although at times it can be abit hard (maybe am just bad at the start :P) and you have to be really snecky, it is without a doubt really fun to play, the more you play the better you think the game is. I've been playing this the last few days and i think the story of it is interesting and entertaining. Iwould recommend this game to anyone who likes to sneck about, kill from the shadows and love fantasy/rpg games."
76561198062012216,Recommended,242640,24114384,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,visier777,"Very good story, nice atmosphere, solid gameplay. Reusing the levels was a no-no, but that's my only complaint."
,Recommended,242640,24321390,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Groovymunki,A stealth game that does stealth right
76561198295838149,Recommended,242640,24323535,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Il complottista,"Its a pure Stealth Game. If you engage someone you'll be killed. That's what your learn, all the time you play you can't risk a close combat, but the very last moment of this game is something you can forget. Enjoy all other situation. But every moment you meet the big villain, It suks.- Porca puttana, proprio il finale che risolvi solo combattendo, che tra l'altro una volta preso il ritmo degli atacchi è una stronzata da concludere, ma rivina tutta l'atmosfera creata fino ad allora. ll gran cattivo è una chiavica"
76561198052517458,Recommended,242640,23507160,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Bliss,Solid controls. Enjoyable gameplay. Resonably smart enemy NPCs. Nice voice acting.
,Recommended,242640,23506341,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Biku,"There aren't enough good stealth games in the world as far as I'm concerned. Now, Styx isn't a 10/10, but if you like stealth games I'd say you're probably not gonna be disappointed.First off, it's worth noting I was playing this with a 360 controller, so I can't vouch for keyboard controls.The gameplay is very clutch. You have a decent range of motion through climbable terrain and a set of tools and abilities that suit a plethora of playstyles. The level design is very tight and varied, and altho some maps are re-used for later chapters in the game - progressing through the map backwards, along with new enemy placements and patrols makes it interesting enough.Each level has some neat side objectives, as well as stipulation bonuses like ""no alerts"", ""no kills"", ""timed run"" etc.The story won't blow your mind, but it does throw you for a loop and has some pretty interesting twists and turns.I have two gripes about this game tho, and they are fairly nitpicky. One, there's a noticable lack of voice actors for guard npcs. I've heard, not just the same actor, but the same voice for what must be 5 different characters at this point. There are more voices, but they are being re-used for some cutscenes relentlessly. Two, the facial animations are VERY lackluster. The movement animations are pretty great, which accentuates the flaws in the facial ones even more. Expect blank faces with the bare minimum of lip syncing.But all in all, very good gameplay, and very good art direction. I'd give it a 8/10."
76561198079200158,Recommended,242640,22668037,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Thravior,A great hardcore stealth game.
76561198095453211,Recommended,242640,23153541,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Guerra,best stealth based game i've ever played
,Recommended,242640,23148520,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,DG30,"Great game. Story is good and immersive. The levels are absolutely! MASSIVE. You will learn to save often as if you do not you will rage like you have never raged before.  Graphics are good but there are alot of clipping issues but other than that it is a good game, with a good story that will draw you in. Fully recommend. 9.8/10"
,Recommended,242640,23161877,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Narwrynn,"Game is a 9/10Removing a point for the terrible combat, but keep in mind if you play on the hardest difficulty you don't have to deal with the combat at all because guards will kill you with on sight. Strongly recommend.While you do re-play maps, with different objectives and guard placements, it adds to the sense of deju vu the main character is feeling. Which is important to the story without giving any spoilers."
76561198028021739,Recommended,242640,23149643,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Chancellor Palpy,"Styx doesnt break any new ground, but I enjoy it so far. There are some issues, but worth the $8 I paid. You cannot really fight head on; you might be able to kill one guard if he notices you, but not 2 at the same time. I think I am about halfway through the game.Instead of avoiding interaction, I was aggressive and killed EVERYONE. Much more satisfying. Avoidance is difficult, but trying to kill 3 or even 4 guys all clumped together is harder. Also much more rewarding.1. Graphics: Looks dated. Some parts have great looking textures and others not so much. Seam lines do not always align. The game looks maybe 7 years old, but I found it good enough.2. Difficulty: pretty easy, even on hard. Just as easy to avoid as it is to kill everyone. You can save/load at any time so mistakes are not an issue. I have yet to use any health potions. If I did get hurt, it was usually due to a large fall or getting too close to fire. There should be less saves and only a few checkpoints per map, so you would have to be more careful. I heard that the end is difficult so look forward to that.3. Hiding bodies: There is almost always a place to stash them. Even if there aren't, all you have to do is carry them out of sight. Vials of acid can dissolve bodies. I never used them except on one mission where I was required to.4. Skills/Items: Invisibility- didn’t use except when you first get it (required). Clones– only used it once or twice for the novelty of it. Whistle- Extremely helpful and all you need to distract a guard. Poison- neat, but never needed it. Amber(vials)- I didn’t use skills that required amber so it seemed like a worthless mechanic. Health potions– havent used any so far. Sand– used to extinguish torches, but I only used it a few times early on. Throwing knives- You can have two. I heard you might have to use them later in the game, but so far, have not bothered with them. You cannot pick up thrown knives. Annoying, but unlimited knives would be too easy. Amber vision- Used only on occasion, feels weak. Not really needed.5. Skill points. Not used any points so far; they unlock talents that make very little difference. There is little incentive to collect coins or do side quests since it only gains you extra points. The RPG part of the game is weak.I would prefer more ways to kill or escape; arrows, sleep darts, smoke bombs, ground traps, tripwires, etc. Each level is pretty linear and easy to find the end. You do not have a minimap, but don’t need one either.You have to be on the same level to kill an enemy (can’t kill while on a table). Enemy AI is predictable and react the same. Jumping and climbing is easy; jump, move left or right etc. Your character automatically grabs onto ledges. I rarely had a problem with falling or navigating around."
,Recommended,242640,23419391,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,l33ted,"TL:DR Although flawed, it's a great game... buy it if you even vaguely like stealth games.One of the best stealth games out there.  You will NOT combat your way through it.  I even started the game stealthingly killing everyone.  But the games shines more if you stealth ALL of it.  I switched to steallth when I realized that there were achievements for it.  Over all, I think a combo stealth and stealthly kills works best, but you don't get achievements that way.  The story is ok to good, the atmostpher and the graphics are great.  General game controls are a little different but they worked.  It would probably be better if I used a controller.Now for a little bad.  The story is just ok, because it seems like they changed it part way through, and the ending was a little lame.  Maybe it was not edited, the writer just wasn't that good, or more childish for the adult theme.  The general premise I wanted to like it, but in the end... it was ok. Or maybe they did the games and  wrote the story, I just don't know. The story just left me feeling something was just odd.  Something that didn't help; the story starts out as a graphics engine rendered cut screen, seperate from the game and then changes to storyboard cutscreens (I think after the first rendered one), Like they ran out of time or money.  It always seemed disjointed.The level designs are  interesting and varied, and most believable.  I wouldn't say repeatitve except that once you break in, you have to break out the same way you came in (back through the same levels).  I still replayed it for the achievements, so the story and ""tasks"" where still interesting enough that I didn't mind it.Save often, you will die a lot or be seen (only a problem if you are getting the achievements).All and All a good game and a good buy (especially on sale)."
,Recommended,242640,23529070,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,aNIAHlator,"This game is a work of art, please consider playing this game. I hear a lot of people having a lot of bugs, but I can only confirm some minor isssues with collision, mainly with dead bodies that I decide to pile in a corner, (because who doesn't do that when hiding bodies in stealth games, let's be honest) but I never had a game-breaking bug, and none that caused deaths as to what I can recall. This game has a fantastic story, beautiful art design, intriguing and open level design, and a strong gameplay that can only be described as a true stealth gameplay. It also has a lot of completionist centered achievements and collectibles, extending the playtime if you so choose to do all of that stuff-by a lot. I would recommend this game even at full price, but it isn't too rare for this game to go on sale, although it seems to happen a lot less lately."
76561198027024527,Recommended,242640,23646714,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Von Christen,"This is really an hardcore stealth game, I can spend hours on one single mission looking for collectibles and trying not to get spotted to get the Shadow Insignia at the end of the mission. A must have for all lovers of stealth games!"
,Recommended,242640,23634445,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,The Honourable Hobknob,"I like this game.It's story is interesting enough, quite interesting even, and I enjoy the gameplay.I'm not expert on stealth games so I can't say whether or not its 'good' stealth based gameplay, but I enjoy it."
,Recommended,242640,23645717,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,BEEEEEES,"I had a LOT of fun with this. The story kind of dragged out in the middle and I got brickwalled by 1 situation trying to leave a level with very little Amber (AKA Mana) left, but otherwise it is loads of fun. In meta, this is more like a puzzle game than anything else, but I relish the fact that there are always multiple ways to approach a level. There is combat - but this is NOT a combat game, it's more about observing covertly and figuring out how you're going to get through a section of the map. You can kill guards, distract them, or go completely unnoticed, and there's a useful and relevant skill-tree to invest in. Every once in a while I was frustrated by Styx not moving like I wanted - but it rarely happened and you can save on-demand - which is pretty fantastic as it really encourages you to just try stuff rather than agonize over a situation; it encouraged me to be creative and try different approaches until I succeeded. I just got done with Normal difficulty, and this game is plenty challenging. Discovery isn't necessarily a death sentence every time, but it usually is... that being said, you can stealthily elminiate almost everyone - and I purposefully played against the grain and tried to do just that, just to see if I could and I had tons of fun trying to figure out how to elminiate as many enemies as possible.The toolbox you get right out of the gate is very useful and demands skillful use - but boy is it satisfying to pull off a plan once you figure out how to make it work. You can do all kinds of things, like whistling to pull a guard out of position to sneak past or elminiate him, poison food/water to covertly take out enemies without being detected, setup traps with your skills, swipe potions from guards' belts, hang from ledges to avoid detection, throw sand to douse torches and create areas of darkness, all kinds of stuff man! Being able to save at any point really cuts down on what otherwise might have been a frustrating experience - but don't kid yourself it doesn't make the game too easy, it pulls no punches at any point and really rewards smart, attentive, careful play.You can also replay missions at any point to earn more skill points and unlock more skills, which I'd certainly recommend doing early on once you get some useful skills unlocked.Overall I'd give this game a 9/10. It only gets -1 because open combat is such an option of last resort against anything, even little bugs, some information is poorly communicated (its '3' to use clone smoke bomb fyi), and I genuinely did get really frustrated trying to get out of that one gate where 7 guards are looking right at it and its the only way to go and I was out of amber... Don't let any of that dissuade you though, it is a fantastic stealth game where detection isn't necessarily guaranteed failure either - that makes for some exhillerating moments where you make a crazy escape after everything goes wrong."
,Recommended,242640,24111432,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ainastrasza,"The game has been out for a long time now, and I picked it up in a recent sale. I always saw it flying around but never bothered to pay it any attention. Well this time it was cheap enough to pique my interest, and the game turned out to be not at all what I expected, but in a good way.I knew it was from the Of Orcs and Men series and as such I thought it would play like it, but it is in fact a really fun and challenging little stealth game with a surprisingly entertaining story. On the story front, the game tries it's best to turn traditional fantasy tropes onto their head and I'd say it does this quite nicely. You play as a Goblin called Styx, who's race in this universe is considered utter vermin and disgusting by Humans, Elves, AND Orcs. You will hear you character called a ""creature"" and a ""monster"" for basically the entire game, really driving home that everyone despises your kind. But the catch here is that Styx is blatantly a better individual and more intelligent than anyone you ever encounter for the journey despite looking like a typical, dirty and ugly goblin. It really drives home the fact that Humans and Elves are a disgusting, close-minded pair of races that you honestly never end up feeling bad about butchering. Because the game naturally makes you feel that they deserve it.The gameplay is very standard for a stealth game but it's a formula that works. The game is by no means AAA and was obviously made on a lowish budget but please don't let this put you off. The level design is great and is semi-open world, and there are plenty of situations where you have to genuinely use your brain to get by certain obsticles. You thankfully have plenty of tools and powers at your disposal, so sky's the limit. The game can be a bit buggy at times which is to be expected. I've had guards unfairly notice me quite a few times and had the odd one or two climbing blunder, and have some abilities/passives not work correctly, but they were such a minor issue that I can't really complain.Buy this game. Support the smaller companies. There's a second Styx came coming out this year which I myself will definitely be checking out."
76561198051220585,Recommended,242640,20677129,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Niborell,"Great Atmosphere, nice humor. I can't explain somehow why I enjoyed that game so much, but I would recommend it without a second thought."
76561198071290815,Recommended,242640,20820830,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,spank paddle,"I have a couple small gripes with this game, however they really don't affect the game all that much. The first: this game is STRICTLY stealth. This is not a bad thing, just not what I particularily enjoy. I like a fighting chance if the stealth doesn't work out, but you really don't get that with this game. Second: I wish you could automatically latch on to narrow outcrops instead of trying to do your best to aim your landing manually. Sometimes this is necessary but can be pretty hard to do unassisted. Outside of that, this game has given me much joy for many hours. The stealth is great, it really makes you think. There's a small amount of dark humor and the story is not all that bad. The later stages of the game definitely present an excellent challenge, especially when trying to do the extras. Great little game here."
76561198220378013,Not Recommended,242640,20189242,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,daniel.zerafa13,"I was considering recommending this game because, if I did, this review will be considered more credible in regards the flaws it points out. Seriously, though, I can't honestly recommend this game. If you're buying it with a 75% discount like I did, then I ALMOST recommend this. It's definitely not worth its full price, though, and of that I can't be more sure.I can't think of anything good to say about this game. Honestly, not every part of it is bad, but I can't think of anything good enough that I consider worth noting, either. Maybe a couple of moderately cool stuff, like the ability to turn invisible for a very limited amount of time using a very limited and precious source of energy? You can earn new skills or enhance the ones you have as you play along, too, which is at least something that will motivate you throughout the game. This is hardly worth noting, though, since tons of other games have this feature and they tend to do it considerably better.I remember when I first played this, I left a rage-filled review after only two hours. In my case, I started the game on an infuriating note, as the controls are not properly explained. I kept losing to the first guy I was supposed to fight with. It took me about 15 minutes to beat him. Apparently you can only counter attacks, and normal attacking doesn't do anything. It was very simple, in the end, but I needed to check a playthrough in order to know what to do.This game is quite repetitive. You move from room to room, or area to area, trying to get past guards undetected. This game is a bit outdated, so the guards' senses tend to be unrealistic. You will immediately get used to being spotted or heard from unrealistic distances. This is excusable at times, since certain wooden things like chairs are thrown into the air with the slightest touch, alerting the guards, which also sucks.There tend to be different options in regards paths you take, but none of them will ever make you feel sly. It's not as much a challenge of wit as much as it is you trying to see whether you can make an awkward jump, or whether a guard will keep his head turned long enough for you to tip-toe past. It's a stealth game, but it doesn't require you be creative. It requires you to be patient and to be weary of your surroundings. It's quite simple, but it can also be frustrating at times, not to mention repetitive. It's made very clear early on that you are supposed to be stealthy, as fighting more than one guard at once will get you killed in a matter of seconds. Also, don't get too confident about fighting a single guard unless you do it stealthily or there are no other guards in the area that he can alert.Speaking of fighting, whether your opponent knows of your presence or not, I hope you don't mind doing the same moves over and over again. One move for opponents on the defence, and another move for unsuspecting opponents. That's it as far as I'm concerned. To be honest, I'm not sure whether you can get new fighting skills and I don't feel like checking, but I doubt it. I think I'd remember if that were the case.The graphics are outdated. The outside looks like Columbia from Bioshock Infinite, if BSI was in third-person and it came out in 2006. The inside areas tend to look like houses/dungeons from Elder Scrolls: Oblivion (third-person view).You have an option to find some treasure/s in every level, but the hints that are given to you in the map are very vague and I haven't found one yet. If this was a really good game that I'm really into, I would try harder at this, but I really don't feel like it's worth the time.I don't really care about the characters as I don't find them appealing at all, and I'm yet to encounter someone with a hint of depth. The story is cliche, too, not much thought went into it.Styx doesn't make sense at times. I remember being ganged up on and dying within 2 seconds, and I kept respawning in the same spot, with the same guards beating and shooting arrows at me, a second before dying. I had to start over with that level because the autosave was not strategically timed.The worst part of all, the thing that ultimately makes the above even less worth doing is the fact that this game is very boring. If it was at least a little interesting, I'd get myself to play it despite all the bad features and the features that are barely average at best. Alas, it's not the case. I'm not half-way through and I'm going to have to stop, the reason being that it feels like a chore to play this game. I almost want to procrastinate from playing by doing coursework. This is the reason why I'm writing this review even though I haven't beaten the game, since I'm not going to beat it, ever.*Sigh*, what a waste of money."
76561197999424615,Recommended,242640,20252461,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HanDrey,Good game to kill you're time!
76561198046730680,Recommended,242640,20233434,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mitchel,"Brilliant game, great stealth, interesting character design, scenery is amazing, colors are beautiful. The only weak point is the saving system (a couple of silly mistakes had me start the game all over, twice, after 20 minutes of gameplay...)The fighting system (when detected) isn't the best, with QTE type actions, that I'm not a fan of..."
76561198039387562,Recommended,242640,20808149,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Darkhorse,"I am writing this review on completion of the storyline, which took me 20.5 hours.  Now this being said I did not complete all sidequests, I got none of the relics, and I did not complete all mission in stealth mode and such, or on the highest difficulty. In other words, there’s a lot more left in this game.Now this game is a stealth game, with a pretty decent story. I enjoyed it much, but can’t give any exact details without giving it away, suffice it to say some points surprised me a bit and made it rather captivating.The game itself has a combat system that is rather difficult to control, but that is purposeful, in an attempt to force one to keep to stealth, I mean you are only half these peoples height, with a knife, really guys.The levels are large an expansive, with MANY different ways to complete them, and many secrets to find. True the end (Far from “Second half” as some have said) is a repeat backwards, probably the last level, maybe last two, and honestly it’s not boring IMO, the levels are so large it’s hard to even tell, and the enemies are all in different places, there are new enemies, and in general it forces you to rethink the whole area making it an extra challenge.TLDR: Games good, and this is coming from a guy who wasn’t into stealth games. Good game, good mechanics, doesn’t get old quick, the ability tree is very fun to fill and open SO many doors, and makes each level fun to start.PS. This ""Game Breaking Bug"" seems aviodable if you play through the WHOLE game and THEN redo for completion, otherwise it could be a problem."
,Recommended,242640,20694529,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,WR0UGHT IRONY,"Excellent inflitration game. Stealth is satisfying and feels tight, animations are elegant, story is intuiging and the atmosphere is outstanding. The game does a fantastic job of making you play the role of a small creature stalking the shadows instead of a badass assassin who can take on anyone. Outright combat is impossible, you MUST use stealth. 9/10 worth the money"
,Recommended,242640,20630346,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Draan,"What a great game. It starts out with a high skill level but once you get used to it, it's amazing. Awesome atmosphere, awesome music, awesome gameplay. Recommended for all sneaky-deaky lovers."
76561197960884797,Recommended,242640,21437458,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[THC] Brad,Super fun game. I got it because I loved Thief when I was young. Very very fun stealth game. I use a controller.
76561198103601787,Recommended,242640,21643807,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ibrothegreat,the best stelth game i have ever played
,Recommended,242640,21697840,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,carrthesixth,"This game is not meant to be flashy or showy.Its doesn't yell ""Look at me! Explosion!"" like a needy child.This beautiful game holds the anticipating dagger of adreline to your throat, growling quietly ""Not a sound"", before plunging you into the difficult and surprisingly brave mind of the assassin.Save often and try everything."
76561198032121175,Recommended,242640,21629418,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Id0ntkn0w?!,good game
,Recommended,242640,21634156,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,noisyboy1229,A stealh masterpiece
,Recommended,242640,21704730,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,JapJap,"A bit rough around the edges, but a solid stealth game with some pretty cool story beats and twists."
76561198142217704,Recommended,242640,16907385,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Shaclone,It is a very addicting game with a lot of adventure and a very good story. Also it is very hard even on the difficulty normal so it is a challenge for gamers
76561198032380193,Recommended,242640,21756176,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,BuNnY 👽,its a hard but a really good game
76561197990551212,Recommended,242640,21625074,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Holeyman,"My save files have glitched or I have overwritten my farthest save and I now need to repeat a large portion of what I had already completed. It's a bummer but the game makes it totally worth doing so I can continue through the story. It is close to the Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory game type in a lot of ways and I would say, even though it's different it's just as good IMO."
,Recommended,242640,21623340,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sofo-Rion,Awesome game! Liking the stealth
,Recommended,242640,21611856,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ProfessorTree,"Brutally difficult at Goblin (highest) difficulty, but infinitely rewarding.  A must have for the stealth genre fanatics."
76561198041681175,Recommended,242640,16838880,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Zero,"Truly an wonderful experiance for a stealth loving player, which the same can only be said for very few stealth games."
76561198103438308,Recommended,242640,21790700,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,vicky_molokh,"Tired of cliché tall handsome glamorous assassins and thieves? Then this game is for you!Styx is a brutal and short green-skinned sneak, with a personality closer to Marv (from Sin City) than Robin Hood.The level design is good: there are multiple ways and directions that can be used to solve an objective, and revisiting old locations *actually* shows them in new interesting light. The plot involves some good twists too. The stealth mechanics look good (remember: this game is not about combat!).On the weak side, some animations look bad, and the ending is a bit *too* mind-screwy (and the final encounter is a bit boring even though not easy), and the combat isn't interesting (it tends to be brutish and short, so just avoid it - the game is not about combat!).Overall, take this if you enjoyed Thief, Dishonoured etc. It's a fresh look at the sneaky sneak who sneaks."
,Recommended,242640,20435577,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Sasherz,"You are Styx, a goblin trying to find the Heart of the Tree.The gameplay is realy good, and the gameplay is super long.I used 18 hours on this game, and I have not completetd all challanges.The goal in the maps are few, but the roads to the goal is many, you can choose your own path to go.And if your sneaky enough you can complete the entire game without (yes without) killing anyone uncept for quest objectives, or you can go rampage and kill everyone you see like a lunitic.The cutscenes are special, theyr not like other games in high def and whatnot, some cutscenes have just the models walking and talking, with baaad lipsync, but for this game, its not bad, the gameplay is enjoyable, the other type of cutscenes for the more depth of the story have artwork wich are done amazingly.The AI, its done good, but some places it seems to bugg abit, but luckly not a big deal.When you finaly beat the game you are placed back into your hideout where you can replay all missions, you can do this as you play, if you want to collect all challanges and collectibles.This game is worth it :D"
,Recommended,242640,20442054,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Socky61,"It gets a bad rap from everywhere, but I enjoyed it a lot. HQ stealth mechanics, but movement is a little strange when you are mid air. It is also difficult to ledge grab when above a ledge in my opinion. 8.5/10I recommend waiting for it to go on sale, 12$ worst case scenario(if you're bored af), 6$ and less should mean a definite buy.I also recommend only buying it if you have a controller, I never played with the key board, but I heard its pretty hard with it."
,Recommended,242640,20416210,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mr. Crowelicious | Farmskins.com,"Very good game, has some flaws with the stealth system like being in front of the enemies a few meters away and they don't spot you, but at the hardest settings the game can be a real challenge.Graphics 7/10Story 9/10Maps 10/10Gameplay 8/10"
76561198071828346,Recommended,242640,20450667,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Seigi,"A very legit stealth game that is all about the gameplay. The main character is somewhat interesting, but do not expect a top notch narration: voice acting, characterisation and dialogues are fairly weak, so do not buy if those aspects are unmissable in a game for you.Going back to the gameplay, this game demands you to play in a stealthy way, especially at the highest difficulty setting (Goblin), but it is very satisfying to see your planning succeeds.Good level design (even though there is some backtracking), good variety of enemies and large amount of possible solutions to advance stealthily the levels makes this game worth the purchase for any old stealth games fan.Recommended."
,Recommended,242640,20452027,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,trgz,"Enjoyable game, slightly naff in places (were the cartoon cut-scenes through artistic choice or because of spent budget?) and a VERY poor final battle, but otherwise it was well worth playing. The 3rd person goblin character you play is a sort of cross between Sam Fisher/Lara Croft/Garrett (Theif) with some flaws but plays well with keyboard/mouse on the PC."
76561198012466367,Recommended,242640,20434160,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,mcy,A true spiritual successor to the original Thief games. An absolute gem.
76561198045072288,Recommended,242640,20302809,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MadBaum,Standard stealth game that is fun for a while
76561198054442921,Recommended,242640,20303637,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dogboy,"DIDNT KNOW WHAT TO THINK WHEN I BOUGHT THIS ON SALE.I HAD HEARD OF THIS GAME BUT CONSIDERED IT A POOR MANS ""THIEF"". I WAS WRONG.THIS GAME ROCKS.DEFINITELY LINEAR COMPARED TO THIEF BUT EVERYTHING IS TIGHT.GRAPHICS,CONTROLS,ACTING,ETC. I'M ONLY AN HOUR IN AND AM PATTING MYSELF ON THE BACK FOR THIS PURCHASE.8/10 AND I ALSO GOT IT ON SALE SO HONESTLY IT SHOULD BE A 9/10 FOR THAT.JUST AWESOME AND LOVE STYX.HES A GREAT CHARACTER AND I CANT' SEE ANYONE NOT LOVING THIS GAME IF YOU'RE INTO THE SNEAKING OVER KILLING TYPE OF TITLES AND YES...THERE IS PLENTY OF KILLING AS WELL."
76561197993451004,Recommended,242640,20300369,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,bish,"Very nice stealth game, reminds me a lot of Thief series :P"
,Recommended,242640,20295885,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Raum,"While the gameplay is fairly fun, the voice acting ruins it. It's terrible - Like the actors of Twilight decided to try voice acting, or something. Awkward pauses, bad dialog, horrid voice matching to characters - it feels very forced... like the actors were told ""READ THIS NOW, OR I'LL KILL YOUR KITTEN!"" My advice: Turn the voice volume down and read subtitles. Will enhance the experience quite a bit.The game itself (while I'm not TOO far into it, so this may change) is very similar to the Thief style games. Stay in the shadows, put out torches, sneak on by.... or kill everything. Whichever works."
76561198133577319,Recommended,242640,20378738,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Mijjaj,"The game is  nice, good grafiecs  no bugs so far. but the saving system is very bad. i saved at a point in the game. and when i tried to go to the save it said ""overwritten save has been done"" not very fun becus i had like 100000 missions done so im very  sad right now, ¨i do recomend the game for ppl that likes assassins creed and stealth gamesthe only downside is the saving system, maybe need some work..... good game overall"
76561198152006793,Recommended,242640,20168884,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Apple,"An intresting stealthy skill-based rpg, im enjoying it."
,Recommended,242640,24950106,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,drozzydead,"Great game if you play well on stealth. Otherwise it's ridiculous to purchase full priced. Controls are clunky but still bearable. Great art style and overall level built. While controls are clunky, what makes it is the edge detection. I think I died falling more often than actual enemy kill"
,Recommended,242640,24395038,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,RedBraces,"Reminds me very much of the classic Thief-games, much more than other modern stealth titles; stealth and avoiding confrontation is really important, as often even a single enemy can kill you. Explore your surroundings, learn the patrol routes of the enemy, find the holes you can slip through, or create the by making distractions and/or killing a few enemies here and there. The game is really vertical in nature, meaning you can climb ledges and rafters to find safer routes.All in all a very fun title, if not quite a classic. Graphics are nothing particularly great but more than adequate, and the only real minus are the occasionally clumsy controls + the annoying boss fight. Still, a recommended title for fans of sneaking around undetected."
76561198198889785,Recommended,242640,25502125,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,silassmyth,If you like Kiler Goblins who have good skils st killing this is for you
,Not Recommended,242640,18126701,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,WidescreenRules,"I wish there was a ""maybe"" option for these reviews. I do recommend this game for fans of the stealth genre, but there are a LOT of caveats that go along with that.""Styx"" is in many ways a game that screams out to people like me who fell in love with ""Dishonored"" and the ""Thief"" series. Focused on stealth with lots of items to steal and many ways to reach the intended destination with a bit of ""Assassin’s Creed"" thrown it, it has so much for people who want a genuine stealth game.The levels are definitely the high points of the game. All are incredibly well designed for the task at hand. Dark, shadowed areas or high overlooks litter each level; paths contain multiple ways of getting where you need to go; secret areas, coins, and potions are scattered around. Some of the levels take you outdoors into glorious fortresses while other areas are underground, dark, and foreboding. Some of the missions even take place outside on bright, sunny days. Such levels are a wonderful change from dark nights or underground caverns. For the most part, I really enjoyed the art direction and the level design.You can stay on the ground and work your way through shadowy corners or you can parkour to areas high above your enemies. (Most of the time, you need to do both.) Even though you can take an aggressive approach, you are best served by being as stealthy as possible. The parry system is not very well designed, and you’ll die in one to three hits, depending on the enemy. If you want you survive in Styx, being as stealthy as possible is definitely the best way to play.The graphics are smooth and fluid, but they feel dated even though they still look gorgeous. Some textures and animation feel like they’re several years behind; however, I never had any problem with the frame rate or draw distance. On a decent solid state drive, levels took only a few seconds to load. I also do not recall the game ever crashing on me while playing.Parkouring isn’t bad; however, you’re restricted to ledges and decorative items on the walls. After playing ""Assassin’s Creed"" for so long, I was mildly annoyed that areas like holes in the wall or gaps in stone decorations were not allowed. There were plenty of areas to climb so that you could have multiple ways of getting where you needed to go, but it was still quite limited compared to other parkouring games.However...""Styx"" has multiple platforming issues. Sometimes I would jump from a ledge and just barely fall short, tumbling to infinity below. Other times I would fall off even though it seemed as thought I had plenty of room left. Many times the platforming had to be so precise as to be frustrating. Parkouring from one wall point to another was also problematic. You have to be perfectly aimed or else you risk not grabbing onto it and falling, most often to your death.You can get bonus points if you don’t kill anyone, but there is no option to knock someone out. The only choices you have are to evade or kill. I understand not killing anyone, but there are plenty of unarmored people who can be knocked out and can still count towards “no kill” bonuses like in ""Deus Ex: Human Revolution"". Unfortunately, this option was completely ignored by the developers.Path algorithms often broke so that the NPCs would walk in a jagged circle, never leaving their area, which often made getting past them impossible without using up some amber for invisibility or killing them, which nullifies any no-kill bonuses.Styx is also loaded with triggered, artificial difficulties. In one instance, I saw a coin on a landing between two sets of stairs. With amber vision, I saw a guard at the bottom of the lower set of stairs, standing there and not doing anything. Once I stepped on the stairs below me, he then – and only then – decided to be concerned that there was no one guarding the table and moved immediately to the table with the coin. I hate that kind of artificial difficulty tactic. It’s just as infuriating in games like GTA or my much-loved The Saboteur where during a car escape the pursuing cars just so happen to show up on the map right where your current path would take you directly in their sight.Killing an enemy results in the breakage of any potion bottle that he has on him. What’s infuriating about that is that the potion bottle will break even with a silent kill where he’s already laying on the ground! In yet another excuse to artificially increase the difficulty, any killing results in you being completely unable to loot the body of its potion. A stabbing or a snapping neck does not create a shock wave that can break a glass bottle!The most infuriating part of this game to me, however, is that the same levels are used multiple times. Essentially, half of the game consists of you working your way to a central area, and the rest consists of fighting your way back through those same levels. I hated some of the earlier ""Halo"" games because of this – fight your way in then fight your way back. I know that level design can be difficult; however, the beauty of the levels had me wanting more. (Seriously, the level designers did a great job!) One particular level is used three times! Even the most beautiful levels become boring after that.If you want to collect all of the bonuses, which require at least two playthroughs of each MISSION, imagine that you have to run through each of the levels not twice but actually FOUR times because fighting your way out and back are separate missions with their own bonuses. The one level you would have to play through no less than SIX times because it’s used with three separate missions! I don't care how gorgeous a level design is. When you have to play through any level that much, it become incredibly boring and grindy.When you take all of these issues into account – the repeating levels, the troublesome platforming, the artificial difficulty spikes, etc. – I was so frustrated during the last boss fight that I exited the game and I now have no desire to finish it.So...I love stealth games. I wanted to love this game. I really did. Actually, I absolutely love the first half. The gorgeous level design, the emphasis on stealth, and the plot twist that occurs at the halfway point had me desperately wanting to see and find out more.If you can deal with repeating levels, platform issues, and difficulty spikes, ""Styx"" is definitely worth playing. The first act is amazing. The levels really are gorgeous and perfectly designed for this kind of game. The RPG elements add a nice twist to the game with enough options to allow you to upgrade to fit your personal play style. That twist at the end of Act 1 really delivers a punch that makes you want more. Unfortunately, Act 2 is so much of a drag that it makes finishing the game a chore. I wanted to finish it just to get it done, but it crushed me to the point that I couldn’t even do that. May you have better luck (and patience) than I. Styx had so much potential that eventually ended up being wasted."
76561198066505360,Recommended,242640,25520560,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Dackery,I actually don't know why I bought this but it's good.
76561198104341003,Recommended,242640,20558554,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ctarl,"Really lenghty and intense game, Story is rather poor but i highly recommed this game if you are looking for full stealth game, Enemy AI is rather smart and the challenge is pleasing even on normal difficulty but might get a little repetitive since the game is really long. There are some RPG elements as you can upgrade Styx's skills and none of the skilltrees seem to be useless but to unlock all to survive is not necessary, amber vision and clone are your best friends and i found myself using them the most."
,Recommended,242640,20586914,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,HardStone,"Styx it's a stealth game with action platformer elements that it's able to impress us and to frustrate us at the same time. It takes aspects from games like Assassins Creed, Splinter Cell and the old Thief series that are implemented in a positive way being the principal issue the lack of polish that those features have.The stealth system it's inconsistent, enemies sometimes will see you for whatever reason, the A.I it's ordinary. The ledge detection it works as it should in platformer but ocasionally Styx will miss the point where he is supposed to grab, and you can't turn around corners while hanging on ledges. C'mon this game came out in 2014!! TOMB RAIDER 2 that came out in 1997 could do that!!All levels are well designed but i would like to see more variety, it's gets a little bit boring doing the same areas over and over and over again.But as i said while it has issues Styx it's still a breath of fresh air in the current market, it's always great to kill an enemy with a throwing knife, to execute them with a well timed aerial kill, to poison them with your vomit, to drop on them a giant chandelier, to control your goblin and send him to bind a guard so you can kill him viciously. And i just mentioned the strong point of this game: Choice.If you are itching for a stealth game, try this one out.Awesome soundtrack also."
76561198038475881,Recommended,242640,19986523,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mutterscrawl,"I've always enjoyed games where you get to play as a Non-Human protagonist, the first game Styx appeared in, ""Of Orcs And Men"" was a lot of fun, and made me eager to give Master of Shadows a try.The game is pretty hard but a lot of fun to explore and assassinate or evade if you're trying not to kill folks, so long as you don't get caught.The storyline was good and I'm eager to see where the franchise goes from here, hopefully we can see Arkail again too later down the line."
76561197961954014,Recommended,242640,20131234,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Penguin,"I don't usually enjoy stealth games, but for some reason this one did it for me. The character is very engaging and it is fun to play as something that is more traditionally ""evil"". Styx has very few bugs and the load times are very fast which is a plus if you are OCD and trying to complete a certain style of stealthing.My only complaint is that the story is fairly simple and predictable. Also, the final battle is not very exciting."
76561198026385994,Recommended,242640,20180785,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,an_egg,"Excellent game.This is finally an infiltration game in which the hero is weak, meaning he couldn't win with brute force. The gameplay is good, the environment and the universe is immersive, the main character has a spicy anti-hero charisma and the story is interesting.This game can be extremely challenging, but the gameplay offers you every tool you need to make your way wether you choose to fight (which is sometimes possible), assassinate or walk in the shadows.Oh and the graphics are amazing also.What else do you need ?"
,Recommended,242640,20038154,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ThatGuyCalledNathan,It's a fantastic game! I've struggled to find a REALY decent stealth game! And now I have Styx! c:
,Recommended,242640,20074946,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Putte,Great stealth game with good story and characters.Suffers a little from poor controls.
76561198226151368,Recommended,242640,20067310,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Grammar Führer,SIGNAL INPUT OUT OF RANGE10/10 would signal input out of range again
,Recommended,242640,17142502,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,facls,"Styx has many flaws: dated graphics, clipping issues, inconsistent AI and lame dialogue (story eventually gets interesting, but dialogue never does). This will be enough for a lot of people to dismiss it out right. I did enjoy my time with it a great deal for the following reason: levels are huge and well designed, filled with opportunities for exploration and alternate paths, and enemy placement that requires a lot of thinking to get through. This is where a stealth game must make its stand and it's where Styx shines. For that alone, stealth fans should give it a chance. Also, mechanics are well implemented, with enough variation in your tools to keep things interesting, and side missions and collectibles add to the fact that you'll spend a lot of time on each level. Thankfully, this one also has quicksaves.Yes, you'll go through each level twice in the campaign. However, you'll start in different points and face different enemies the second time around, so the levels won't feel the same, which is a testament to the quality of its design.In the end, even considering its flaws (which can mostly be blamed on the fact that this is a budget title), I spent nearly 40 hours completing Styx (side missions and collectibles included) and enjoyed my time with it. Stealth fans shouldn't miss it."
76561198058548856,Recommended,242640,16862647,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,TRAP NATION,"Awesome game with awesome ways to do every mission, feels a little bit strange to control a goblin at first but you'll quickly get accustomed to this fellow.Combat does feel a little cluncky but hey, who fights directly in stealth games, just load your last save.9.5/10"
76561198022231968,Recommended,242640,16909940,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,peter.walkley,"Got this on a mid-week offer for ten quid and am currently about a third of the way through a first run-through.  Its shaping up as a nice little indie game.  Stealth really is your only option as the guards will cream you.If you like the stealth elements of Asassins Creed, dishonoured, thief, splinter cell etc, you will like this. If you want combat, look elsewhere. This game need patience to work out the best routes, timing round the guards and so on, but patience is rewarded.  Definitely can see some replay value here as I know there is stuff i've missed out already. Ten quid was a steal - thankyou steam !"
76561198109293597,Recommended,242640,16912283,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Creemi,"Amazing game, the stealthing is really satisfying and the level design is ♥♥♥♥ing unreal good. Even the story was pretty damn nice with more than just one sick twist in it. Just some very minor control bugs are sometimes annoying like trying to hang off of a ledge or trying to go up one unseen. But in light of the epicniess of all the rest totally negligible. 9.5/10"
76561197984342103,Recommended,242640,16916384,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,thargent,"Buy this game. Drop chandeliers on elves. Stab people in the crotch and throw them off ledges. Drop chandeliers on dudes in plate armor. Stab someone in the chest and cover his face with your foot to keep him quiet while you kill him. Buy this game. Do it.This is a game about Styx. Who is the master of shadows. He's really good at stealth, he's been doing it for 200 years. If you are seen when you are playing, it is your own fault, because Styx himself would never get caught, but having some keyboard dork directing your actions would mess you up too, y'know?"
76561198047758139,Recommended,242640,16916906,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,mit,great game
,Recommended,242640,16920908,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,†Rhisui,"for the one who seek the true inflitrator, this game is good for ur fantasythe art and story is good, i play many stealth game but this one really hook me inoverall, love this game"
76561198078870307,Recommended,242640,17408738,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Sogard,it is good
76561197997719847,Recommended,242640,16507488,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ehanig,One of the best games i have played in years.  The game does almost everything perfectly.
,Recommended,242640,12871158,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,gumper,"Styx received middling reviews for control issues that were quickly addressed post-launch. Now it's an amazing, challenging, open-ended stealth game that rewards risk taking. I've had a ton of fun with it and even at full price it's a steal.The biggest complaint I have about the game is the map, which isn't of much use. You really don't need it though, as there are always objective arrows pointing to your primary and secondary objectives.Overall I'm having a hard time deciding between Styx, Deus Ex, Deus Ex HR, and Sniper Elite 3 as my all-time favorite stealth game. It's that good."
,Recommended,242640,16824608,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"its a great buy even ful price. It feels oldschool.  Simple but complete mechanics. Great story and even better dialog. Stable, no crashes or tech problems what so ever(for me.) It may be short, I'm a little more than half through it and have 8.4 hours in (not that I nailed everything first try), but has a ton of replay value. It's not impossible to get every achievement either. Styx is a really cool character overall, and this little story is clever and has more to it than you'd expect. This is a yes all the way."
,Recommended,242640,16826666,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,The Hairy Yeti,A fantastic game reccomend it to everyone.
,Recommended,242640,16428433,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Spectre Light,"First, I usually am not a fan of stealth games but Styx is an absolute blast to play. It features a rich enviornment to be explored with a story that features its fair share of twists and turns. You can replay the missions again and again and each time choose a different route than before. Overall I would give this game a solid 9/10. I only docked points because of the occasional glitch causing npcs to become stuck walking into walls/corners and the climbing system isn't perfect; had to load many a saves because the direction I was facing wasn't right on, causing a nasty death. Otherwist, It's really a fantastic game and I hope to see more games featuring the world Styx inhabits."
76561198000353927,Not Recommended,242640,16895170,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,20t,"I admit, I am not a big fan of stealth games. but, I do like some of them, like, mg, splinter cell tencho and some others. This one sadly not so good. it is all stealth there is no action and I got really bored."
,Not Recommended,242640,16896161,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,tryhardS,"To quickly summarize this game: it's mediocre, its description is misleading and the pormotional material doesn't show screenshots from the product you get, but rather some special build with superior level of detail.First, the looks. Styx looks like something launched in 2007/2008. My GTX 780 doesn't break a sweat in it and rightfully so, because textures are blurry when you get near them, level details are horribly low polygon and there's no dynamic lightning (in a stealth game!).The sound. Music is forgetable. All voices are generic and don't sound convincing. NPCs have 2 lines of dialogue maximum, which gets old quickly. Ambient sounds are OK, apart from the shattering of chandeliers and crates - they are very, very quiet and doesn't even sound right.The story and the writing. First is dull and generic, the second is 3rd grade at best. It's your typical case of ""OMG I'm here and I have amnesia, now some 'bad guys' are interrogating me, better tell them my story word for word, even though it doesn't benefit me or my goals!"" So you're reliving the past and there's not even a touch of subtlety to that, e.g. when you load from a failed state Styx doesn't say: ""Hold on, that's not how it happened. Let me re-tell this part."" Main character in Sacrifice did that and it worked perfectly. But devs of Styx have no idea of proper storytelling.The stealth is lackluster. Basic elements: loud fast kills, muffled long kills, silent kills from afar, putting out lights (only one type of torch can be put out), hiding bodies in chests or closets. What's ridiculous is that a wardrobe that can clearly hold two bodies or one body and Styx gets filled after putting one corpse inside. Oh and you can't knock people out, so you either kill or evade them.The only interesting new mechanic is the clone. Basically tou hide the main character in a safe spot and summon a copy of yourself that you can use as a distraction or to clear the area from enemies and lights for you. The clone doesn't have any special abilities, apart from pushing through tight spaces. Styx can't fit there, despite being the exactly same size as the clone. What. The. Hell.The movement. You can jump, roll, climb on some ledges and hooks, fit under furniture and stick to cover. You can't: go round the corner of a ledge while you're hanging from it; quickly move from cover to cover, you may only go around the corner of the cover; you can't climb ropes, chains or other obviously climbable vertical elements, Jumping is also very, very clunky. You can adjust your trajectory while in the air, but it feels out of place and uncanny.The unlockable skills. Obviously there are some, because a game published after 2010 simply must have those! These are not even sorted into a tree and it's very easy to distinguish betwee the useful ones and the fillers. Taking two or three abilities that make Styx completely silent when he moves is enough to change game's difficulty from mediocre (while playing on the highest difficulty level) to easy-breezy.Overall, Styx is a genreic game that fulfils the bare minimum for a modern stealth title. If you're a hardcore fan of the genre, skip this one, as there is better stuff on the market for the same price, even on sale."
12498241809124908,Recommended,242640,16899615,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Sheikh bin Dhiyab Al Nahyan,"Really nice game. Makes me remind of THIEF 3, which I had played long back. Some places its bit hard to choose what to do in this game, which makes it open to multi solution. Almost finishing this, but already a fan of this game....."
,Recommended,242640,16901274,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,honsatan,recommended for anyone who enjoys stealth aspects of todays pc games. think splinter cell with fantasy.
76561197983762928,Recommended,242640,16868777,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ptolemy,"Styx is an excellent, underrated game that deserves more publicity and better sales than it has received. As a longtime fan of the old Thief games, Styx is one of the few stealth games I've played that feels like a spiritual descendent of those games. While it has generally been reviewed well, many common complaints read like parodies to me: people complain about the combat system of a game clearly designed to have you avoid combat, for example.I've been greatly enjoying the game and happily recommend it to anybody that is a fan of stealth games and the old Thief games. Playing on a lower difficulty allows you to kill everything without too much trouble, if that's your cup of tea and your preferred method of ""sneaking"" is killing everything in sight."
,Recommended,242640,16880492,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Assbad,"Apart from the subtitles which are littered with spelling and grammatical errors, this game is fantastic. Turn off subtitles and enjoy a really good stealth game with almost no annoying mechanics, some innovation, and maybe a slight lack of difficulty*. The developer obviously put a lot of work into this game- there are cutscenes rendered in-engine, drawn cutscenes, and a LOT of voicework. I've only played a small part of the game thus far, but I've been thinking about playing it again all day, definitely hooked!P.S.: Hooray for a stealth game that gets movement almost completely right- you can air-steer and it's very free-form overall. Bravo!*Take this with a grain of salt, they might just be taking it easy on us in the beginning of the game, even on Hardest (""Goblin"")."
76561197973371526,Recommended,242640,19817316,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,*****,.
76561198047302474,Recommended,242640,22507100,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,theveninja,"I don't normally like stealth games but this games is great. Its longer than I expected, the story isn't bad, level designs are insanely good, the AI are decent, there is endless playability, there are plenty of skills to be gained but they aren't overly powerfull, and finally the game is just plain beautifull."
76561198156823600,Not Recommended,242640,22309572,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Funboat,"Nope. Really disappointed with this game. Simply put, it's boring. Dishonored proved that stealth games could be ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. This game is evidence against that. It will put you to sleep, and honestly, that's really sad to admit."
,Recommended,242640,18080687,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,FAN-TA-SEA,one of the best stealth games ever.
76561198142640425,Recommended,242640,22261920,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Gonzalez87,"A real shadow game with limited rescources regarding the ""killing"" and bodies to hide, just like the first games of splintercell, but with good graphics.To that, you add multiple ways of going through a room like climbing or hiding from guard in a chest just like assassin's creed.One of the best games i played."
76561197972501510,Recommended,242640,19884203,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Coy Wonder,"Excellent stealth game with lot's of fun manuevers. Play it without killing a soul or be a cold-blooded killer, whatever your style, it suits it. The animations of the goblin are so nice and they really make the game feel like a thief/assassin game. I really enjoyed this one. At $7, it's a steal."
76561198083324281,Recommended,242640,28664980,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Anonymous2013,"Styx: Master of Shadows takes place in the world Of Orcs and Men. The action taking place after Styx parts ways with Arkail and sees about his daily life activities befiting a rogue.You play as Styx, a nimble goblin with many strange talents backed up by a winding and strange past. He is sarcastic, vulgar, greedy and sometimes a good guy.The actions starts in The Tower of Akenash, a massive tower built for mages and elves, where Styx wakes up unconcious in a dungeon and suffers a memory loss. Throughout the story Styx has moments where he remembers bits and pieces of his past and the reason why he is there.As gameplay Styx allows you to infiltrate an area by assasinating your way through enemies or taking full advantage of a goblin's abilities and remain undetected.Unlike other stealth or infiltration games where you play as a human, Styx is a goblin, meaning he is able to hide is unexpected areas such as drain pipes, under the tables, baskets and effortlessly pass though small or cramped areas offering you new paths to explore and achieve your objective faster.Styx is able to use his trusty dagger to make quick work of his enemies, But he is also able to use throwing daggers, acid bottles, poison food or water and make sand balls to create shadows for him to sneak through places undetected or create a distraction.Styx's supernatural abilities are his Amber powers. He has grown addicted to amber that leaves a visible ""amber scar"" on his body (and throughout the story he will complain about head aches) but in return, Styx can see though walls or turn invisible. Lastly Styx is able to create clones of himself and take direct control of them. The clones have lesser abilities and aren't as nimble as Styx, but they can distract enemies or reach areas Styx is otherwise unable to. Upgrading the clones will enable them to take out targets or even ambush enemies if they hide in a trunk, chest or pot.Overall Styx is a unique experience with a unique character that you will grow fond of (if you don't mind his mature humour). The combat won't be to many people's liking but they forget that Styx is a goblin; he is small and isn't phisically strong enough to send enemies flying across the room like Arkail was."
,Recommended,242640,28472693,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,galvanic,"This feels very much like oldschool Thief:* combat is very, very threatening, and completely hopeless against groups* kill mechanic is more or less thief's blackjacking* light/dark mechanic and noise are both factors* hunting for insignia is much like hunting for treasure in thief* the levels are incredibly huge and feature many paths, approaches, and devices* the maps are similarly sketchy and there's no precise map* the setting is not far from steampunk* the character (Styx) is not far from GarrettSo if you like Thief 1 and 2, try this one."
,Recommended,242640,28009715,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[JF!]The_Snatcher,"One of the best games the Stealth genre has to offer, a must have for all Stealth fans."
76561198267653815,Recommended,242640,28295784,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Aziret,"A really nice Stealth game with a capital 'S'. Even redoing different areas for XP and giggles was fun after playing through the game. As a negative, the final mission is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and even if it did end the story in a good way, I personally won't be doing that area again.If you enjoy sitting on a roof beam or a rafter pondering how to get a flask from a room full of guards, without anyone noticing... or how to kill em all without being found out (after all, you are a assassin), go for it!"
76561198181972955,Recommended,242640,29745017,Posted: 6 February,all,Boomtube,"First of all,This game captures the true essence of what it feels like to be a Goblin in the sense that everything in the game is bigger,stronger...etc,But as a stealth game to its core,It is very enjoyable and frustrating a couple of times but the quick save feature really helps you in the long run.In the end this is a very unique Stealth game I would recommend to anyone interested in the genre."
,Recommended,242640,28368857,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Del Mingus,"TL:DR a really good stealth game with a fantasy settingFull Version:Styx is a really impressive stealth game that probably flew under the radar for a lot of people. Styx is a goblin like creature who has to infiltrate the tower of Akanash in his quest to reach the World Tree. The tree is the source of amber, which gives Styx some powers which you can use to aid you. These include invisibility as well as amber vision which highlights enemies and other useful things. The best power though is that Styx can vomit up a clone which you can switch control to and use to distract or hinder guards.The level design is brilliant with various routes and shortcuts available. Some levels have side objectives which bag you extra skill points which you can use to improve Styx's skills. You also get more points for ghosting levels and also for not killing people which is enough motivation to challenge yourself further.The story was more impressive than I expected featuring some interesting twists and turns. There is combat, though it is clumsy and slow which is probably more a deterrent to force the player to rely on stealth with combat as an absolute last resort. This is reinforced by the fact some enemies cant be killed conventionally, forcing you to use things like dropping chandeliers on them or poisoning food and water to take them down.Good points:- brilliant stealth mechanics with Styx's amber powers giving you more options in how you approach things- the levels are really well designed offering you a variety of routes and shortcuts-the games story was better than expected and Styx is a great and interesting characterBad points:- the jumping and climbing can be very fiddly and imprecise and I died a few times because of this. For example you can unlock a hanging ledge kill ability, but try to jump up from a ledge from below and Styx will automatically pull himself up instead of hanging, rendering the ability mostly useless.- the second half of the game re-uses the levels from the first half, albeit with different start and end points and objectives. This did make the second half of the game a little more tedious but the fact the levels are really well designed in the first place alleviates this a little"
76561198140977473,Recommended,242640,28334226,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Subtle Marcus,You will play this game and become the ultimate infiltrator. It is very fun and this isnt one of those games where you can kill every witness. It takes too much time. This is a get in and get out as stealthy as possible without getting caught type of game. It will significantly change how you play other stealth games in the future.
,Recommended,242640,28358518,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,joeyk86,"IF you like stealth game, this is good. Most of the time, you just die when you confront an enemy. So you need to play smart.Your character can climb up, crawl under small tunnels, cast a decoy and go invisible. Play around with your environment, you can distract the guards with some sound made by your decoy, or you can invi all the way (unlikely as it will consume a lot of ember). OR you can slay everyone on your path.The game has an OK story but the it is not so easy of a stealth game.I recommend it as I did enjoy it (only when I successfully found the solution)."
,Recommended,242640,28103739,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,PullaStormy,"Otherwise a really good game, love the movement sensitivity and overall controls, but I always die when the guards attack me because I can't parry for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Would be nice if the game gave you a visual indication when you need to press the ♥♥♥♥ing X button.(I'm diagnosed with severe problems in eye-hand coordination (or what ever the ♥♥♥♥ it is called in English) and my condition renders this otherwise awesome game unplayable.)I still recommend for others to play, even tho I can't enjoy it myself."
76561198231580852,Recommended,242640,28043748,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Eroll,"I wasn't expecting such a cool story in a good stealth game :oThe only issue i have is that you are a bit ""punished"" if you kill people at the end of the mission (earn less xp or things like that) there should be a specific reward for each way to play.But definetly a must have if you like stealth game :)"
,Recommended,242640,26797254,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,S.G.P|Drek,"Stealthy, Stealthy, Sneaky, Sneaky, Stabby, Stabby ... look for a shiney.  If that style of game play appeals then this game is probably right for you. One of the best stealth games I have played, though does suffer being frustrating as hell as you try to figure things out."
76561198005948515,Recommended,242640,26831062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carbuncle,"This is a game for those that enjoy a more strategic and planning stealth experience.  If you liked games like Thief or other sneak/attack games, this is right up your alley.  The theming and main character are well presented, though the other characters outside of cutscenes are a bit robotic.  Scope and visuals are really good - sometimes a bit of vertigo can set in.Overall it's been a fun experience with occasional brief moments of frustration until a stealthy solution is discovered (timing becomes critical later on).  Highly recommend if stealth is your thing."
,Recommended,242640,27155975,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Celtic Beast,"Sneaky, stabby, goblin-y fun."
,Recommended,242640,27223456,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dzung,Fantastic Beasts and stealth
76561198007013597,Recommended,242640,27115363,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lambo,"If you like a stealthbased RPG where the protagonist isn't your usual 'good-guy-sorta' character, and you enjoy good humor and atmosphere, then you will absolutely love Styx: Master of Shadows.I first met Styx in Of Orcs and Men (Pick it up! its great) and when I heard he got his own game I had to see it, I loved the stealth sections of the previous game, and this baby did not let me down.Styx has a humor to it that is not often seen in other games of the genre, he's foulmouthed, rowdy and some times just a real♥♥♥♥♥♥ but he adds so much character to the game.The mechanics of the game also add a fresh breath of air, everything from pushing people off of ledges to hiding magically created goblin clones in boxes to ambus your unsuspecting victims is great fun :)All in all a solid game, and I can't wait for the second game of the series :)"
,Recommended,242640,27075867,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,QuiteCrazy,"Looking for good stealth, like to avoid violence? you came to the right place!Really good stealth mechanics, if you get spotted there's high chance of death.Combat is nice and need little practice to fight if spotted.can't tell much about story, i'm stuck in 1 mission for hours exploring.5/5 like the game.."
,Recommended,242640,27082235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ice | ColdSphinX,You like stealth and fantasy? Try this. Loooove it :)
,Recommended,242640,27244593,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shimodesign,"The best stealth game I've played in a while.combat isn't very good, but that just serves to enforce that you HAVE to play stealthily vs more AAA titles tend to have the ability to brute force your way through."
,Recommended,242640,28705099,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Butterball,"Just a brif jaunt through:Good graphics.Good controls.Heavy stealth mechanics which seem well done, melee is like tertiary at best, so no real combat (and what turns me off to it.)Engine runs very well and looks good.Not the game for me, but it's a good title and if you're looking for a full-stealth game, this is probably the best one on here. It's a solid game in it's own right."
,Recommended,242640,28695651,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CaptainSnagglefuffs,if ur looking for 30+ hours of game playthis is the game for you 7 out of 10 rating for mea good game for shorta good stealth gamethough the game lacks tutorials -_-
,Recommended,242640,30986899,Posted: 6 April,all,gr8gonzo,"TL;DR: Great game. This is basically Splinter Cell in a fantasy setting. I got about 60 actual hours out of it and 100% of the achievements (for once), so $30 is well worth the value.Most of the bad reviews seem to be ignorant of the game mechanics or think this is supposed to be some combat-heavy game. For example, one person said, ""There is no mechanic for dealing with armored enemies."" Um, yeah there is. Drop a crate or chandelier on them. About the only thing you CAN'T kill is an orc (but they're placed as traps rather than as roaming enemies).There are a bazillion ways to be stealthy in this game, and it's actually FUN to beat each level without raising alarms or without killing anyone, although you get different achievements for different play styles (e.g. the ""Serial Murderer"" achievement requires 200 kills, while the ""Unseen  Unknown"" achievement requires you to get the Shadow insignia on every level).Someone else complained about maps being repeated - yeah, at different parts of the game you're heading BACK from where you went, and this time you're headed in the opposite direction with different enemies and challenges that still make the map different and fun (you might go OUT through a door, and later you have to find a window to climb through to go back IN, etc).The only negative things for me were:1. The voice acting / script is irritating. Your character first jokes about not farting (are we 10?) and later on is constantly angry and throwing out expletives about the most ridiculously-minor challenges. It just didn't sync up very well with the rest of the game, but since the character isn't constantly talking, it's okay...2. Sometimes your character jumps onto platforms or hangs from ledges when you don't want him to (e.g. climbing onto a platform with a torch, which burns you). Doesn't happen often but when it does, it's a little annoying.3. The map on the PC version doesn't have an indicator of where you are, so you have to sort of figure it out on your own, and it's a 2-D map, which can make it difficult to visualize things sometimes.Aside from those items, I thought it was a fantastic game!"
,Recommended,242640,29095973,Posted: 7 January,all,Zinx,"Great stealth game, action is fun, not pure stealth but definitely hard if you get detected. Pretty worth if on sale."
,Recommended,242640,28895788,Posted: 1 January,all,Ammy,the only way they make the game harder as it nears the end is adding more crap that instantly kills you. the game also gets very linear around when they start introducing orcs. other than that it is a very good game
76561198023019827,Recommended,242640,13119159,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: DecentLikes:- True stealth game- Open-ended solutionsDislikes:- Enemies are pretty dumb (on Normal mode)- Enemies detecting you seems a bit inconsistent- There is little incentive to collect coins -- you need to collect all of them to get credit, some coins take a lot of work, and the reward is not worth the effort- There is little incentive to explore the levels (the main incentive is to collect coins)- The voice acting"
,Not Recommended,242640,20705184,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Hisasi,"Not a big fan of the hardcore stealth aspect, even though I love me some stealth games like MGS, Hitman, Spec Ops and the like.The story and characters, map design and voice acting in this game is super great, but sadly I'll have to say no to this game.Buy this if you're reallyreallyinto stealth."
76561198275754778,Recommended,242640,29022211,Posted: 4 January,all,idk_jeez,Its like a potty-mouthed version of Sly Cooper
,Recommended,242640,27512849,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NoXx5489,"Different than the usual trend of stealth games you see everywhere on steam. Its take on stealth action and fun makes this underrated game a gem to remember. Not a solid 10/10 because some artifactual glitches, but a good 8 would do it in my opinion."
,Recommended,242640,27515661,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Willi Würstchen,Underrated Stealth-Only game with a (imho) nice story.
76561198020012967,Recommended,242640,27582262,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Hooleygan,A very solid stealth game. Majorly excited for the sequel!
,Recommended,242640,27913114,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wolf of Damnation,"High stealth, low combat focused game. Very Fun."
76561198229231924,Recommended,242640,27885367,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,teufel_barde,"Styx: master of shadows is a stealth game with ties to the first game in the ""of orcs and men series"".The plot is pretty interesting, and is by far the best part of the game, while not extremely deep, its well told. humans have built a massive structure called the atrium, inside is the world tree, the source of all amber and a holy site for the elves, who use the place to birth new elves. The elves and humans have entered a thin alliance, where in the humans are allowed to study the amber of the tree, on the condition the elves can still use the tree and it comes to no harm. However, the main character, styx, who was affected by the amber, can hear the thoughts of all the elves and humans who have touched the amber, he hears them constantly, and wants nothing more than for it all to stop. To that end, he is going to try to steal the heart of the tree.The gameplay of styx is decent, its a solid par for stealth games. You have the standard skills of hiding, climbing, running and so on. You also have three abilities, amber vision, invisiblity and cloning. Amber vision allows you to highlight things in your line of sight, invisibility is as you might expect, you are impossible to see for a set period of time. Cloning however, allows you to create a copy of yourself to interact with the enviroment, draw attention and blow up to create smoke. Using these, you must complete missions, split into three or four parts, with sub objectives in each section. During each mission you gain experience, from completing main objectives, sub objectives, and from completing challanges that are present throughout every mission. Don't trigger the alarm, don't kill anyone, collect all the coins in the levels and complete the mission within a set time limit. You use experience to improve your skills.However, alot of maps within the game are reused, you will sometimes pass through the same map three times during the course of the game. The only differences being enemy placement and that certain areas of that map are accessable. This feels a bit lazy, but at the same time its nice to already know how to get around a map. This does create one rather annoying issue, there are some aspects of the map that can only be used during later or earlier missions, but still allow you to interact with them as if something might happen. The two worst examples being a safe that couldn't be opened no matter how many times i tried to open it, only to find it could only be opened later in the game. And a door that was clearly marked, but had no way of being opened, even if i pressed the button.Graphically, the game isn't ugly, but it isn't pretty either. Most of the character models look rather uninspired, most look like they were taken from world of warcraft with the armour some of them wear. The actual look of all the levels are pretty unremarkable as well, falling into one of two catagories, clean marble castle, and ugly underbelly. The only interesting models are those of the goblins, which are pretty nice looking, however, like a suprising amount of character models, their clothing clips through them very frequently. The dialog is pretty lackluster for anyone but styx, who has some pretty good lines and a pretty badass speech at the end of the game. None of it is Deus Ex levels of bad, but the worst is the one line you'll hear most of the plebs yell ""BY THE HEART OF THE TREE!"".The game also suffers from poor animation, the cutscenes that are not image stills look terrible, with items levitating between characters hands, necks stretching out awkwardly and lots of lip flapping. This also happens in game as well, with styx not even touching hand holds or just straight up clipping through things. This doesn't happen all the time, but when it does, it can be jarring. The worst one i remember happening is when one guy handed a key over to another as if he were using the force.Overall, i did and did not enjoy Styx. I found the plot extremely good, but only because of the two great plot twists at the middle and end of the game, which, if you are a fan of ""Of Orcs and Men"", you will love. I found the gameplay enjoyable, but simplistic, and sometimes buggy in certain areas, especially when loading a save and enemy locations have suddenly changed or a soldier across the map is now searching for me. By the end i was wanting it to be finished, and thought it should have ended a mission earlier. The medal related to getting the coins is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥on every mission to get and sometimes, the abilities you have are the only possible way out of a situation.I could only recommend this game to fans of the original ""Of Orcs and Men"" game, people who like third person stealth games (as its one of the better examples of the genre) and those of you who are looking for a budget dishonored game. Its not the worst, but its far from being the best."
,Recommended,242640,27491662,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MARTiiiiNN,Pretty good stealth game.
,Recommended,242640,24047068,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,★ Glen Coco ★,"Really fun game with really outstanding level design. Optimization could be better and some of the textures look a bit outdated, but ultimately well worth the money if you enjoy the stealth/infiltration game genre!"
76561198010738624,Recommended,242640,27597874,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blue Orbit,"Pros: Story was sort of interesting, but felt very forced.  I liked the ""twist"" midgame.Cons:   A lot of the mechanics felt glitchy and inconsistent.  I found guard behavior particularly frustrating - sometimes guards have timer triggers, sometimes they have ""checkpoint"" triggers, and you don't know which unless you either a.) try it and die, or b.) sit in a barrel for 15 minutes waiting for something to happen.Ingenuity did not feel rewarded - trying to lure 10 guards under a chandelier trap, but only the original guards underneath it were killed.Sometimes guards have xray vision, and sometimes they can shoot through walls.Maybe the walls don't exist - I found myself falling through walls on occasion.  I also fell through wood planks and ""amber tree roots"" to my death several times.Banelings aren't difficult, but are tedious and boring.  Hold shift and walk for 10 minutes, no tactical play, no thought, just... walk around them.  That's the best/most consistent strategy to dealing with banelings.Also felt like many plot holes with the character interaction (the banelings don't attack the guards, even though they are attracted to and attack ""any noise""?  The untamed orcs also don't attack guards? why are they in chains/cells if they aren't dangerous TO THE GUARDS?!).I would have voted ""No"" if it hadn't kept me engaged for 10 hours.  I probably won't play it again though, even to finish it, because the inconsistency is just too frustrating at this point."
76561198272561211,Recommended,242640,27802734,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alex,"A well crafted and fun game. A real headscratcher at times. If tou´re a fan of stealth and thinking-realated games, Styx: Master of Shadows is something I recomend. Can sometimes be a bit repetetive, but a good gameplay and story suffice for a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,242640,27865671,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NixSar,"Styx is just a little gem. Its stealth mechanics are varied, well suited to its level design, they universally work and are, perhaps most importantly, fun. Graphics are very nice and detailed at 2560x1440, the character is responsive, quick and moves nimbly, a very important characteristic for a stealth infiltration game. The levels are quite huge, diverse and offer many, many approaches to a problem. You can kill or avoid NPCs and both tactics were fun for me. Miles ahead of titles like Thief or Hitman…"
76561198208902459,Recommended,242640,27870864,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,EliteTinman,I like this game
76561197991394366,Recommended,242640,27716517,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hayduke,"Super fun twist on stealth action/fps.  Rewards you for exploring too, thanks devs!  I highly recommend this underated gem."
,Recommended,242640,28193987,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,White Eyes32,"Remember how Dishonored was fun and allowed you to take multiple paths through a level?This game puts Dishonored to shame. Like, imagine the verticality of Assassin's Creed multiplied by ten, and then made into an actually fun game."
76561198006330829,Recommended,242640,28053245,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,kromanjon,This is great. And I dont even like stealth games.
,Recommended,242640,28050899,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pumpkin_Pie,"You won't get as much loot as Garret.You won't get as many toys as Sam Fisher.You definitely won't be as honorable as Rikimaru.And you will not be talking over the codec either.But that's okay whenthere are voices in your headHowever, the tools you're provided with are more than enough to make this game an extremely solid title in the stealth genre.The cloning mechanic allows tactical solutions to enemy layouts. I really felt like a master of distraction and misdirection at times.The music is breathtaking. The visuals are stunning, the Tower of Akenash feels humongous and alive.As with many games, the controls are actually better if you know what you're doing.It's (relatively) short. I completed 100% of the stuff to do in 50-55 hours.That didn't stop me from messing around afterwards, just because it's so enjoyable.There is a fair amount of backtracking (or revisiting).The plot is okay. The characters are not very memorable, excluding the protagonist.I can recommend this title to anyone who enjoyed stealth games of the 90/00 era."
76561198250787894,Recommended,242640,28259873,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Serendipity,"This game gets right what many other, much more resourced games do not even start to understand. It essentialy does stealth well, with an immersive environment and no stupid distractions, such as quicktime events or time wasting minigames. It also does not pain you with excessive action oriented components, delivering exactly what it promises.It is just gritty enough, maintaining a dark but goofy tone with characters sufficiently well crafted and acted.It is easy to grow from here and I hope the publishing house improves on a few aspects, such as occasional dodgy detection and simply creates nice maps, possibly introducing gadgets that can slightly innovate gameplay without ruining it.Reccomended if you truly enjoy stealth and the idea of being a mean goblin"
,Recommended,242640,29218585,Posted: 12 January,all,Justin,One of the best stealth games I've played.
76561198004270965,Recommended,242640,30200284,Posted: 26 February,all,ROBOCARP,"Fantastic game. I enjoy stealth games and have to say this is one of the best modern ones out there alongside the likes of Dishonored. It has very free movement to reach your objectives, you can reach your target from multiple different angles, and it is very open ended. There are also a variety of skills and tactics which you can utilize to achieve your more enjoyable style of play. This is first and foremost a stealth game. Don't go into this looking for a decent combat experience because that plays a very small role here. The dialogue, characters and story are also great. The world building is very unique in that nothing is spoon fed to you, you're dropped into this world with good lore and you can make your own judgments from there on.Great stealth game glad I picked it up"
76561198057947883,Recommended,242640,30193269,Posted: 26 February,all,Catmiller,that silky smooth  stealth gameplay absolutely loved it ... now cant wait for the Shards of Darkness ...8/10....Cyanide Studio  plz do more stealth games :)
76561198054823655,Recommended,242640,30206384,Posted: 26 February,all,richardvadams,Great game so far.. It reminds me of the first two Thief games. VERY much a stealth game - don't get spotted. I've had no problems with the controlls using a 360 controller on PC running Windows 7. It's quite tough but not impossible and the skill upgrades are interesting. Note: I am a very big fan of Dishonoured. This seems to be scratching the same itch. I DID pick it up whilst on deep discount and only paid £4.99 for it. WELL worth that price.
,Recommended,242640,30219121,Posted: 27 February,all,Eärendil,"Well the story and characters could've been more interesting and less fantasy-related weird trees etc. But all in all it has an amazig gameplay. I've read that people are complaining about combat sytstem but, to be honest, combat is for plebs who murders everyone in first sight.. I dont know how many times I loaded that game just because I was seen. Its a stealth game ffs, and its stealth gameplay is truely amazing almost dishonored-level. Level design is as good as it gets. 420/10"
,Recommended,242640,18463301,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,ReeceMix,"Really excellent stealthy game with lots of replay value to get 100%Very Minor Ledge Jump Issues (due to dumb placement of collision)ONE game breaking bug !!!!!!TIP: when the Elf is in your Hideout DONT replay any missions at that point !!!!Apart from that It's Awesome , Really looking forward to the Sequel !"
76561198234745616,Recommended,242640,30267198,Posted: 1 March,all,MindCrusader,"I am new to this genre, so I may be not best ""reviewer"" to this type of game, I bought it just due to Warhammer world.I really like this game, it gives a lot of possibilities to come across guards - you chose one of several ways. You can use some skills to do it also - you can clone yourself and make enemy leave you alone to go through, you can make noise to lure and then kill them alone, you can poision food to get rid of them without fighting. Graphics are well, even for now! Some people say story is boring - for me not at all.""For me this game is 10/10 and I am waiting for new Styx (already ordered)"
,Recommended,242640,30266414,Posted: 1 March,all,Candyman!,Check this game out if you love your stealth action.It might have some flaws in graphics and maybe ai but it does its gameplay pretty well.
76561197987275207,Recommended,242640,30240357,Posted: 28 February,all,EL_GhouL,"I noticed that review score for Styx is going down lately and decided to jump in, bumping it up a bit. It is a really neat game, overall. Maybe not Half-Life kind of story, etc, but definitely entertaining. Looking at my stats I see that I only spent 29 hours here. Well, it really felt longer. But I guess it happened because I was mostly playing in the evenings. I was using a gamepad, so I don't remember anything horribly wrong with controls. Graphics is good, the story is entertaining. Quite a few times in the game I found myself thinking ""Oh, nooo, don't find me here. There is no one in this corner, walk along!"" - I guess that qualifies as ""entertaining"" or ""involving"". Also, I have not yet received all of the achievements, so I will be coming back to this game at some point. When I get some free time :)"
76561198054148366,Recommended,242640,30188226,Posted: 25 February,all,Somewhat Uncomfortable,"Dam, what a fantastic as game. I love stealth games, and this is by far the best i have come across. Its so far ahead in its genre and is beautifully thought out. This stealth game actually requires you to spend 5-10 minutes analyzing the surroundings, guard patrol and planning out a route before you get started, and just as you think you have the right route BAM, something that you didnt see pops out, requiring you to think on your feet. The side missions and playstyle bonus add a nice touch to the game, requiring you to enhance your sneak capability in order to pass without setting off any alarms, increase your duel ability by killing everyone and even expand your perception as you hunt for relics and coins. All in all a fantastic game, one i recommend highly to other stealth lovers and also to anyone wanting to pick up a beautiful game.10/10 would drop chandeliers on people :D"
76561198102850854,Recommended,242640,30298276,Posted: 3 March,all,DreadfulMustache,This is a really good game :)
,Recommended,242640,30334504,Posted: 5 March,all,mclaud2000,"Pretty nice stealth game, not a common genre. Took 16 hours to complete."
76561198129417572,Recommended,242640,30318856,Posted: 4 March,all,Airborne Fire Bee,"If you're looking for a hardcore stealth game, this is it.This game honestly rocks at what it does, especially on the hardest difficulty: ""Goblin"", which will make you feel like a real greenskinned runt as you die in one hit, yet are able to strike effectively and clear a path with enough thought.The story for this game is very interesting, which was something I did not expect at all. The design of Styx is well done and the voice actor really sells it with his witty remarks and curses, and also does a good job of conveying the underlying torment of Styx. This alone has made me interested enough to look into the original game which this is a prequel to: Of orcs and men.My one gripe about this game are the cutscenes, which use are animated rather poorly, with objects floating in character's hands and lips not being synced up properly, but don't let this sway you from buying the game, it makes up for this with great storytelling and compelling gameplay.TL;DRExcellent stealth gameplay, a story that really drives you, poor cutscenesAny fan of dishonored or the metal gear franchise should definitely give this game a look.9/10"
76561198321009380,Recommended,242640,30353168,Posted: 6 March,all,Savage Gaming,"A great stealth game and not too taxing on your hardware. Your main character has some great humor and is a pleasant break from the seriousness of the stealth component. I have 15 hours so far and have managed to progress nicely. It does get progressively more difficult but the rewards are worth it. Saying that, secondary quests are not just for the way side and actually add value to the game and give you much needed experience to make this game easier. In a nutshell the focus is on patience, stealth, clever thinking and making the level your own. For the price its worth it and I definitely will be getting the sequel."
76561198045086743,Recommended,242640,31889371,Posted: 21 May,all,☣Dxeatyh,its an awesome stealth game
76561198047868578,Recommended,242640,31961422,Posted: 25 May,all,jcbvickers,A really unique stealth game with a great story
76561197991808695,Recommended,242640,31945919,Posted: 24 May,all,acesahn,"I havent played a true stealth game in such a long time... what a welcome experience this was.  I had no real expectations, but even still, I am very pleased.  You sneak around levels with multiple pathways, some direct, timing the patrols of the guards, others indirect like looking for hooks on the wall to climb and jump over, while watching out for archers, or finding a tiny crack through the walls and tunnels that create shortcuts.  There's also a reward for playing merciful, its quite a challenge and gets your heart racing, but murdering people is a whole of fun as well."
76561198342413593,Recommended,242640,32025836,Posted: 28 May,all,adam666,"Well, to start things off, I like games with stealth and when I first saw this game it seemed brilliant. So I bought despite a few negative reviews and at first it was good, I liked the design and it has a good storyline, but it didn't meet my expectations. That being said, its not a bad game, its just not worth the price. Luckily, I got it on sale so thats good. The game is not worth the price is all i'm saying. Wait for a sale or the price to go down. The sequel came out and I'm actually looking forward to it, that is if they improved the gameplay and put more content."
,Recommended,242640,24730964,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,xor511,"Good stealth game with decent storyline.I played it once all the way to the end, I do not see much replayability but I did not expect it, it is not the kind of game I would look for for replayability."
76561198166531149,Recommended,242640,16876343,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,선인장 (Kaktus),7/10+Graphic is good enought (at least for me)+Some RPG elements+More ways how to pass throught room+Music and audio overall+Story-Cutscenes (bad character walking etc.)-Sometimes bad voice acting-Parkour is little bit bugged (you have mark at place where you should land if you press button to jump and you will land somewhere else.It happened to me like 5times)TL:DR- Do you like stealth ? Yes ? Then buy it while game is on sale(I think its not worth full price which is now 29.99€ I bought it on sale for like 7€)
,Recommended,242640,31599662,Posted: 7 May,all,Axton,nice maps
,Recommended,242640,31604472,Posted: 7 May,all,Smexx | Scouttraining,I regret Refunding this.
76561198186283217,Recommended,242640,31615787,Posted: 7 May,all,wicked337,"Challenging missions, open level design, and stays true to being an actual stealth game instead of a watered down stealth lite."
76561198018909929,Recommended,242640,31632299,Posted: 8 May,all,triacona,"Amazing, great gameplay, fast loading, and re-loading, and amazing scenery and graphics and textures!"
76561198098377591,Recommended,242640,31634262,Posted: 8 May,all,RuSSiaN PuNcH,Great Stealth Game
76561198064851255,Not Recommended,242640,20306572,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dodge Me Again,"As a person who plays long games like this, it gets repetitive and boring. I dont recommend it, I couldnt even finish it."
76561198303371635,Recommended,242640,31789280,Posted: 16 May,all,SoupDaGlu™,Words Can't Describe The Devotion That I Have On This Game!
76561198006599968,Recommended,242640,32110892,Posted: 1 June,all,Corax,Reccomend?? Yes until the last level great game but it takes a HUGE downwards spiral on the last level. The enemies are SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO op its not even funny or cute. There is literally no way to get away from them and you have 3 knives and cant touch them in melee yeah ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242640,16844761,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Katczinsky,The most glitching save/load simulator i've ever played10/10
76561198084674911,Recommended,242640,32161183,Posted: 3 June,all,Airteez,"5/10I had a little fun with this title. I do share some of the same criticism as other reviewers in that, having to go thru the same stage multiple times got old and I took a break from this title several times because of it. Having finally finished the game, I thought it was ok. The stealth aspect of the game is very basic but good for what it does.  Some reviewers say stealth doesnt work because guards found them instantly.. Well YEAH! If they see you jump in a cabinet, or you run around the corner and then a guard walks or runs right into you, or  you think you are hidden but a guard pulls your sorry carcass from under a table and beats you to death.. yeah.. that happens! But its hardly a game fault.. If you want to hide.. GET OUT OF SIGHT, AND STAY STILL IN THE SHADOWS.  Movement will get you discovered. Having a guard stumble into you while you are invisible WILL GET YOU DISCOVERED.  I personally thought the stealth system was a bit too generous!  So, I dont understand some of the negative comments on that.I recommend this title with the caveate that it is a grinder and it does have it's redundancy in that area.. The language at times is uneccesarily brash and vulgar. This wasn't a turn off for me but I did wince once or twice at the thought of kids playing this title.  The story is okay and gameplay has its moments.. good and bad.. Replay value is ZERO.. I dont know anyone who would willingly go thru that grind again but overall the game was mildly entertaining.Conclusion: If you want a game to get lost in and waste a few hrs with no real reward other than furthering story. This is it!"
,Recommended,242640,31177695,Posted: 16 April,all,Mizipzor,An awesome goblin stealth game with great level design and many paths. Additional abilities are unlocked as you progress which opens up even more approaches. A true gem.
76561198134062729,Not Recommended,242640,17336687,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DaCakePlays,The game is way to difficult and the gameplay is quite poor. I really wish i did not buy the game. I suggest u do not make the same mistake i did. The stealth is pretty ok but it can be improved in some areas.The game has minor glitches which has to be worked on. This games autosave is really bad. Like it doesent save alot. You have to pause the game and save it yourself. What if someone forgets to save? Like it autosaves every LEVEL. And each level is really long.I really dont like ths game. I support other people's opinions on this game whether bad or good. It's your choice. Im just giving you my opinion.
,Recommended,242640,32174748,Posted: 4 June,all,Sorval,"This game is underrated and underexposed. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys stealth, a robust progression system, and/or a VERY engaging, well-planned, fleshed-out story.If you like acing every level without having to kill a single guard, then you'll like this game, although there are some side objectives that involve eliminating a target (NOTE: you will still get credit for not killing anyone if you kill said target), but that's easy to skip if you so choose.In fact, on the highest difficulty, any and all combat is removed. If you're caught, you die, outright. That's the setting I recommend. Tense, rewarding, and intricately designed. The best stealth game I've played this decade."
,Recommended,242640,32293292,Posted: 9 June,all,TH3xR34P3R,This is a great game to get better at stealth with and the quips from the characters give you a good chuckle the first time you hear them as you play through the story of it.
76561197990075035,Recommended,242640,33700218,Posted: 21 July,all,Shambling GoatMother,I finally beat this game on goblin mode. One word I would use to describe it: FUNSTERATING
76561198028091816,Recommended,242640,33762793,Posted: 24 July,all,Illuminati MLG,"Fun game with quite the creative story.Some stuff is not so great due to the age of the game, like the controls being a little silly at some points (stuff like trying to let Styx hang on the ledge that you're staying on, so you have to jump down, rotate, and grab it very fast, often missing it) but that's just a small part of the whole and if you can overcome that it's fun.The skill point system is okay too, you get points after every mission and if you did more than necessary then you get more points as well."
76561198025093178,Recommended,242640,33934980,Posted: 31 July,all,ihKu47,"I was sure I reviewed this game already. While I don't care much for Styx's persona, the gameplay is very solid, the visual design is nice, the audio creates a nice atmosphere and the level design is pretty amazing in many places. Plus, it's a stealth game where you get to play as a goblin, so there is that.Seriously, it's a great stealth title and if you're a fan of the genre you will like it too. If you're just curious about the genre and want to try a title out, you should think about how much the setting engages you. If you like high fantasy and gobbos, go for Styx or its sequel! If you like medieval steam punk and classic fantasy thief, go for one of the original Thief games. If you like something with a more modern era feel, go for Metal Gear Solids."
,Recommended,242640,34050817,Posted: 5 August,all,Dauntless3788,"I have recently become addicted to the stealth genre again after a few years of playing Action, FPS, and RTS games. I have played through the entirety of the Thief series (aside from the cruddy fourth one) before and so I got all them on Steam. I have also played through the first few Splinter Cell games. I have managed to complete the first four Metal Gear Solid games as well! I say all this because to be honest, all of them are so good in their own rights that I was skeptical anything could be as good!I am writing this, not because of arrogance or bragging, but because I wanted anyone reading this review to understand my backstory with the genre when I say that this game is not only a worthy addition to the Stealth genre, but a LEADER amongst the titans. I would put amongst titles like Thief 2: The Metal Age and Metal Gear Solid 3. The gameplay is perfect. The graphics are beautiful. The storyline is pretty good, although even if it wasn't the gameplay itself would make the game far above average. I also enjoy the soundtrack which has some of the classic ""sneaky"" sounds to it (like if Bugs Bunny were tip-toing across a room) combined with a dark-fantasy string section which melds into a sound which I enjoy.This wouldn't be a complete review if I didn't mention our star: Styx. Styx is a Goblin (or something like one) which makes him smaller than the average person. This makes him outrageously well built for stealth, and the game takes advantage of that by allowing him to sneak and hide in areas that characters like Garrett and Snake could never get into. He has a armory of great tools which are both useful and unique. A great part about his tools is they never seem gimmicky, where they are used only on very specific puzzles, but are multi-functional enough to give the player the ability to create his own playstyle. The only issue I have with the character are his controls. Occasionally it seems like they dont function at all (like dropping down and grabbing certain ledges) and there are moments when I feel there was an obvious feature that they should have added (like being able to go around corners while hanging from a ledge).Overall, its a fantastic game with some minor control issue. If you like the Stealth genre then your collection will never be complete without this game! Give it a go!"
,Recommended,242640,34064253,Posted: 6 August,all,bidipeppercrap,"This game is fun, I actually get the idea behind this game!The story is mesmerizing! Amber, Tree of Life and etc. Is really Phenomenal!Althought I found some ""little"" messy stealth bug. But it's okay, it's just a little and occurs less often."
76561198060482338,Recommended,242640,33398615,Posted: 9 July,all,Oblivious,"Fun stealth game and you get to play as a goblin. There is combat and plenty of killing if you want to play that way (i did) I bought on sale and enjoyed every part of the game (music, story, gameplay) defnitely worth"
76561198133995125,Recommended,242640,34385836,Posted: 20 August,all,Jaws.,hidden gem forsure
,Recommended,242640,29531031,Posted: 27 January,all,BOT Heinrich Kramer,Better than Shards of Darkness.
,Recommended,242640,34160278,Posted: 10 August,all,That Sneaky Little Goblin,"OK, this is just to clear up something. If you look at the revews for this game, a lot of people give it a negatif rating because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat. THIS IS A STEALTH GAME, YOU ARE NOT SUPOSSED TO FIGHT PEOPLE!!! The combat if supposed to make you feel weak and pathetic since you're just a little goblin.With that out of the way, this is a fun game. Defenatly not perfect, but it takes a lot of elements from dishonered and the batman arkham franchise. If you're a fan of theses games, then this will be a greate time for you. It is challenging (if you put it on hard or goblin) and is a good sealth expiriance. Although, there are some things in the game that will turn off some players. This is a better game for new stealth players or players who just wanna have fun with a stealth game and not be super invested in the game. Of corse, this doesn't meen that the story is bad, its just that compered to dishonored or deus ex, the experiance is much more tonned down.Over all, I really like this game, but I can see its problems. It is a very enjoiable expiriance, although it is not as intense or story heavy like other stealth games. I give this game a good 7.8 out of 10.*note that I am not finished with the game, and I entend to comlet everything in it."
76561198027994280,Recommended,242640,13650452,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ismaru,"Unexpectedly great. Had a lot of fun sneaking around. I really felt like a goblin rogue, but I do have some criticisms for this hidden gem.After like two or three levels I wanted to get a perfect score on every level. By doing so you need to finish the level without killing anybody (among other things). This resulted in me barely ever using any of the skills I had at my disposal to kill targets, such as poisoning or using my clone. Unfortunately this caused ""doing your best"" to skip a bunch of cool features, but I didn't find that worth replaying missions. This is also because level designs are used often (you go up & down a big tower a few times, that's the ""world"" you play in).Furthermore, this game had unnecessarily much swearing in it. I'm not against swearing or anything, in fact I think it can enhance a games dialogue, if used sparingly. This just felt overdone.All in all, definitely worth playing. I'm glad I gave it a shot.Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,242640,34227022,Posted: 13 August,all,yipiyip,"First of all, Dishonored is NOT a stealth game. Assassin's Creed? Nope, not stealth. The new Thief game? Nope, not one bit. Styx is an old-school stealth game, through and through. ACTUAL fans of the stealth genre will be pleased, but the people responsible for what the Elder Scrolls became (looking at you, dumbing-downers) will be upset that they aren't gods who can mary-sue their way through the beautiful levels and amazing story."
76561198238307084,Recommended,242640,34318153,Posted: 17 August,all,MAHA3369,For Stealth game lover must never miss this game!
76561198178021662,Recommended,242640,34954227,Posted: 14 September,all,The Unsullied,"Styx master of shadows is a fun stealth game, you will rely on your gobliny skills, like throwing globs of spit and sand onto torches, and magic, such as summoning a doppelganger. Your aim is To move through missions without being detected. There are also meaningful choices in the game, such as assassinating someone for a quick elimination or choke your foes just to knock them out.I haven't played much of this game as it's not easy.The levels are well thought out and from the beginning, this game proves a challenge. I'm not the best at stealth games, but this takes the cake in terms of gameplay mechanics and creativity. Styx also helps relieve tension during tough missions by cracking a horrible joke or breaking the 4th wall.In summary, this is a fun stealth game, and if your looking for a challenge or just a breath of fresh air this is the game for you."
76561197970712242,Recommended,242640,34941511,Posted: 13 September,all,ithaqua,"A very fun game, feels a bit like Dishonored and Splinter Cell, but in it's own unique enviroment. The game play is smooth and easy to control. I highly recomend this game if you enjoy stealth/assasination games."
76561198007267250,Recommended,242640,35052753,Posted: 18 September,all,MADhorseKD,"Where 'Of Orcs and men' had a more tactical game play and light roleplay elements, the story had been spot on. It had actual well written main characters, especially Styx.This game tells you the story of Styx and his beginnings, lightly touched upon in the first game.After just finishing it, i can say i stuck around for mainly that.The gameplay itself is pretty decent. Though the controls may be Jank at times and the Ai can be weird (maybe due to all the Amber they take, i dunno). Think assassins creed but less good in terms of mechanics. there is no automatic ledge walking and if you want to drop down a ledge, oh boy is it fiddly. The bug enemies are the worst. Blind but the slightest movement triggers their hearing and they rush onto you to inspect. If they find you, it might as well be game over. Like most enemies, enough will stun lock you and end your run. The bugs are fast enough to simply do that themselves.You revisit a lot of areas and there is actually a lot to explore. Very time consuming and especially hard on a 'no kill' run.There are in fact multiple ways for you to complete a map and ive even done speedruns on them.If you want the best experience, get a trainer and cheat in all the skill points for all the abilities off the bat.Tl;DR: loved the story, jank assassins creed controls, big levels that you revisit."
76561198158767870,Recommended,242640,35220667,Posted: 26 September,all,Samuro,"A great game for everyone who loves stealth games, fantasy and a immersive story.The only critics i have is that the levels are repetitive and reaching the mission goal is way easier than finding all medallions."
76561198055216336,Recommended,242640,35265223,Posted: 28 September,all,nog168,"When I first saw this game, I was intrigued by it. A Fantasy/Steampunk-ish setting with an interesting protagonist that was a stealth game. Let me tell you, it was worth waiting to buy it. It's AWESOME. This game is hands down the best stealth game since the original Thief. Being stealthy isn't an option. So if you're more the run and gun, don't bother. It's not for you. The story is decent, and gets better the more you play the game. It has it's comedic moments but for the most part the thrill of being able to 'dispose' of every guard or sneak past them is the best part. I honestly could not recommend this game more. So stop reading this and just buy it already!"
,Recommended,242640,35218599,Posted: 26 September,all,detective_sokka,MASSIVELY UNDERRATEDCombat is not an option and that is a good thing.Story is pretty decent8/10
76561198204045849,Not Recommended,242640,35507679,Posted: 5 October,all,SoLo,Help me plss why always crashi play 20hrs already
