user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198147286647,Recommended,242680,19517143,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,L3V14TH4N,"I sent one of the developers an email asking about gamepad support, responded in like 2 hours, next week full gamepad support. 10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10, these people genuinely care about their fans."
,Recommended,242680,19508373,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SLEEPCYCLES,"The first time I played the game, I said to myself ""I'll be playing a lot more of this"". Now its my job."
,Recommended,242680,11487637,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Kakujo,"Do you know crunch? I mean, do you truly know the incredibly visceral, powerful and satisfying feedback that is crunch? Now go into Nuclear Throne and smack a maggots nest with a sledgehammer. Go on, I don't mind. Being inanimate text that a person typed and then abandoned, I have no sense of time. It'll be like kicking good vibes across a punch bowl (I'm also hit-and-miss with simile).Okay, you're back! How was it-- Ohhh, I know that look! Your eyes have the enlightened glint of one who has tried the good stuff, the real deal, the prime reserve. You can't go back, now. Now, you know crunch. The real crunch. This is Nuclear Throne, and it's appeal cannot be simply summed up in a few words. It's referred to as an ""action roguelike-like(-like)"" because it is difficult to put into a genre. Because it is its own genre. If I were to call it anything, it would probably be ""Randomly-Generated Action Crunch with Permadeath"", which I am predicting will be a cereal by 2019 (sans permadeath, unless we don't have randomly-generated cereals by then, in which case I WANT to die).Everything about this game is crunchy. There's a power-up based leveling system (further referred to as they are in game, ""mutations""), a charming and variant cast of playable characters, tons of weapons (about 73 as of this writing, but I was just in on a stream where they rather liked my suggestion of adding nunchuks), crazy enemies, b-skins, rule-altering pickups and even local 2-player! And the art and music-- Ohhh, the art and music! The beautiful and detailed pixel art, the energizing (sometimes haunting) tracks and impeccable sound design frankly shocked me. Such character and atmosphere I found myself immersed in!The game is so easy to pick up, and yet the way you develop your character is incredibly deep. The developers waste none of their time (and consequently, your time) on anything that doesn't feel just awesome. Sure, ""Mutation A"" doesn't seem very good, at first. But once you learn more about ""Characters D and E"" and how they synergize splendidly with ""Mutation A"" when paired with ""Mutation G"", you get an ""Aha"" moment! Like a challenging, yet ultimately rewarding puzzle, Nuclear Throne holds a plethora of ""Aha"" moments for those willing to scratch past the surface and experiment with the MASSIVE number of possible character builds. And you need no mutation to love a samurai chicken! C'mon.The developers are two guys, who comprise Vlambeer, and four others who handle the art, music and sound. They're the most down-to-earth, approachable and generally cool guys to ever make a game, probably (permission to put that on the back cover = granted). They generally update the game every Saturday with new characters, baddies, weapons, difficulty balancing and bug fixes. They even stream themselves developing said changes every Tuesday and Thursday on their Twitch channel(http://www.twitch.tv/vlambeer)!And they take feedback like pros! None of this ""bleuuu, you don't like my game, banned and deleted"" business. They're good people.Oh, and you'll be dying a lot. I didn't ""beat"" the game until I had already logged around 100 hours (there's an end-boss, but you loop back to the beginning with higher difficulty upon defeating it), but that didn't stop me from thoroughly enjoying every minute up until that point and after! This is a fantasticly addictive game, with a fantastic community and fantastic developers that is already easy to recommend. The fact that it promises to only get better is just gravy!And yes, I did a ""let's play"":http://youtu.be/2c36sZuTyOM"
76561198030609439,Recommended,242680,18630307,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Empty | icepick,It's a nice alternative to cocaine
,Recommended,242680,13522207,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,schizosid,Using only a screwdriver to kill roomfuls of sentient crow people reminds me of my tragic youth.
,Recommended,242680,20554177,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,w []: d,"The binding of isaac on steroidsfeaturing characters such as, steroids"
,Recommended,242680,7742967,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Hademar,"I've been completely in love with this game ever since the Mojam prototype ""Wasteland Kings"" was released. It's an insanely fun, fastpaced ""roguelike-like"" or ""roguelite"" with randomly generated worlds and tons of weapons to find. On top of that, the developers stream the development of the game on tuesdays and thursdays over at Twitch and they release updates to the game every week. To me, this is the best game of its kind and I've put tons of hours into mastering it (and I still die. Often. It's difficult okay?)."
,Recommended,242680,19514327,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ClariS ☆,"It's been a long time since I've put as much time into a game as I have with Nuclear Throne. It's a game that captures the sinking lows and heart-pumping highs of an arcade game extremely well. Nuclear Throne just FEELS fun to play. With many other games, I find myself having to think hard to justify why the game is fun or worth my time. With Nuclear Throne, it's very simple. Playing this game is fun as hell. This game wants you dead, and picking it up always feels like a fresh challenge; you vs the game. This game WILL kill you eventually, but you're always given a fun, challenging opportunity to go down swinging.Nuclear Throne is a game that balances chaos and elegance near-perfectly. The characters, weapons, enemies, and upgrades appear very simple at first. An upgrade that gives you +4 HP, so what? But as you progress in your skill and your runs, these simple elements get mixed together at larger scales, and you'll be presented with a unique set of challenges based on your skill and the choices you've made in the run. As you get further in your run, you're given harder enemies, uniquely challenging bosses, and more traps. But you're also given bigger, deadlier guns, and that +4 HP will be your best friend when it saves you from death after you mess up a tight dodge. As the game scales upward and the chaos ramps up, the strength of the simple designs really shines, and when you finally die, it rarely feels cheap, and it's very difficult to not say ""alright, one more run""."
,Recommended,242680,17423922,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Chalcedony,"They always told Fish it didn't exist.  They told him to stop looking for it.  Maybe it's for the best that they stayed behind.The Throne is even more glorious than he had ever imagined.  It speaks of hope, of power unlimited, of rebirth, of restoration.  It could save him.  It could turn back all of this.  It could give him everything he wanted.  It could put him at the pinnacle of the new world.His reverie is interrupted by a sound from Crystal, shifting uncomfortably on her stubby feet.  In an instant he knows why, his heart sinking into his stomach, feeling like it's about to herniate.  Of the six of them that set out toward the Throne, five made it -- and there's only one seat.He admits, they had joked a little about that along the way, about the possibility that only one of them would get to sit on the Throne, about whom the honour would go to.  They had all laughed when Robot weighed in: ""SELECT MUTANTNAME FROM TEAMMATES WHERE THRONEBUTT_QUALITY = (SELECT MAX(THRONEBUTT_QUALITY) FROM TEAMMATES);” But nobody's laughing now.  Fish knows what everybody's doing, before he even looks around.  Every one of them is a trained killer, and they’re all evaluating former friends, making up minds about whom to kill first.Crystal's tough on the exterior, but she's likely to crack once she sees her family start killing each other off.  It was hard enough for her when she wasn't able to save Eyes from the Horror.  Rebel's got thicker blood flowing through her, though.  Fish knows she'd kill him just as easily as one of her minions if it tried to jump on the Throne.  Y.V. is a wildcard; Fish doesn’t even know why he'd bother with going for the Throne in the first place or what he intends for it.  Robot's the biggest worry -- it's made clear time and time again that the Throne is its greatest priority, but not whether it needs to sit on it.  If it does, there's no question that it'll eliminate all of them once they’re no longer of use.Is Fish or the others of any further use to Robot?  All of them are staring at it now, hands tensed, drifting instinctively towards gun belts.  Crystal's eyes catch Fish’s, and he nods -- then a sudden crash almost throws fish off his webbed feet.  Instantly everyone is facing the Throne again, as ports around its base start to open, and... Something... starts to unearth itself.The team moves as one again as they back away, drawing weapons simultaneously, as the throne lifts slowly up from the floor, looming down toward them.  Green lights blaze forth from it as guns swing into position, a dozen giga-capacitors whining, charging up for the Throne's first volley.  Automated defences, they should have known.Crystal takes a dash forward and holds her arms out to either side, but fish grabs her and pulls her back before she can harden, warning her not to throw herself away on the Throne's massive claws.  She nods, and her feet fuse to the floor anyway, as she hefts her minigun and begins firing alongside the rest of the group. Now singing a melancholy dirge, Fish fires hot plasma into the thrones hull. There's no telling which one of fish’s teammates is going to survive this fight, but he knows he’ll lay down his life for any of them. As long as it ensures that one of them -- any of them -- makes it onto that seat..."
,Recommended,242680,17168955,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,mem,"50 hours in, finally made my first loop and I feel prepared to write a review. This game is fantastic. There is a ton of content and it's updated weekly. Additionally, this game is hard. If you don't like hard games that take a lot of practice and concentration to be good at, this isn't a game for you. As I said, I played more than 50 hours before beating it the first time, and I want to go play it again right now. There is a ton of replayability and overall I would tell anyone to buy it."
,Recommended,242680,7780379,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,ephewe,"While still a work very much in progress, Nuclear Throne is currently one of my favorite games. It's a roguelike dungeon crawler with heavy ""bullet-hell"" elements and a little RPG sprinkled on top. When you begin a session of Nuclear Throne, you choose from one of several well-designed & freakish ""mutants"", each with their own special attributes which, in itself, does much to add variety (there's also a random-select option which is a fun idea in this particular case). The goal of each stage is to exterminate all of the enemies. After doing so, a portal opens which takes your mutant freak to the next level. There are a great many weapons with which to inflict meyhem on your adversaries. As you gain experience points, in the form of green goo earned by killing enemies & also found in cache jars, you'll be able to choose new persistent perks for your character (such as more HP or certain weapons doing more damage). Every so-often, you'll encounter a boss. The bosses tend to pop in during the height of an already-in-progress battle which makes beating them all-the-more difficult & hectic.Originally, this game did not have controller support which was a great disappointment (though I had been ejoying it anyway, using the keyboard and mouse). However, a recent update rectified this and the gameplay using a dual-analog controller (such as that of the Xbox 360) is just fantastic. Like Ultratron before it (another very similar game which is also worth a look; I also wrote a review for it, if you're interested in checking it out), Nuclear Throne throws you straight back to the arcades of yore and plops you in front of a Smash TV cabinet.As a roguelike dungeon-crawler, the replay value is extremely high (due to the fact that the level and enemy layout is totally different from one session to the next). The rather extreme difficulty doesn't hurt either, as playing entails dying and thus restarting... a lot. Fortunately, said difficulty isn't of the variety that compels you to smash your controller/keyboard in frustration. Every death feels like the fault lay squarely on *your* shoulders (if only you had moved to dodge a little faster or conserved ammo a little better!), as opposed to the game feeling like it's cheating. Another stand-out feature which I think I need to bring up is the soundtrack. ...Just wow! Nuclear Throne's score is totally original and extremely surreal. It goes *miles* in lending its own atmosphere to the game.Some might consider the current price of $12.99 to be just a *little* steep for a game in this class, but considering how well it's made overall and the fun I've gotten from it (especially being in its currently pre-release/beta state), I consider it to be well worth the price. As of the time of this writing, the developer(s) is very active and updates are coming quite frequently.UPDATE 01/12/16: I hadn't played this game in quite a while (at least 6+ months) and I wanted to check out the progress that the devs have made, etc. Well... The game starts but as soon as I select a character, it totally locks up. I can't play it at all. To make matters worse, I've heard that the devs have since ""abandoned"" development of this game (so it's not likely that whatever is causing the crashes for me is going to be fixed any time soon - or ever). Bummer man. I loved this game..."
,Recommended,242680,20619403,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DarkDork,You don't win. You just lose a little less every time.It's great.
,Recommended,242680,12370645,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Shogo,It's like Hotline Miami and Fallout had a baby that watched too much Mad Max.
76561198070967811,Recommended,242680,13303454,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,I am afraid,"Never written a review before. But this game is one of my all time favorites.I've played games for a long time, and never before has one given me more frustration; driven me to insanity, and made me feel more accomplishment than this game.if you like,-arcade style games-difficulty-lots of guns and explosions-high replayability-insane boss fightsnuclear throne is for you. trust me."
,Recommended,242680,8009235,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Hainish,"Don't let the 'early access' tag scare you away; Nuclear Throne is well worth picking up now, and the constant updates feel more like free content packs than they do updates to a work-in-progress.Nuclear Throne is a tough-as-hell roguelike-like in the vein of Binding of Isaac; an overhead shooter blending fast-paced challenging action with RPG elements and random levels/progression. Different characters (more still being added), randomly generated levels and random mutations as you progress make each playthrough different, and allow you to experiment with different playstyles, though there are different 'areas' that keep consistent style over the course of a few levels.Just to give you an idea of how different each game can be/how awesome the designs are, these are the current mutants you can play as:-Fish, who gets more ammo than the other characters, and can use his roll to dodge bullets.-Crystal, who has more health than the others, and can become an invulnerable shield which deflects bullts.-Eyes, who can see in the dark and can use his telekinetic powers to pull enemies toward him and push projectiles away.-Melting, a skeleton with melted flesh hanging off, has the lowest HP, but mutates faster and can blow up corpses.-Plant, a sentient plant that can move faster than the others, and snare enemies with his roots.-Y.V., a weird looking illuminati pyramid with an eyeball, can shoot faster than the others, and use his ablility to shoot twice with one pull of the trigger.-Steroids, a beefed up dude that starts with two fully loaded pistols and the ability to use both of the weapons he can carry at once.-Robot, who can find better weapons, and recycle found items into ammo for another weapon he carries, or health.-Chicken, a mutant chicken that starts wielding a katana and can slow down time. Chicken's other ability allows her to live a few seconds after death, and gives you a little time to go berserk, a headless chicken with a katana, hacking frantically, hoping for a health drop to bring her back from death.-Rebel, an ex-bandit who can sacrifice her health to summon allies, and blasts in all directions when hit.-Horror, a radioactive mutant dog(?) that can use radiation collected to launch a wave of destruction at his enemies.The designs are creative and fun, the art is great, the music and sounds keep things frantic and intense, the gameplay is solid, and most important of all, it's incredibly fun. This is one of the best games to come out this year, and if it looks interesting to you, grab it right now.The throne definitely exists."
,Recommended,242680,13469413,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BD8D,1000 runs in and I still haven't even seen the throne.Spectacular hatred.
76561198026916028,Recommended,242680,20241570,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,P01NTMAN,"Playing this game is like your first time having sex. You dont last very long your first time round, but you have a whole lot of fun and after you're finished you try and try again, getting better each time.10/10 would lose virginity again"
,Recommended,242680,15875978,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Devil Azite,"(scroll down for tl;dr)I love this game. I love it so much that I have nearly 500 hours into it. I wouldn't so much call this a review, just some (hopefully) objective experiences I personally had for the game I love so much while explaining a bit of the game in general.*Characters*Nuclear Throne sports a roster of 12 playable characters, diverse with their own unique passive and active ability. From shielding to bullet-time, to air strikes to rolling, every character offers up a variable play-style each go around. The art for the game suits the game's overall direction and is generally nice to look at. Remember this is still early access: We've had some hilarious placeholder ms-paint stick-figure art that would be redrawn into worthwhile, lovely pixel portraits. You can watch the developer stream to see just how great the art assets become as it's being done live.*Mechanics*Despite its seemingly very simplistic design, the game coddles a sinking depth in terms of mutation selection, weapon diversity and character synergy that overlaps well with one another.MutationsThe core component of your journeys in the wasteland. I'd categorize mutations in the following categories:Weaponry - Mutations that give certain weapon types added benefitsUtility - Mutations that directly or indirectly buffs your character through various meansSurvivability - Mutations that increases the players lifespanMutations are randomly generated out of a mix of 4 (5 for a specific character) which can provide you with a mixed variety of mutations. Each mutation handles, generally, fairly better or fairly worse for every character and finding a good synergy is key. Aside from the regular mutations, each character that reaches Level 10 (Ultra) gets to choose from 2 (3 for a specific character) Ultra Mutations. These are generally better than regular mutations and, generally, are a power spike to the character.WeaponsAs of now, there are over 100 weapons in the game, categorized in 6 different weapon types, with multiple subcategories:Bolt - ex. Crossbow (Bolts, Splinters, Seekers, Disc)Bullet - ex. Machinegun (Bullets, Pellets)Energy - ex. Plasma Minigun (Laser, Plasma, Lightning)Explosive - ex. Grenade Launcher (Launchers, Cannons)Melee - ex. Sledgehammer (Non-ammo, Hybrids)Shell - ex. Shotgun (Flaming Pellets, Slugs)Many weapons perform differently under many circumstances and get better by taking the mutation for the specified weapon. Weapons are tiered and drop according to how far you have progressed in the game. To go into the details of every weapon would be exhausting and I will not do that for the sake of this already wall-of-text-y piece. (but we all know there's only one true energy weapon)*Gameplay*At its core, Nuclear Throne is a rogue-like, twinstick shooter bolstered by the accompanying variants and mechanics the game brings to the table. It's a really fast paced action shooter  with split-second decision making keeping you on your feet. Unlike most games with randomly generated variables, you don't totally live and die by the RNG. It does indeed factor into the game and what weapons, mutations, etc you get throughout a run, but usually player skill will often trump in a nerve-wracking circumstance.Nuclear Throne is a game about trial and error. That is, in order to get better at the game, you will need to lose. A lot. Like I mean it, a LOT. I can recount a fair number of times I have died in situations similar to my 5th hour in the game in my nearly 500 hours of it. Half of your first few hours with the game will be spent looking at your post-death stats screen. That is how often you will be dead. You have to realize and understand how everything went wrong and learn from it.But that's it for this review, I've spent more time than I originally planned typing this up. I hope something in this post inspires you to try the game out despite it being in early access. It's a game that is really worth the money.(tldr)(the less dishonest review)Lightning Cannon is JesusRami is RNGodShielders are bull♥♥♥♥♥♥Necromancers are bull♥♥♥♥♥♥Maggots are OPMultiple gold scorpion spawns is Rami showing dissatisfaction with you livingIf you die, Rami was dissatisfied with you living.100/10 game, would be sodomized backpedaling into an assassin again."
,Recommended,242680,19539816,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,apfoss,"Described in the terms of other games, Nuclear Throne is comparable to The Binding of Isaac with Hotline Miami's combat. Wildly creative, carefully balanced, and my favourite game of 2015."
,Recommended,242680,19518283,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,lux tp,a slightly healthier alternative to crack cocaine
,Recommended,242680,8111531,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sentinel Greg,"BUY THIS GAME SOONER THAN LATERThis is by far the best early access game out there. The community is amazing, and Vlambeer is heavily involved. They update the game every week, and they are significant updates each time! It is exciting to be a part of.This game rivals Spelunky in both difficulty and replayability. And that is while it's still in beta.Where it already has a leg up, however, is the insane amount of playstyles and builds that you can find while playing, due to a variety of unique characters, (9 so far) unique weapons, (~40 so far) mutations for your character (24), special unlockable ""golden"" weapons, and special unlockable crowns that alter the way the game rules work.It is the best bullet hell game I have ever played. It is high octane, and feels amazing to play.As you can see from my hours, I have no problem recommending this game."
76561198169117890,Recommended,242680,31797531,Posted: 16 May,all,KewlBean,Pros:-amazing characters-soundtrack the sets the mood-Thrones-weapons that make good shoots-Perfect nameCons:-Lil' hunter exists
,Recommended,242680,15701891,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Cute Boy In Your Area,"All you need to know is there's a character that is literally the Illuminati Pyramid who makes airhorn noises when you press B.If that didn't make you want to buy this game, then I don't know what will."
,Recommended,242680,16111254,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,2fron,"This top down shooter with rogue-like elements is tough as nails. Great for quick gaming sessions. Loads of characters with individual skills. There are some insane weapons to play around with, paired with some screen shake...makes for a hectic game. Frequent developer updates are great, even when they are simple. If you are are a fan of the genre I suggest you pick this one up.Maybe one day i'll reach the throne...."
76561198143435433,Recommended,242680,19512991,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Doctor Bourbon,"Its not often a game becomes close to my heart, Its even less often that said game becomes something I crave to play while in the middle of other games.Nuclear Throne has this rare kind of spark that alot of games miss, I dont know if its the excellent score of music or the punchy gunplay, The odd and unique mutants each having their own separate playstyle or the Wildly exotic choice of weapons.In short this game makes me optimistic for game design and competent game devsVlam-beenie keep it up guys !!"
,Recommended,242680,14818113,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Mygaffer,"Wow, what can I say about Nuclear Throne? Let me give you my gaming context for this review, I am an adult gamer, I have been gaming since I was in first grade and my parents bought me an NES. I've played through the subsequent console generations and of course I have always been a PC gamer.So it is within that context that I saw Nuclear Throne easily makes my top 20 games of all time list. This game is still in early access yet has a great amount of depth, polish, and ""feel"".It is a top down shooter, you can play it as a twn stick though mouse and keyboard is recommended. You choose from among several class all with unique abilities that will inform your play style. As befits a rogue-lite it has random generation, punishing difficulty, and leveling with each level allowing you to choose from among a small pool of mutations.This game has sucked me in, I am fast approaching 300 hours in it. Even as you die you will be hitting R to restart and get right back into the action. Eventually you will learn how to play well and even defeat the throne and start looping. They have a daily challenge now, like Spelunky and the continue to work on this game, adding content and polish, long after it could be considered a compete game.If you like old school games, if you like fast paced games, if you like addictive games designed by people who really know what moment to moment gameplay should feel like, then buy this game. This is an instant classic."
76561198048896119,Recommended,242680,14670416,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,PlatinumDevil,"If you like fast-paced, randomly generated rogue-likes, then this is the perfect game for you. Nuclear Throne is another great game by one of my favorite developer teams, Vlambeer. You're a mutant stuck in the wasteland with all of your friends, and you've all heard the tale of the Nuclear Throne. Some think it's a bunch of baloney, others think that it really exists, and a few mutants are going to go out of their way to get to it. You are one of those few mutants. One of those few mutants, who is also really well balanced with the other mutants in terms of power.NOTE: If the character's name has a star (*) next to it in the list, then it means it's one of my favorites.FISH*: Once a police officer, now turned into a scaly fish-man on the last day before his retirement. He gets more ammo from all sources of the stuff, and can roll out of danger.CRYSTAL: An okay mutant for the new players, Crystal gets more HP and can briefly shield herself to block almost all attacks. After all, ""Crystal can handle this."" Though, don't get too attached to her shield, or you might not be the best at dodging.EYES*: He has a deep backstory, according to the devs, but he doesn't have a mouth to speak about it. He can see much clearer in the dark levels like the Sewers, and he can use telekinesis to drag enemies towards him and projectiles away from him. He is super underrated.MELTING: The wind hurts. Everything hurts. Melting is tired. Melting starts out with 2 HP (keep in mind, most projectiles do 3 damage), but to balance that out, he gets more radiation (in other words, experience), and can blow up corpses for immense damage potential. You should really get acquainted with the game before you try him out!PLANT*: Assuming you've gotten pretty good at this game, Plant is basically the anti-bad RNG character. He's extra fast, and can also trap enemies with vine snares. KILL KILL KILL.YUNG VENUZ*: Ladies and gentlemen, the one and only Gun God! He has a faster rate of fire, as well as being able to fire two shots at once (with double the reload time, of course). Also, he doesn't even die. Whenever you reach 0 HP, he just gets frustrated with himself and goes home to his mansion.STEROIDS*: He was the only human who came prepared. He predicted the apocalypse and pumped himself full of steroids to survive. Every weapon he holds is fully automatic and he can dual-wield, but he has less accuracy to compensate.ROBOT: An automaton straight from the future. He finds better weapons earlier, and can eat guns if he doesn't like 'em (robots can digest anything, according to the game).CHICKEN: A samurai chicken. Enough said. She's another good mutant to start with (yes, SHE), as she starts out with her good ol' sword and can throw her weapons! If her health reaches zero, she simply becomes beheaded and you will need to collect a medkit within 3 seconds! During this time, the screen does not move and you can kill everything you'd like to. Upon getting beheaded, you'll have two less max HP, and lost max HP can be restored with the mutation ""Last Wish"" or by getting a big medkit.REBEL: A bandit who detached from the group, she's found home around the campfire of mutants. She's probably one of the most fun to play as if you can get her late game. She heals when she goes through portals, and she can spawn allies to help her.ROGUE: Similar to Rebel, Rogue is a cop that, as her name says, went rogue and left the Interdimensional Police Department (I.D.P.D). As a result, she is constantly being hunted throughout the adventure by the po-po. To combat them, she comes equipped with a weapon she stole after leaving, the Portal Strike, which has potential for immense damage.[CLASSIFIED]: A living blob of [CLASSIFIED], [CLASSIFIED] can fire a beam of [CLASSIFIED] to kill stuff. He also gets an extra [CLASSIFIED] to choose from. He's a secret![CLASSIFIED]: Basically the worst character in the game. He's a super secret that you get while playing as [CLASSIFIED] if you die inside of a [CLASSIFIED]. He starts out with less health, speed, and accuracy, and his ability allows him to [CLASSIFIED] with a chance of taking 1 point of damage.[CLASSIFIED]*: One of my favorites, he is immune to [CLASSIFIED], and can fart out the stuff he's immune to! Sadly, he can never stop [CLASSIFIED]. You get him by damaging [CLASSIFIED] at least once with a golden weapon, keeping that golden weapon to the end of the fight, and picking up the [CLASSIFIED] that the [CLASSIFIED] drops. Take it to a [CLASSIFIED] and put it in a [CLASSIFIED], then go to the same [CLASSIFIED] with a different character and open up the [CLASSIFIED] to get a [CLASSIFIED]. Keep it to the next level and you will be able to play as [CLASSIFIED] once you select the [CLASSIFIED]!PROS:-Replayability is off the charts!-Graphics, gameplay, and music are all really enjoyable.-Good variety of... everything!-Nice team of developers.CONS:-RNG can screw you over, and does so way too often.-Has a chronic disease of NEVER TELLING YOU WHAT ANYTHING DOES (I.E. snipers are OBVIOUSLY suicide-bombers, obviously...)-Don't have quick reflexes? You're dead already.If you're a fan of rogue-likes, buy this game. Go. Buy it.Don't keep staring at this review.Shove your wallet in to the computer.Go.Now."
,Recommended,242680,15404830,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Gruagach,-Started as a Chicken with a Sword-Made it passed the first boss-Found a gun that fired saw blades-Fired Saw blades at enemies-Saw blade bounces back on a mission from god.-Saw blade betrays my trust and claims my head as it own.-Run around for about 5 seconds as a literal chicken with my head cut off.-Die-Instantly go again
,Recommended,242680,19558215,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Sixcorby,you can play as an illuminati symbol and destroy a giant killer chair with nukes and futuristic weaponrywhat isn't to love about this
,Recommended,242680,32166863,Posted: 3 June,all,King Tatertot,Do you like gun?Do you want to kill squishy things with many gun?Play game.You will like much.
,Recommended,242680,20570463,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Gativrek,"Nuclear Throne is a top-down shooter made by Vlambeer, where a group of mutants go through the wasteland in a planet full of radiation and other mutants that want to kill you, and the police of another dimension chase you aswell, and your plain goal is to reach the Nuclear Throne. Fish can Roll.The gameplay is simplistic, it's sort of a bullet hell, having a low amount of HP and enemies attacking you from every direction. Some enemies charge at you, other attack you from a distance, others spew fire and others blow up. The game is separeted in 8 areas, having 4 areas with 3 levels in a row and other 4 with 1 level, and each of them having a respective secret are and 2 areas having a special Crown Vault with modifiers for your playthrough. Fish can Roll.The mutants are each specially made for a special type of player. Fish is mobile and gets a lot of ammo, Crystal is a Tank, Melting is a Glass Cannon, Steroids is a ammo-hose, Rebel is a summoner, and Rogue is hard-mode. They're all built for different players and different playstyles. Each character has a special passive and a special active (right click) and there are 2 secret characters and 1 of them isn't available from the start. Also, if you're playing Y.V., pressing B will give you a golden version of your current gun. Also, fish can roll.The game has very simplistic controls, WASD and shooting with left click. That's it. The graphics is classic and beautiful pixel-art. The music is very atmospheric (I love Y.V.s Mansion's theme) and puts you in the place of the mutant you're playing. The game has a special seed for each day to compete agaisnt other players and a special seed with restricted starting character and crowns. Press right click as fish to roll.The bosses are unique and have a ""charm"" to their areas. For example, the wasteland boss is a bigger and more powerful bandit with a machinegun. The wasteland boss is a giant 3-headed pitbull mutated dog. The game has a leveling system where you collect radiation to get mutations, and after 8 mutations you get a specific ""Ultra"" mutation for you character.The game also encourages ammo management, as it is a issue on the wasteland. Rolling can be done as fish.After the game is beaten (you reach the Nuclear Throne and things happen) you can do something special at the final boss to ""loop"" the game, where you can beat the game again, but a lot harder and with 3 special new bosses and police going after you like crazy. This is great for highscorers, since the game has no end and you get a very high score depending on your skill. All in all, great game and should definately be played. It has launched some time ago after 2 years of early access and still gets lots of updates. Fish can roll.YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE9/10"
76561198004528637,Recommended,242680,15441515,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,McJones,"When one of the in-game tips is ""Getting decapitated reduces max HP"", you know the game's gonna be good."
76561198027768012,Recommended,242680,19516489,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,rockmeannadeus,"Nuclear Throne is easily one of the best games I've ever played, hands down. I couldn't recommend it enough. It's very difficult and kicks my butt a whole lot but I still keep coming back to it because it just such a satisfying, fun game to play."
,Recommended,242680,18306869,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Kinix,"This game is currently in early access. The thing is, it doesn't feel like it is! The devs could very easily be done with it in the current state of this review. They have updated over 90 TIMES! So yeah, don't worry about the early access thing.Pros:- tons of weapons with different playstyles and advantages- each character feels different in a unique way- devs update EXTREMELY consistently- devs are very kind and willing to help- the game is very hard, but fair. you never die because of a bug or a glitch- learning curve isn't that steep ( like binding of isaac's )- lightning cannon is godly- community is one of the best communities I've ever seen- RNG that makes every run a little bit different- dank meme possibilities- JW and his nasty tricksCons:- difficulty might be too hard for some people- the dang screwdriver sucks- JW and his nasty tricksI rate this 10/10 :DEDIT:The game is finally out of early access and I have 200 hours on it! Amazing gane even after so much playtime!"
,Recommended,242680,14932358,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Dellovan,star_ said it was good so i bought ithe was right btw
,Recommended,242680,15119762,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dann,"I now demand that every game from hereon out be equiped with a ""press B to airhorn"" ability, as it is a vital necessity for any sort of gameplay."
,Recommended,242680,18403806,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Mesp,By far one of the most punishing (and thus FUN) roguelikes I have ever played.If you think you're pro at Binding of Isaac then feel free to have your ego crushed by this game - and learn what true suffering is.YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE.
,Recommended,242680,20553308,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Radical Atheist Terror,"If you don't buy this game, then you are clearly some sort of masochist, who enjoys the suffering and boredom that most modern ""games"" will provide. If you do get it however, then you are STILL a masochist, as the game is harder than Michael Bay at a Hydrogen Bomb test facility."
,Recommended,242680,19814921,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,pointB,"This game isn't easy.You might have seen streamers or youtubers playing this game and thought, ""Oh, that looks easy enough, and fun, too. Maybe I'll pick it up"".No.This game is really fun, and you'll enjoy every game, but it's crazy and challenging and incredibly, incredibly addictive.Sometimes it'll be frustrating. Sometimes it'll be impossible. Sometimes you'll spawn into a game and get instantly destroyed.But you'll keep coming back. Because as insane as the game can get, it's really, really, really fun. Buy the game. Play the game. Keep playing the game. You'll never get tired of it."
76561198071421958,Recommended,242680,12629935,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,eternal jape,"If you take a look at my ever interested growing hours of a procedurally generated replay-value based shoot em up SNES graphic adventure game filled with randomly generated secrets and guns and textures.Would you look at the underrated game that gets updates every week? That will keep on getting updates every week until early 2016?WILL YOU LOOK AT IT?WILL YOU TAKE YOUR MONEYAND THROW IT AT THE BEST 10 BUCKS YOU'VE EVER SPENT? OF COURSE YOU WILLBUY IT NOW. I SWEAR TO GOD, THE BEST ROGUELIKE ON STEAM.GAME OF THE YEAR? WHAT YEAR? EVERY YEAREDIT:The mods for this game kick♥♥♥♥♥also."
76561197980286712,Recommended,242680,15667213,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,BestViking,"I'm reluctant to purchase early access titles due to the rampant abuse of greenlight - you know the story. But with a reputable developer like Vlambeer, who have delivered games that feel like, well, actual games, I was pretty sure I would get my moneys worth. And if I were to stop playing the game now, it still would have made it worth the purchase. Luckily, Vlambeer has been consistently updating the game on an (almost always) weekly basis with new content being added all the time. They take criticism to heart and listen to the players.The action roguelite gameplay allows for a variety of gameplay styles within the somewhat limited top-down shooter style, but a variety of ""Mutations""(that function like perks which alter your statistics, abilities and expands and also limits how you play) which you are given the choice between when you level up can dramatically alter your plans. Even if you decided on a ""melee"" character, the selection of mutations you are given as you level up might not cater to that playstyle at all, nor might you get the preferred weapons for how you intended to play in the first place, so the game is dynamic and spontaneous in that it can crash your plans and force you to re-consider your strategy throughout your game.Permadeath keeps you at your toes. You can forget about checkpoints. This is good because modern games are plagued with these and they make your actions have less consequences. Vlambeer brings back the thrill of old school gaming, and the high-risk/high-reward mechanics is something that draws people to roguelites.Now to the negatives.There are balancing issues in the game, sometimes game breaking generation parameters that can give you a seemingly impossible spawn. This has been heavily debated on the forums. This is an obvious problem area when you combine a bullet-hell shooter with a randomly generated roguelite, but Vlambeer have taken the criticism to heart and have improved on the generation parameters throughout the game development and continue to do so consistently.There are also the obvious limitations and confines of the gamemaker engine, which Vlambeer insists on using. The game is locked to 30fps which is downright horrible on the eyes for extended playing sessions. The slideshow effect and clumsiness of this low a framerate is very detrimental to a genre that requires the player to be observant and react quickly. What makes it problematic for gamemaker creators to increase the framerate is that a lot of events are executed per-frame through the step event. This basically means that the devs have to re-write every part of the code that utilizes the step event and change it if the game was to run at, say 60fps. It is a shame that on a dynamic platform like the PC that a game is locked to perform like that.There are also balancing issues between characters. Vlambeer seem stubborn on keeping some characters underpowered(Fish being the number one example) because they insist on keeping useless active abilities that nobody actually finds useful which becomes ridiculously underpowered in comparison to other characters abilities. At one point, some characters were ridiculously overpowered, like Rebel and Chicken. They were both nerfed, which somehow changed completely the way people play and sort of took away the novelty and personality of said characters. But I must add that criticism like this is aimed at something that takes time to perfect and that there is no one right answer to. You always give some and lose some with such decisions.To sum it up, I have gotten my moneys worth at least two times over and I intend to also purchase the game again for the PS4 platform, even with the negatives mentioned because the game is still very fun to play.The game keeps becoming more polished and new features are always added, so I am confident that the game will be great at release. It's just a shame about the framerate. I think it's important to know that a game is locked to 30fps before purchasing."
,Recommended,242680,12492355,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Aaron,"After playing a bit more of this, I can honestly say that this game is fun. It's a run-and-gun rpg bullet hell roguelike shoot-em-up from my own backyard (because Holland is about the size of a typical backyard). There are many aspects to making a game, and all of those (or at least most) have to be met in order for a game to be truly good. This game does just that. It takes every single one of my conditions for a good game and fills them in. Twice. Actually, I have two sets of conditions for the only two types of games that can ever be truly amazing: story-driven open world and hard-core skill & reflex fest. And it must also not be Call of Duty because that game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks balls. Anyway, this game falls into the second category, and let me explain what my criteria are and how it completely shreks the hell outta them. Unlike Call of Duty.Enemies. Any self-respecting game needs tons of varied enemies to keep things interesting and to make a natural transition to more difficult gameplay. Don't just add lvl. 44 to your opponent and give him more health and damage, make a new one! With different attack plans, weapons, health and speed. That's how you justify harder enemies, not by giving him a higer number. This game gets that, and every stage has it's own set of mortifying enemies that are designed especially to work on every nerve in your body. It's annoying to have to get to learn every opponent by dying from them first, but that's how it works. Nothing in life ever goes well on the first try. Except Call of Duty that stupid half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ah that game is really getting on my nerves hrrrrrgghhh...Difficulty. In order for a game to actually be satisfying it has to be hard. Have you ever felt proud after you have eaten a banana? No? Wanna know why not? Because even a monkey could do it. It's not hard, it's not special, anyone could do it. Just like beating Call of Duty. It's not rewarding to do something anyone could do, it's only rewarding when you put time and effort into it. When you have thought about that glorious moment of opening a banana every second for the past 4 months of pure struggling. When you have longed for the taste of a banana for all that time. That's when eating a banana feels good, and that's what REAL men go for. And that struggle is exactly what makes Nuclear Throne rewarding to loop. That's right, Nuclear Throne is in fact unbeatable, for it has no end.Weapons. Preferrably of varied rarerity. A good selection of guns, of which at least a few hard to get, makes any game more enjoyable. It is necessary in games that are intended for replay, since playing the same game over and over again requires at least some aspect of variety. Hence the perks, random levels and tons of weapons. It's all there to keep you, the paying consumer, indulged in the game so that you'll tell your friends how cool it is and they would buy it too. Variety is the spice of life, they say, and I think the best example of that is having lots of guns in a run-and-gun rpg bullet hell roguelike shoot-em-up type of game.A good game also requires some type of milestones to help players remember that they ARE making progress! In this game that is done with levels and bosses. Anytime you beat one, you will know again that you have become better, encouraging you to play some more (and tell your friends about it)!Furthermore, under no circumstance should a good game ever be Call of Duty. Fortunately, this game is in fact NOT Call of Duty, and therefore meets this condition.I would have a few more criteria, but I think those speak for themselves. Anyway, there you have it, a great game and the reasons why! I do encourage you to go out and buy this game, even though it is not finished yet. It is already immense fun and more than worth your while and money."
,Recommended,242680,19515827,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,mono moono,there's a chance it could get boring after 300 hours
76561197971544420,Recommended,242680,11692346,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Griffons,"Incredibly addictive, action packed and fun game! Great job from developers who know how early access should look like. Game feels like it is finished already (at least for me). Constant patches (at the moment patch 39) add a lot of stuff which improves the game, from simple fixes to new bosses, secret levels and skins. Definitely a game that will keep you occupied with step by step progress and feeling of achievement after completing levels and beating our nemesis. I fully support and recommend this game.Pros:-Addictive-genuinely fun-tons of multiple character build options-fun characters-constant challenge with looping and patches-heaps of weapons to try out!-great music!-helpful community which can also provide custom challengesCons:-some people don't like early access-kind of hard but it depends on player-wouldn't recommend for epileptic playersOther than that i can just tell you: ""GO PLAY IT NOW!""EDITEven better than it was before, get it bros"
,Recommended,242680,20818293,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Stachmo,"So far, Nuclear Throne is the greatest Rogue-Like game ever made.The best thing about this game is the gameplay. Games are supposed to be extremely fun because of their gameplay not graphics. Nuclear Throne is a great example of that. Its gameplay is really smooth and easy to follow with, which the Binding of Isaac did not have. The controls are absolutely brilliant and made me feel like I am in complete control of my movements and weapons. The number of guns to choose is absolute freakin' insane! There are a lot of characters to choose from with different perks which provide a lot of insane replayability value. Oh and man... The explosions. The explosions are so satisfying.This is one of the perfect examples of how Early Access games should be handled. The devs worked really hard and updated the game often and listened to the community. Huge props to the devs. Well done.Overall, the game is a masterpiece for its gameplay and is absolutely addicting. I am a harsh reviewer and I decided to give this game a 9.5 out of 10 which will place this game at 6th place into my ""Steam HALL of FAME"" list where only 15 games have obtained at least a 9 or greater so far. I have been gaming on Steam for 7 years and that's a big deal. Buy this game. You won't be disappointed.9.5 out of 10"
76561198027559498,Recommended,242680,26169580,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Dr. Tree,"this is probably one of the best games to sit down, turn on music, and play for hours"
,Recommended,242680,18005116,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,🔵KoldPhaze,Hotline Miami + The Binding Of Isaac=Nuclear Throne
,Recommended,242680,22198326,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Fluury,"Don't let yourself get fooled by the bright blue thumb up, this game is/was a wild train-ride which ended in a crash. Pun intended.(If U99/U100 fixes♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ill update this review.)>>Emotional backstory, if you wanna read the review, scroll down.<<You put a certain level of trust in a dev when you buy an early access game, and honestly, I thought that trust I put into Nuclear Throne and Vlambeer was well put with what they did. They communicated with the community, they did weekly dev streams and weekly updates. You really felt like you were part of the development. I have never seen any other devs do the entire early access thing this good, and to this date I hope for it to eventually be the standard.Nearing the end of 2015, it all started to get downhill. Several issues addressed by a lot of players back then were said to be fixed ""in the polishing phase"" - right now, we had the ""feature and content phase"" - so balance, bugs, crashes etc. were to be fixed by then. The problem was that the so called ""polishing phase"" never really came alongside of other expectations raised by the dev, like full-seeding-support, or other things, like balance-overhauls of areas and other things. There was an insane amount of potential for Nuclear Throne, and the community reported and helped the devs more than enough to make the fullest out of that potential.Not saying they didn't do anything, though,  there was a certain level of polish done, some bugs were fixed, some details likeravens leaving feathers added. Major crashes, some people literally being unable to play the game and other bugs though? Completely ignored. I didn't mind back then, since the game was in early access - and its completely acceptable for a game in early access to have crashes and bugs, since you know.An early access game can have bugs and crashes, since its unfinished. A released game however says that the game isdone- little bugs and crashes are supposed to be there.So, around the end of 2015, the devs further and further pushed to release, constantly threw the sentence ""we are almost done guys!"" - which was followed by an insane amount of negativity by the community. Understandably, since, as I already said, there were tons of bugs, crashes and balance issues still to be fixed. No way they'll release the game like that - that's atleast what I thought, since I still trusted Vlambeer in their decision.Until the shocking date of the 5th December - around 5 months have passed since the release. Remember that number, it'll become relevant later. That is when they announced the release of the game for both the PC and consoles, and that is when people started loosing their♥♥♥♥♥♥ The extremely negative stigma and feeling of disappointment really got onto some people, understandably, since the game is in a broken state.""uhh buddy, ya sure you didn't mean ""back then"" ? - I mean, 5 months have passed, s-surely they fi - ""Nope. Some people still cant play the game, several people still crash, and people still get a frozen screen.This is not me complaining about the broken balance of the game (which you have lots of) - but me complaining about a game said to be ""released"" to have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs and crashes. I'm not overreacting either, you have lots of jokesters saying ""B-but, it isnt that bad!"" - Itisthat bad - Hell, one of the main reasons I stopped doing Dailies is because 30% of my daily runs end in a freeze, followed up with a death screen.And don't let me get started on the console version of the game, that version has its own set of issues like the player not being able to select their starting weapon, crown or skin - btw, these people have not even received both of the tiny updates which fixed maybe 5% of the issues available - reminder, 5 months have passed.--- And the ride is still going for both the PC Version and the console version. Both versions are still screwed, and while the changelog of Update 99 looks pretty, it's already sad that it takes over 5 months to fix insane issues.I'll put it like STAR_, an ex-Nuclear Throne Streamer said it when he streamed the game after a long pause :""Game was more stable and better 3 months ago.""------------------------------Now, the game ; Let's talk about the game, the main thing you are here I'll assume.Pros:- Fluid Controls and Game-feel.- Wide selection of Weapons.- Lots of Characters and combinations to try out.- Dailies and Weeklies (Runs where everyone has the ""same Seed"" (<- Not really since Seeds are broken.) which end up with your score (Right now : Kills.) being submitted to a leaderboard andwww.thronebutt.com)  add extra replayability and competition which encourages improvement.- Sound effects are tastier than Guy Fieri's hottest hits.Neutral:- Mediocre amount of perks upon leveling up + them not being really balanced leaves up for a very limited amount of viable perks, thus runs end up feeling the same.- Pixel art tastes differently in everyone's mouth, while I like it most of it, I wouldnt call it amazing.- Same goes for the Music. It's good if you'd ask me, but nothing too amazing.- It's a difficult game. If you are a soft-bean which wants to be spoonfed, this isn't the game for you. Can and will likely get insanely frustrating.- While Roguelike elements are there, it is not enough to make the game not feel repetitive for most at the end.-Crowns (Gameplay modifiers) are the definition of missed potential.Negative:- 30 FPS.- No widescreen Support.- Several Bugs and crashes which have been reported several times are still not fixed. Some Features even unfinished.- Late-game and perk-balance is far from a good state.** This♥♥♥♥♥♥will have a lot of Spoilers about late-game, so if you wanna explore that yourself, lemme sum it up : Expect terrible balance of both enemies and weapons.I don't know what happened to the idea of Loops, I suppose it was rushed like the entire game was. Another thing pushed back to ""we'll do that later"" - only to be ended up half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The main idea back then was ""Less-enemies, less randomness, more Elites! The Elites are the thing making the Loops hard, har har!"" - however that transformed into ""We can't be bothered to make more Elite enemies which is why we made 6 and then just added enemies out of secret areas and left the rest pretty much as it is""The Quality of the Elite enemies we got sunk and sunk until we got nothing, too. It first started with Elite IDPD, which were cool with their own unique sprites and attacks, but however came with frustrating Insta-kills, because apparently you can only make something hard if it instantly kills you. Anyways, from these, we went to Elite-Aligators, which also instantly killed the player upon being shot, and then we went to literally two deviantart-reskins, one of them being insanely weak. That's it.Some Areas literally don't have any Elite enemies.Oh, Vans too. Sometimes unavoidable, even.""But it's a single player game, why should balance matter in that?""Because it isn't a single player game. With the addition of online-leaderboards, the player is now going for ""the best"" - which ended up with a stale Daily meta of Melee, SPC, and CoB. Maybe 15% of the Weapons in the game are viable late-game with CoB. Instead of being about ""who is better at the game?"" - Dailies are now ""Who is better at the modified game?""Oh right, Perks. We have an insanely limited amount of Perks, or called, Mutations, which are also horribly balanced. There is a certain ""elite 10"" of mutations which are practically objectively better than the rest, the usual stale meta stuff which is part of why the game might get boring quickly and runs feel the same. This is a case where quantity and quality is low.TL:DR: Good game with huge issues which might ruin it for some."
,Recommended,242680,18590372,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,@JaqWorld,"This is possibly the best bullet-hell roguelike I have played in my life. The weekly updates keep adding more and more playability and fun as well as the game itself being incredibly polished and fun to play. The fact that this game is in early access and is more complete than some other games is astounding and amazing about this game. I would recommend this to anyone who loves roguelike games or video games in general.I also recommend this to people who like dying to assassins or policemen. A lot. Like, every run. ;D"
,Recommended,242680,29571850,Posted: 29 January,all,karb98k,"Really fun, high replay value, and these guys are currently redirecting their revenue to support the ACLU so they're pretty cool.Editing this in later, but hahahahaha I just saw all those comments, if you didn't buy this game because they're donating to the ACLU of all organizations then you're the biggest nerd in the universe and I'm going to give you a wedgie"
,Recommended,242680,29102181,Posted: 7 January,all,Hux52,"PositivesAddictive, entertaining, and keeps you coming back.Difficult and fast-paced.Randomly generated with seeds so you don't get an identical experience twice.Many different mutations (upgrades), characters, paths, and weapons to choose from.Nice soundtrack and art style.NegativesNot enough updates anymore.A few bugs, some minor and others near run-ending (some actually crash)Overall- yes, I recommend the game, but I would not recommend it if you cannot adapt to game difficulty or aren't good at this style of game in general."
76561198183933246,Recommended,242680,18686272,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,мoe,I guess playing as a triangle that plays airhorns is pretty satisfying
,Recommended,242680,8507864,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,rgk,"Nuclear Throne feels really good to play. Instant, immediate fun. Pick a character, move, shoot, pick up new weapons, shoot again.I am usually not fond of top-down shooters, but Vlambeer completely nailed it. The feedback of the weapons is great (it is even possible to reflect shots). It is so much a pleasure to play that dying and trying again in the randomly-generated levels does not feel frustrating. Except for a few specific ways to be killed, like flames from some traps, and taking multiple hits from the same source because of a lack of 'invulnerability frames' after the first hit.Another great thing is that progress through the levels is quite fast, so deaths are not as disheartening as in other games. I don't even care about permadeath and reaching the end: I just want to shoot things and get as far as I can until I die. And try again, because I am having fun. There are official daily runs: a common level for everyone, refreshed each day, that can only be tried once. As often, players are ranked daily on leaderboards. This feature gives me a great incentive to play Nuclear Throne each day for at least a quick run (sometimes, really really quick, like less than a minute - yeah this game is not a walk in the park). Unlike The Binding of Isaac, in which I know that a single run can last for a long time and thus I am less inclined to launch it on a whim.Each character has different and original special skills that allow for a different gameplay, from minor variations to major differences. There is variety in the enemies and their way to attack, however since there are no alternate levels (there are many secret levels though), playing through the same starting area again and again can get a bit too familiar.The art is cute and the music is perfectly adequate. Only gripe here is that the framerate is locked to 30.An instant favorite to me.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=622827607"
,Recommended,242680,25461743,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,YOPG,"Nuclear Throneis a post-apocalyptic rogue-like shooter with cool story and nice musicSingleplayer & MultiplayerSingleplayer is very hard and request 100% from you, every mistake you make can be your the last one. NT don't know what is mercy when you first time start your run you need to learn good tactics, how work every weapon, how enemies attack you and also is randomly generated so every run is diffirent. There is no Multiplayer only local CO-OP but there is a amazing mod created by YellowAfterlife called ""Nuclear Throne Together"" which                                           adds Online CO-OP for communityPROS+ SoundtrackSoundtrack is fantastic and full with emotions, seriously when i hear it i feel like i could kill everybody in the game+ Achievements & Trading CardsHard and rewarding achievements are also cool addition, there is also something for people looking for nice backgrounds and emoticons+ Randomly Generated RunsRight now is something normal but very rare you can see really nice generated maps in the games, nuclear throne actually generate so good maps everytime i feel like they were designed by developers+ Daily & WeeklyWhen you feel strong/bored enough you can try competition with players+ Over 100 weapons....14 characters....lots of enemies, bosses...CONS- Locked to 30 fpsYou can't have 60 fps in the game if you would the game would be x2 faster than normal- BugsIs a final product but still there are some unfixed bugs"
,Recommended,242680,19562351,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Orbsee,"I'll probably never reach the nuclear throne, but I will not stop trying.The hectic wasteland is harsh, but so is your triple machine gun. Nuclear Throne is ruthless but fair. There is surprising depth to the gameplay which is both fast paced and tactical at the same time. It's easy to get into, but hard to master and it'll lure you back to its crazy world time after time again.My favorite action game of all time."
,Recommended,242680,22260982,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lavos,"Nuclear Throne is a real Vlambeer gem. There's alot of detail found in every hole and around every dark corner this game consists of. After playing for a while, the game boils down to a science, things you do seem to just slot in to place with the game's agenda and it becomes almost systematic. The game is difficult, that's more than true, but you'll achieve such a rush in looping it compensates for the hardship you'll face trying to beat the Nuclear Throne for the first time. Also, you can definately feel the difference between the mutants you play as, each one has their own back-stories and reasons why they've wound up in this nightmare, and each of them want victory for different reasons, release, redemption, a show of weapon-weilding potency or the very taste of blood. Nuclear Throne's soundtrack is epic, it's as fast paced as the gameplay, it brilliantly suits this game and is one of my favourite OSTs out there. The assortment of guns, the bosses, the varied enemies and the unpredictability & variation are just some of the reasons Nuclear Throne is fantastic, it's a very worth-while price too, if you're considering it, watch the plethora of videos of the game on YouTube to get more of an understanding and a feel for it, but I, personally, would definately recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,242680,18003873,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,soulsynapse (socal),"Second favorite game of all time. This is a Roguelike / bullethell top down shooter.Your quest: To find the nuclear throne. You play as one of a selection of mutants (most of which have to be unlocked), each with their own mutant active and passive abilities.☑ Very difficult with a fair learning curve.☑ Permadeath☑ Many amazing and rewarding secrets to find☑ Leaderboards for daily runs☑ Difficult to uncover but complex loreGame is not grindy and there aren't artificial difficulty gimmicks. Seriously it's great.If you're already on my friends list just message me and I'll talk to you about it."
76561198020918685,Recommended,242680,13748747,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Barney,"This might be the best top-down shooter I have played for a long time. The controls are so tight it's practically claustrophobic. Death - and thus the end of your run - is a constant nemesis, but it is always fair. You get a bit greedy for that XP or ammo or health, push out a bit too far and you are toast; your fault, pal.It boasts a huge variety of playable characters and ""mutations"" (bonuses that affect your character) so that each run feels suitably different and rewarding. Combine this with a fantastic soundtrack and appealingly chunky pixel art style and you have a real winner.Even though it is still in Early Access, it's basically finished now, so dip in! Hugely recommeded."
76561197990395265,Recommended,242680,14577281,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Chimera,Think Dark Souls is hard and rage-inducing?HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH (X10)
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,242680,20774157,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,gonzo191,"Nuclear Throne is a fun and frantic top-down shooter rogue-lite in which you must defeat the Nuclear Throne with any of its interesting characters and multitude of weapons however it's rife with game ending problems at the moment.Pros+ Frantic top-down action shooter rogue-lite.+ Multiple characters each with a unique active ability and ultra-mutations. If one doesn't fit your play style, simply choose another.+ Fun mutation system, sometimes you get ones you don't want but have to make it work.+ Interesting to infuriating enemies (I'm looking at you scorpions, rats, flame traps and green ooze exploder).+ Multitude of weaponry, some good, some bad, some great and some awful.+ Daily and Weekly Challenges ideas are great.+ Crown system for run manipulation.Cons- The game is prone to the occasional crash.- Still has a lot of bugs that should've been fixed before release, but alas the devs had to honour a contractual agreement on PSX and it would've seemed strange that it released on platform and not the other I guess.- Base weapon RNG is just terrible. The frequency at which you get duplicate weapons is way too high (but then again it's random).- Level generation leaves A LOT to be desired. Sometimes it's good and other times you get swarmed with no way out. The player should always spawn in a safe location and not right next to enemies as it currently does as this often leads to panic and death.- Some boss fights rely on your initial spawn namely Raven\Assassin + Sniper infested Big Dog fight and Tank + Snow Bot\Yeti Lil' Hunter fight.- Most Crowns seem rather pointless or worthless as they make your run worse with no added benefits.- The Daily Challenge is not really fair or balanced as players can choose whichever character to play as and certain characters are just better overall. Secret levels, big weapons chest and leveling right before a level has a tendency of changing the seed resulting in a modified level generation. Crowns especially Crown of Blood can have an unfair advantage on score (but this is more like Ghosting in Spelunky so I'm not too peeved about it, if you're good enough to do it then do it).- Speaking of Daily and Weekly Challenges, their leader boards have been broken since release. I know the devs are working on it but it should've been ready at launch.- Hard Mode is just terrible and not fun. The game basically starts on Loop 1, 1-1 and the player is given a big weapons chest at the start which contains 'beginning tier' weapons to deal with  swarms of enemies. I get that Hard Mode was put in as a joke but that is most certainly not how you do hard mode.Irritations- Each character starts off with the same gear, a pistol except Chicken and Rogue. Even though you can unlock golden weapons to start off with, I'd have liked if each character had a different base starting weapon.- Enemies know your position as you spawn even without line of sight and often shoot at you from off-screen.- Enemy AI is too inconsistent at times; Bandits will often look at you and shoot backwards or vice-versa. Yeti bots can be stuck in their charge state for a very long time often gliding across the levels. Snow dogs can be stuck in their shoot pattern for far too long. IDPD inspectors often shoot their shots at you even though you are far beyond thier reach.- The game is unbalanced as a result of some changes made during the Early Access phase and too often the difficulty of situations feel cheap as it was beyond the player's control.- Looping is a mess; prepared to be swarmed by flies, scorpions, snipers and\or assassins unless you have a powerful weapon or skill.- I feel the game relies too heavily on RNG this is seen clearly with the seed generation and weapon drops the for Daily and Weekly Challenges.- Tiered weapon distribution needs some work still. At 'late game' pre-loop, you shouldn't even be given 'beginning tier' weapons any more or rather they should drop less in my opinion.- You tell me to avoid weapons chests and when I do you give me 2 wrenches and a low tier bullet weapon mid game. What kind of rubbish is that?- Secret levels aren't really interesting to be honest. I wish there were unique weapons you could only attain on those levels like how it was done in Spelunky.- It makes no sense to me why the player is the only one affected by Flame Trap in the Wasteland and Spider Webs in the Caves. Enemies should not be able to walk or run full speed on the webs except for the spiders and crystals.- I wish the scoring system used for the Daily\Weekly Challenge Leader board rankings relied on something more than just kills, something like a point system for instance.* Points based on enemy types (1pts - Maggot, 3pts - Big Maggot, 5pts - Bandit, 15pts - Scorpion, 30pts - Golden Scorpion etc.)* 1.0		- Loop 0 multiplier (increments by 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 2.0 etc.)* 100pts	- Per level, affected by the Loop Multiplier* 250pts	- Secret levels (multiples of 250)* 500pts	- Defeating bosses (multiples of 500)* 750pts	- Crown raid + taking crowns* 1000pts	- IDPD HQ raidVerdictNuclear Throne is an extremely enjoyable and frantic rogue-lite which requires your utmost attention as any wrong slip will result in your death. Sometimes you get a crap seed where you get murdered instantly, don't get the right mutations or weapons and other times you get all the right mutations and weapons and go on a murderous rampage. That feeling is exhilarating. However it was released with various bugs that should've been fixed while in Early Access and it unfortunately represents the first strike against Vlambeer's perfect or near perfect record.So can I recommend you buy this game, sadly no, not with all the issues currently surrounding it which is a shame as the game is really enjoyable. However, if you can overlook the Cons and Irritations and understand that you're purchasing an unfinished game then by all means go for it, otherwise it's best to wait a while until the bugs\issues are fixed.- Review Update: (2016-02-22 Update 98) -VerdictNuclear Throne is an extremely enjoyable and frantic rogue-lite which requires your utmost attention as any wrong slip will result in your death. Sometimes you get a crap seed where you get murdered instantly, don't get the right mutations or weapons and other times you get all the right mutations and weapons and go on a murderous rampage. That feeling is exhilarating. Although it was released in a broken manner, it seems Vlambeer was hard at work to fix all\most of what was broken and I'm happy to sasy that I'm glad they did.So can I recommend you buy this game now after Update 98, sadly still no. Don't get me wrong Update 98 fixed some things like the Daily\Weekly Challenges and some other issues but the game is still buggy and crashes from time to time for no reason."
76561198074078122,Recommended,242680,20308650,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gary but worse,I didn't reach Nuclear Throne.
76561198240251208,Recommended,242680,26538171,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mr.House,"I DON'T NEED NO FRIENDS I DON'T NEED PHONE, JUST A BAG OF SEVERED HEADS AND MY NUCLEAR THRONE"
76561197987138689,Recommended,242680,21093619,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Hyena,"These are a few things to expect in this game, whether or not they throw you off or persuade you further to play decides whether or not this game is for you:This game is hard, no matter which way you spin it, but has the benefits of having a character for numerous play styles to give you more than 1 way to go at it.While RNG plays a part in it in terms of weapon drops and perks you can choose with each level, slow progression should be enough proof that these aren't the only factors. The first boss will kick your♥♥♥♥♥when you begin, and you'll be laughing him off after an hour or so.80% of deaths will be your fault and your fault alone, 20% will be cheap deaths due to either where you spawned on the map, or the map itself.As of writing this review, the 3 top guides to help you can be pretty much summed up with ""get gud"", the community claiming most complaints about the game being due to a lack of skill.This game would definitely be for people who tanked their way through Binding of Isaac for days on end, and in a vague sense, Dark Souls aswell...its that frustrating, head-banging pleasure you get from succeeding after the 148th try.To sum it up, this game will taunt you endlessly as you play it, whether or not you're the type to quickly give up and play something actually fun, or if you're the type who is only driven to play it more, will decide on if this games for you."
,Recommended,242680,11538010,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,rs|n4k,Very good. The Binding of Isaac + Crimsonland + Alien Shooter = Nuclear Throne9/10
,Recommended,242680,19591228,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,borf,"( Update 95)I seriously thought I'd never see the day Nuclear Throne came out of early access, but here we are after two years of constant weekly updates and support from the developers.I won't go into detail about how well they handled the early access system because that doesn't really determine the value of the finished game, but the devs are some of the best when it comes to talking to their community and being completely open about the development of Nuclear Throne, including regular streams that allows people to watch the devs do their thing. It's a wonderful example of how well early access can be used to create the best game possible, and I hope future titles learn from Vlambeers success.Anyways, the game as it stands now:ProsExtremely difficult, yet rewarding.12 (+2 secret) characters,all with unique playstyles and mechanics. Some are very basic to learn, while others are more suited for advanced players.Over 100 weapons. I felt like making the weapons aspect of this review larger because of how varied they are, but I'll just say this to sum it up: Super Bazooka.Daily and Weekly runs give the game a competitive aspect. The daily system is currently broken as of writing this review, however I'll update it when it is fixed. If the daily runs are the reason you may be wanting to buy NT, I'd wait for a while until it gets fixed.Quite possibly my favorite soundtrack of the year.Gorgeous artwork which really helps make the NT universe come to life.Yung VenuzCons:There is currently a lot of bugs in the game. Some of these are very minor texture glitches while some completey render the game unplayable on some systems. Like I said above, the developers are very much aware of these and are working on fixes right now, but I might suggest waiting until the next update comes around.This is a very controversial subject in the NT community, but keep in mind that the game is capped at 30 FPS. In my honest opinion I find this to be completely okay, and I'm usually picky when it comes to FPS issues in games. But NT is designed around 30 fps and doesn't suffer from any of the usual issues.There are some balancing issues when it comes to a secret aspect of the game after the final boss. The devs are aware of this however, and are gonna tone down some of the unfair aspects of it.Easily my game of the year, It's been a fantastic experience watching this game grow into one of the best rouge-likes of all time. My conclusion would be to wait until a future update, but if you have a need for a new rouge-like/lite, seriously don't hesistate in buying this. 200 hours in and I'm still having a blast killing various monsters with super flak cannons."
,Recommended,242680,14455724,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Fengren,"So I finished 5-3, and there was this Gatling Bazooka on the ground.I never tried nor seen it, so I was tempted to try it out on the wall.I held my Left Mouse Button.As I was having fun with all the missiles, the Gatling Bazooka was actually firing too fast until all the missiles hit each others tips, and one by one the missiles exploded until the last and nearest missile, which I fired recently, exploded then I died.10/10 would use gatling bazooka again"
,Recommended,242680,23390498,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Doctor Raaat,The guitar playing anthropomorphic aquatic animal can do a dash forward in order to get out of the way from bullets.
76561198084798383,Recommended,242680,16388149,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cozyhut3,"Right up there next to Risk of Rain and FTL in terms of great roguelikes. It's slightly more simplistic mechanically, but the actual gameplay centers around a wild and unforgiving chaos. It's beautiful. If you've been on the fence about this game, buy it now. You won't regret it. I certainly didn't.10/10, would roll again."
,Recommended,242680,24627505,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,•BOO• Theoretical Spy,Absoluty love this game. Its my second most played game on steam. It is a game that i can rely on if i retire from tf2. There is absolutly no lag to it at all. Uses not internet. I have terrible interent. The game itself makes you want to get better each run. Seeing how far you can go makes me want to go further.
76561198125143086,Recommended,242680,19074947,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,hastagmoist,"YES. I just love the game. The game runs smoothly even on my trash computer, and gameplay is exciting and never lets up. There's something for eveyone. Daily and weekly runs allow for competive play, and for the casuals, doing a bunch of regular runs is really fun. I guess my only complaint is that there's not really any difficulty curve for the noobier players. The only way to get better is to practice. Sure, you could unlock new characters, but the characters are pretty much balanced (and that's a good thing), and not one is so much better than the others that you're never gonna play the other ones again. Perhaps adding unlockable guns would be a good way to help the noobier players along (like me). But that's just my opinion. I'm not a game designer, so I wouldn't know about the techinical aspects of the power curve and other things that come along with adding new characters and features.Anyway, Great game. Buy it. Now. And then play it.(not really much point in buying it if you don't play it)"
76561198058356083,Recommended,242680,29417028,Posted: 22 January,all,lamajoe75,Best played with brain turned off.  Overthinking  highly discouraged.  Melee enthusiasts welcome.  Hand stretching optimizes performance.  Manageable bullet hell.  Incomplete sentences tolerated.
76561198065623910,Recommended,242680,26181167,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,WAR MACHINE,"959.8 hours into this game and im still loving it, very unique!"
,Recommended,242680,14721767,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ghostornamental,"This is one of the best, hardest, most infuriating, most delightful games I've ever played. I recommend it for any fan of this genre who isn't dissuaded by constant death, and it's only getting better."
,Recommended,242680,30965924,Posted: 5 April,all,Lodestar,me and my friend beat the game with us both playing as melting and we started doing the tarzan scream
,Recommended,242680,20614844,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,S'AraisVanu,"Continuing to show that corporates can do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that for some reason indies keep doing well for the sole reason that they haven't lost sight of what makes games good; the gameplayMake money to make games, Not games to make money."
76561198047635356,Recommended,242680,14942336,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Masked Ferret,"A punishing roguelike shooter with a surprising amount of nuanced gameplay. You play as one of several mutants in a post-apocalyptic setting. Your goal is to fight through throngs of enemies until you reach the Nuclear Throne. Along the way, you'll pick up different weapons and XP in the form of radiation. Each level you earn, you can choose a new mutation that helps you progress through the game.It sounds simple enough, and the basic jist of gameplay is. If you shoot things and don't get hit, you win. That's much easier said than done, though, especially as you spawn into levels randomly--something surrounded by enemies. Many times you'll have to go in guns blazing and run for cover. Others you'll weave in and out of bullet sprays while popping off a few well-aimed shots of your own. It's challenging and engaging, even in level 1-1. And that's a good thing, because you'll find yourself back there a lot.I thought this game would frustrate me, but so far I've had a smile on my face every time I've died. It's such a fun game that the only thing keeping me from hitting R to do a quick restart is other commitments.If roguelikes are your thing and you're a fan of punishing games, give it a whirl. Even though it's EA, it's extremely polished thus far and the develop updates it frequently."
,Recommended,242680,19705813,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nedward_Clark,"STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!The game is awesome! Endless and breathtaking! It's difficult for a newbie, but...it's like a Drug!You'll click ""Retry"" AGAIN and AGAIN without tiring, 'cause the aim is the NUCLEAR THRONE!Practice makes you better! Don't give up."
,Recommended,242680,32410555,Posted: 14 June,all,INIGO BBY COME HOME,"Too long? Here's the short version: Very challenging game with unique characters and extreme replayability, 10/10.Nuclear Throne is a bullet hell Rogue-Like shooter with procedurally generated levels and enemies that will always keep you on your feet. You get through the game by collecting rads which are dropped by most enemies. Once you collect enough rads to level up you're given a choice of four mutations at the end of a level. These mutations will give you various buffs such as higher speed, higher health, less enemy HP, etc. Most mutations work well on their own, but some combinations are almost game-breaking. As such, there is a fair amount of theorycrafting behind the mutation system and it gives you a lot of room to try out different mutations and see which ones work for your character.Speaking of characters, the game consists of 12 different characters including the 2 you unlock from the start. These characters are incredibly diverse in playstyle and I highly recommend that you try out all of them at least once to find out who works best for you. Each character has their own unique active ability, which is used by pressing RMB on PC. These range from shields to telekenesis to vine traps. These abilities can be upgraded with a mutation unique to your character called Throne Butt. Throne But generally makes your mutations even more powerful and allows you to synergize more mutations with your active.Overall, this game is absolutely worth the price. I'd highly recommend this to player that enjoy games similar to Enter the Gungeon and other bullet hell games. However, be aware that this game has a very steep learning curve and you WILL be dying a lot. If you can get past that initial wall, you will spend hundreds upon hundreds of hours on this game topping your previous high scores and hunting for secrets."
,Recommended,242680,22431124,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,A.,This is the type of game where you keep coming back even if you fail like hundreds of time.You will encounter many types of deaths and ways to improve your score before you die again.Hundreds of hours in and I still found a unique way to die in this game. Such an amazing experience.You Did Not Reach The Nuclear Throne
,Recommended,242680,30990486,Posted: 6 April,all,eyes,"Holy Crap! This game is a must-have for steam! This game is so simple, yet so challenging, you'll keep coming back to it!"
,Recommended,242680,23846581,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Karen,"Nuclear Throne is a rougelike top-down shooter where you fight your way to the Nuclear Throne, and its completely and utterly awesome.Pros:+Lots of Guns+Addicting+Cool character abilities+fun to fight enemies+Challenging+Cool pixel art styleCon: Crashes on startup sometimes.Overall a really great game 9/10.There is also a fish character so yeah."
,Recommended,242680,19686472,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,All of the Squids,"This, ladies and gents, is the most fun I've had with a twin-stick permadeath shooter since The Binding of Isaac. With a passionate community and a development team that went above and beyond to make this game into something truly wonderful with said community, this game is certainly the full package.  Everything from the music to the art has wonderful grit and polish, the setting of a hopeless post-apocalyptic wasteland never feeling so vibrant and varied. The controls are smoother than a babe's backside, the design is solid, and the pace frenetic. This is one of those games where a run could last anywhere from five seconds to forty five minutes, but every time the first thought that comes up when the death screen is encountered is, ""Let's have another go"". Nuclear Throne is as good as it gets for the marriage of well-designed weapons, varied characters, and a hard-as-nails bullet hell atmosphere that will hand you your own♥♥♥♥♥time and time again and leave you begging for more."
,Recommended,242680,13241293,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Underwhelmed,"The mutant apocolypse is hard stuff. If you like dying, failing, and being reminded that you aren't very good at video games over and over again, this is an excellent game for that.Post Release adendum:All of the above is true, only even more so. This is one highly evolved rogue-shooter."
,Recommended,242680,24838644,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Rastanza,"Don't buy this game. For the love of god, please, save yourself.Nothing awaits you in this game but death and failure. The entire point of this game is literally to keep going until you die. DOES THAT SOUND FUN? IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT??TO CONSTANTLY THROW YOURSELF INTO THE BLISSFUL EMBRACE OF DEATH!?!10/10 best roguelite ever released."
,Recommended,242680,12547721,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Darwin,"UpdateSince this review I've been hired to work for the company which made this game as a freelancer. This review was written way before I even thought of that, and I still do think that this is a great game, but I am obviously biased now and you should read another review if that bothers you. I haven't changed the original review, so here it is.Nuclear Throneis at the same time easy to pick up and detailed enough that you'll spend dozens of hours looking for various tricks, trying out different strategies, weapon matches, finding secret areas, and the most important thing - shooting mutants and rebels and fighting off the interdimensional police which is always on your tail. As a rougelike, it's not for the faint of heart - levels, the amount of enemies, weapons and mutations you get are always random and will differ each time you boot up the game. This allows you to replay the game as much as you like and it's always going to be just as great as the first time.There's no detailed unlock systemswhich force you to invest hundreds of hours into the game to get the full experience. Almost all characters and all weapons will be available after your first playthrough. Pick up someone with the pleasant name and go. Feel like having an all-out powerful run where you can blow up corpses of your enemies? Go ahead. Feel like casually strolling through the wasteland with your allies? Go ahead. Feel like having a frantic experience where the game randomly throws enemies at you when it feels like it? Go ahead.From plasma cannons to heavy crossbows,from double miniguns to auto flame shotguns - this game has it all. Just saying the name of a weapon makes you imagine it and think how awesome it is. And when you finally get to find them in game, pick them up and use them, it's going to be just as awesome and just as chaotic as you imagined. As this game is in early access, new weapons are being added all the time, and when you read something like ""Added a Flame Cannon"" in the update notes, you can't help but smile and think to yourself - yes, that's exactly the amount of chaos I want to cause next time I open up this game.You WILL die. You will die a lot.You will die in the most fair and the most unfair ways possible. But one thing is for sure. Each death, no matter how infuriating, will always teach you something. And in the end, each death makes you a better player. In a matter of hours, you will be pulling off professional dodging maneuvers, carefully picking mutations to build your character for the strategy you envisioned and the weapons you have, and before you know it, it will be 3am and you will be saying ""just one more run"".As this game is in early access, it's bound to change and I hope that it proceeds in the direction it's heading. If you're in doubt whether you're going to get your money's worth - yes, you will. You will get much more than that. Once it's out of early access, I have no doubts that this game will be one of the best games released for that year. I honestly recommend you pick the game up and give it a shot."
,Recommended,242680,29904222,Posted: 13 February,all,SnackerZ,"Nuclear Throne is an interesting game to tackle, basically if you want the most short and dumbed down version of the review: It's a top-down roguelike shooter you both love and hate.This game features 12 characters, each one with custom passives, actives, pros and cons, And the goal of the game is to reach the Nuclear Throne, On the way to sit thy throne you'll find many weapons, and you'll level up to select upgrades, The game feels wonderful to play with smooth controls, and nice music and crunchy sound effects, It does great at capturing that wonderful arcade feel.In this game however, don't expect to beat it in your first few attempts, It's hard,REALLY HARD,But it's so worth it.If online co-op is your thing there's a mod which adds that, which is also wonderful.This is probably like 90% biased so take this with a grain of salt but i love the game, and i can easily reccommend it."
,Recommended,242680,26192799,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,BucketDuck,It's sickBuy this
76561198048508294,Recommended,242680,13117464,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,The REAL Scarioso,"I recently got this game (thanks to Star_ and his streamers) and I already have 25 hours on it. It's an amazing time killer, though the game isn't complete so you may want to wait it out. Plus, I suck at rogue-likes (though I enjoy them nonetheless) so it may not be for you, for it can be unforgiving in some places (which is only to be expected). If you like rouge-likes (something like Binding of Issac) then I'd say this may be for you."
,Recommended,242680,28496387,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ace,"Great bullet hell rogue-like. A steep learning curve actually helps in this case, leaving lots of replayability.You will not reach the nuclear throne and when you finally do you will not reach it again.There are an infinite amount of thrones.You're ♥♥♥♥ed kiddo."
,Recommended,242680,23737913,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ajtpak,you can now play online with another person on co op finallyhttp://thronebutt.com/mods/18Can't recommend this game enough
76561198154396763,Recommended,242680,16290020,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Dragi Ljudi,"REVIEWNuclear Throne is a roguelike, bullet hell shooter, with some RPG elements, however one could probably deduce that from the description. Vlambeer’s previous efforts to deliver a high-score based shooter, have failed to deliver on genuine replay value, and one could be done with them mere hours after purchase. Nuclear Throne is NOT that. You will be occupied for a long time after the purchase of Nuclear Throne, and will have your knowledge of the game tested, due to ever changing subtleties in the gameplay, level design and even themes as you progress. Be expecting a captivating experience for hundreds of hours after purchase, I know I’m only getting started!The gameplay in Nuclear Throne is simple. Each character has a passive and active ability. These abilities keep one from sticking with a single character, and force one out of their comfort zone. This is helped by the fact that all the abilities are majorly balanced (except for the Chicken, which has recently been nerfed). I would call the gameplay a hybrid of Hotline Miami and The Binding of Isaac, however it is so much more. This is due to its immense gameplay depth. By this I mean, the game allows you to adapt the gameplay to your playstyle, and alter character’s unlockable abilities to synergies with one another, for example: A person could choose the “get more crates ability” along with the “Find more weapons ability” to have a greater likelihood of finding more guns, if that’s how he plays. Speaking of guns, the game has a wide selection of creative weaponry. These go from melee weapons, to hybrids of sniper rifles, shotguns and even fire. Even through the carnage of setting the whole screen ablaze with a flame shotgun, one can easily appreciate the game’s worthwhile arsenal. The difficulty pacing is very well handled, because at times I noticed the game was being as I wanted it to. IfThe gameplay is made more enjoyable by the game’s extremely well designed aesthetics. The screen shakes like crazy, and enemies flash white and pause when hit, to give the game a punchier, more powerful feel. The pixel art style is good. Nothing of the art is so beautiful that it deserves commending, but it at least gets the job done well. Enemies all look good, and help make the “post fallout” theme really be in the core of the game at all times, always making you feel like the world around you is a desolated wasteland. My major complaint is that the size of the pixels, make it, sometimes, difficult to distinguish major pieces of information, like text, or even bullets. I still find it difficult to distinguish between a shotgun, and a pop gun.Musically the game is fantastic. All music has a theme that corresponds to the environment where it is found, and it sounds great! Psychedelic vocals play in the sewers, and rap plays in Y.V.s pimped-out mansion. The actual sound design for all the weapons is fine. It doesn’t strive to do anything special, and sticks to the similar sounds found in most retro-shooters.FINAL THOUGHTSIn the unlikely event that you have read this far (please let me know in the comments if you have ☺), I would like to talk about the amazing job that the developers are doing. The game is in the dreaded “early access” stage, however the game right now is basically complete. Developers are constantly adding new content to keep the game fresh, and its getting kind of ridiculous! I’ve never seen such a passion for expanding the community (which is terrific by the way), and for that I respect Vlambeer, despite their shortcomings in Luftrausers. I strongly recommend anybody interested in fun games purchases this game, because its well worth its price, even in early access, make no mistakes, this is one of the best retro shooters ever, and I definitely wont be refunding this *wink wink*SCORE80/100A solid title, worthy of players with interests in any other genre, and content well worth the price. Just don't come in looking for a well developed multiplayer."
76561198029043678,Recommended,242680,17920391,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Unearthly Bean,Got 10 minutes to spare?Need to kill some time?Can't find anything to kill it with?Buy Nuclear Throne and you won't ever have that problem.It is simple rogue-like perma death games like this that really hold a special place in my fingers.
,Recommended,242680,19408165,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,GreenBit,"Why I play this game:-More weapon variety than TF2-Fast paced as Hotline Miami-KOZILEK OF LUFTRAUSERS-tasty, tasty SFX10/10""clicking things should never feel this empowering"""
,Recommended,242680,17023966,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,General Black,"Well after 50hrs of gameplay I finally beat the 1st run-through once. Fifty hours over a 300 deaths,  30 thousand kills or so and an infinite number of wtf moments. In a world of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AAA's and second rate 8bit's, this game stands out like so many don't. A duel fire recommendation from me and in the wise words of the steroid packed meat grinder that carried me to victory ""blurablahrgablbla""."
,Recommended,242680,24843106,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,M3gadeuce,"Now I hear a lot of people saying Enter the Gungeon is supposed to be better than this game and Isaac. Enter the gungeon is 60 fps while this game is 30 fps. However there are two main reasons why I prefer this game more to Gungeon. First is that the game feels a lot more skill based than gungeon. Whenever I play gungeon, it feels like how you do on the first boss widely depends on the items you get on the first floor. If you have not such a good loadout, the first boss feels like it takes forever to destroy. And most of the time, the loadout you get in the beginning isn't so great. In this game, that's not really the case. Usually by the time you reach the first boss, you have a lot likely adequately equipped, in which you can fight the boss without it overstaying its welcome. As for enemies in this game, it also feels like while you can kill enemies easily, they can kill you easily too, so how long you really last in this game depends on your skill.The other reason I prefer this game to Gungeon, and this is a big one, is because IT HAS ONLINE CO-OP. Well, unofficially. You have to download a mod to get it to work, called ""Nuclear throne together"". Believe it or not, this mod does have a fair share of users active. And after playing it for around an hour, I have to say that it is one of the best co-op games I've ever played. Enter the Gungeon could have also greatly benefitted from co-op but sadly it's not available in that game. Not to say that Gungeon isn't a bad game. What gungeon has in itself is solid. But this game feels like you win more with skill, not with the gun you're holding, and really, if you don't mind 30 FPS, you're going to have a hell of a time with this game.  Also you have many characters with different playstyles, craploads of guns, probably around the same amount as gungeon, and online play. Seriously, why are you still reading this? Go out and buy this game!My score of this game (with co-op) = 9.0/10"
,Recommended,242680,29156698,Posted: 9 January,all,towwl,"Early in this game's development, it already was an extremely satisfying game to play. The impacts of your actions and the crunchy sound effects added together to make a wonderful top-down experience. It seemed like they already had the ""game feel"" nailed, and most of Early Access would be focusing on adding more content. And then each update came, week after week, and it continued to justfeelbetter and better, and with more content to boot! Any aspiring game developer should spend a good amount of time studying how Vlambeer gets the feeling of their games just right.The gameplay is fine too. The weapon/character/enemy variety keeps the game interesting for potentially hundreds of hours. The Early Access period also led to some very well balanced generation as well. Each run through the game depends almost entirely on skill alone; it's not often that the game screws you or carries you like in The Binding of Isaac.Mind you, it's still a difficult game. One moment might be going pretty well until a momentary lapse in concentration puts you from full health to zero. Life is fragile in the wasteland and it takes a good amount of dedication to gain the experience to reliably make it through even the first few areas. But even once you get the hang of it, there's no real skill ceiling to the game. The difficulty past the throne will continuously ramp up to push you to your limit, and those late game situations mowing through massive waves of enemies really highlight the ""game feel"" that Vlambeer does so well.A high recommendation from me. Give it a shot if you're up to the challenge."
,Recommended,242680,20052436,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Donkonky,"The thing about rougelikes is that they make you feel like a complete moron. You find yourself tutting at yourself, ashamed of your own ineptitude. Nuclear Throne is no different. In fact it's probably harsher than average. And that's a very good thing.Maybe I'm just a noob. I think I am. I get massacred every time: on numerous ocassions an irradiated rat has knawed me to death. Cars have exploded from stray enemy rounds and sent me spiralling across the level. A crocodile with a shotgun once made me wish my father had never had that dirty glint in his eye looking at my mother. I mean, they're divorced now, and that whole experience was probably less rage inducing than Nuclear Throne.I may be a sadomasochist for this type of thing, but I keep going back. Each run, each easily avoided slaying, simply drives me on to discover more of the complex progression system. The depth of game's secrets, weapon management and characters are all of incredibly high standard. All lures in their own right.But I think the main reasons I love this game are its weird sense of humour and beautfiul graphics. Any game that has a mutated Fish rolling around fighting robot assassins, giant maggots and really angry turtles, all rendered in an eye-wateringly lovely arcade art style, has my support.Buy it. Die. Die again. Stop playing for two days. Be drawn back like a fly to a steaming turd. Die some more. Relish every second.'tis good."
76561198055473605,Recommended,242680,23410388,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Your Uncle Ron,You'll blame the game for 75% of your deathsIts only the games fault 70% of the time
76561198178602901,Recommended,242680,24469415,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,LazloDaLlama,"The 6 steps of  playing this game.1: Start your day off with a decent run2: Your second run you die halfway to the first point you made it to3: Get mad, rush through stages in an attempt to get back to the first point4: Die a handful times more and verge on rage quitting5: The following run do exteremly well, and your hope returns6: Repeat step 2"
,Recommended,242680,14895601,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Breadman,"I suck hardcore at this game but I'm going to review it anyway (again). Basically it's a rouge-ish bullet hell game about a group of mutants who are on a journey to claim the nuclear throne, one of the most soul beating,♥♥♥♥♥♥kicking, rage inducing bosses ever (And it's not even really the final boss). You have a selection of 12 characters to play with, each with their strengths and weaknesses. It also includes a leveling up system with each level allowing you to choose from four powers, know as mutations. There are a multitude of stages with increasingly difficult enemies (But very few border the line of unfair). After a few levels a boss will spawn randomly from a wall or in the middle of the screen. These bosses range from: ""Pfft that was a boss?"" to ""Ah♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm screwed, oh♥♥♥♥♥♥here he comes."" I'd say it is very skill based and unforgiving, so if you are into that kind of thing in a game this will be right up your alley. I still have yet to master it but I still find the fun in it even if I suck. Also the devs seem interested in just making games and constantly updated the game till its full release, and there will most likely be content later. There are a couple of drawbacks however. Due to the games random nature, you can get a reaaaaaaally bad spawn where the boss spawns two feet from you or where you have minimum protection against a huge wave of fish (no joke).TL;DRPros: A good selection of charactersGood devsFun yet not boringly easyLots of secretsNice art and sound tracksA looping systemLOCAL Co-opCons:A couple of unfair bosses/enemiesRNG spawns can make you want to tear your arms off and slam your face on your keyboardLosing a great run can give you a heart attackUnsure post-EA future (Maybe)Flame TrapsRating: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242680,14247990,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,theExcelsior,"You did not reach the Nuclear ThroneNuclear Throne has this  addictive feeling to it,that only a few games manage to create.Developer 'Vlambeer' did a great job again with thisrougelilke-like game.It reminds oneself of games like 'The binding of Isaac'and 'Gun Godz' (also made by Vlambeer) and is much likethe latter one really based on skill rather than luck.Meaning that even if you get some nasty luck with yourupgrades on a run, you can still make it work.Added to that it is hard like crystallized carbonite.So i can only recommend this game to anyone who likes agood challange and wants to feel like a real Gun God."
,Recommended,242680,25355025,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Black Puppet,"Update : Played 177 hours and finally I unlocked the B skin for my favorite character. Boy this game is hard.I played 43 hours of this, counting upwards day by day, and I am regretting every single second, I am playing this piece of garbage. But now to explain this, rather bad sounding beginning.This game, is great. Great at the gameplay, the roguelike, the weapons, not so much the enemies but still good enough. Another thing its good at is making me frustrated like hell. I have played so many times, so many hours AND I AM STILL NOT PAST THE SEVENTH GOD DAMN AREA! This game is good, its amazing! COULDNT LOVE OR HATE IT MORE!Seriously if you are a masochist, buy it. You are going to love it. You played Dark Souls and love it? Play this! You get about the same ""GIT GUD"" garbage.But now to the real thoughts:This game is good. It actually is amazing. I love it dearly and I couldnt hate it more either. It is like Binding of Isaac if you take all the fun parts out and replace it with a literal bullethell from Touhou. Remember the Mom fight or Hush? And how hard they were? Now think of that in every single level past the first 4. Actually even the first 3 level can contain that. And I am not talking about a tiny room with one boss doing this. No, the level is big and filled with enemies that shoot at you and attack you if you are too close to them as well. And if you manage not to get hit, you will be happy. This however will most likely not be the case with all types of enemies running around, hitting you as you touch them.All in all, I give this game a ""good"" on my scale. It only reaches good because its frustrating as hell. Even more than ""Binding of Isaac"". Like, I didnt think there would be a game out there like that...Now back into the hell of this game...Urgh..."
,Recommended,242680,33447229,Posted: 10 July,all,Lex,"This review is being writ about 15-20 mins after beating the throne fir the 3rd time. As of writing this review i have not unlocked all characters or seen all the game.Nuclear Throne is a top down twinstick shooter simalar to The binding of Isaac or Enter the gungeon.Your main goal as the player is to reach level 7-3 and destroy the nuclear throne!there are many chracter unlocks weapons items secrets and progression to keep you busy.there is also a daily mode where you can compete against people all over the world to see who can get the most amount of kills and how many loops you can do! (1  loop is being the nuclear throne once)the secrets are hidden enough that you not accident unlock them but arent too cryptic that you be looking something up every run.the largest strenght this game has is the ""one more go"" mentality i feel like i open nuclear throne around 15-20 times a day just to get my fix of killing alot of things with a huge selection of weapons.each character has their own abilities that make you play each character very differentlyeg. crystal can withstand bullets and doesnt need to hide to avoid damage. if you run our of ammo with most characters it become useless but with robot and chicken you can throw your weapon (chicken) or eat your weapon to gain ammo for something else (robot)Overall there is something here for everyone looking to have a quick blast of exitement and for people looking to buy this game but arnt too sure about the price wait for a sale because at any reduced price this game is worth every penny!The only issues and gripes i have with NT is that deaths feel too sudden and really underwhelming the game is sometimes down to luck depending on what mutations you get and weapon finds and sometimes i dont even know how i died or how to imporve.for new players looking for tips i would reccomend sticking with one chraracter until you beat the game a few times it took me around 40 tries to kill the throne might take a bit more for you since i record and see my mistakes which is also reccomend doing!And one final statement ""Fish Can Roll"""
,Recommended,242680,31062772,Posted: 10 April,all,CatzCraft,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game...I've been playing this game for around six months as of writing this review and I've amassed over 300 hours played. This game is an amazing, fast paced, hard as nails top-down shooter. Every character has a different ability and they are all fun to play from time to time. The pixel graphics are beautiful, and the music is great! Buy this game. It's good. You won't regret it.(itishardasnailsthoughsodontexpecttobegoodatitfromthegetgo)"
76561198049731941,Recommended,242680,25043763,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Mudkip the Mud Fish,still cant get past kool-aid man and his army of maggots
76561198048842228,Recommended,242680,14284715,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ramin,This game is one of the best roguelikes. Hands down.
,Recommended,242680,23375054,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Birdseed,YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONElil hunter's laugh/10
76561198046233727,Recommended,242680,18233526,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,dfens00,"A top-down bullet-hell shooter rogue-like. Hard as balls, but super fun. 10/10, no question."
,Recommended,242680,14319122,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,thx,Nuclear Throne is a great top down shooter with lots of interesting features and a difficult/hardcore play style. It is more than exciting to play and I would recommend it ot anyone.11/10 Fish does in fact rollWould roll again.
,Recommended,242680,35208141,Posted: 25 September,all,Misleading Bread,"You can really tell how old this game when you consider that this game was made back when illuminauti and mlg memes were still considered funny,10/10 this is honestly still one of my best buys on steam"
,Recommended,242680,26496520,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,kestrel,"i didn't think it was possible to adore and despise a game simultaneously but i guess nuclear throne proved me wrong. fläshyn, boys :DDDddalso rogue a best"
,Recommended,242680,17895011,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Arrowtongue64,This is one of he best games out there!I love this game It is the game I play 90% of the time.Yeah it can make you go slightly insane because of rage ocationaly but you still love it so!The simple fact this game is still being worked on and being updated weekly is what makes this community so amazing!9.5/10 I'm waiting for the full release to give it a 10/10 It's still not done but is amazing already!
,Recommended,242680,25585057,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,"""Do not be fooled by other Nuclear Clones.This the real deal, pls hold the phones!I started out a wastland king, now I am all alone.Rollin all the way to that Nuclear Throne.""-HPV from the FAVThis game has changed how I view video games.Just like Luftrausers, it rewards you every time you start a new run.Vlambeer feeds you on a metaphysical level.One of the best soundtracks in all media.Must own.Triple dip.Get you some."
76561197995952151,Recommended,242680,8408050,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Vanta Black,"This game achieves so much with so little.  It harkens back to a much simpler time in video games, while still bringing something new to the table.  The art style and music is wonderful and the gameplay is insanely addictive.  I can't wait to see what else Vlambeer does with this game.  It seems rouge like games are a dime a dozen lately, but this game stands out among all the others.  I havent had this much fun with a rogue like since Binding of Issac.  If you like old school games like NES's Jackal, or just awesome top down action games, this is definately for you."
,Recommended,242680,25260188,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Spyroshark,i accidentally ate my gun
76561198084949995,Recommended,242680,19610068,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Will Smith,"Fast paced, clever, and immersive. Characters are all interesting and different, and while the controls are simple, it takes a while to get really GOOD at the game."
,Recommended,242680,8309568,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Retrific,Look at how much time I spent in this neat little game :C
,Recommended,242680,18433502,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Caffeine Kitt,"*Plays as Y.V. Quad fires a nuke launcher*Whatcha gonna do, when nuka-mania runs wild on your brother!?!10/10 would self destruct again."
76561198009709004,Recommended,242680,19540613,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Syvie,"This game is amazing. If you like a fast paced twitchy shooter then this game is fantastic. If you want something with a slower speed, play it like it's tactical.Either way you're gonna♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself and scream in agony on your way to the nuclear throne, but you'll love every moment.Have you even seen all the guns?  Double ♥♥♥♥ing flame shotgun, SUPER FLAK CANNON, GATLING BAZOOKAS, even a mother ♥♥♥♥in auto grenade shotgun... Think about that. A shotgun that rapid fires not 1, not 2, but 5 ♥♥♥♥in nades.This game is more than worth the $11."
,Recommended,242680,19792022,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Zeb,Never in My life have I seen the same line of text more times than I've looked at my motherYou Did Not Reach The Nuclear Throne
,Recommended,242680,32003825,Posted: 27 May,all,naic hat (WEMP),if you value your sanity don't buy this game
,Recommended,242680,28382392,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Pigmess,"Another Vlambeer work of art. Fast-paced top-down roguelike mouse+keyboard (highly recommended) or dual stick shooter. I've happily poured hours into this game and will continue to do so without regret. Several characters to choose from, each with unique abilites and tradeoffs that are well designed to offer a challenging experience. Enemies are numerous and if you're like me, will kill you dead again and again, making it that much more gratifying to knock their block off with a shotgun blast. Or stick 'em between the eyes with a crossbow bolt. Or blow them to kingdom come with a cluster grenade. Or laser their face with lasery lasers. Etc., etc., etc.Music and sound design are on point, to be expected from this developer but worth a mention just the same.Very few gripes, none worth listing here. Beauty of a game.Everything hurtsPew pew pew pew"
,Recommended,242680,22025127,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,The Pyronator,"In short, Nuclear Throne is a roguelite 2D top-down bullet hell dungeon crawler shooter.It takes many elements from the great pioneers of all of these (sub)genres, violently mashes them together and adds some more difficulty to the surprisingly well-smelling mess.You start off in the wasteland with... well, nothing but a bad gun with a bit of ammo really.As you kill all enemies to progress to the next randomly generated stage, you'll try to loot dead enemies and chests for better guns (that all play differently and are all better in certain situations), more ammo for those guns and rads (which give you the ability to mutate between stages) in a desperate attempt to not die horribly.(which WILL happen eventually)As you git gud, you will also unlock: new characters which encourage different playstyles, a  variety of improved golden weapons to start with in future runs to make delving down to the throne less hard, skins that don't do sh♥t, and challenging crowns to add even more spice to the pili-pili.Once you reach and kill the throne, the game will 'loop', throwing you back in the first stage with a lot more and harder enemies to kill (you). This process will repeat itself.UNTIL YOU DIEI have not played a whole lot of this game, but i'll be adding more to this review as i play and discover more."
,Recommended,242680,26216623,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Dunk Mast'a,"It's a great bullet hell (emphasis on hell). This amazing creation allows anyone to play with their own style and pizzazz. I personally prefer Y.V. however that's just me, you can use whomever you like.Just keep in mind that everything in this game is out to get you, so don't get too frustrated if your run is ruined in an instant."
,Recommended,242680,28915927,Posted: 1 January,all,Pigrickton,This game is a cruel unforgiving ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who loves to taunt you and unfairly torture you over every wrong move you've made.And yet I still play it.
,Recommended,242680,17347529,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Randy Stair,"Trouble don't wanna, you me gon' gun down your mama,We be for fun kill a llama, do-donkey zebra piranha,Me ride giraffe up on toppa and Im gonna chahana matata,Who want a piece of the guy who got da horse meat off de schwarma?I'm gonna shoot you in the morning, get your blood on my eggs,Shoot you in the hand, head, face, chest, neck, legs,At Chrismahannukwanzaka got him hung on a tree,Jump out me be gunnin' down your fat family,Wanna spell a good time to me, it's M-U-R-D,E-R-N-O-N-S-T-O-P, you don't wanna be-hee hee hee,Your booty I shooty, better than good nudie movie,To me I gotta that kooky, hot like the Huxtable Roody."
,Recommended,242680,17276491,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Oklieo,BUY THIS GAMEThis game is an absolute masterpiece. Nuclear Throne brings some new and fresh♥♥♥♥♥♥to the table when the table is filled with so called Triple A games that are just trash anyway.This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Cant wait till the full release
,Recommended,242680,19025729,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,PSYCHOMURDER JUNKIE,fun if you want to kill yourself
,Recommended,242680,9469726,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mouse,"Nuclear Throne is a phenomenal game that doesnt cease to please. No matter your skill level, the game constantly brings new things into the mix to help you or to harm you ( every single week). Also regardless of skill, this game bring endless hours of fun. Unlike other Rouge-Lite games, as of now, this game provdies 12 unique characters all with their own play-styles. Want to be a tank, Crystal is for you. Enjoy high-risk playing, Melting will suit you nicely. Nuclear Throne does an excellent job of incorporating a character to suit practically anyone. Nuclear Throne also adds a feature that is different than most other games of it's type; ammo management.  Just when you think you are about to beat Lil' Hunter and make it to the throne room, you can run out of ammo and it can mean almost certain death. This can influence your gun choices drastically, is it really worth taking the triple machine gun? Or the Hyper Rifle? As opposed to a Heavy Crossbow? On the subject of guns, every gun feels relatively different, not like the developers were lazy and reskinned a gun and called it new. Overall, Nuclear Throne does a great job of challenging anyone while still making sure that it is beatable. I would personally reccommend it to anyone i know, as Nuclear Throne provides something for all types of Gamers."
,Recommended,242680,14197399,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,IamTheSpy!,I killed a gigantic 30 foot tall 3  headed dog that had a minigun and rocket launcher installed in his backthat could spin in its self  more than 25 times in a second shooting bullets and missiles everywhere that would make a gigantic explosion on death. with......a screwdriver.Then some guy in purple clothes  hit me with a stick and i died.10/10
,Recommended,242680,17684172,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,King McTavich,"Nuclear Throne would have to be one of the best games ive ever played, and i would recomend this game to every one. Just don't expect to win."
76561198195363506,Recommended,242680,15788795,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Helix,"This game is totally worth the money and the fact that it is not even done yet is more of a reason to buy it. They have a lot of cool features planned for this game including tons of more characters and even versus modes, The future of this game is bright and I highly recommend it."
79569199074321708,Recommended,242680,18846997,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,AceRei,"Nuclear Throneis a very well made roguelite twin-stick shooter that incredibly fun and satisfying to play that I would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys roguelikes.There are six different categories of guns; Bullet, Shell, Arrow, Laser, Explosive and Melee. Each one of them feels different and unique so there will be a preferred weapon type for everyone. The gunplay in the game is very well done, all the weapons feel like they have a weight to them and it is fun to mix different weapons to find the perfect combination. The randomized nature of the game means that players will get to experiment and experience all the weapons. Furthermore, it’s very satisfying to learn the how the weapons work and master the controls of the variety weapons.There are a variety of character which have unique abilities such as rolling and shields and player also levels up their character through the run which will unlock new attributes, leading to some unique builds that will adjust how the player will play the game, meaning every run is unique. There is also daily challenges which will spawn a new run every day and you can replay the same map for a day and try to place on the leaderboard, rather than a randomized level each time, creating a variety of game modes.Every stage in the game feels unique with new enemies introduced that you learn the patterns. The game has elements of Shmup games with a large amount of bullets flying towards you and can get overwhelming but it’s very satisfying find a path through the enemies and beat the level.Even though the game can be very challenging, the difficulty curve is not too steep so that it doesn't become too hard for players too quickly, the player is always in a space where it is possible to fight out of any challenge.The sound design and graphics both build a very unique atmosphere, the music often matches the settings perfectly and is very invigorating when fighting the enemies. The pixel graphics are very detailed and unique that gives the game great charm and character that is wonderful to look at, all the enemies are instantly recognizable and interesting to fight.This is also a paragon of early access games. The devs have made over 90 weekly updates to the game that add new features such as weapons, characters, as well as adjust and rebalance gameplay. They listen to the community; they deserve some respect for their commitment to the game in a landscape of exploitive developers who want to release buggy, broken games to get a quick buck, such as DayZ and countless other scams.Nuclear Thronestarted out a great game and has only gotten better over time as more things get added to the game, as it soon approaches its full release, it sets a standard for early access games on Steam and it is a shame that this level of dedication to a game isn’t seen very often. Overall, definitely worth picking up to support good developers and a great game, looking forward to the final release coming up soon!"
76561198158149244,Recommended,242680,14726002,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,tuckboat,"In short review form per the Early Access phase of the game...Hard as Balls.Crazy as Hell.Insanely Frustrating.Unbelievably Fun.I get beat down again and again and I keep coming back for more. I am also thankful for it.This game seems to improve with every update (2-3 weeks between big ones)I will write a full review after it gets out of early access. Though to be honest I do not care if they ever do officially ""finish"" this game it will still be in my top 10 for the year."
,Recommended,242680,26392797,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,johnny savage,High octane rougelike action that will never leave you bored. The different characters give the game incredible varity. I have over 100 hours and I'm still bad. One of the only games I've ever bought in pre-release that actually got compeleted and lived up to it's potential. Highly reccomened.
,Recommended,242680,8729750,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),What kind of desolate hellhole would enable this kind of activity?Answer: THE BEST ONE EVER.
,Recommended,242680,16004456,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Night Shade,help i can't stop playing this game send food
,Recommended,242680,33421437,Posted: 9 July,all,WinAce,"Probably one of the best games I have ever played. Me saying that despite never quite reaching the throne may be laughable, but I don't care.Also, don't step on the red carpet"
76561198006624587,Recommended,242680,15120750,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,jigglestick,This game is hard but fair.Random levels and enemies.Fast action.More difficult than Binding of Isaac Rebirth.Great music.Daily rank challenge.Each character feels different.Rare bugs.Still being updated.
,Recommended,242680,17561074,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Ghostler Jones,"It's a game about clicking on dudes. When you click on all of the dudes, you get to go to a place with more dudes to click on. Sometimes the game gives you stuff that lets you click on dudes even better.PLOT TWIST: There are dudes that will want to click on you. When you get clicked on by a dude, the game is over. One of these dudes is named Lil' ♥♥♥♥ing Hunter. He's the fastest clicker dude in town.Game's easy 11/10Would not recommend to filthy casualsLil' Hunter is best PokemonBig Dog is a chumpYou can melee kill Big Bandit in one hitThe Throne definitely existsYou will never see Throne Butt again unless you're FishYou always see Throne Butt as FishYung Venuz is the fastest clicker in the video gameCrystal is a pansyJust let Melting sleepPlant is hungryRebel is Big Bandit's sisterChicken likes kung fu moviesSteroids can lift anythingHorror is ashamed of himselfEyes can't eat because he doesn't have a mouthRogue is at large"
,Recommended,242680,15228360,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,The Reaper Queen,"I think that the replay ability is super high as there are always new maps, upgrades and charaters you can play as. This game doesn't look the best, but compared to some games, this has so many hours of play time, plus this game is constantly being updated so new weapons, enemies, mutations and charaters. Not many people can finish the game, but when you do you're faced with even more challenges, how far can you get?"
,Recommended,242680,15733905,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,:b:,"Introduction-ing ""F**K THE POLICE SIMULATOR 2015: i would put nopopo emote here but steam reviews suck""The greatest sitcom of 2015, featuring a giant fish, living jewelry, some poor guy stuck in the process of changing forms of matter, a guy with lots of eyes, a plant who can somehow run faster than everyone else dispite having no legs, the illuminati, the bronze and brains, a robot cube, the hot rebellion leader you see from all the movies, a weeaboo chicken, a dog made of nuclear waste, and the loveable scamp whos always getting into trouble that's not yung venuz, hopefully voiced by estellejoin them on their adventures to overcome the wasteland, score some dank memes, and become WASTELAND KINGSbut they have to face sinister villians such as the bandit leader who you can basically kill in one hit, and to prevent this he multiplies, the defender of hell, DPS/Skill inspecter, and the STUPID EXPLODING PLANTS AND TEMPLE DOGS DAMN THEM ALL TO HELLthe only bad thing about this series it that it's pretty repetitive (GET IT CUZ LOOPS) and there's a lot of reruns (HEHEHEH)"
,Recommended,242680,19706167,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ideaot,there are still new things to do.10/10
,Recommended,242680,15933955,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Beeble,"Started up game as fish, rolled into a scorpion and died. 10/10"
,Recommended,242680,20254623,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ch3,You can press B to blow airhorn as Y.V.10/10 GOTY unistall your other games.
,Recommended,242680,19596071,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Teanus,Repeatedly dying to Little Hunter gave me ptsd.
,Recommended,242680,16842013,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ching Chong Chonney,"Nuclear Throne is one of my all time favourite games on steam. It is definitely one of my significant and satisfying games in my steam library. Extremely addictive, but fun to play. Nuclear Throne is packed with 7 different kind of worlds, over 100 guns, 4 bosses (Including the Throne), Different kinds of mutations, updates every week and a lot more! There are also 12 different characters with unique abilities that will help you survive in the apocalyptic world. Do I recommend this game? Hell yeah.(38 hours of playing Nuclear Throne, and I finally looped. It took me a while as I had to face the Throne 3 times and Throne II 2 times to loop once. I had a Heavy Assault Rifle and Heavy Auto Crossbow which are really OP weapons)."
,Recommended,242680,13796693,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,popcat,"After hitting 40 hours of playtime in a week during the holidays, I can say only one thing.Wow.This game is truly amazing. Not only does its playstyle allow newer players to learn the game, but it also lets advanced or more experienced players still have fun. The game is fun, and since you restart from the beginning at every death, makes you cautious around certain enemies and allows you to learn from your previous mistakes. Additionally, I love the mutations, and like how you can choose certain mutations to fit your own playstyle and make the game more fun.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone, and promise that it will provide hours of enjoyable play-time."
76561198060586609,Recommended,242680,31115272,Posted: 13 April,all,gofgu,"Nuclear Throne is a fast paced Dungeon Crawler with loads of weapons and unlocks.The game might be a little difficult at first, but the more you play the more you'll understand the game.There is a total of 12 playable characters which are all unique in their design and abillities. Daily and Weekly runs are also available. In a weekly run only certain characters are playable and pre equipped with starting gear, you can play these as often as you want in one week and they get swapped out with a different run the next week. Daily runs are basically just normal runs which you can do once a day and everyone's score from that run will be put on a leaderboard.Amazing gameplayAwesome SoundtrackAnd endless hours of fun! :Dtenouttaten"
,Recommended,242680,20612973,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,MSB,"Fun as hell with a nice amount of variety, but can take a while to get the hang of it all. Keyboard and mouse are certainly the best way to play, but I like using a controller for whatever reason."
,Recommended,242680,25960168,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Lendian,"Yes I have looped a lot but even with 260+ hours I have yet to hit L2. My PB is YV L1 Palace CoB. I have been close.EDIT: Loop 2 Achieved. Took 300 hours, will never hit it again."
,Recommended,242680,13276473,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,splendid ledraps,"So far it's in pre-release, but it's showing a lot of potential and great content already. You never know what the game will hit you, or treat you, and it always makes a great new experience, or frustration.If you're not attracted to this game, take a look at the planned features, or try it out again once the game is fully released."
,Recommended,242680,31004524,Posted: 7 April,all,Cancer,"Hands down my favourite game.It is always more and more challenging, and makes you want to always beat your previous best.I am still learning new things and encountering new obstacles after 100 hours played."
76561198057881646,Recommended,242680,13836247,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Dr Sombrero,"This game is amazing, Fast paced, weird and full of things that want to make me kill myself yet i still say ""one more run"" and its not even a full game yet 10/10"
,Recommended,242680,21844516,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"a dire warning to america, sent back in time to us via a game that's too hard for me to beat"
,Recommended,242680,31656750,Posted: 9 May,all,Tekio,"Nuclear Throne é um jogo rogue-like, bullethell com gráficos pixelados e em 2D desenvolvido e publicado pela empresa Vlambeer disponível por 24 reais no Steam.O jogo se passa em um mundo pós-apocalíptico na visão de 12 personagens que você começa com dois deles e pode desbloquear outros 10 com o passar do tempo, e tem 2 deles que são secretos. O objetivo do jogo é conseguir ir o mais distante possível, algo que é bem complicado.Igual à vários outros jogos de tiro, tem uma grande variedade de armas, sendo elas armas que utilizam energia, shells, balas, explosivos e bolts, gráficos pixelados bem feitos, uma grande variedade de inimigos e uma pequena quantidade de chefões, mas são todos bem dificeis no começo e vários lugares para se visitar com o passar do tempo e tem uma soundtrack boa. (dependendo da pessoa, pelo menos eu gostei)O jogo não apresenta modo online, somente um co-op local onde você pode jogar com seu amigo no mesmo computador, um usando o teclado e o outro com um controle, mas tem um mod que faz com que você possa jogar com até quatro amigos.Raramente você poderá ficar parado nesse jogo, constantemente terá inimigos atirando balas em direção à você, e cada tiro te dá 3 de dano e você tem mais ou menos 8 pontos de vida, algo que torna o jogo bem complicado.As únicas coisas tristes que eu não gostei sobre esse jogo é que o último update foi ano passado, deixando a impressão que o jogo foi abandonado pelos seus criadores (mas de acordo com um amigo meu, é porque eles estão trabalhando em colocar uma versão para consoles) e ele não entra em descontos, nem mesmo na Summer Sale ou no Natal, mas é bem divertido para passar o tempo, mas as vezes tem alguns momentos de raiva extrema."
,Recommended,242680,35187417,Posted: 24 September,all,tristan.simeon,1 more try and i go to bed
,Recommended,242680,12447249,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,⸎peth,"I give this game my highest of recommendations, it's hard to regret a $12 purchase that nets you so many cool mutants to die with.Buy this game."
,Recommended,242680,13820220,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sweet Juice,Fish can roll
76561198071747846,Recommended,242680,19622946,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Dolphinflavored,"Nuclear Throne is an amazing arcade-style top-down shooter with startling amounts of replayability. It's fast-paced and not once have I been bored in all of my playtime.The characters are the most colorful and creative I have ever witnessed, which is extremely surprising, considering most of them are simple one-word concepts drawn up as people. Or gods. Or even fish. I don't know how it works, but it does.The gameplay is perfectly designed; the mutations are really satisfying to pick, and get even more satisying as you get better at the game and actually know which mutations do what.For those that are iffy on the difficulty of the game, I can say the difficulty is definitely high, but I consider it a large feature of the game. The goal is to reach the Nuclear Throne, and it's not expected of you to do it on your first try, but when you do, (took me 50-60 hours) you will feel so accomplished. Everything in your entire life will light up in stunning clarity, and just as you commence the final fight, ready to take your Nuclear Throne...you die because you didn't know there was a sudden-death beam at the beginning.you're welcomeBut it was worth it, because then you knew it was possible, and you could do it again with an entirely different character, different levels, different guns, and all the same glorious feeling of killing everything in your sight.It's fun. I promise."
76561198046732318,Recommended,242680,19560957,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,The Family Pickle,"Its out. Its finally out. Finally out in a good way, not in the ""Ugh, this is taking so long..."". To be honest, I had no idea what I was doing when I first played this game, and I wasn't really that interested in it. I watched Northernlion play his daily runs and whatnot, and with every episode I watched I wanted to play the game more. So I finally actually gave the game a proper go. It was fun but I still didn't know what was going on. I continued to play Nuclear Throne more and more and with every playthrough I was learning and I was getting better. [I've only looped once]. This game is now AMAZING. Vlambeer could've released it a long time ago but they decided to keep it in Early Access. With every update I wanted to play more! Vlambeer have done MASSIVE updates for this game week after week and its made the game so GOOD. It feels so satifying to see a game grow into something this... this phenomenal! It was a bumpy ride at the begginning, but goddamn was it worth it for me to stick around with this game. When it was in Early Access it was awesome, and now its even more awesome now that its released. And even better, Vlambeer are going to continue to update Nuclear Throne, and expanding its story and the game. This game is amazing. I love, and I'm glad I gave it another chance when I first bought it. Thank you Northernlion and thank you Vlambeer for making one of the best indie games on Steam. Its been a pleasure to see it grow and develop into something great.Thank you for taking the time to read my review. It was honestly a tribute to Vlambeer in all honesty. I love Nuclear Throne and I hope everyone else does too!"
,Recommended,242680,19321274,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jiyya,"Choose your music of choice, turn it up to 11, choose your character and enter one of the most gratifying games I've ever played. Nuclear Throne is a game of weapons, mutations and dying. So much dying. While there is a way to end the game without dying you can if you choose to; play the game until you die long past any point of reason. With colourful characters like Fish, Plant and Rebel, fantastical guns such as Grenade Shotgun, Super Crossbow and Laser Minigun not to forget our adverseries, Necromancers, Salamanders and... Lil' Hunter; Nuclear Throne is a game of immense replayability and wonderful fun. Honestly I think if you enjoying shooting things and enjoy a challenge Nuclear Throne is the game for you, it's as simple as that.  I guess I should put down some kind of benchmark for the difficulty. If you found the original Binding of Isaac was a mountain to climb, Nuclear Throne is colonising Mars with a tuna sandwich and some cardboard boxes."
,Recommended,242680,21649592,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,♡,way too easy but i guess its ok to pass time
,Recommended,242680,25909376,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nascu,Radioactive Chair
,Recommended,242680,34187843,Posted: 12 August,all,Beemo,"Play as a white tortila while killing bandits,gunslinging crows,and mechanical yetis for a radioactive toiletActual review here idk :+Great game design+Pretty good soundtrack+Huge replayability-Sometimes the death is just unforgiveable idkAlso the game is capped at 30fps some may have problem with it but that's just how the game supposed to be played"
,Recommended,242680,13615996,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,FlameAbdhul,I can be the illuminati11/10
,Recommended,242680,17894646,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ravid,"One of the few early access game you can trust, and the only one i can trust.The developers update the game almost weekly, they stream the development, and they are very responsible unlike many other early access developers, they deserve this money.So now let's actually talk about the game, the game is a 2 dimentional twin shooter rogue like action game that includes some rng (random number generation, or randomness), it has a lot of variation, when it comes to weapons, characters, enemies, levels, mutations and so on...This kind of game may attract Binding of Isaac fans, Risk of Rain fans and so on.It can be hard to learn and get into the game, but once you do you won't go back, it's fun, intersting, has many features like daily runs, unlocks and so on, and upcoming features like co-op, new content and so on...currently the game is not finished but definitely playable, you have a final boss, an ending, even a way to continue after you finished the game, leaderboards so you can race with your friends on the dailys, and remember - it has a lot of replayabillity, and no end - so even if you finish a run you can start another one and it will be different and exciting!ratings:--Gameplay: 8/10Soundtrack: 7.5/10Replayabillity: 9/10Artstyle: 8.5/10Mechanics: 10/10"
76561197972380613,Recommended,242680,15315571,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Deprivator,"This is my favorite ""rogue like"" game yet, gameplay is super smooth, it has great replayability.  It is pretty hard, especially when you get to a new area and don't know what to expect yet.  You'll find yourself dying by the dumbest things when you get good mutations and think you are badass, don't get cocky, its deadly!"
,Recommended,242680,17507462,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Follow @HedarfSucks,"Really addictive, and rightfully so. This game throws you into action immediately and can just as fast throw you out of it. It's fast, it's unforgiving and it's brutally challenging. It is everything a roguelike game should be.With a devoted team of developers updates arrive weekly with new features, bugfixing and balancing. Vlambeer also hosts a weekly stream on twitch with development process as well as responding to comments and complains about the game to make sure the audience is pleased with this work in progress masterpiece.When i first purchased this game i didn't play anything else for a good week or two, not only because there is a lot of ways to play the game (characters, weapons, upgrades etc.) but also because i was driven to see just how far i could get. See when the last boss is defeated you replay the game with the same items and upgrades, only now it's balls to the wall hard. That's where the real difficulty begins.Being in early access means it just keeps getting better, so i suggest purchasing it now to witness the small changes that improve the game every week. You will hate this game, then you'll love it, then you'll die to that annoying♥♥♥♥♥enemy and you'll hate it again. But when you loop for the first time and get that sick run with thousands of kills, you'll love it forever.#VerifyVenuz"
76561198073170186,Recommended,242680,16492858,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Roboblow,"WARNING!!!IF YOU ARE ABOUT TO BUY THIS GAME READ CAREFULLY THIS REVIEW!!!IntroductionThis game is made to apeal to really small audience.Its very hard and it will probably destroy your sanity if you dont have experience with top-down shooters.(even if you played anyone of the hotline miami games,it will be very challenging).Even as an eperienced gamer in this type of games the SMALLEST MISTAKE can end a very powerful run.You can be at full HP but still die in seconds to explosions or by touching sth with a lot of contat dmg,This game also doesnt have invinsibility frames meaning that you can get hit by 10 proectiles in 0,01sec.You will probably die by every enemy 5 times until you learn their paterns.If you have weak psychology dont try this game!!!GameplayThe games is very fair when it comes to ammo and health drops.It may sometimes spawn you in a difficult position surounded by enemies but with enought practice you will be able to survive them even with the starting weapon and no Mutations.The main objective of the game is to beat th NUCLEAR THRONE and survive as long as you can after that.Its a bullethell game so remember that u need to be focused on shooting as much as on doging the projectiles,which is hard after all.After you beat the throne u will have to repeat the game from the start with MORE enemies and Secret Bosses for each area.After killing an enemy he will drop RADS with are used to level up.Leveling up lets you chose a Mutation which will help you in the game like more more HP morebigger ammo capasity etc.You can chose one of 4 randomly given to you mutations after finishing the aeria (if you leveled up)Pros and ConsPros-Great Retro graphics-Nice music and weapon sounds-Challenging and adictive (countless hours of playing)-Tons of Playable characters wth unique abilities and passives-Fair but difficult health system-Balanced weapons-A lot of improvements and updates-Requires a lot of skill (luck matters only in 5% of the games sytuation)-Lots of weapons (more than 100 for sure)-A good amount of mutations to pick from (about 20)Cons-Small audience-Still has bugs since its in eary accessOverall ReviewIts a 10/10 game for the small audience that it targets.You will not find it fun if you rage easilybecause the smallest mistake can end your run.I have 300hrs in this game in total on multiple acc andits my Favourite game.As to the ''would you reccomend it thing'' i have mixed feelings just because of the difficulity of the game,but if you really love challenging games then this one should apeal to you.Have fun!!!"
,Recommended,242680,14263965,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,rigatoni ryan,"Just like Isaac, this game is one of my favorite Roguelikes of all time. Still Early Access so that means more to come! Would reccomend to anyone into roguelike or dungeoncrawler type games. Loving it."
76561198141077666,Recommended,242680,15103874,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,PicturesqueProtein,"1. Getting bullets reflected back at you by the IDPD2. Portals exploding cars right as you are about to enter3. Giant radioactive ""dog"" things suddenly jumping and murdering you4. Necromancers reviving freaks from directly under your feet in the Labs5. Lil' Hunter and everything about him6. Giant robot human things throwing cars at you out of nowhere7. Laser crystals firing at you from some remote location off  the screen8. Getting a horrible spawn location for the Big Dog fight9. Having absolutely no ammo for the Throne10. Explosive weapons killing you because decorative objects are in the wayIf you cringed while reading this, there's a good chance that you love Nuclear Throne.If you have no idea what I'm talking about, then youreally need to try Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,242680,18535869,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gray Tiamat187,"Original review posted on October 26, 2015:This game is amazing. It is fun and simple, but it is ungodly difficult at the same time. The premise behind the game is simple. You start the game with two characters, these being Crystal and Fish. All characters have two uniquie things. Their passive and their active. Their passive is just that; an ability that will run in the background, influencing your attack patterns and the drops for players. Their active is also known as their right-click ability. Left-click is the basic attack and the default movement is WASD. Just using the two starting characters as an example, I will show how different playstyles can be from character to character.Crystal-Passive: More base health than any other character.-Active: A temporary shield that will reflect multiple bullets and protect you from others.Fish-Passive: Extra ammo recieved-Active: A dodge rollNew review after multiple updates and a very particular mod release:Ah, it's nice to be back to playing this game regularly, but now, there is an extremely different experience of which I must say I enjoy partaking in.Now, if you have looked at the tags, it likely mentioned ""Local Multiplayer"" or ""Local Co-Op,"" but that no longer matters(provided your computer isn't a toaster and your internet isn't an Explorer). There is now a mod(which has been mentioned in the latest news by Vlambeer, so you know it's good) called Nuclear Throne Together, and it does exactly what you think it does; it allows you to play online co-op(or even Vs. with some creative/idiotic friends), albeit at a few costs to the core game.If there was one thing I absolutely loved, it was unlocking all of the characters(and what few B-skins I unlocked before save-editing them in, but that's a different story). The journey felt important, but sadly NTT takes that away by automatically unlocking all characters and B-skins(I know that it does as my idiotic friend hadn't even unlocked Steroids and yet, he was able to play Rouge with her B-skin using the mod).While this certainly does detract from the appeal of the journey, the game is still far from kind and is honestly just downright vicious.Now, since I have basically informed you to get NTT as soon as you start playing the game, I should probably give you some information regarding the rest of the other characters.The first two characters unlocked, Fish and Crystal, I explained in the previous version of this review.The next character, Melting, is unlocked by dying for the first time. He literally looks like a skeleton with melting flesh.Passive-2 health, but recieves an extra Rad(NT's version of Experience) from every enemy(including enemies that don't drop Rads)Active-Explodes all corpses on screen.Next is Eyes, and he's a bit of an interesting character. Firstly, his passive only works on three levels(four, including 4-?), these three(four) being known as the Transition Levels. He's unlocked by reaching the first Transition Level, the Sewers(2-1).Passive-See in the dark(allows him to see the outside boundaries of your FoV in the transition levels)Active-Telekinesis(push bullets away, but pulls enemies and items towards you)Next up is Plant, and boy-oh-boy, do I hate Plant. Plant is unlocked by reaching 3-1(I think), and I only ever unlocked him out of neccessity.Passive-More speed(GOTTSA GO FEST!)Active-Shoot a snare(traps enemies inside of it and acts as a source of light on the Transition Levels).Ah, back to the characters I like, and next up is Yung Venuz(more commonly referred to in game as Y.V.). To unlock Y.V., try to pick up a screwdriver in the desert(1-1 to 1-3) and take it to 3-1(screwdrivers can be found almost anywhere, but it's easiest for them to drop in chests at the very beginning). At 3-1, there will be cars that will explode from too much damage, but there is one car in particular that stands out. Attack that car once with the screwdriver and press your activate button(for me, a mere keyboard user, it is E). You can thank me later.Passive-Higher fire rateActive-Pop Pop(shoot two rounds of ammo for the currently equipped weapon at the cost of a slightly delayed rate of fire)Now, reaching 5-1, we unlock Robot, an interesting(but in my opinion, kind of boring) character to play.Passive-Finds better tech(finds weapons of higher levels than what would drop on any other character)Active-Eat your weapon(consumes the weapon currently equipped as the primary to give ammo for the other weapon).Now, we arrive at 6-1, and here's where things get interesting. Steroids is up next, and he brings a whole slew of power to your arsenal.Passive-Inaccurate(this is okay) and fully automatic fire(no matter what the weapon is)Active-Attacks with the weapon equipped in the off-handYes, that's right. As the load screen will tell you time-and-time again, ""Steroids can duel-weild.""Okay, now we're getting into the spoiler zone, so read at your own risk.Next up is Rebel, a character that can only be unlocked by defeating the Nuclear Throne and ending your run by sitting on it.Passive-Restores half of damage taken when completing level(If she has 2/12(let's say remaining health is X and max health is Y) remaining health when you complete the level, you'll enter the next level with 7, as (Y-X)/2 rounded down in this case would be 5, so (Y-X)/2+X would be the overall equation for her passive.Active-Okay, this one's a bit complex, so bear with me. On her first right click when entering a level, she will lose one HP and a minion will spawn. The minion will last 20 seconds before exploding, but there is a way to extend its lifespan. By right-clicking again, another minion will spawn, and this resets the timer for the first ones life(presumably, it heals them). However, every minion spawned after the first on a single level takes up two HP rather than one(you cannot kill yourself with this ability).Okay, this next character is kind of strange. Horror is unlocked by defeating Horror, who will only spawn when you skip the Rad Canisters on two levels in a row(as such, it is easiest to unlock him on 1-3, but I have accidentally had him spawn in on 4-1 and proceed to end my run).Passive-When choosing a mutation by leveling up, he will have 5 choices(as compared to the usual 4)Active-Ability to shoot accumulated Rads in a concentrated beam as a tertiary weapon(all Rads used in this way will only be regained if they actually hit their target). Also, Rad absorption will be paused when this ability is being used, so keep that in mind).Next is Rogue, and she is definitely the hardest to unlock. First off, when fighting the Nuclear Throne, destroy all of the generators(activated with the Throne's giant laser beam) and then kill the Throne. A portal will open up which leads to the Throne II fight. Beating the Throne II will let you loop, and that's how you unlock Rogue.Passive-All Rad Canisters become ammunition for her Portal Strike, and she's chased by the IDPDActive-Portal StrikeThe last two characters in the mod, Skeleton and Frog, though playable in the original game, they are hidden. Skeleton is only playable by being killed in a Necromancer's circle, and Frog is only playable by saving the Golden Frog Pistol to a character(which is no simple task).SkeletonPassive-4 HP, slowActive-Shoot for no armor at the potential loss of healthFrogPassive-Can't stop, won't stop tryna make the booty drop. Also, he can't be effected by toxic items.Active-Stops moving and begins charging a fart, which will poison anything that enters the toxic cloudSo, yeah, that's about it.I rate this game 9/11, too many cars exploding."
,Recommended,242680,20176520,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,A Dumb Rock,"I've only put a few hours into this one, but I can already tell it will both be the game I dump a lot of time into playing as one of my go-to games and one of my ""inbetween other games"", game. Almost all the weapons have that really good ""oomph"" to them to which consists of their sound and the actual impact they have ingame, so if you're one of those people that likes your videogame weapons to sound and feel impactful, you'll be satisfied. If you like twin stick shooters (ala Geometry wars) and Rougelites/likes like FTL or Isaac I can almost guarantee you will love this game.also there are airhornsand fish can roll"
,Recommended,242680,16103987,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,uewaceds,Best rogue-like arcade style shooter out on steam at the moment. It's still in early access but is well worth the price. If you liked super crate box then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,242680,19136467,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,KROGNOL,"I first got this game back in February after seeing some streams on Twitch. Little did I know what I was getting in to.As soon as it was done downloading I launched the game and already there it had already beaten me. As my ears were bleeding from the startup screen's scream of the death of a million mutants of the wasteland. That first ""FLÄÄSHYN!"" as you launch up the game will forever haunt my dreams.After adjusting the settings accordingly I went and selected Fish in the character selection and off we were.Who would've thought maggots would become my most feared enemy in any video game. And I rolled, and I rolled, and I rolled... And yet the same sentence kept popping up in my head; ""Fish can roll.""As hours went by and I got better at the game. I discovered new and exciting enemies, weapons, bosses and of course everyone's beloved 'Vlambeer Certified SAFE SPAWN©™'. But never ones did my mind falter from my one true goal: to reach the Nuclear Throne.So many mutants have died, so many bullets have been fired and so many bizarre bugs have helped me throughout my journey.After many tries and defeats I had reached my goal. The Nuclear Throne.After a long a tedious battle I had accomplished my goal. I had reached the Nuclear Throne. I had defeated the Nuclear Throne. And as I sat my thronebutt upon that sweet radioactive chair, I knew I had conquered... The Game of Throws.e"
76561198030125770,Recommended,242680,19071773,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Oj Time Machine,"Fast, fun, beautifully designed, and brutally unforgiving. On the surface the premise is simple: shoot the things until game over. But dive a little deeper into this colorful world and the details begin to shine. The uniqueness of the characters, enemies, environments, and guns - oh the guns - everything from the satisfying splats of your wasted foes to the taunts of bosses who have crushed you for the 100th time will keep you locked in.You will die many, many deaths. You will always come back for more.YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONEYOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONEYOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONEYOU ALMOST REACHED THE NUCLEAR THRONE..."
,Recommended,242680,19082322,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Salim Sahadi il Makhmud III,"Amazing.Nuclear Throne is a rogue-like top-down action type of game, which has the player charging through randomly generated levels and fighting of hordes of bandits and various other mutated monsters.As the name suggests, Nuclear Throne takes place in a mutated world. You, the player has a choice of 12 balanced characters to try and reach the Nuclear Throne, the final boss and name of the game. In terms of gameplay, this game takes the cake. In earlier levels, things will seem boring, with safe spawns and easy victories. But progress further and you will see that things change very quickly. Later places such as the Frozen City are jam-packed with enemies, and your only hope is to keep moving.The player is also on the hunt for radiation. If you manage to collect enough, you can mutate. Each mutation has its strengths and weaknesses, and work well in specific situations, and this is what, in my opinion, gives the game an extra kick. Picking random mutations can get you killed, so choose wisely.With the many weapon choices, bosses bound to keep you on your toes and mutations that can either save you or kill you, this game can get intense. I wouldn't recommend this to people who aren't trying to game on the edge, and would rather stick to calmer titles. But for the gamers on the edge who want a fast-paced thriller, this is a much recommended game for you."
,Recommended,242680,13736736,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,smahyt,"Nuclear Throne is a neat, twin-stick-shooting rogue-like, it's super fast paced, challenging, and a ton of fun to play. I'd mostly relate the gameplay to that of a randomized Hotline Miami, but with a variety of characters and run-based upgrades. The art style is great and the sound/music design is even better.Vlambeer is a wonderful development company and seem to be handling Early Access incredibly well, they definitely deserve your time. Check out their other stuff too, specifically LUFTRAUSERS and Ridiculous Fishing, all of their games are filled with charm and relatively unique, enjoy."
,Recommended,242680,14185136,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Pirate Jones,"airhorns blasting in the backround, gunes firing, mutants exploding. whats not to love?"
,Recommended,242680,14214675,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mooseanator 3000,"If you are on the edge on buying this game because its ""Early access"" buy it. This game is hardly incomplete. It has plenty of content to keep you happy till the next weekly update.10/10 Would roll again."
76561198205826989,Recommended,242680,34674565,Posted: 1 September,all,Bobthepig7,Very good game.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,242680,34998749,Posted: 16 September,all,!POTATO!,Thats beautiful game also roguelike (i big fan of roguelikes)
76561198095345433,Recommended,242680,34985837,Posted: 15 September,all,Jye Jye,"Very fun and fast paced game. If you want to improve your reaction times with the mouse, this game is perfect."
,Recommended,242680,35054004,Posted: 18 September,all,PumpkinMan57,"Why is this game good? Could it be all the characters you can play as being unique in some way? Maybe. Is it because it is an addicting game and is a good challenge? Perhaps. Is it the fact that it is only 12 dollars? Possibly. Is the reason all of the above? HELL YEAH.Got a spare 12 dollars in your Steam Account? GET THIS GAME FOR CRYING OUT LOUD!Though the only problem is there is no online mode, but there is a mod for that from what I've heard."
76561198179862677,Recommended,242680,19197883,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,"XoArK, Minus Zero.","(Just a note:This game is way more difficult than Binding of Issac). So this game is about 12 mutants fighting through 7 well designed levels to the Nuclear Throne. I have played this game for long enough to say that you have a 100% chance of death in this. Runs aren't meant to last forever, as entering a portal increases the difficulty by 1 every time. That makes more monsters spawn.  You can have over 40 weapons of melee, bullets, energy, bolts, shells and explosives. They each can be intresting to use. When you level up, you get to choose 4 mutations. They are randomly set. I have no complaints about this game, yet it might be difficult at first."
,Recommended,242680,19251526,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,AteBallEight,"First of all, this game is very hard. I don't reccomend pcking up the game unless you are an expert at bullet hells. Feel free to try it out even if you don't like shooters, because it is a lot of fun. This game has been in early access for a little over two years, and being almost finished, Nucleaar Throne is getting better and better.What this game has:~10 unlockable characters, each with unique gameplay and abilities~Daily runs to test yur skill against other players for leaderboard highscore~Over 110 weapons to use~Looping feature for infinite gameplay~Bosses, each with a different stragety of killing youand many more features!Overall Nuclear Throne is a great game that challenges players to reach the throne over and over again, while also getting better weapons, newer strageties, and dodging skills. I have been playing this game since a year after it came out in early access, and it has a special place in my heart. Anyway, good luck, and have fun!"
76561198253869942,Recommended,242680,23125397,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,zetaz,"This game is absolutely fantastic, gorgeous sprite art,  fun game play, high replay value, challenging, great sound track, and just all around a fantastic time for those who enjoy bullet hell style gameplay.  Sometimes the map generated or the area in which you spawn can be frustrating because a level might be incredibly difficult with a bad spawn (ie no cover surrounded by enemies) and easy with a good spawn (cover, space between you and enemies.)  However with randomly generated maps this is bound to be an issue and if you get a bad spawn and die you just start over as always.  With a game like this it takes a  lot of practice and patience, I wouldn't reccomend this game if you're not prepared to put in the time to build up your skills in order to advance.  However if you are willing to put in a lot of practice then I find it very rewarding with unlockable characters, items, skins, and secret areas as you progress towards the nuclear throne.  Overall I definitely think it's worth the money and then some."
76561198088729424,Recommended,242680,9926298,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Skarekrow,"Hey, I have an idea! Let's select our favorite adorably creepy radioactive misfit and take the fight to a meddlesome group of rogues and abominations, all the while loading up on weapons and mutating to adapt to a dystopian hellscape! Sound good? Hell yeah, it does! Oldschool graphics, a soundtrack that inspires the ol' desperado frame of mind, a great variety of characters, weapons and enemies and the ability to mutate with each new level are some of the many perks of fighting your way through a post-apocalyptic wasteland, trying to get yourself a little farther than you got last time!This is one of those rare games in which you die... A LOT... and yet, it never seems to get on your nerves when you do! It just makes you want to give it one more go! I can honestly say that I've been an exhausted wreck for work on more than one occasion due to wanting one more bid for the throne! ...Whether that's a positive criticism on the game or a negative one for my own sense of priority, I'll have to get back to you on. Point being, this game is highly addictive and an adrenaline rush!Whether you're looking to spend a day at it, or just kill a few minutes before having to be somewhere, it's an all-around winner! I'd recommend this game like I'd recommend eating food on a regular basis: it just makes sense to do so, and you're ony hurting yourself to contradict! 10/10!"
,Recommended,242680,10166916,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Ghost_Train,"Everything Vlambeer develops ends up turning into gold. This game, even being early access, is my favorite Vlambeer title to date.  Think Hotline Miami meets rogue-like mutant monster infested wastelands. Awesome weapons, mutant upgrade. Gameplay is tight. I love the way the game camera moves. If you don't hold up well with camera shake they give you the option to adjust it under settings. Should also mention the soundtrack is kickass and fits perfect with the game's universe.  Looking back at their history of releases this should be no suprise. Lots of replay value. Good luck surviving long enough to getting to the Nuclear Throne.Highly recommended."
76561198183374831,Recommended,242680,34050546,Posted: 5 August,all,Leo,"Pros:Incredibly satisfying gameplayDodging a million bullets is funFinally beating that boss that you just couldnt beat makes all those deaths worth it in the end.Neutral:The game is really really difficult.Cons:30 FPS lock. I completely despise FPS locks and having any fps lock at 60 or below usually completely ruins the game for me, but this game seems to be the exception. Although the 30 FPS lock is definitely noticeable, it wasn't that big of a deal, much to my surprise. Take it as you will.Conclusion:I personally like this game and can definitely see the appeal but I can see how people would not like this game at all. Only buy if you enjoy difficult games."
,Recommended,242680,21623223,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,NEO,wow
,Recommended,242680,17561110,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,MSPAINT THINNER,the only way to make this game harder is to replace every mob with assassins and implement a feature where a robotic arm is used to punch you straight in the nads everytime you die10/10
,Recommended,242680,19172593,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,spineduke,"Nuclear Throne is a top down rogue-like shooter set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland featuring animal mutants as the stars of the show. There is some backstory to be had there, but it's out of the way once the game starts up. And boy, is there a game to be had.Staple to Vlambeer's output, the game features hugely satisfying combat - with shots giving out appropriate amounts of screen shake, freeze frames and audio feedback upon pulling the trigger. You'll learn to love the impact of the shotguns and the sniper like efficiency of the crossbow. The weapons have been given loving amounts of attention, between tweaking, balancing and playtesting there is bound to be something for everyone.The levels themselves are randomly generated, akin to the way Spelunky or other games of that ilk work. You'll have to navigate through several themed worlds, amassing rads (experience) and weapons along the way. The experience unlocks perks - gameplay perks you'll have to decide upon, the majority of which can greatly shape your playstyle and tactics. Defensive and offensive options abound for the players who like to play safe or for those who need more risk and reward. You'll find yourself on one hand (or two if you're playing Steroids) wielding increasingly massive amounts of firepower, while coping with the snowballing odds. Bands of enemies become hordes, and you'll find yourself in pure glee as you lay waste to everything before your eyes. Nothing can stand between you and victory, noth...oh wait. Death again.The game is hard, and you'll initially find yourself inching to survive. You'll have to observe individual enemy behaviors, learn to understand the baiting nature of the game, and capitalize on every bit of terrain on the battlefield. With enough time you'll find yourself at the Nuclear Throne...only to loop the game and turn up the difficulty to 11.The game features, single and local co-op action (still WIP), with dailies to add something to come back to everyday. I await the final release with (fish) baited breath."
,Recommended,242680,19515344,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Spookas,The Struggle is Over...The Game is officially out now which means there is no reason not to buy it seeing as you won't be worrying about it never really releasing.Pros:FunWell BalancedInfinitely playableTons of weapons (120+)Unlockable CharactersSecret CharactersCons:Lil' HunterElite Shielders
76561198056095158,Recommended,242680,28736596,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Smug Chump,"This game provides screwdrivers, with a twist"
,Recommended,242680,7904489,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,kdanielku,"Nuclear Throne in a nutshell: ""you can play as a katana-wielding rambo chicken mutant who can slow down time!""..now why would you not want this?I've never been that addicted to a game since super mario or zelda on NES back in the days. the pixel art is gorgeous, the colors are bright, the character design and their special abilities are genius, and they keep adding stuff like new sound effects, characters, levels and weapons every week. this is in early access but it already kicks♥♥♥♥♥ not a single playthrough will be the same, since the levels are randomly generated. there's a mutant for every playstyle from easy to hard. you will probably suck at the beginning, but you will learn to get better by trial and error. the only thing this game misses right now are more modes for more variety.just BUY IT already.. played 70 hours so far, it's awesome."
,Recommended,242680,14991629,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,quigi,fish can roll
,Recommended,242680,19159169,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Frog,Fish can roll
,Recommended,242680,12784608,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,(ﾉʘ‿ʘ)ﾉ Africa (✿╹◡╹),"In this game you go places and accomplish things, unlike real life where you go nowhere and accomplish nothing so in conclusion never try to do anything ever."
76561198090130802,Recommended,242680,29975063,Posted: 16 February,all,Rapta Masta,"One day I stopped being so stingy and bought this game.What a good decision. This is the only game I have played pretty dang consistantly for over a year, rising to one of my most played games of all time. For twelve dollars, making it the cheapest game I've put over 15 hours into. If you like the genres, just buy it dude. It's twelve dollars. Seriously. It's my favorite game. Good game. Best game.Make sure to get good."
,Recommended,242680,20684307,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Petery Boy,Just play it already. Don't wait for a sale. Don't even stop to take a sip of water before buying this game.Just play it.and play it.and play it.Remember to take a break every fifteen minutes!and play it.and play it.and play it.
,Recommended,242680,14456806,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,samiam699,Play as Y.V. Press B.Trust Me.
,Recommended,242680,12761509,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Änö,"""99% of the 946 user reviews for this game are positive."" - Yes please."
,Recommended,242680,31166179,Posted: 15 April,all,young nut fan aacount,sterrrr
,Recommended,242680,17841253,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Gigilo,"This game is simply amazing. The soundtrack never gets repetitive, the enemies always hard to kill, and the game, always just as fun. 10/10."
,Recommended,242680,12178203,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,SwitNiceNiceNiceNice,"buy it, cri and die, but still buy it"
,Recommended,242680,18426663,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,SickBehemoth,"A fun and addictive rouge-like which is challenging, but definitely fair. Moreover props to the Devs for updating the game every week!"
76561198111174016,Recommended,242680,18690130,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Bubbo,Play it so I can butt-smash your daily run.
,Recommended,242680,20803824,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Tentacle Monster,"You know, i had easier time completing Hotline Miami 2. On hard. On A+/S. On Vita.This games is like AM.It hates humanity.It hates Y O U.NT/10 will loop again."
,Recommended,242680,17834405,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,★ Twinkle ★,"I don't need no friends, I don't need no phone,Just a bag of severed heads and my Nuclear Throne"
,Recommended,242680,13163808,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kappa Electman,Hands down.GOTY.
76561198111285062,Recommended,242680,17289245,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Jeremy Tucker,Lil' Huter is a hacker
76561198071345685,Recommended,242680,21692377,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,yralda,*Play the game*Think you're good because you made it past 1-1 without taking damage*Die because- A car was thrown at you- A rat ran into you- A lead pipe entered your face- A missle blew you up- A charmander used flamethrower- A frog wanted to fart- A ton of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s- A ton of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ alligators- A bandit shoots you without trying- A dog wanted to give you a hug- A robotic yeti wanted to give you a hug- A Mimic- A slightly bigger ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of papa smurf with an assault rifle; also known as little ♥♥♥♥♥- A cluster ♥♥♥♥- A misinput- A ton of Space Police brutality- A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t version of StarFox's reflector- A chair (That is slightly bigger than an ordinary chair )- A demonic Chair (That is slightly bigger than a chair )- A mom- A ton of death lasers- A barfing radioactive dog- A large mass of abominations- A bullet................ a plethora of bullets- A van................ a plethora of vans- And a hell lot more*Close the game*Turn it back on 7 seconds later because you can't let the game beat you*repeat (forever)
76561198109953878,Recommended,242680,20840583,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,plutoreos,pretty good probaly worth it unless your broke and you need that money to feed yourself
,Recommended,242680,15317435,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,UFO catcher,"Incredibly fun and addictive roguelike-like with a great selection of weapons and upgrades. Every character has their own unique trait which comes in handy for different kinds and levels of players, as well as makes for a creative ground to come up with various strategies. Controls are smooth and responsive (Y.V.s airhorn is a neat bonus). The graphics look great, lovely character design, colors feel well thought out, and the music is super nice and draws me right in. I wouldn't mind buying the soundtrack for listening to while I work! I couldn't recommend this game more. If you like this genre, you'll love Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,242680,17001124,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Majorstupidity11,"At first glance, the game may look simplistic, possibly even not worth the buy.  But in my opinion, every fan of rouglikes such as FTL, RoR or BoI should have this game in their library.  My playtime can not even reflect the amount of devotion I have poured into this game, but the game gives back.  The sense of achivement, the sense of skill you feel once you beat a certain boss for the first time, or you finally learn how to play a certain character...  it's an amazing feeling.  And what delivers that feeling?  Nuclear Throne.  This is one of my favorite games of all time, and it always will be.  Again, I highly suggest you buy this game.Thank you for this soul-consuming masterpiece, Vlambeer.  -10/10"
,Recommended,242680,25770184,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Not That Raven,An amazing game. One of those games where you pick up your desk and throw it out the nearby window for dying to a maggot.
76561197979304395,Recommended,242680,12130719,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Philippe,"There is thatthingyou get in a few games, that visceral feedback, that sense of truly having an impact on things around you. First time I can remember that feeling was in Dark Messiah, after kicking my first orc. Very few games really get that. Vlambeer, whatever their secret sauce is, GETS it.Now add the short time it takes to play a game, the multiple characters (even though I only ever play a few), the vast arsenal (far better than Borderlands : each weapon actually changes the way you play the game) and you've got something that would have been the bane of many a family back in the arcade days. The graphics are mostlymeh, although imbued with a certain charm, without a doubt.It's also got that proper ""what if I try _that_ combo of powers/weapons"" that good roguelike have. But on acid. That ""let me just try one more time"" addiction that will turn a minutes long game into dozens of hours of gameplay...Just look at my record! And I haven't even beaten the game, yet!And I don't mind, I'm having too much fun anyway!Now, let me just get one more game..."
76561198054059646,Recommended,242680,16952266,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Kirito lord of noobs,"I bought this game a while ago and was very skeptical of throwing money at a unfinished game that looked promising but I like many of us have been burned before at the hype, smoke and mirrors style of game advertisers (the magician that takes your money and shows no magic).I went in skeptical and finished a true believer, this game PC MASTER RACE ( < elitist group think), this game is the absolute bombastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥ balls to the walls style chaotic shooting role playing experience. now I've hyped it I'll tell you the goods and badsUPDATE!!!!!!!!!the awesome.- The weaponage.so much thought and effort went into the weapon system, the developers obviously did their homework and listened to community feedback. There is a Tier weapon system that RNGs your loot, early on regular weapons of 5 different types of ammo will do. Later as the challenge builds you will find better weapons (some skills will boost specific weapons or help build a character e.g around a super auto crosbow) to spray the next battlefield and dodge like a ninja. Once you learn the secrets you can get hyper weapons which as robot means sweet nutrition and a skin. I got two portals to open giving me better gun tech on top of my passive ability, dodged the throne enough and obliterated it with my incredible power, skills and weaponage. all of which felt like a great triumph. yet theres so much more to learn.- Variational gameplay.meaning it's rng. different evertime but sweetly similar, the replayability jumps again at the number of different characters with different styles... I miss the chicken freeze time ability. but consitently you will get better weapons as the game gets harder. none of that binding of issac lame power ups as the game gets harder.- THE DIFFICULTY.It's hard, unforgiving like your parents when they caught you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ an apple pie, but that's a good thing because you learn from your mistakes and get better at♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the pie. which makes the expierence all the more rewarding. If you get caught with your pants down it is mainly your own fault-The Graphics.that perfect mix of low fi cartoon style but defined well that you can see all the detailed pixel art. there are points that the chaos is too much but that's hardly bad. they got rid of that crappy screen shake problem, and it all flows smoothly, like a waterfall of caramelly chocolate goodness and rainbows wrapped in ♥♥♥♥♥♥s straight into your eyeballs.- The charaters and Power upseach character has a unique special ability, all the characters are fun to play and add layers to a already big onion. there's a secret throne room that offers different crowns of game changing awesomeness. after you level you get a moment in the spining vortew to pick a perk that enhances your characters traits. there will always be atleast 2 good power ups for the type of character your building and it's fun to grow stronger as the game does. the difficulty is still tough but unless you can't handle the heat, the food your cookings tasty.- IT IS FUNalot of games miss that crucial component. it is fun, I've played alot of this game and it's still fun and I still haven't finished it cause that boss with the jetpack and crazy gun kills me so fast. one moment I'm a mutated fish rolling on the ground the next I'm a mutated fish NOT rolling on the ground. such a powerful image even a child could understand it.fun, so much fun it's the very definition of fun gameplayTHE♥♥♥♥♥♥- some small bugs, like the game wont start for me for some updates. but then it does. this is a minor issue and won't matter when they finish it. its still getting better and better. i hope it becomes the masterpiece it could potentially be- the tipsduring loading screens they give you tips, while some like ""don't die"" or ""don't be afraid"" are funny and even motivating to push yourself further. at some point there should be a deeper guide that you dont have to buy or search for seperately- the chickenneeds a better power up(it's much better now, still not my favourite but a cool character. Throwing your weapons to save ammo or in desperation is excellent and another example of the devs taking note)in summary buy this game because it's awesome and a great investment in time killing. even now with the early access it's worth twice the asking price.UPDATE!I FINISHED THIS MONSTOSITYconclusionis 40% learning from mistakes through masochistic dying. 10 % accuracey, concentration and dodging 10% concentrated power of will. 40% luck and funno replayability cause it was some guerilla warfare pain.UPDATE 2.0This is almost everything i wanted and i had high hopes. would like more secrets or DLC but well worth supporting it. I've played hundreds of hours and enjoyed every single one damn nearly. well done to the team that made this, well darn done."
76561198170103061,Recommended,242680,15933217,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,LordButtFart,"This game gets me so pisses me off so much, but its addicting and well made. Nuclear Throne is a game that is not afraid to be extremely punishing."
76561198040323960,Recommended,242680,11282450,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Wubs4Scrubs,Can play as a naked muscle bound man who can dual wield shotguns and blow rats to shreds4/20 would buy again
76561198178941965,Recommended,242680,31666545,Posted: 10 May,all,Stivy,Good balancing. It is fun and challenging it was a good buy imo.
,Recommended,242680,21441345,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Godfish,"If you enjoy this type of game, there is no reason not to buy it. If you don't, it's a waste of $12. You're better off buying 3 or 4 coffees. They'd have the same effect on you."
,Recommended,242680,14605906,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Snauss,"I've destroyed bandit clans across the WasteslandsConquered the Sewers from rat and gatorDominated the Scrapyards with an iron fistBraved the Crystal CavesBrought heat into the Frozen CityOutmatched Lil Hunter in wits, skill, and firepowerSurvived the Labs and its hordes of abominationsDiscovered and razed the Palace within secondsMastered the weaponaryBecame one with the radiationAnd stood victorious among wreckage that once was the Nuclear ThroneOnly to be bludgeoned to death by a purple ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a stick10/10In all honesty, this game is just marvelous. Vicious, gritty, filled to brim with character and challenge and death. Some people may play games as a sort of therapy, but most will need it after wittnessing this masterpiece. Guns upon guns upon guns (with melee weapons), a good selection of classes from a roided-out scientist that can duel wield to a cute little robot that can eat guns for health and ammo. You will rage, you will cry, and you'll come back playing, because when you play Nuclear Throne, you live it. You aren't a person controlling the mutant, you are the mutant. You gain the urges, the lust, and the will to traverse outward on your bloody pilgrimage. To make things right, many must fall, including you, but take heart, and the stars will aline in your favor. Every night by the campfire, every gun you pick up, every foe that drops in your wake is one step closer to reaching...the Nuclear Throne.Let's do this.Edit: It is finally complete and I'm still coming back after a year of playing. I'm suprised to see that fish can still roll."
,Recommended,242680,34595593,Posted: 29 August,all,chrisblammo123,funne
,Recommended,242680,25936298,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Eyes McGuy,"Never before have I had such a strong desire to finish a game with such a massive difficulty curve, especially not multiple times over in a single run."
76561198070031764,Recommended,242680,15831517,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Snoobicus,It's like my singing monsters but in a post apocalyptic wasteland
,Recommended,242680,35002975,Posted: 16 September,all,sppoopeb,i like this game but i have never beaten it because its too hard but maybe if your good at games you can beat iti like the funny illuminati airhorn man with the fast blam blam boom boom skeet skeet bang bang gold  gun he is coolok bye
76561198072060351,Not Recommended,242680,11337505,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Hex Decimus,"Before you drop your money on this game you need to be aware of something very, very important about Nuclear Throne: this is probably one of the most difficult and frustrating games you've ever encountered.I'm not giving this a thumbs-down because the game is terrible, it's a good game.  The graphics are lovely, the music is 10 out of 10, and it is enjoyable to play.  My thumbs-down is not me panning the game, I'm taking the ""Do you recommend this game?"" question literally and writing my review as a warning.  There comes a point when games are so excessively difficult that people need to be notified going in.  There's a very high chance that most people should avoid this game, because this game is designed to appeal to an extremely small audience: the highest tier of elite, hardcore, massively-skilled gamers.If you want an idea of what you're getting into, imagine one of the hardest games you've ever played, and then imagine if that game sent you back to the very beginning after the slightest mistake.  A bird in Ninja Gaiden knocks you into a pit? Back to level one.  Get hit by a single stray bullet in Contra?  Back to the title screen.  This game is about as difficult as trying to beat Mega Man without getting hit once.I was aware that this game was difficult when I bought it, because I love nightmarishly difficult shooters and roguelikes, and this game still was able to alienate me.  You can have a competitive, positive attitude about challenging games, and Nuclear Throne will still transform you into a ragequitter.There is no forgiveness, and there is no room for mistakes.  Nuclear Throne demands absolute perfection of you.  And this game doesn't play fair.Your health bar is pretty much irrelevant, because there are no invincibility frames upon getting hit.  You can have tons of HP upgrades, and a small cluster of bullets will destroy you inside of a split second.  There will always be something far off screen shooting extremely high speed projectiles at you, and your view is very zoomed in.  The screen is always violently shaking, and the game actually mocks you if you turn the screen shake ""feature"" off, as though your desire to make the game less of a jittery mess is somehow your fault.  Most enemies explode when you kill them. Sometimes it doesn't damage you and sometimes it... does?  Sometimes you'll die being sucked into the exit portal because it spawned next to an explosive object.  Sometimes the game will randomly generate a level where you are surrounded on all sides by enemies with no cover, and you're dead seconds after the level loads.You will be saying ""what the hell even HIT me?"" constantly while playing this game.  Even the best played runs will end because of the tiniest mistake.I'm certain that the sense of accomplishment upon beating this game is absolute euphoria.  And I'm very certain that there are gamers with superhuman reflexes that this game is like catnip to.  I will say that if you can beat this game, you are truly a phenomenal gamer.  I wouldn't laugh at you if you printed out a screenshot of you beating it and hung it on your wall; you've earned it.  If you are one of those people that is looking for the ultimatest of ultimate challenges, then this game is going to deliver in spades.But for the rest of us mortals, I recommend saving your money and your sanity."
,Recommended,242680,8735114,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,neema_t,"Nuclear Throne feels complete to me, like, when I play it I don't find myself thinking 'wow that's shoddy' or 'they need to finish this bit' or anything, so the frequent updates that keep improving all aspects of the game are kind of eye-opening. Of all the Early Access games I've played, this is by far the best. Vlambeer know how to keep their games simple yet deeper than they seem at first glance and, more importantly, always fun."
,Recommended,242680,26139455,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,HeyDude! FeelGood!,Hotline Miami's procedurally generated brother.
,Recommended,242680,31235352,Posted: 19 April,all,megasphere,yung penuz
76561198069113247,Recommended,242680,30444617,Posted: 11 March,all,Armesi,I hate this game so much 10/10
,Recommended,242680,13207304,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,kawaiiChiimera,"An amazing game. The endless fast paced action and large amount of weapons keeps the gameplay fresh, with the ""mutations"" allowing you to change up your playstyle along with the large amount of different characters, each with its own unique abilities.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,14183648,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Treble Clock,"Excellent, Has the same feel as super crate box honestly, Quick and wild little game"
76561198072728030,Recommended,242680,14186822,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Joe Mama,This game is hard as ♥♥♥♥ but yet even after losing so many times I still play it. 9/10 is gud gam.
,Recommended,242680,23217964,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Wessi,"Nuclear throneThis is such a fun game and fast game, if you like fast dungeon crawlers, i recommend it to you :)"
,Recommended,242680,11697628,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,RowdyMouse,-Sometimes this makes me wanna punch kittens in the face.
,Recommended,242680,7788377,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ArcticZeroo,"TL;DR: BUY THIS GAME.I really love this game!It's a fast paced roguelike shooter in which the goal is to get to the 'Nuclear Throne' by advancing through different randomly generated levels. I've only got about 2.3 hours into the game but I play it every day and I love it!All of the classes are nicely balancedI love the fact that you can watch Vlambeer's livestreams every Tuesday and Thursday where they add new contentI really like how the game itself is set up!I bought the predecessor 'Wasteland Kings' in the Mojam 2 Humble bundle, and found out about the improved version at the Indie Developer booth at Minecon :)I reccomend this game to anyone who has some money to spend on an awesome game!EDIT: It's been 6 months since I purchased the game and I do not regret it. There was a large gap of time in which I didn't play the game, but a couple of updates put me back into it. I've gotten around 11 hours into this game in 6 months, which isn't really that much because of the length of time that I have owned this game. Even though I'm absolutely horrible at this game and cannot get past Big Dog (the second boss) I still love it to death and won't stop playing it until the development stops on it. The devs really make this game awesome, doing livestreams for players to know that their hard-earned money has not gone to waste, sometimes going onto the livestreams of their community, actually responding to questions on the steam community hub, and doing constant updates. All of this stuff makes me want to play the game, be it because of the new content or just that I'm supporting awesome devs.EDIT 2: It's been more than a year and a half since I purchased the game. I only have 60 hours in it and suck but it's one of my favorite games. The devs are awesome and the game is great, it's worth your money. I definitely recommend it.EDIT 3: It's been more than two years since I have purchased this game, it has now been fully released. This game is definitely STILL WORTH IT, and I've enjoyed every minute of my playtime, even if most of my deaths were due to BS like Golden Snow Tanks. Verdict: BUY IT."
,Recommended,242680,12471523,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,[BMS] DR!P,"Wait 6 months to purchase Nuclear Throne over Summer Sale.Read @Vlambeer announcement: ""We need people that care about Nuclear Throne, not about sales, or having the game in a library.""Full respect earned.Purchase game at full price over Summer Sale.Soundtrack rocks.Gameplay amazing.Beautiful Visuals.Blink.80+ hours later."
76561198049391686,Recommended,242680,14627458,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Alexander A.D. Moon™,90% of my deaths have been directed by Micheal Bay.
,Recommended,242680,21323570,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,❤ catty ❤,>Start new run>Get grenade launcher>Get really far into the game>Accidentally shoot flower in 5-1>Kill yourself in the explosion>Ragequit>15 minutes later you open the game again>same♥♥♥♥♥♥happens EVERY TIMETHIS GAME IS SO EVIL BUT ADDICTINGITS LIKE SUCCUBUSREMEMBER WHAT I'M SAYIN TO YOUWHEN YOU START YOU CAN'T STOPH E L P M E10/10
76561198019733506,Recommended,242680,19559655,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Nerdgasm,"This game has the most ridiculously awesome weapons I have ever seen. You start off with the standard variety of pistols, rifles and shotguns etc. and the developers did a great job of recreating the archetypal behaviour and feel of these familiar guns. The starting weapons do feel a bit underwhelming however, but with enough practice and perserverance, you begin to move deeper into the game, where you are presented with some hilariously over the top futuristic weapons that are very fun and original. For example, the super plasma cannon... Imagine the BFG from Doom, only this time the giant ball of plasma steamrolls over all the enemies, before blowing a huge chunk out of the wall, then splits into several smaller pieces, which fly in all directions and blow additional chucks out of the walls before finally exploding... I won't spoil anymore because one of the most satifying aspects of this game is simply discovering new weapons and trying them out for the first time.The combat manages to hit that same nerve as old school Nintendo games like Contra or Mega Man, but adds a variety of usable characters, which enable you to develop your own playstyle. There are several different characters to choose from, all with unique abilities, and interesting personalities. At the time of writing, I had put about 60 hours of practice into just one of them, before I finally felt like I had mastered it (literally a fish out of water that smokes cigarettes, plays guitar and dodges bullets by floundering around). My new favourite is a guy who's head is covered in eyes, is telekinetic, but is unable to speak because he doesn't have a mouth, so instead he just mumbles incoherently. He attracts enemies but repels bullets, which is highly effective, and completely changed my approach to the game.Make no mistake, this game is extremely difficult, but the learning curve is just right and rewards the player through a process of trial and error. Got shot by laser beams? Ok, I'll move out of the line of sight next time. Died to a self-destructing robot? Alright, I'll make sure to stand back when I finish those guys off. Before you know it, you're a pro, and previously difficult sections start to feel routine. That is, until you reach the final boss for the first time and the anxiety gives you a heart attack from the overload of adrenaline...I haven't had this much fun with a video game for a long time. It makes the rest of my library look sad, and lonely by comparison. If I could choose just one game to have with me on a deserted island, this would be it. Nuclear Throne is an instant classic, and to overlook this title would be doing yourself a disservice.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,19548541,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Demodulated,"Great arcade style game. Bloody hard. Excellent controls, graphics, and music. Perfectly polished, just like every Vlambeer game."
,Recommended,242680,7889388,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Zakki Arachnopolis,"Holy hell, justwhatBUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW"
,Recommended,242680,15272302,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Segletgon,"I LOVE rouge-like games, and nuclear throne gets the formula down perfectly. This is one of the very select few games that are actually worth the money early access. Most games in early access should probably be a full game before being sold, but it is a GIFT that Nuclear Throne is early access. It has a great community, easy to understand gameplay, and developers with good heads on their shoulders. If you like games such as The Binding of Isaac, this is DEFINITELY a game for you."
,Recommended,242680,22772153,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Who's name is really jeff?,"i hate this game.that's why i am going to keep this game and send the devs a letter filled with hate and money because i love them.i hate the devs, and i love this game.i hate this game, thanks for making this game."
,Recommended,242680,26833439,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SgtEmissary the Memerade,"Endless replay value with a interesting cast of characters, array of items and weaponry and one kickass soundtrack and setting itself to boot make this one hell of a value."
,Recommended,242680,25763348,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,NEW BATTERY FINALLY,♥♥♥♥. Cars.Also yv is best
,Recommended,242680,10389946,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ganil Ganilder,AIRHORN.WAVGuns that wear vestsGuns that hate TexasGuns with 6 sensesGuns that straight festiveGuns that sign breastsesGuns that make breakfastGuns that send textsesGuns for fake necklace#Verifyvenuz
,Recommended,242680,12222901,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,_advocate_,"Not bad so far. Some things are definitely going to need to be worked on. But I enjoy the challenge in this game. Trust me. It's hard. Fun... but hard. That's what she said. Anyway, I think once this game is finished and they make the controller system better it will be great."
76561198083087293,Recommended,242680,14217882,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,gordon freeman's brother,geometry war for casuals 9/10
76561198059520205,Recommended,242680,26929287,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Irishbulletz,"The GoodTwelve characters to choose from, each with their own passive and active ability, loads of guns too.Each run is different, maps are generated randomly and you are offered a random set of mutations to choose from every time you level up.Great Soundtrack.Daily and weekly runs with leaderboards.Endless, go as far as you can without dying.Fast paced.The BadLocked to 30fps, such a shame.Slightly buggy, community has been waiting on a fix for almost a year now.Boss intro splash art can cause crashes, thankfully this option can be turned off.Fantastic bullet hell with a high skill ceiling, not for the impatient.Also has an unofficial multiplayer mod available."
,Recommended,242680,17816721,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Flatflyer,I stabbed a giant bandit to death with a screwdriver.10/10 best game.
,Recommended,242680,14230818,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Morty,*gets perfect setup**has rhino skin and other health buffs**has triple machine gun with full amo**finds double flame shotgun**accidentally shoots car**ded*10/10
76561198057850025,Recommended,242680,10517047,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Azranta,"This is great! An action-packed, hectic and fun-as-heck top-down shooter which is very addictive. It has a variety of characters for a variety of playstyles and a mass array of weaponry. This game is pretty difficult, definately not for the light hearted! Also, if you've not got a decent PC, don't worry! I have a pretty lame laptop, and it runs just fine on that!Another thing; it has local co-op and partial controller support! One minor complaint though, I would not reccomend using a controller, feels kinda stiff. Maybe that's just me, but anyway...This a brilliant game, seriously recommend it to all!"
,Recommended,242680,17242667,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ubboa,i bought this game for bill cipher and stayed for the wicked soundtrack tbh
,Recommended,242680,12287219,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,WarIsHats,You can play as an oozing blob of flesh with a metal mask that can explode dead enemies to make more dead enemies that can be exploded again.11/10
,Recommended,242680,17610179,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Fragioli [Olive Garden],"Fast, chaotic, difficult, and absolutely addictive roguelike. It’s like Hotline Miami’s gameplay combined with Spelunky’s sensibilities. Don't be put off by the ""early access"" label, Nuclear Throne is already a very polished game. It’s full of interesting characters, upgrades, weapons, areas, and secrets. The controls are perfectly tight. The soundtrack is brilliant all the way through. The devs are enthusiastic about their work and it shows in terms of the game's level of detail, weekly updates, and their engagement with the community.It's not even complete and it's already one of my favorite games ever. There's no reason to wait, this is a must-buy for anyone who enjoys good fast-paced action."
,Recommended,242680,12124252,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Lousywater,"This game is outrageously addictive. Elements from the Binding of Isaac, Hotline Miami and Borderlands combine to make an extremely challenging but fun game that you will play for hours on end trying to get past the next area. Good variety of different characters, weapons, mutations and enemies keep this bullet-hell roguelite new and refreshing every time. Loads of content for an early access game and more polish than most full releases. Would recommend more than any other game i've been playing recently."
,Recommended,242680,10030818,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Gentle,"EDIT: The game is released, yay!Still as incredibly fun and replayable as before, AND, with new ""Weekly"" challenges that are basically custom made seeds that are allways crazy and fun. I took about a year break from this game and yet I picked it right back up as though I hadn't skipped a day. Still insanely entertaining, loveable characters... One of my favorite bullethell games of all time.[I recommend using a mouse + keyboard to play, as controllers are not optimized fully for this game yet and will be very hard to play. This also means that if you want to pick up the game on Console, that I recommend you wait to see how the controller-functionality progresses before you buy it.]"
76561198138538942,Recommended,242680,12769841,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Vampire | Shinobu,just an adorable top-down shooter hardcore. damn its so fun although i suck at it :D
,Recommended,242680,15882202,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,SaxOnTheBeach,very nice
76561198086673973,Recommended,242680,16904595,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,MeerkatZ [强],I did no reach the nuclear throne BUTit's absolutely one of my favourite.What you can expect:-exciting gameplay-rich content-finely-crafted details-impressive&unique weapon feels-fantastic pixel art-really-fantastic pixel art-frequent updates (almost weekly)-daily run!How to enjoy Nuclear Throne:-good understanding of weapons-make good use of the map-wisdom to decide when to be patient / RECKLESS!!!!! (Reckless attack does often make a miracle!)-try crowns and characters-die-RETRY!Conclusion:-buy it
,Recommended,242680,18257868,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Papa Slothy,literally the most fun I have ever had.11/10Y.V. is gun god
76561198119528077,Recommended,242680,18684312,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,judge1065,This game has a deep learning curve but it is increadbly satisfying when you unlock a new person or reach a new level. It is harder then it looks but you get use to it soon and the constent updates are very good allways improving somthing and changing somthing for the better. I deinitely recomend Nuclear Throne.
76561198149739662,Recommended,242680,18425051,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kabeque,"Nuclear Throne is a great rogue like game that when you start playing the next time you check the time 30 minutes would have gone past.If you really want a time consuming play when your bored game, I Recomend This One"
76561198136998691,Recommended,242680,19513306,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,a thing,yea its kool
,Recommended,242680,21675858,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,garlan,"This is the story of the Nuclear Throne:Now, this is a story all about howMy life got flipped-turned upside downAnd I'd like to take a minuteJust sit right thereI'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bel AirIn west Philadelphia born and raisedOn the playground was where I spent most of my daysChillin' out maxin' relaxin' all coolAnd all shootin some b-ball outside of the schoolWhen a couple of guys who were up to no goodStarted making trouble in my neighborhoodI got in one little fight and my mom got scaredShe said 'You're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bel Air'I begged and pleaded with her day after dayBut she packed my suit case and sent me on my wayShe gave me a kiss and then she gave me my ticket.I put my Walkman on and said, 'I might as well kick it'.First class, yo this is badDrinking orange juice out of a champagne glass.Is this what the people of Bel-Air living like?Hmmmmm this might be alright.But wait I hear they're prissy, bourgeois, all thatIs this the type of place that they just send this cool cat?I don't think soI'll see when I get thereI hope they're prepared for the prince of Bel-AirWell, the plane landed and when I came outThere was a dude who looked like a cop standing there with my name outI ain't trying to get arrested yetI just got hereI sprang with the quickness like lightning, disappearedI whistled for a cab and when it came nearThe license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirrorIf anything I could say that this cab was rareBut I thought 'Nah, forget it' - 'Yo, holmes to Bel Air'I pulled up to the house about 7 or 8And I yelled to the cabbie 'Yo holmes smell ya later'I looked at my kingdomI was finally thereTo sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel Air"
76561198214286703,Recommended,242680,20306521,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,True Hero,This game is really really fun but it is also pretty hard xD so if you like a good rogue like game and are good at them then this is your type of game.
76561198096434749,Recommended,242680,21091324,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,turkey_of_spades,"shoot the men, the men shoot youspc simulator/10 would buy agen"
,Recommended,242680,21542346,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,K I N G P I N,Pros:-EverythingCons:-Little Hunter0/10 would recommend
,Recommended,242680,21933947,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,trevis,yes :)
,Recommended,242680,29287140,Posted: 15 January,all,Late,"Honestly one of my favorite games of all time, extremely well put together, and the gameplay is amazing. I give it a 420/10. But seriously, Buy the game and sink your life into it. It's worth it."
,Recommended,242680,25342014,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LonelyTimelord,"The goal is to reach the end right? If that's what you've finally done, and you're proud of yourself, then you have failed. Reaching the ""end"" is not the goal. You literally just go as far as you can until you die! And if you're lucky, you might even discover a lil' bit of a secret...I highly recommend this game. It's one of, if notthe, best rougelike I've ever played! It's an achievement for Vlambeer, it really is."
,Recommended,242680,16869480,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Zomberry,this is a great game has super good charecter disign good enemy difeculty. the only thing i think it should add is if you beat the nuclear throne you should get the alt costume for the chericter you beat it with
,Recommended,242680,18851605,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,moderately mediocre shitposter,"Nuke Launcher, Double Flame Shotgun, Grenade Shotgun, Lightning Shotgun, Laser Minigun.This game is starting to sound pretty promising, Isn't it?"
,Recommended,242680,8506710,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Fatal Framerate,"♥♥♥♥in' awesome, can't wait to see what else they do with it. Feels like Binding of Isaac meets Hotline Miami...or Super Smash TV.Update 7/25/2014They've been putting a lot of work into this for an Early Access game, and it's coming along very nicely."
76561198039024266,Recommended,242680,13958325,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Gary the Janitor,This may be one of the very few Early-Access games actually worth purchasing.If you like Difficulty: Buy this gameIf you like Bullet Hells: Buy this gameIf you like to be a huge guy named Steroids with rapid-fire revolvers in both hands: Buy this gameOverall just buy this game when you get the money. 100% worth it.10/10 would kill exploding rats again.
,Recommended,242680,11242628,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Spon🅱e Gri🅱s,smome wead erryday
,Recommended,242680,18331609,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,InputUsername,"Unforgiving, ultra hard and a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of fun -- like all Vlambeer games.I remember playing Wasteland Kings (the early alpha/jam version); this game is ten times better.Love it."
,Recommended,242680,15349811,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Cheshire Cat,"Gets all the good guns and all the best mutations, doges all the bullets, gets killed by car to the face.10/10 would airhorn again."
76561198071023162,Recommended,242680,14234642,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,-j1m1-h3ndrX-,"Traversed the wastelands as a rolling fish who used to be a cop. Killed alligators with shotguns and bandits in santa costumes using my wrench and disc gun. Grew extra feet, stomachs and brains just for the fun of it. Flailing was finally stopped by 3 headed, spinning, missile-shooting dog in a scrapyard full of crows/ravens with machine guns, robot snipers and flamethrower salamanders. All while listening to a sweet soundtrack and wearing clean socks.11/10 would not reach the Nuclear Throne again.PS: Press B to airhorn."
76561198072604105,Recommended,242680,21620353,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Beast Mastese,"How long does it take for addiction to set in?...Sometimes exactly 0.6 hours. 5432 other users can't be wrong; NT is a simple yet chalenging funfest of destruction that keeps you coming back for more!I'm not even sure why I'm pursuing the Nuclear Throne, I just know that I am."
,Recommended,242680,21288230,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ChronosTC,It finally got rid of my addiction to every other game in my library!
76561198005989614,Recommended,242680,17232317,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,fear.,This game is so brutally difficult but so satisfying when you finally get through your first loop! Takes awhile to get used to but I really have fun learning new strats and just enjoying the chaotic gameplay it provides! LIL HUNTER WILL FOREVER BE MY BANE!! Fantastic indie game though no doubt about it. 10/10
,Recommended,242680,17267042,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Shalon,"On steam, this is one of the best early access games. The two man team at Vlambeer have managed to update this at least every week and out-update nearly every other early access game I've played. The game is just so damn fun and I predict that this game will be release quality either this summer or autumn.If you haven't got it and you like this sort of game, buy it and support Vlambeer."
76561198025604397,Recommended,242680,17281439,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,randomape,"I've shut this game off and turned my back to it after dying more than a few times... only to start it back up and go for a few more rounds. Hope they make it widescreen, but other than that, I love seeing the progress as they implement the changes. Highly re-playable"
76561197977314227,Recommended,242680,14985326,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,GRAPE,"About as difficult as some of the tougher NES games. I still haven't beaten the game yet after 13hrs of trying to reach the Nuclear Throne, the last level is insane. If you don't have enough ammo or the right mutation you are screwed. I've gotten to the last level maybe 20x but on my last playthrough I only had a few more enemies to kill when a big green blob sat on my face. RUFKINKIDDIGNME!! I have 13hrs logged on a 15 minute game. I thought I was good at games, this game thinks otherwise.3/22/15 - The day after I posted my review there were some balance changes and I was finally able to reach the Nuclear Throne. I like how impossible this was as it reminded me of old NES games but I think the balance changes were necessary. If you want to ramp up the difficulty you can add modifiers to your game by going through portals or play weaker characters.3/28/15 - The Throne is dead, long live the Nuclear Throne"
,Recommended,242680,12207129,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mark,"Nuclear Throne is a ""roguelike-like"" where you play as (currently at the time of writing) 11 mutants. All with different abilities to gain access to the Nuclear Throne. These abilities can vary from an ability to spawn mutants from your bag and having the ability to trap a creature to the floor with vines. It's probably the most-difficutly-entertaining games I've probably ever played. There's a handful (for what I know right now) of secrets that are the funniest secrets in a game I've seen. Mostly by how you get to these secrets. No spoilers here.It has a crisp visual style which brings the game to life exactly how the sound brings the games to life. Every mutant sounds and looks heavily different; making each character unique to their abilities. The mutants you play as, are at the start, mostly locked. You have to progress through the game to unlock them. However, at this time, for me personally, all of them are easily unlocked.With this combined, it has really high replayability with an awesome price.Oh, and also: From the time of writing this, it's in early access.Go and buy it,now."
76561198262780069,Recommended,242680,32155330,Posted: 3 June,all,Jam2000,great game must buy love it but it does get repetitive really soon.
,Recommended,242680,12201182,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,the pam that time forgot,"Fast-paced, difficult, rewarding and massive replayability. Buy it now."
,Recommended,242680,20652355,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,"Around 794,600 Tater Tots",My entire experience with Nuclear Throne is you laughing into the face of death shortly before getting suckerpunched.
,Recommended,242680,30590603,Posted: 18 March,all,s1nn_3r,"Either I'm a shaggy noob, or the game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard..But all this hardcore makes the game great.My congratulations developers, you are great as your game))0)"
,Recommended,242680,18888751,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ariesyris,"Indie game of the year 2015. Sorry Undertale, you have heart and story, but this game has raw replayability.One of the best roguelites I've ever played. You don't have to reset endlessly for a viable run, enemies actually die when you shoot them, and...just in general, it's a joy to play. It's punishing as hell, but it's fast, the gunplay is amazing (Borderlands doesn't have♥♥♥♥♥♥on the weapons in this game) and only the most frustrating deaths will dissuade you from taking explosive revenge.It's also worth noting that it's one of the most exemplary titles in Early Access and it won't go on sale until after release, so if you're curious, go for it now."
76561198040056045,Recommended,242680,19977796,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Arkabed,"I won't debate over what could the game have been if worked on more, with more content or whatever.I actually think that it is one of the best twinstick shooter-action rogue-like and one of the best, let's simply say, action game of all time. I'm speaking of game pleasure, enjoyement sec per sec. It's amazing how, to me at least, the game provides raw fun and addiction.I can't really explain why, is it because of its elegant simplicity but vicious difficulty ?Or the perfect feeling of power into a fragile body that can go anywhere but still die at every moment ?Or the fact that everything felt like into my control when I control nothing ?Or maybe because you fall into a repetitive mechanic of doing the same things but always different ?Hard to say, but I think that the secret of this game lies into a perfect balance of things.It's true alchemy."
,Recommended,242680,25337415,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Whiteout,"You know that game you saw at the arcade that had all of those flashy lights and drew you in the second you saw it?  Remember how you then went up to it and put your quarter into it, and then before you even knew it, you got a game over screen?  And then instead of walking away, you put another quarter in the game to give it figure out what even happened, only for you to just barely grasp the gameplay before you died again?  And then you dumped your entire wallet into the game and by the end of it all, the longest you lasted was 10 minutes?Nuclear Throne is that arcade game.It proclaims itself to be a roguelike, similar to Binding of Isaac.  In fact, a lot of people make comparisons between the two games, saying that they're similar.  To that I say, there's actually not very in much in common.  While they are both roguelikes and you need to get to go through a number of levels to reach the ""end"", as well as having the same movement scheme with the WASD keys, and having a variety of characters to play as, those are the only similarities they have.One of the ways Nuclear Throne makes itself very different from Binding of Isaac is by making your primary means of attack with guns and melee weapons like wrenches and sledgehammers.  You use your curser to aim, and then you click whenever you want to hit/fire from your gun.  And as with real life guns, you need to reload and get more ammo after you've shot them all into your enemies' corpses.  The ammo is relatively easy to find, whether it's in chests or from drops after you kill enemies, but it's still a good idea to not unload all of your bullets at once, because some enemy will pop up when you need your bullets the most, and you WILL die.Another thing about Nuclear Throne is that each level has no doors.  It's one solid room of different environments depending on where you are, meaning that your enemies will find out eventually if you don't hide behind some walls.  In order to progress to the next level you have to kill everyone on the current level, but levels are so small in general, it should take you not even 5 minutes to make a corpse out of everyone.And finally, this game has a very arcade-like feel to it.  A single run can be done in 15 minutes, but just like all of those arcade games you might have tried to play, you will die.  You will die A LOT.  Enemies hit with a lot of power in this game, and if you're not quick, you'll get hit rather easily and blow up within 3 seconds.  Othertimes you'll get bombarded with ten enemies on the screen at once while you're also surrounded by tons of explosives.  Or even worse, you'll kill an enemy, and it'll explode, catching you in the blast and killing you that way.  The point is, you will shot full of holes all the time.  Success is not easily come by in this game.And yet despite this, this game is extremely addicting.  The very short amount of time it takes you to get to the Nuclear Throne, along with the fast-paced action, makes it very easy to get sucked in for hours and hours.  That mentality of ""just one more try..."" will consume you.  Maybe you won't get drawn into it as much as the Binding of Isaac games due to less content, but the addiction factor is still there.With that said, I can only reccomend this game to those who aren't afraid of a challenge.  You will die a lot, as I have reiterated many times in this review.  You will die because of stupid decisions, because you didn't move fast enough, or because the game decides it hates you and has hordes of rats storm you from both ends of a narrow hallway and sink their fangs into you.  This game does not care about you winning.  I'm pretty sure some of the Steam achievements make this apparent with how one of them requires you to sit upon the throne with a certain character when they're seconds away from death.But if you don't mind that (and are perhaps a masochist), then by all means buy the game.  Just don't go expecting this to be Binding of Isaac, because you'll be in for quite a surprise then."
,Recommended,242680,9969452,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,RoX,"First, I just wanna say ""curse you Vlambeer, why'd you have to take the standard dual stick model and make it your own?"" I'm still kinda in awe over what a great game this is. So much so, in fact, that even with the bugs, the lack of content [still being early access at time of writing], I want to play over and over. More so than some $109 games (*cough*bf4*ehem*). The famous last words ""just one more game"" are uttered quite a few times during my sessions with Nuke Throne. There is sooo much that is right with this game but the most notable is the controls. Vlambeer gets them right (everytime!). What gives this style, flare, replayability and more fun factor is nice selection of characters with diffrent and challenging abilities and an ever expanding list of items, weapons, leveling up, and upgrades. I can't say enough good things about this game so I'll sum it up for you. If you are a fan of dual (or twin) stick sh'mups, what are you reading this for? You should have already bought the game! But since you haven't you should support a good indie dev and buy it in its early access. Regardless, I've got the ""itch"" to play again, but this is a solid 10/10 in my book and maybe in top 5 dual stick shooters of all time (pending completion).->RoX<-"
,Recommended,242680,22246606,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The Dreamer,"If you're going to get this game, I highly recommend a gamepad... Because throwing a keyboard and mouse really gets to be a hassle after five hundred and seventy ♥♥♥♥ing times."
,Recommended,242680,17629348,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Simplest of the Simpler,"I have very little gametime as of writing this review (1 hour).The game has an amazing soundtrack, is addicting, can run on a potato, and isn't as hard as people say it is. I will say on a difficulty from 0 to 10, it is a 7 for me.Sidenote: Binding of Isaac: Rebirth or any other rogue-type games has taught people alot about dodging in this game which they are able to do without any trouble most of the time. I suggest you have some expierence in rogue games first before playing this one.PS: I turned the game shake down to 0 beacause I was getting dizzy."
76561197981966854,Recommended,242680,10479034,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,rhoak,"This game just might overtake The Binding of Isaac as the best modern roguelike. Not as many items and mutations as that game but the raw gameplay is skill based and more akin to Hotline Miami as opposed to BoI where it's all about your items and bullet-hell running around. It has a wild-west feel of emptying your clip and hoping that when the dust settles you'll be alive and there'll be enough supplies for the next level.The story, setup, worlds, bosses, guns, enemies, and artstyle are top notch. Every time you die it never feels like the game screwed you, and each world has it's own tactics and style.Just a perfect game and a truly unique roguelike. My only complaint so far is that they need to add more characters. 7 doesn't feel like enough for this game."
,Recommended,242680,18242339,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Fal,"This game makes you want to play it over and over after you keep repeating death. You keep getting more and more proficient as you keep playing over and over. All these characters suit every player. BUT WAIT DID I MENTION THE SOUNDTRACK IS ONE OF THE BEST THINGS ABOUT THIS GAME, BECAUSE IT IS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE IT AS ALWAYS!!1!!11:^^^^^^^^^)""1/1 it's good"" - New York Times"
,Recommended,242680,28111995,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,LukeDIP,"Nuclear Throne the game where you know that your going to die, but the question is always the same.When?How?Why?Well I'll tell you before it even begins: Your not good enoughHow will you get better? Is it possible?You damn right it is just keep pressing REPLAY and get ready for one of the best top down games ever fathomed.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,18207287,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Strikes,"This game is amazing. Fun all around, unique characters, hidden stuff. Always challenging and hard as balls after the first loop. Sometimes though the game will give a big ♥♥♥♥ you and spawn you in a huge cluster♥♥♥♥ of everything known to mankind so if you didn't have the fastest reflexes in the galaxy... ♥♥♥♥ your progress."
,Recommended,242680,21847992,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,huffy,The missile that blew up next to me and killed me dropped a health pack.
,Recommended,242680,18646496,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,check,Absolutely amazing game. I really have nothing bad to say about this game. Completely recommended for anyone who likes action/retro/roguelike games.
76561198286624348,Recommended,242680,30733565,Posted: 25 March,all,soldat555,10/10 this game is exploding1: this game has exploding graphics2: so many action and character3: soooo many maps and gunsguys this game has illuminati 10/10
76561198155873227,Recommended,242680,17322446,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,"Booze, Offender of Religion","This game is the best i own. Dont you write a negative reveiw because its ""difficult"" or ""unfair"". I wish i could recommend this game 2 billion times.Now that it's out of ea, i wish it had a little more content. We can all hope for dlc!"
,Recommended,242680,13906447,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,MrPigeon,"Do you like the 'think on your feet, have reflexes of lightning' twitch gameplay of Hotline Miami?Do you like the daily challenges, randomness and unforgiving-but-fair aspects of Spelunky?Do you like the perks and crazy array of weaponry on offer in Crimsonland?Do you like being a sentient plant that beats vultures into a pulp with a shovel?Welcome to where you will invest the next 100 hours of your gaming life: Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,242680,16225370,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,the taste of ink,"easily goty, best rogue-lite currently out there"
76561198179590775,Recommended,242680,18642632,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,millenialmage,"This is my favorite game on steam because it bring out so much adrenaline and the overhelming sense of achievement but be warned, it is absolutely the most brutal bullet hell game I have ever played."
,Recommended,242680,21237618,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Wildrage,40 hours in and I still haven't reached the nuclear throne.You have been warned this is a particularly hard game .Not to mention a single mistake will deliberately spawn you at the start of the levelBut at the end of the day its a lot of fun to grenade yourself near an enemy and stare at the screen for seconds only to click the retry button again
76561198011237530,Recommended,242680,14103885,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,🎃ArousedJelly💀,Finally an early access game that isn't made of broken promises and shattered dreams.
,Recommended,242680,20099862,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Patches the Pirate Panda,Fantastic game.Challenging and rewardingFilled with secrets for you to discover to unlock characters and new gear
,Recommended,242680,20256665,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"If you like fast-paced games with short runs, like the binding of isaac or super meat boy, you'll enjoy this game."
76561198072086647,Recommended,242680,20117786,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,iCy,probably one of the best indie games
,Recommended,242680,17192768,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,wesnat,"nuclear throne is ♥♥♥♥ing chaos in the best way possible; it's an over-the-top blend of roguelikes, bullet hell, and cover shooters, and it is hard as nails. but in my experience, it's never frustrating or unfair. like spelunky or any other well-made roguelike-inspired game, its challenge and difficulty are outweighed by its addictive ""ok just one more try"" fun.i think nuclear throne's strongest point is its emphasis on individual playstyle. there are no ""bad"" characters, no ""bad"" weapons, no ""bad"" perks to choose when leveling up. everything is carefully designed around the player's own preferences, and whatever unique situations you might find yourself in as you progress. a perk or weapon or character that seems useless or oddly specific will always have special advantages that might not be immediately apparent, and may be critically important later on. vlambeer's careful attention to balance (as shown by their constant updates) has impressively paid off.the artwork is great, the music is great (but kinda loud and overbearing at times), the gameplay is great. my only complaints stem from the currently unfinished menus and options (as of july 2015), but since the game is still in active development, i'm sure they'll be fixed before long. nuclear throne is, in my opinion, a fantastic and clever use of the early access system, and i look forward to seeing where vlambeer takes it from here."
,Recommended,242680,26278899,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Yung Venuz,Fast paced action packed bullet hell.
,Recommended,242680,28847306,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,niga behoilet,When I get great mutations so i can LOVE more undertales
,Recommended,242680,13870820,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Schorsch,Really nice rogue-like shooter. Nuclear Throne is the successor of Wasteland Kings that was coded by Vlambeer for Mojam2. You can choose 1 out of 12 characters and try to survive. All have unique abilities. For example there is the chicken. The chicken has the chance after getting killed to run around without a head and try to get a med-kit to escape the gameover screen. Also it has the ability to go in to slowmotion.The graphics are really nice. It’s really good pixelart. I can’t complain.Go pick it up in a sale.
,Recommended,242680,22934380,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ps - lop / lot,"Nuclear Throne is an addictive rougelike with procedurally generated levels. Even though the game is insanely difficult, and at first you might feel like you regret purchasing this game, it grows on you a lot and you eventually get better. You will die all the time, a lot, again and again, yet you will want to play more and more. This game starts out as very obscure, you will learn things the hard way and eat drit and♥♥♥♥♥♥from bosses and hordes of enemies alike.As you progress from level to level you earn experience, which you can then spend on random upgrades. This makes each run uniqe and unpredictable, adding up to replayability. This game offers more in terms of progression, like new characters,♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of weapons, crowns and etc..~Not sure if Nuclear Trone for you?~Well if you like bullet hells, rougelikes, a good challange, variability, top down shooters and a bit of unpredictability, it definitely is! And even if you don't like any of the following consider this; for the price it asks it's an amazing game and it could be a good starting point if you are interested in this genre of games, it was mine too and I'm enjoying it a lot. It feels good to shoot enemies on the screen, devs polished this game to perfection, and despite of it's difficulcity, it's still managable, you just need to get better at it. Though if you get frustrated easily, are impatient and you consider yourself a causal gamer, or someone who doesn't like steep learning/skill curve, you should probably avoid this.Also the music is just soooooooooooooooooooooo good. Especially first sewer levels. Great work by Kozilek! It shapes the overal atmosphere of this game, making it an amazing gaming experience that will take you by surpirse andyou'll remember it for the rest of your life, I promise you that."
,Recommended,242680,10324947,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Shustrik,"Офигенная игра! Самое близкое пока к Binding of issac из всего что я пробовал. Тоже самое - рандомные уровни, перки, персы кастомайз и супер удобное управление мышь+клава. Рекомендую, хотя игра еще в разработке"
76561198073661538,Recommended,242680,11138719,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,darkdoodle,"100 hours and counting. Look at everyone elses hours, and you'll have your answer and how addicting this game is. Vlambeer has outdone themselves with this amazing rougelike. Everything is amazing- the music is perfect, the sprites pixel perfect, even the sounds are spot on. And they're adding more with the WEEKLY UPDATES. If you don't own this game, buy it now."
,Recommended,242680,13986996,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,The Bait-Mane,It's good. It gets updated a lot. It's fun.You should give the developers all of your money.10/10 IGN
,Recommended,242680,19929655,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Whiskydog,"Bullet hell + Rogue-like = Nuclear Throne. A game that imho has been held off by the dev's decision of making it Early Acces, but that nonetheless has pushed through the hardship and become ""that-one-other-roguelike"" that knew how to push forward the genre mixing it with bullet hell and 'semi' twin-stick shooters characteristics.Innovating with PC (player character) selection with it's own secondary abilities each, and interesting mechanics as for example the somewhat of a ""survival-shooter"" one, where u have to struggle (sometimes) to get ammo, this game has known how to find his comfy niche into the rogue-like genre.TL;DR :Buy itTry it now !!"
76561198025375708,Recommended,242680,8261684,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Brainwalker,"I expected this game to be fun, but I've actually been enjoying it even more than I expected.  Games with roguelike elements are known for their high replayability, and Nuclear Throne is no different, but a big part of the replay value in this game is the different abilities of each of the characters.  Transform into an immobile bullet-reflecting cyrstal spire, eat guns and recycle them into ammunition, ensnare enemies in a tangle of thorny vines, cause enemy corpses on screen to explode... each character changes your approach to the game in sometimes subtle and sometimes dramatic ways, and that'sone of the big things that keeps me coming back.  Even though I do have my personal favories... Robot and Melting 4 life!  And death.  Lots and lots of death."
,Recommended,242680,31030261,Posted: 8 April,all,BOT Glory,"Bullet points to convince more people to buy this game- Oh so many guns and other weapons (pop gun, more like pop fun!)- You can♥♥♥♥♥♥on Rebel all you want- Yung Venuz makes you laugh at childish mayhem- The diverse range of characters is great- I love me some radiation!The secret backstory is kind of disturbing sometimes, but it's too good a game to pass up."
,Recommended,242680,15804023,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Perfect Fennec Waifu,"A short guide on Nuclear Throne.""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS THING?""""WHY IS EVERYTHING TRYING TO KILL ME?""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS LIGHTING PISTOL AND WHY IS IT SO BAD?""""I'M GONNA KILL SOMETHING WITH A WRENCH!""POP POP POP BANG BANG KABOOM!That's basically it."
,Recommended,242680,20370693,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Taetoe,"So this game plays a lot like both Hotline Miami and Binding of Isaac.First off you start as a measly level 1 mutant with a revolver, a special ability, and a thirst for plutonium and more power. The levels, loot, and enemies are all randomly generated, with set bosses at certain points. Get enough plutonium and you'll level up and get to pick one of four random new mutations (more ammo capacity, more melee range, some kills generate HP, and so on). When you die, it's game over. You will die a lot, and you will keep saying to yourself ""Just one more time......"" over and over again."
,Recommended,242680,14173724,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,le_pack,"This is the greatest game I have ever played. Thank you, Vlambeer."
,Recommended,242680,17341140,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,hoke,Throne butts.
76561198067619205,Recommended,242680,22872144,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Reverse Merperson,"It's the Dead body looting Mutant shooting Venus mouthing Root in tooting Luger toting Ruger loading Bullet throwing Way too long grenade holding Triangular might mangle you weapon to rap Flash color coded clips N and RPG hat Baby, baby blue ammo turns red when it claps Shoot your face in the fat Give your cadaver a slap Where the level boss at I wanna clickclickcaclick that See em, shoot em, skin em, wear em, mount em on a wall If it's completely armor plated I will shoot it in the BALL... ...ing like a black hole or vulture flock. You're violently challenged Your THANGS don't♥♥♥♥♥♥Your things get shot Your party stops When I roll up teen wolfing on an ambulance top This ain't no game ain't never been no show And I'll gladly gun down the oldest lady you knowI don't need no friends I don't need no phone Just a bag of severed heads And my Nuclear ThroneMe no believe in trends Me no believe in GNOMES All me be believe in Is my Nuclear ThroneI don't need no bread I don't need no home Just everybody dead And my Nuclear ThroneMe kill you in a nowhere Me kill you all alone Me kill you in the face For my Nuclear Throne"
,Recommended,242680,22051735,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,[TW]Swift_Brutal_Death,I don't think I can really put into words how ♥♥♥♥ing cool this game is but I'll give it a shot.  Fast and fun!  The controls are tight and responsive.  The graphics are a hybrid of old school plus modern styles done in a brilliant way.  The sound and music are superb.  Humurous moments.  It's like Binding of Issac and Hotline Miami had a super baby.  Totally recommend it for fans of roguelike and shooting components.
,Recommended,242680,29102115,Posted: 7 January,all,Seyarch,"This game is great, I've been introduced to this game by my friends, and I'm happy he showed it to me. It's basically one of those games, where if you get really far in and die, you want to start again without hesitation."
,Recommended,242680,32175528,Posted: 4 June,all,Giant Flightless Bird,"According to THRONEBUTT I'm barely an average player, but I enjoy banging my head against Nuclear Throne daily. Fantastic for 15-30 minutes of high octane twinstick fun with a nice variety of characters (with special abilities) and weapons, game-changing upgrades and sweet gamefeel. 30fps, but I don't mind. Mouse + kb works great."
76561198036370538,Recommended,242680,16332976,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Boss Cipher%,"Fish Can RollCrystal Can ShieldEyes Can TelekinesisMelting Can ExplodePlant Can SnareY.V Can POP-POPSteroids Can Auto-ShootRobot Can EatChicken Can ThrowRebel Can Rebel-ArmyHorror Can BeamRogue Can Portal-StrikeEveryone CAN,but can YOU?"
,Recommended,242680,15717967,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Me too thanks,The only game I actually need on Steam
,Recommended,242680,18400695,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Stocking,"Jesus ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing CHRIST is this game good. Vlambeer, you've outdone yourselves once more.PROS:-Balls to the wall difficult-A♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of replay value, maybe even more than Isaac-An epic soundtrack with a mix of hard rocking songs and mellow melodies-A disgusting amount of weapons (Although, some of them suck.. -coughtoxiccrossbowcough-)-Plenty of upgrades that allow you to tailor the game to your tastes-Constant updates. with plenty of new featuresCONS:-Still in beta, which means the game isn't nearly as good as it will be-Low number of characters-Not that easy to mod, sadlyAll in all, this game is beyond good. If you like Touhou, Hotline Miami, or Isaac, you should pick this game up right away. Also, if this game goes on sale, I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥if you can barely afford food, YOU BUY THIS GAME.10/10 its pretty ok"
,Recommended,242680,26138257,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,urg,pop pop
,Recommended,242680,20615175,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,RabidRacc,The throne definitely exists.
76561198050386606,Recommended,242680,13113958,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Joj,"So....You are given the chance to run around as a creature made of pure radio-active waste weilding a laser gun and a double flame shotgun, you gunna turn that down?Great game, great weapons, fun world/loreget it."
,Recommended,242680,12940506,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Malcolm Crum,"Nuclear Throne is the best game you aren't playing. Procedurally generated action, tightly focused, maximum feedback, it is easily the Early Access game I've been most satisfied with."
,Recommended,242680,21071642,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,tiger thot,"pretty good, i wish there wasn't an fps cap though"
76561198091637143,Recommended,242680,19513633,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Rggcd,"Ohh Ster, I will never forget the first time I saw you play nuclear throne.Don't let the trailer fool you. I got this game a long time ago, and boy was it worth it. It was easy for me, I felt it was a game I would like. The insanity that can insue when you loop, the adrenaline when you beat little hunter, or when you find 2Double Miniguns as steroids, who can dual wield.Just buy it. Its amazing."
,Recommended,242680,14730615,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,💀 meepches 💀,"this game owns, it owns!!!pro players tip: always use Y.V. and always press B a lot"
,Recommended,242680,18957814,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,MouldE-,Simultaneously one of the best and most infuriating games I have ever played!
,Recommended,242680,18975260,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Convenient Spider,"This game is equal parts ridiculously fun and extremely rage-inducing.(I'm looking at you guys, Li'l Hunter, Rats and Laser Crystals.)"
76561197968173100,Recommended,242680,19811936,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,douglur,awesome game
,Recommended,242680,29226129,Posted: 13 January,all,Pocket Octopi,"Great game, very addicting.There is a great variety in weapons to slaughter your enemies with and the characters have a wide range of abilities on top of that mutations switch up things a lot giving you even more powers.Be warned before buying this, Nuclear Throne is an extremely hard game and you will most likely be ripping your hair out when dying on a good run."
,Recommended,242680,20100563,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,corky,Is like Binding Of Isaac with guns.
76561197993048272,Recommended,242680,22818354,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Eugene Bohr,"10/10There is nothing I can say about this game that you can't already find in the countless positive reviews you'll find on this page. The gameplay is responsive and consistently engaging. I haven't even made it all the way through and I love it. The furthest I've reached is 5-3 and I died almost instantly on my first encounter with Lil Hunter. I was devastated that I died. I was overjoyed to have made it that far. I was excited to try again. And that's the best part about this game. No matter how much it kills you, no matter how frustrating it becomes, you never feel like it's impossible. It inspires you to try again and develop better skills. Now, THAT's what makes a great game.I did not reach the nuclear throne, but at least fish can roll, right?"
76561198024241702,Recommended,242680,8870499,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,roman_CT,"So far excellent game overall and particularly like the gameplay  (though still trying to pass 3rd level).Reminds me a bit of Hotline Miami, but somewhat faster movement, and with the addition of health and random generated levels, which all feel just the right combination.Also, I am a fan of Vlambeer's action style, pixel graphics, sound and music, having just played Ridiculous Fishing on my iPad, where Nuclear Throne feels like a crazy continuation from shooting all those caught fishes (which itself feels ridiculously good).All in all, highly reccomended."
,Recommended,242680,9536970,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,eternal_bandit,"My most played, favorite indie game ever. It's a difficult, randomly generated rogue-like, with a huge weapon selection (currently over a hundred weapons). Each weapon has a unique feel, and makes the game very replay-able. I would definitely recommend buying it if you're willing to try something a little more difficult.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,10206788,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,rmanthorp,FLÄSHYN
76561197993784910,Recommended,242680,11937894,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,danila99,"You play five minutes, you die. You restart to play some more until you die in five minutes again. You go like this for eight hours straight because heroin is less addictive than the Nuclear Throne! Beware of Necromancer! I.D.P.D. is looking for you! Oh no, you died again.10/10."
76561198059164438,Recommended,242680,12066468,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Nic,"Saw this game being streamed one day, figured to pick it up for $13. What a great idea.This game features 11 characters, each with a different passive ability and active ability. These characters all have their own unique play-style that helps you through the different experiences had throughout this game. For your characters, you can find new weapons and ""mutations"" (upgrades). The game is still in Early Access so it isn't nearly done. In saying that, the content that is in this gem of a game so far is great. DEFINITELY worth the $13.Be careful. This is one of those games where you say ""Oh, I'll just do 1 more run."" HA. Wrong. You'll be sitting there 2 hours later still shooting everything that moves.GET IT. YOU WON'T REGRET IT."
,Recommended,242680,9808786,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,ک∂R∂ƈعŋ  •̪̀͡●,"A fantastic indie shooter, reminiscent of all those early 90's arcade games I spent far too much pocket money on.  The market is flooded with these low pixel retro games, but this one stands out as one of the best.  Lets add some Steam acheivements along with some bug fixes please and the replayability value will be great!  8/10"
,Recommended,242680,9606931,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,Really awesome game. Didn't think I would like it but it is hella-addicting and I keep coming back over big-time. Its like BOI but certainly different enough to be its own thing.
,Recommended,242680,10533086,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ross,"A very fun rogue-like indie game, pick it up if you're looking for a challenge."
76561198043764685,Recommended,242680,10396541,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,CREEPY WAFFLE,"A gem. A top-down, procedurally-generated bullet hell that's funny and fun to play.A different game every single time, and after playing for 200+ hours, an incredible bargain at just $14.99"
,Recommended,242680,17181915,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,[Cash.net] Xgpmcnp,The first zone looks more like the Fallout series than Fallout 4 does. 10/10.
,Recommended,242680,10960509,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,monopolised hot chocolate,this sh*t is bonkers
,Recommended,242680,13820991,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mr.Perezsoso,Press b to play airhorn as illuminati triangle10/10
76561198028086019,Recommended,242680,14513596,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,zais,Fast-paced; guns and melee; post-apocalypse; animals and mutations; rouge-like.What else do you need?UPDATE: 2015-11-18: Now with achievements!
76561198042445403,Recommended,242680,26609216,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Reiner,"Nuclear Throne is a reflection of life, the mutant is you! You are special in your own way! Take the unforgiving journey! The mutations are decissions! The rads experience! Just like life the game is fun at times and frustrating other times and you inevitably die, no matter what you do."
,Recommended,242680,31370225,Posted: 25 April,all,🦀,ＦＩＳＨ     ＣＡＮ     ＲＯＬＬ
,Recommended,242680,19527299,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Savage Underground Spirit,"Probably my favorite game. Also the hardest I know. Got it April when it was still early access (and to this day I have never reached the nuclear throne) and I've been enjoying it ever since. It has one of the greatest soundtracks, too. Only bad thing I can think of in this game is that it's locked to 30FPS.Buy it ASAP, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,242680,18373547,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,LIVING IN AMERICA,"Never has a game made me so mad that I had to go lie down, and cool down before going back to it10/10"
,Recommended,242680,12605533,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Not Ridley,"Imagine that all was good in the world and Fallout had a hot steamy night with Hotline Miami, but due to the copious ammount of awesome that was in the room the baby ended up being a roguelite. Boom, Nuclear Throne. I literally can't stop playing it. I just keep coming back, no matter how cruel it decides to be."
,Recommended,242680,28733272,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,☠ ☹ AferaPizamowa ☹ ☠,okularnik pi(erwiastek)xd
,Recommended,242680,29031901,Posted: 5 January,all,ScЯubbles™,"This game will punish you hard, with no reward but you'll find yourself coming back to it over and over and over. It's like meth, short ectasy but painful punishment."
,Recommended,242680,32149018,Posted: 3 June,all,deathsips,i fail to believe three things about this game.1. it was made in gamemaker studio.2. it's so good.3. IT'S SO GOOD.
,Recommended,242680,7816250,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,d.Tox508,"**PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THIS WAS WRITTEN 10/26/13 AND AS THIS GAME IS IN BETA IT IS CONSTANTLY CHANGING SO THIS REVIEW IS BASED ON THE GAME AS IT WAS AT THE TIME**Yet another addicting roguelike from Vlambeer and friends, Nuclear Throne is the cooler older brother of Super Crate Box. This time around there are more crazy monsters to kill with another massive arsenal and seven new playable characters to do it with. When I first saw previews for the game, I recognized the work immediately as Vlambeer, as I was a huge fan of Super Crate Box. One of the most enjoyable aspects of this game is being able to move freely through an open level, opposed to the single screen of SCB as well as the option to choose from multiple characters with different stats and special abilities.After a few failed attempts at trying to reach out to Vlambeer via Twitter for a possible copy to review I just decided to buy it. Supporting indie developers like Vlambeer who have provided us gamers with awesome free games like Super Crate Box doesn’t bother me, I just didn’t want to wait till my next payday to be able to play this game, AND coincidentally Nuclear Throne happened to come out on my birthday. Anyway, I digress… Nuclear Throne is more fun than playing Mario 3 christmas morning 1988 and manages to keep you on your toes while you battle through each level where your goal is to clear it of all enemies. Loaded with upgrades, tons of different weapons and ammo, a boat load of monsters that came off a zombie infected Noah’s Ark of doom, and a cast of characters resembling the Garbage Pail Kids, Nuclear Throne is sure to turn you into the next Toxic Avenger.Nuclear Throne is Vlambeers latest action roguelike-like about mutants fighting their way through a post-apocalyptic world. The radioactive waste in the world allows mutants to get ahead by mutating new limbs on the fly, the abundant availability of powerful weaponry makes the quest to become ruler of the Wasteland one fraught with peril. At this point in development, Nuclear Throne consists of 7 playable characters and has 4 worlds, each containing 3 sub levels that you must complete before moving on to the next. Your ultimate goal is to clear the map, collect ammo, build your arsenal and gather nuclear waste to gain levels.To gain levels you must collect the nuclear waste capsules that enemies drop after you kill them. After collecting so many of these you gain your next level and given the opportunity to upgrade your character. Some of these upgrades include “Lucky Shot” that when added allows some shots to regenerate ammo. “Blood Lust” gives you the ability where some kills may regenerate your HP, or “Rhino Skin” which gives you an added +4HP. These upgrades are essential to your gameplay, and if you choose wisely you can get further and further every time you play.The gameplay of Nuclear Throne is genius and compelling, keeping you glued to your computer making every last bullet a battle cry at redemption. Each character has its own special ability and varied stats, for example, “Fish” gets more ammo than most other characters, and his special ability is the doge roll. Whereas “Crystal” gets more HP, and has the crystal shield as a special ability. Right now my favorite character is “Plant.” He moves around faster, and has the ability to throw seeds out and snare enemies making it easier to kill them. This helps greatly when trying to move around enemies that are shooting at you as well, not to mention snaring larger enemies allowing for an easier target to move around.Weaponry isn’t an issue when it comes to Nuclear Throne. Everything from a screwdriver to a grenade launcher, Vlambeer certainly didn’t leave anything out of this one. The shooting dynamics when using a mouse and keyboard are flawless, and put the power from your current weapon at your finger tips. Extra ammunition is found from killing enemies and dropped randomly, usually when you’re running low. Like many roguelikes, ammo is essential and there usually isn’t that much of it readily available, especially when using the triple machine gun.You can also find ammo and extra weapons from the chests scattered throughout each level, and health is also dropped this way as well.The music in Nuclear Throne blends perfectly with gameplay and isn’t overly annoying like in most other games. I liked that each level had its own unique and distinct music that was congruent to its surroundings. Graphicly, Nuclear Throne is a step up from Super Crate Box and adds more shading while adding more characteristics to the enemies and playable characters. Overall, Nuclear Throne is an awesome game, tons of fun to play, and leaves you wanting more. Anytime that I find myself thinking about a video game outside of my house I know that its a hit. Needless to say this game is incredible, and even in early development shows promise. I highly suggest this one, its bound to be another classic.Graphics: 7/10Playability: 7/10Story: 3/10Challenge: 7/10Replay Value: 7/10"
,Recommended,242680,8271395,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ElderVen,"What is Nuclear Throne?------------------------------------A hectic bullet-hell battle to reach the fabled ""Nuclear Throne."" Fight through levels of deadly enemies that can and will kill you on sight. Shoot maggots with a Triple Machine-gun or use a crossbow on a bandit while avoiding hundreds of bullets that will chunk your health down pretty quickly.The cast of characters is vast and their abilities add a new type of playstyle everytime you try them out. Playing ""Melting"" lets you explode every corpse you create, but you only get 2 health. That's basically a one-hit wonder. Play as ""Crystal"" and block and reflect every shot for a limited time, but be careful not to get surrounded. Play as ""Steroids"" and get a hefty amount of health and dual-weilding capacity. Ever wanted to shoot double laser guns? I know I have.This game will keep you entertained and hitting R to quick restart for a good amount of time every session. The levels are randomly generated, and so are the enemies, but the difficulty never goes down. Gather experience to gain upgrades such as an increase in melee range or regenerating bullets on hit.If you manage to reach the Vault, you can gain a Crown upgrade that may make the game more rewarding, but also challenging. You could also choose no crown, for a bald head is the best head.Whether you're a casual gamer or a bullet hell lover, this game will manage to keep you entertained for it's value, not to mention Vlambeer likes to release constant updates fixing bugs and adding content.Testimonies-----------------""Pls good, such buy, wow."" - Me""This game...is a game."" - Me""Dude, shut up, these aren't testimonies."" - Some guy""He payed me to write this."" - Anonymous tip"
,Recommended,242680,17937602,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Thrax™,"I Froth in the mouth at rage whenever I play this and get killed, but I can't stop, I keep coming back, and try my best to get to the throne.10/10FUN FACT: Yung Venuz (the Illuminati Character) had a Game of his own before he got included in Nuclear Throne, and that Game was Gun Godz, which can be Downloaded for Free here:http://vlambeer.com/3/"
,Recommended,242680,23200467,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Rick Harrison,"Really nice game, runs on a potato, and challenging at first but you'll get the hang of it later as you progress."
,Recommended,242680,14635162,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,adrian diddles kids,"Gatling Bazookas'sShotgun Grenade Launcher'sQuad Minigun'sAuto Double Flame Shotgun'sBlood Launcher'sPizza MonstersUnder-Water?Beat-Boxing Airhorn Illuminati?Need I say more?10/10 would buy a new monitor, mouse and keyboard again."
,Recommended,242680,23896348,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,★ Zurich Malgam ★,"Plays 92 hours of the gameAfter 92 hours, realizes that he can get a golden weapon whenever he wants.MIND BLOWN.10/10 would hate myself again"
,Recommended,242680,19185095,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,❀_Spookyhex_❀,Ive been playing since build 35 and i can honestly say this game is absolutley fantastic <3Even though some features are missing this game is awesome. The gameplay is amazing and very remenicent of other rogue like games due to its randomly generated landscape and weapons. The story is great (if you look it up) and i love each and every character (my favorite being Rogue). It needs fixing and stuff but i honestly rate this game a 9/10Much love Vlambeer <3Also fish can roll
,Recommended,242680,19514728,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,detected,"Want to have fun, excitement and progression in 10 minutes of gameplay? Play this game and you won't regret."
,Recommended,242680,22486936,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Missing,Usurp the Radioactive Royalty and claim the contaminated crown
76561198076711724,Recommended,242680,13471129,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,boat,"Hello!I have only clocked in about 5.1 hours of this game and so far, I'm really impressed. It's a great game that doesn't get all the recognition it deserves. It's a fast paced shooter that can put a player on the edged of his/her seat.Anyhow here's my Pros/ConsPros:Players can easily adapt to game changes.The game is exciting and fast paced.Although hard at first it gets better with play time/experience with the gameCharacters to pick through with different abilities to change up the game.No two rooms are the sameWith the ""Mutations"" your game will always be more diverse and interestingA butt load of guns to discover and useNice music :DEasy controlsCons:Screen shake (You can turn it off though if you dislike it, so it's all good)Graphics. (This one depends on the player. If you're like me you enjoy the pixel-like graphics it is, if you're a new ager((Or whatever)) then you probably wont enjoy the pixels as much.)I honestly can't really think of anything else.There you have it. This game is highly recommended by me. 10/10 Lovely game."
,Recommended,242680,17670186,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,sexy bigga,haha yv memes
,Recommended,242680,7739973,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dr Potato,Dank
,Recommended,242680,26813957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Monsis,It's ok even though it's not finished
,Recommended,242680,32878555,Posted: 27 June,all,Admiral Bread Crumbs,I needed a game to write about for summer sale stickers
,Recommended,242680,20060106,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at full pricescore: 8/10 - very goodsimilar games: Doom, Binding of Isaactags: shooter, rogue-lite, top downNuclear Throne is one of those games which have great core gameplay, but lack content and maybe a bit polish too. Because of that the game didn't provide a satisfying experience to me although the gunplay is really satisfying. What I basicly expect from every rogue-lite game these days is the following:lots and lots of unlockables -> encourages multiple playthroughs and makes death not feel meaninglessThe only unlocks in Nuclear Throne are new characters, but those I would normally count as a bonus, since they don't affect your next playthrough at all, they just offer a new playstyle, but if you don't like most of the characters then these unlocks are worthless to you. And that was the case a bit for me in Nuclear Throne. Some of the characters are useless if you ask me, but the most fun to play character was definitly Steroids, and I just play as him. He has the highest DPS and is just the most crazy character which makes him by far the most fun to play for me. But at least the character design is really creative and cool. You can also unlock crowns but they are useless and don't have a big impact on the game, and you can unlock golden weapons which replace your starting weapon, which isn't a big deal, because you get new and good weapons really fast anyway.lots of different upgrades -> makes every run feel more uniqueThere are only a handful of upgrades (mutations are they called) in this game and a third of those are completely useless. Because of that your character build will be same more of less for every run. Also there is a mutation which heals you when you make kills, this is BY FAR the best mutation in the game and has a too big impact on the game. This wouldn't be a problem if the HP drops weren't so random. In some runs the game is generous and gives you lots of HP drops, in other runs you will rarely see one. What is the point in this extreme randomness?randomly generated levels need things which are worth randomly generating -> make every run feel more uniqueWhat I mean by this is how similar the runs feel because of how the levels are generated. The enemies you encounter for every region will be the same, the types of weapons you will find will be same, just the paths you have to go will be a bit different but the difference won't have any impact on how you will play the levels, they are just different so the game isn't completely the same every time. But this is not enough. In very few instances sometimes a rare enemy appeared in a level. This game needs more of that, don't have a set ensemble of enemy types per region and use them all, but have a big pool of enemies per region and only use a few of that pool, so you will encounter different enemies every run. The weapon drops could also use more variety. Maybe give weapons status effects like burn of freeze damage (that exists in the game but just a bit).the game needs to become harder after every playthrough -> encourage multiple playthroughs and allows the developers to better balance the learning and difficulty curveWhat I mean by this is how Binding of Isaac does things. For your first run there are only like 6 regions, when you beat the final boss you permanently unlock a new region after the final one for your next run which is more difficult. Then you unlock another region maybe, but then after beating the main boss 10 times the whole game gets more difficult, but that also makes sense because by this point you have unlocked tons of items and upgrades. Nuclear Throne has the ""looping"" mechanic and hard mode, but that's it.Another thing which is extremely infuriating in this game is how sometimes you can be nothing but unlucky and just die, especially in 5-3 where you sometimes spawn in the middle of million enemies while a boss appears which shoots 100 projectiles, flys all over the places while making explosions when landing, spawning more enemies AND when you beat him he will randomly fly in a direction and explode. You beat the boss but because RNG decided to make him fly in your direction and explode you loose anyway. There are lots of really cheap deaths like that in the game. Even more infuriating is when a portal spawns near a car and make the car explode which can kill you even if you have lots of HP. And the thing is I don't understand why this is, because apart from these cheap things the enemy design is GREAT with a lot of variety and depth.One last thing. The game's core gameplay is already really good and has depth, but it could have even more depth by allowing the player to carry more than 2 weapons. I think it would be great if you just could carry a weapon of each weapon type at the same time. This is would give the game more depth because then you would have to consider more criteria when making more decisions. Obviously enemy design and balance and other things have to be adjusted as well for this to work. Just think Doom and Serious Sam.The game still gets a REALLY good score from me, because the core gameplay is just really good, great character design, great enemy design, great weapon design, great sound design and great soundtrack. All the ingredients for a 10/10 game are there, but there is just not enough AT ALL around that. The game ""Downwell"" has the same problem, but that game costs 3€.Oh, also: 30 fps lock is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid especially for this type of game."
,Recommended,242680,28635104,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,iVOgoesfast,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjUqUVrXclE
,Recommended,242680,13788025,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Karma,"Games out now huh? Not much has changed really, still damn good, but I can't get into it anymore.Worth checking out if you love fast paced top down shooters, it's brutal, and beautiful."
,Recommended,242680,12492620,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,DreamKiller,"Im playing as a samurai-wielding, gun-toting, time-controlling, scorpion-killing post apocalyptic headless badass ninja chicken with extra feet and 2 stomach""Best chicken ever 10/10"" - IGN"
,Recommended,242680,8933024,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,slashgear29,Hotline Miami meets with The Binding of Isaac
76561198027144451,Recommended,242680,10901232,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,judasborges,"Nuclear Throne is a game that fundamentally feels right, guns are punchy, enemies are squishy, airhorns blaringly wonderful and obnoxious. Despite the current ubiquity of roguelikes and roguelites Nuclear Throne uses randomisation to great effect removing the player's ability to rely on memory and instead putting the emphasis on split second reaction and constant life or death decision making. Play this game. Airhorn.Wav."
76561198006937158,Recommended,242680,11320564,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Barf,YUP ITS GOOD
76561197995479351,Recommended,242680,11272744,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,apparatur,"Buy this game! It's fun, it's rich in variety, it's interesting and it's got great music.Don't get put off by the early access lable - this is not one of those games you buy just for the promises. The game already feels finished, with a wide variety of characters to choose from. With one active and one passive special ability they all play differently, some only a little and some a lot (samurai-chicken!).Ther is new stuff to discover even after you've played for a long time, secrets to discover, new awesome weapons to find, secret rooms and so on. And the developers are doing almost weekly updates, sometimes bigger, sometimes smaller, so there is still lots of content coming on top of that.The gameplay mechanic is very simple, as you go around shooting everybody while trying to avoid enemies and projectiles. There is some character progression through various mutations, but the game is still mostly based on your skill in aiming and evading.For me it's not a game to be playing for hours on end, but rather a few runs whenever I find the time.Oh, and did I already mention the game has great music?For me this is definitely the best indie game this year."
76561198114097500,Recommended,242680,8860119,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mahogany & Vincent,You get to kill things and blow things up....what is there not to like?
,Recommended,242680,11479497,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,dorel hellcase.com farmskins.com,"10/10 , would recommend !"
,Recommended,242680,20547505,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Extra Creamy,This is a very challenging game and also the charactors are good and yeah i recomend this game.
76561198066791461,Recommended,242680,27819020,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WolfBytes,"Fast, Action Packed bullet hell shooter with no mercy. Really good game"
76561198184205798,Recommended,242680,17954809,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,YUM,"This game is the best i have played it has lots of variety of weapons and is just a great game over 100 guns and the charaters all have different ablities,if you chose the right charater you might be able to get to the throne which is where the last boss is.The last the is thta this game can be very addicting and that you because it is just good."
,Recommended,242680,9108214,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Selthar,Such an awesome game.  Especially if you like rogue-likes and interaction with the developers.  The game is well balanced and has an awesome array of characters and ways to play.  Talk to me more if you want to be thoroughly convinced.
,Recommended,242680,7887142,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Albert 767,Just play the game. It's spectacular and addictive fun with a kick♥♥♥♥♥♥line up of weird characters as I said just play it!!
,Recommended,242680,20632225,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Redium,:DDDD
,Recommended,242680,26427966,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,GarlicBox,"Very fun game, there are a lot of characters and each level is randomly generated so it's always something new, there is a lot of different Mutations and all of them are unique and help you out with different stuff, different builds you can try, there is also a lot of different weapons that you can try out.overall, a very good game with a lot of replay value, you can even play with your friends in a Multiplayer mod!"
,Recommended,242680,27559084,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Uber Rush,I spend way too much time playing this...
,Recommended,242680,15535723,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,tanakabun,"This is a really good game, if you like to have your♥♥♥♥♥kicked when you first start playing. With me there is a little problem with my controls so I can only play as Y.V. but, it's still fun to play and I think that others will enjoy it."
,Recommended,242680,10571745,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,likeClockwork7,"Extremely fun. It's something you can pick up and play, and stop playing, at any time. Not because it's casual and mindless, either; it's extremely skillful. Because it's so difficult, getting further into a run tha usual feels rewarding, and dying afterward can be infuriating. (In the best of ways) The art is good, and there's a fair bit done to make using every weapon feel satisfying.I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,242680,28014896,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PuddingSkin,"-Updated review-Nuclear Throne is a Indie game simply done right.It sticks to its base gameplay and the devs have made vast quality of life improvements for the players and I respect that.Its fun fast paced playstyle keeps you coming back for more even though your last death was bull!@#$and that car that blew up that killed you was nowhere near you!The topdown shooter has multiple characters that you can choose from, some locked some hidden, each with their own unique ability.Guns on guns on guns. Nuclear Throne is full of fun unique guns to use. Energy weapons, bullets melee, explosions. The guns are the icing on the cake. Finding your favorite in the mists of a firefight is crazy fun. Combining perks with what load out you hope to find out there is an absolute blast.The quite moments in the game are a blessing because its a constant battle from every stage to every bossfight. Chaos  ensures as the game progresses but its flat out fun every bit of the way.The retro like style is timeless and easy on the eyes making every playthrough or restart less frustrating. Its the best style for this game and I really think they hit the nail on the head.10/10 You'll absoultly get your moneys worth with this game."
,Recommended,242680,24073353,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,p-himik,The best game of this type I played. Even after a 100th playthrough I don't feel like it's getting repetitive.
,Recommended,242680,13792928,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zjnx,- It's fun- It doesn't require Uplay10/10
,Recommended,242680,16109735,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Another Kitten,its good
,Recommended,242680,24805317,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,AnalPredat0r,It's mindless violence.It's fast.It's hard. It's a good time.
76561198084811625,Recommended,242680,17067121,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Squigly,"A very nice fast pace game, best to do when you need somthing to past the time or maybe stream..."
,Recommended,242680,19763786,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,SteelGolem,"Great action, lots of variety, lots of unlockables. Average game isn't much more than 5min, but you wind up hitting replay until you've logged 6h and see the sun went down already. Well worth the money even at full price!"
76561198083926265,Recommended,242680,16506306,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,spooky_seadweller,"WARNING: YOU WILL RAGE. AND DIE. A LOT.Nuclear Throne is an incredibly difficult Rogue-like shooter game about mutants and their quests to the Nuclear Throne. This game is very brutal,but it is so fun you won't care. Its addicting. A challenge,but avery funchallenge.Also,always remember,Fish can roll.10/10 Lennynati Approved /͡°\"
76561198071180813,Recommended,242680,22015696,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Vicidsmart,"Played this game in early access 2 years ago and didnt really like it, I came back when it was released and was BLOWN AWAY! The hours of game time isn't accurate, I've played much more offline"
76561198065758633,Recommended,242680,7681039,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,「Prosecutor Godot」,"I couldn't recommend this game without saying one thing. It's friggin' awesome. For a cheap title, it's a hell lotta' fun.For one, it's filled with a ton of characters with various risks vs. rewards and ultimately takes a ton of skill, time, and effort to find your best character, playstyle, and luck, of course! Go full dakka as Steroids? Or equip yourself with a melee and a weapon for some more utility? Ultimately, it comes down to preference. The art so far for this game is amazing. The music is great, rememberable, something that you wouldn't mind listening to outside of playing it. Enemy design is great, easy to follow patterns, but when the going gets tough, it gets tough."
76561197982962621,Recommended,242680,16582698,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ShadZ.,Simple but very effective :)
,Recommended,242680,21649735,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Gecktendo,"Be prepared to read the words ""You did not reach the nuclear throne"" a lot.  Be prepared to accidently kill yourself when your disk gun shot richocets off a wall and back at you.  Be prepared for an adrenaline rush every time you face Lil' Hunter.In this game, you will die a lot.  It's bullet hell and you have 8 measly hit points.  Seems like it's not a problem right? Well, most shots in the game will take down half that and more.  There's no invincibility frames after getting hit, some enemies shoot powerful enough weapons that they will kill you in one shot.And yet you keep playing.There's a beautiful feel to the game.  The gunfire sounds are audibly pleasing, Every hit on an enemy is satisfying.  As you progress further, the game only gets more fun.  After looping, you begin to feel unstoppable, but eventually you get claimed and the struggle continues.  You always die in this game, but you die a little less frequently as you progress.Do yourself a favor and pick this gem up.  You won't regret it.One small note, the developers have stopped working on the game, so if you see any bugs, it's unlikely you'll get a fix for it for a long time."
,Recommended,242680,17685876,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,MANS NOT HOT,"Pros: Feel badass sometimesCons: Most of the time not badassThere's no reason not having this in your library. The main menu was fixed, and there is a tutorial now."
,Recommended,242680,14638295,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Влади́мир Влади́,"I gave this game a negative review but now I recommend it because I've gotten all of the acvhievements♥♥♥♥♥u lmao gettouta 'ere.Oh, uhm, expecting a serious review? Well, I wanted to leave this as a sh!tpost review, but it's just not in my nature. I'll still leave the first part so people can dislike without realising I wrote an actual review lolSOOOooo... this game? What is this game? Well this game is an ""unfair"" shoot 'em up with incredibly harsh rules. And I mean it, I don't over-exagerate here. No really, the game's hard. You got it? Do you still have casual blood? Nooo? Then let's continue.The premise is simple: reach The Nuclear Throne. How wonderfully unsimple that sounds. And to reach the throne, you have to guide your little addorable mutant over from the campfire through a boundless onslaught carnage that awaits you ahead. Lovely.And these mutants, oh, they are done very well and simple: everyone has a passive, an active ability, and a cool b-skin, which we'll mention in a tad bit. Since there are a total of 12 characters+2 secret ones, you can imagine there's a lot of diversity involved, each offering its own challenge, too. For an example:-You've got Crystal. She's unlocked from the start, has 2 extra passive hp(from 8 to 10) and the active ability to shield at will, which deflects projectiles and she's overall immune to damage while shielding. I say overall loosely.-And then you've got Melting. He's got straight up 2 hp and gains more rads(xp), and coming with his crippling health and depression is his active ability to blow up corpses. How is that useful? The explosions remove projectiles and damage enemies. Coming with his special mutation, all you're gonna hear late game is going to be pretty much BLAARGHBLERHG BALAAAARHG BLREHG etc. as you exit the level with no witnesses.So yeah, very well designed characters.The gameplay itself is fast paced, the bullets are fast, some enemies are fast, but the most important thing that you have to remember is:Everything. Is.OVERPOWERED!It's ranging from enemies, to damage, to your own damn weapons(looking at you, SPC). The best way to avoid the unavoidable death is to be good at dodging and never go head-on into danger. That includes your pick-ups, which btw enemies drop rads=xp and have a chance to drop ammo or health packs on their corpses. As much as I've played, few have been the runs that ended because of lack of ammunition, but it could happen if you just cannot aim for the life of you.Speaking of xp, your mutants will level if you picked up enough rads, which grants mutations, and pretty a lot of them can change the course of your game, ranging from more health, homing bolts, and even a very special mutation that differs form one to another. As how much it is different I can say it is game changing for the most part, and I'll let you find out for yourself what does what ;)Another thing is that once you hit level ultra(10, that being), you gain the choice between two character-specific mutations, and all I can say is that they're awesome, since if I have to take each one apart, it'll cover the entire review.Moving onto the levels, now THIS is where the RNG stands in. The layouts of all levels change drastically, from open space all the way to tiny ity-bitty corridors. I won't even mention the spawns, those awaken the PTSD in me. Each particular level has its own enemies, which again, they're so many, it'll take a long time, but I can say that for the most part of weapons in the game, there is an enemy that does the exact same thing. Close enough, anyway.Once you have defeated thefinal boss, you are given the option toloopthe game, which  means you are put all the way to zone 1, all mutations, current weapons, and all enemies are stronger and cluster-♥♥♥♥ed at once. As you can imagine, the best way to put this is ""good luck"".The crowns. At some point in the game you will encounter a statue, it collects rads, spawns a portal and you get yourself a cool crown. Awesome, yes? Right? For the most part, the crowns are a tad bit underwhelming, and for the most part they're not even helpful. With the exception of Crown of Blood, of course. Esentially, they have to give you an upside and a downside, which it's called a trait, btw. Some of the downsides however are excruciating: no health drops, no ammo drops, SPAWN AT ONE HEALTH EACH LEVEL. As much as the devs tried their best to make the crowns useful, I still think all of them are a myth, as the only true crown is Crown of Blood.Oh yes, almost forgot the B-skins mentioned earlier. The crowns and these skins are the supposed challenges of the game. In order for each crown to be unlocked on a character you have to loop with it, and now for each B-skin it has got its own requeiremens. The unlock process ranges from easy to tedious in a blitz. It can have you go to a secret level on the second stage all the way to beating the third boss on a loop. In the end, we can all agree the skins are looking slick and much more handsome than your starting character. So I'd say are worth it.tl;dr To be frank with you I have mixed feelings about this game. Not about love and hate, mind you, but more like, for how much it has been in early access, it could have been greater than this. But for what it is, it's a good masochistic game to kill some time on. Most of the runs from start to finish are usually 15 minutes, the unmentioned soundtrack in the review is quite beautiful to listen to, and overall this is the best adrenaline rush I've played in my life. I'm sure in the upcoming years, one student will beat this master, but for how it is now, it's the best one of its kind out there. The grade I'm willing to give to this game is an 8/10. Definetly recommend.This has been your random reviewer, signing off. Peace!"
,Recommended,242680,21234624,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,eb,Mad Max: Fish Roll
,Recommended,242680,10976747,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,FranckyFox2468,"As ridiculous as it might sound, this is literally like binding of isaac with guns! (It also has co-op and tons of fun characters)"
76561198041818735,Recommended,242680,26919470,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alocarra,Don't stand on the red carpet.
,Recommended,242680,17782523,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,#1 Employee,"die and pick your♥♥♥♥♥up againit's what a rougelike should be and more.I came in after seeing it referenced in Hotline Miami 2 (another good game)and decided to check it out, wasn't dissapointed. Started off by barely getting to the 3rd level on my first run and 150 hours later i'm close to being able to beat the final boss two times without dying. If you want a game that will last, suck your time away and make you come back for more, buy this game"
,Recommended,242680,17290785,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[воом] Thou Kanighit,"do i receommend this game? well thats a stupid question, i love the game i love everything about it: the art, the music, gameplay in general, and so much more. i know i havnt been playing the game long but still, i can tell ill be playing long after i reach the nuclear throne. Trust me, if you reach the nuclear throne, i will be impressed, becouse this game is hard, yet so addictive. its a great game and its early access, think of how great it will be when its 1.0.( I recommend melting)10/10(YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE)"
,Recommended,242680,20620726,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,[P] Schlongy,"So the reviews say its hard for beginners, eh? I've played a good bit of Isaac, so i should be fine. *proceeds to die repeatedly on the second and third stage*. Gr8 game 8/8 would  die again...and again...and again."
76561198021213351,Recommended,242680,16773600,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Abezeth,"You did not reach the Nuclear Throne.You shall see the above text hundreds, maybe thousands of times before getting past the first three zones.But the lure of the Throne is a Siren's Song you cannot ignore. Yes, your life is hard. Still, you must try.The Throne is all that keeps you going. Can you find it? Will anyone ever find it? No one has touched it since...But what of the world that used to be? There used to be trees here. The air was once clean, waters once clear.Your gruelling journey will only ever end with the sitting upon the Throne, if the Legends prove true.The only hope you can have true faith in now is the Throne. Somehow, deep down, you know.The Throne definitely exists."
76561198072686214,Recommended,242680,9317958,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Fried Chickenballs,Iz fun
,Recommended,242680,19513260,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Doosyno,"It's a great twin-stick shooter with a few RPG and roguelite elements. If you like games like The Binding of Isaac and Dungeon Souls and Neuro Voider, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,242680,10743669,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HLLCRWN,This game is everything I thought it would be and more. I can't wait to pour endless hours into this.
,Recommended,242680,25572791,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,a not so much spooky Fënes,The percet combination between Love and Hateand also fear
76561198107353953,Recommended,242680,19651326,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Roboolet,You can eat rocket launchersYou can dual wield rocket launchersYou can get golden rocket launchersYou can get rocket launchers that shoot 5 rockets at once10/10 would rocket launcher again
,Recommended,242680,24780877,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Conspicuous Amphibian,"The cycle of the Nuclear Throne:>Start a round&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥start, barely any rads>Loose most of your health>1-2, finally enough rads to get a mutation&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥choices for your character>Big bandit wrecks you>Stay determined>ONE MORE ROUND>Awesome start, lots of rads>All the right mutations>Kick Big Bandit's♥♥♥♥♥>Make it all the way to 5-3>So happy>♥♥♥♥ING LIL' HUNTER>dies>rage quit>You contemplate punching your computer monitor>Throw your headset instead>Ductape headset together>Load up Nuclear Throne>Begin at line one"
76561198113521353,Recommended,242680,17491290,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,FFD700,Nuclear Throne is one of my favorite single player games. Super fun and addicting
,Recommended,242680,11783628,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Wild Wild West Man,"Let me start off by saying that Nuclear Throne is by far the most fun I've had with a game like this. The difficulty is just right; as soon as you start giving up, you get somewhere/something you've never gotten before.You should honestly try this game."
,Recommended,242680,12440707,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Felwynd,"One of the most insanely fun and difficult games I've played in a long time, I'll probably be playing this longer than I've played most games.Long live the Chicken!"
,Recommended,242680,15487625,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ショタ男の娘,"Nuclear Throne is a rogue-like twin-stick shooter. You play as one of the many characters and fight to claim your rite to sit on the nuclear throne. There are a lot of weapons, and the difficulty is very high. It's very fast-paced, and extremely enjoyable. The game is constantly being developed, which is really nice. It makes it so there are fresh things almost every week. One drawback is that unlocks (and settings) are reset whenever it updates, which is almost every week. Luckily most of the characters have really easy unlocks and take 1 run to get for the most part. Even if you're one of those people who is wary of early-access games, this game is at an extremely playable state, and even if the game was considered ""finished"" at this point i would still be very happy with it. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes rogue-likes."
,Recommended,242680,16569483,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SkyTryke,"Vlambeers Nuclear Throne is an amazing rougelike, facepaced shooter with dozens of weapons to choose from and a select variety of unique characters to play as. With randomly generated floors, there's limitless gameplay experience, replayability, fun, and mayhem. In addition, Nuclear Throne is continually being fine-tuned and updated being in early access.~Also, fish can roll!~"
,Recommended,242680,16666649,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CoppyCarCorrin,NUCLEAR THRONE LIITERALLY BEST 13 DOLLA EVA SPENT. THE ONLY PROB IS I CANT GET TO THE ♥♥♥♥ING NUCLEAR THRONE. U NEED TO MAKE CHICKEN OP MORE SO I CAN WIN. I HAV ALL KAWAII CHARACTERS IT WAS EZ P-Z. THIS GAME IS ROGUE-LIKE.........NAW MORE LIKE.....GOD-LIKE
,Recommended,242680,10538963,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Fb|| OTP CSGOKingdom.com,"Amazing game, very difficult but would recomend to everyone."
,Recommended,242680,17761051,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Slamtasmagoria,I came.I saw.I rolled.
,Recommended,242680,18513053,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,InfamouZy,"Very fun. Very addicting. Very challenging.If you were ever into rogue-like games, such as The Binding of Isaac, you will enjoy this game."
76561198104311534,Recommended,242680,16746613,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,XXX_D4n_T3h_G4m3r_XXX,i love this game
76561198042151731,Recommended,242680,15420455,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Scusemua,"So far, it's one of the very best games I've ever played. It's action-packed from the very beginning. It's well made, there's lots of different strats and playstyles that you can implement, it's a TON of fun. It's so cheap, I recommend it completely. 10/10"
,Recommended,242680,17722093,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Cappycaps,"10/10, would die trying again."
,Recommended,242680,16631210,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,King Stink,*drools*
76561198044416860,Recommended,242680,16591943,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Señor Bob,"Not only is this game already a ton of fun with infinite replay value, it's one of the few early-access games on Steam that recieves regular, consistant updates and development. It's already worth the price and only improves week-by-week. I'd absolutely recommend it for anyone who loves top-down rogue-like shooters with fast-paced action and a great sense of humor."
,Recommended,242680,10261446,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Amphy,the screen shakes a lot and you shoot the ♥♥♥♥ out of everyone 10/10
76561198064886300,Recommended,242680,14439513,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Lamaman,"Run, Shoot, Kill, Die. Do it again. and again.Smash your controller.and again. and again.Beat the final boss = Become the happiest person on earth.Loop the game.Do it all over again....And maybe find a secret.That is how i play this game. Well done Vlambeer :D"
76561198109895228,Recommended,242680,15921281,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,FrostyFries_,This is a great game and here's why-great soundtrack-fast gameplay-weekly updates-highly inexpensive-highly replayable-very themed and creativeI use this game as something to do when I just want to pass time. I typically just play some music and jam out while playing this game. It is worth the price!
,Recommended,242680,17407824,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cat People,Thank god the other reviewers have spent 50+ hours on this game before making a loop. I've spent 35 and have feelings of inadequacy that only Viagra can cure.
,Recommended,242680,16641955,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,yung jaundice,this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥and you will love every moment of it
,Recommended,242680,16747541,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ruiner,"9/10, wonderful game. Developers that care, intense gameplay, common updates, AND it's rogue-like. The replayability in this game keeps me coming back. Along with the daily system, seeing how well you can compete against others in the world is very fun."
,Recommended,242680,17085938,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Scarabee,"It's Early Access so I'll be easy. Not like I actually review games! AHAHAHAHAHAHAAAaa!!..It's good, fast-paced, fun, and difficult. I like it!You play as Steroids, Steroids, Steroids, and many more Steroids in the Steroids of Fish.Your goal is to get to the Nuclear Throne and [STEROIDSSTEROIDSSTEROIDS]I personally love this game, but it could use more content, new characters, weapons, mutations etc.9/10 would STEROIDS aSTEROIDS."
76561198051369523,Recommended,242680,16986958,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,WallofHooliganism,"Easy enough for anyone to take a swing at, but hard enough that you'll be sinking in quite a few hours if you intend to reach the Nuclear Throne. The guns are varied and the characters all have their own flavor, the finished game is going to be a masterpiece. I recommend that anyone interested in this game buy now, take part in the developement by voicing your opinions and checking out the streams.Oh, and if the screenshake looks nauseating to you, know that you can turn it down or off at anytime."
,Recommended,242680,18025534,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,REDD,if you like The Binding of isaac (any of them but mostly rebirth) you will mostly likely like this game. once again is a 2D pixle inde that actually surprisingly challenging its really fun and you dont have to play through the game to unlock everything if you want
,Recommended,242680,17935310,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PEPSI MAN,This game is incredibly addicting. love it
76561198176767579,Recommended,242680,22582955,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,jetthatguy,play it
,Recommended,242680,21910806,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,MisterTacosSeven,"It's a very fun game full of content. That pretty much sums it up. It can be very addicting if you're the kind of person who sticks with one game and likes to dedicate lots of hours. It's even fun if you like to just pick up and play a run quickly. There are some bugs of course, which I'm not entirely sure if it's just my system. Either way, it's still really great fun, especially with other people.9/10"
76561198075382488,Recommended,242680,18210554,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,jeff,Don't eat the rat meat.
,Recommended,242680,19574741,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mister Fister,"100 hours in, and I just beat the Throne for the first time. Got more than my money's worth from this title. Similar gameplay to Binding of Isaac, but I personally enjoy the style of Nuclear Throne more. Some of the best feeling controls of any shooter. The biggest complaints I've seen are on the 30 fps cap and lack of online co-op. Neither of these have had any impact on my enjoyment of this game.EDIT: Online co-op has been added as a supported mod! Done by a single developer, YellowAfterlife. Easy to install and works wonderfully."
,Recommended,242680,16553601,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ziberian,"Almost 250 hours in... I can say that this game is a great game and it is becoming even better with updates, being able to mod, dailies are back on the track,thronebutt.com... It's just a great game."
,Recommended,242680,28849978,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PopCanSoda,"Great game. Best rogue like I've seen, and probably my favourite game of all time."
,Recommended,242680,15240990,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,✰Spooksune Miku✰,"You can play as a guitar playing fish, and animated crystal, a fleshy creature with multiple eyeballs, melting vanilla ice cream, a flesh-eating plant, a gun specialized illuminated triangle, a living steroid, WALL-E, a ninja chicken, a rebellious towel, and a futuristic african american. JUST SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY"
,Recommended,242680,13989407,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Duskkar,"Nuclear Throne is a simple top down shooter. A perfect collision of The Binding of Isaac, Teleglitch, and any good bullet-hell. This game is fun, fast, and easy to get into but hard to stop. This is going to be one of the games I am going have trouble putting down."
76561198078056442,Recommended,242680,9649812,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Swaggy Pikachu,"One of the Best Games I have played. Haven't played that long but I'm already addicted to it. Doesn't get repetitive and is actually quite difficult. I really recommend this game. Vlambeer deserves a lot of praise for this. Best Indie Game I've ever seen and kinda pricey, but totally worth it in my opinion. Hope you guys support Vlambeer by getting this game.Nuclear Throne is the Best!~SwagMaster PikachuUpdate #1Local Co-op sounds really cool, Definitely adds more fun moments to the game when playing with your friends. I hope there's more cool additions to the game like Online Multiplayer and maybe even up to 4 players.This game is soooo worth it right now.~SwagMaster PikachuUpdate #2A lot of cool Easter Eggs for the game such as skins for the characters and cool chambers.~SwagMaster PikachuUpdate #3Loving the Updates coming out. What I'm looking for is a new character to play! :DUpdate #4Horror is really hard to get but soooo worth. His Passive Mutant he starts off with is extremely good. I also like how they added the Patience Mutant. It helps a lot. Vlambeer is doing a great job and getting this game on the right track. :)"
,Recommended,242680,20310933,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,WOKE,"In a nutshell, Nuclear Throne is extremely fun, difficult and addictive. I highly recommend it, but it is not for the faint of heart."
76561198037380895,Recommended,242680,18466520,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Petrichor,"Bad spawns on 5-3 end 80% of my runs, but hey, thats video games.Good hard fun, good soundtrack, many tears, hate yourself, cry more, shoot things, press b.#VERIFYVENUZ"
76561198073519447,Recommended,242680,32718433,Posted: 24 June,all,Kazakeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee,This game is very hard but good. I think they should make it like so you can choose easy medium and hard beacuse players like me get stuck and then leave the game. But overall the game is great go buy it its real fun!
76561198113331338,Recommended,242680,19553185,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Roasty My Toasty,You can play as a triangle that is the god of all money.
,Recommended,242680,32840967,Posted: 26 June,all,PersianVersion,"Very fun. This game has a great variety with different weapons, characters, mutations, and some cool secret areas. It never feels unfair. I keep coming back to it, and it never fails to be fun."
,Recommended,242680,27571764,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,god im lonely.,very very good game 10/meme xd
76561198098056666,Recommended,242680,21245121,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,E in,This game is a abusive relationship.
,Recommended,242680,21277073,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Watchoutforthosewristrockets,The game costs 11.99$ but they do not mention that it will cost you social life and your comunication with your famliy
,Recommended,242680,31632513,Posted: 8 May,all,Antidote,Hard game
76561198100182992,Recommended,242680,28177292,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mr.F3zTheGuy,"Nuclear Throne is a beautifully made rogue-like top down shooter. It looks visually astounding, doing alot with the pixel art style, and the fast-paced action keeps you going for more. There is a wide variety of weapons ranging from conventional firearms such as machine guns and shotguns to more outrageous guns that shoot lightning and fire. The soundtrack sets the mood very well, and the characters are very diverse with their appearances and unique play styles."
76561198071837550,Recommended,242680,26327038,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tsuki,Fish Can Roll.
,Recommended,242680,21309280,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Jerkwad,im not very good at this game
76561198089760956,Recommended,242680,18929657,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Silhouette | イコゼー!,"Nuclear Throne tells the haunting tale of a group of lost souls seeking to reach the sacred Nuclear Throne, where the proto-mutant once sat. It's a bruting, punishing game where one slip up can cost you your run. If you enjoy dying over and over again, buy this game. Then unlocks are satisfying and the game is addictive as hell. The OST is otherworldly. If you like The Binding Of Isaac, you'll love Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,242680,15284537,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Mental Illness Fondue Pot,"Real review time!Like explosions? BUY IT!Like giant, over-the-top guns? BUY IT!Like having the game glitch so you have a boss fight on 1_1? BUY IT!Like shooting a grenade launcher and hitting a cactus and blowing yourself up? BUY IT!Like portals opening under cars and killing you? BUY IT!Like giant chairs coming to life and launching balls of radiation at you? BUY IT!Hate Lil' Hunter and everything about him? You already have this game and love it.gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8"
,Recommended,242680,10481042,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Lord Weh,"Fast, fun and frequently updated. Nuclear Throne is highly replayable and satisfying.The enemies are varied, the guns each feel different and there's a decent level of strategy over randomness with weapon, mutation and character selection. It feels quite balanced, even whilst in early access, and Vlambeer tweak and update the game on a very frequent schedule (about weekly, so far as I have seen).There is the promise of eventual online co-op and perhaps a versus mode too, but even without those I would recommend the game."
,Recommended,242680,25185458,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hyper Active Pyro,Every time I go to sit down I'm worried that my chair will start rolling towards me firing lasers
76561198071920117,Recommended,242680,21037647,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PAN,The videogame equivelent of heroin.Need I say more
76561198094729842,Recommended,242680,18478133,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,cuber1717,"Skill based top-down action shooter. Amazing game with great developers, gameplay, and community."
,Recommended,242680,21997368,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ducky,"I love rogue-like games, and this by far has to be my favourite.10/10 would commit mass genocide again ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,242680,16078310,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Evan_N,"Nuclear Throne is a game that I see myself playing for years to come. It has an incredibly high skill ceiling, a huge amount of variety in characters and abilities to mix things up, and tons of options to increase the level of challenge. It's one of the few commercial games that fully captures the feeling of limitless challenge that a game like Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup does. Like Crawl, I can get to the point where I can consistently beat the game with one character over and over, but what about post-game loops? What about other characters? What about beating the game with a difficult crown?This is the kind of game where you get as much difficulty and challenge as you put into it, and I think that is what gives it the lasting appeal of the classic roguelikes. Add to that an amazing update schedule that makes early access actually fun to participate in and Vlambeer's famous style and this is easily one of my favorite games of all time. I've got just under 100 hours under my belt and the game isn't even out yet, and I anticipate putting in many more over the next few years."
76561198055686497,Recommended,242680,28261399,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Xanister,"Welcome to the Resistance of Energy Screwdrivers, join me as we make our journey to prison shank everyone and everything in this game. Little Hunter rates 10/10 fastest death."
,Recommended,242680,11982454,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,"After a month of not playing, I came back to discover the game was ruined... Why?It's too easy now, I shouldn't be able to kill little hunter just by using the default weapon you spawn with (chicken's sword) I'll write something if the game gets harder I guess, but I quit for nowalso add another +300 hours of playtime since half the time i delete steam.dll so I can play NT without it showing it on steam (because otherwise my friends might get competetive and try to compare score despite 1/4 of the game being RNG/luck) Also the fact that I play this during class/on a trip when I don't have steam installed or open."
,Recommended,242680,16950231,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Le Tharja,lil hunter op pls nerf
,Recommended,242680,16408265,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"Solid action roguelike.  My only beef is that the beginning levels become tedious as they're fairly easy and predictable.  Reasonably variety in characters, weapons, and items.  The aesthetic is all over the place but it's well-executed, especially in the sound design."
,Recommended,242680,17024656,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Obvious,"One of the better roguelikes out there, combining it with bullet hell elements and a passive and active ability for each (unlockable) character. Kinda like risk of rain meets bastion, with a sprinkle of rogue legacy, and even some magicka due to the co-op aspects."
,Recommended,242680,15899429,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,xxMog,"This game, has it's bugs, and downfalls - but that is expected from an Early Access Game.When I bought the game, I jumped right in and must have been killed at least 30 - 40 times.But honestly, I just kept getting back into it.This game, is honestly so fun, bunch of weapons, cool characters and a great concept.ONLY downfall i have, is the menu.but other than that i would give this game..8.9 lazer pistols out of 10"
,Recommended,242680,16270111,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,EdG3LoRd,its fun but hard
76561198005300509,Recommended,242680,17005558,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*: ･ﾟ✧,amazing game
76561198023307116,Recommended,242680,17005775,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Direwolf-1,"I've only played this game for a short time, but I can already tell you that I'll play it a lot more.  It's a great little game for chilling out and just having a blast.  There are plenty of unlocks (including a few characters( to shoot for.  In general, the game is just fun, and I enjoy that it keeps track of things like number of kills, longest run, and so forth"
76561198070038408,Recommended,242680,17160121,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,DEUS VULT,awesome little game that shows alot of potential especially when the devs are updating this game every sunday still got a little bit to go with bugs like crashes (which are few and far between) and unfinished features but stand with this game to the end and it would be worth itpros:-fun rogue-like game-a lot of character variationcons:-in early access so a lot of unfinsihed features and bugslove it at the moment and would seriously recommend if u love rogue-like and a lot characters with each individual skill sets that can be used differently every time see if you can get the loop :D
,Recommended,242680,21048552,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,That Man Melvin,"Nuclear Throne will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, will make you mad, will make you spam the ESC-key untill you see your desktop. BUt everytime you ragequit you will come back to the game the next day, if not within 10 minutes.THe game is very challenging and will definately be hard, but once you get the hang of it, you get further and further, facing new enemies, new bosses and bigger challenges.Great replayability and also a great community.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,16799742,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,pindley,"This game is just pure fun, it understands what it wants to be as a piece of entertainment and accomplishes everything it sets out to do and more. I don't recommend very many games but Nuclear Throne is easily 11/10, even in the early access state. I cannot wait to see what this game and its already substantial community turns into over the coming months and even years."
76561197961110784,Recommended,242680,21781772,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Lapa,Best spended 10$  in my misareable life....
,Recommended,242680,10314452,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,GeneralTso,super hard and the randomness is so awesome.  ten characters and tons of replayability.  contorls are super tight and responsive.  really a steal for 13 bucks.
,Recommended,242680,14703604,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Butt,"In the time it'll take you to read this review, you could have bought this game already, and have been in the process of downloading it.Do it, I say!"
76561197983883664,Recommended,242680,10617185,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,everythingisnothing42,"Great game and challenging. Can't wait to see what the completed game is like. It constantly draws you back in for another round, each time hoping you can progress further than before. Sometimes you get far and feel satisfied, other times you blow yourself up with a grenade in the first few levels! I recommend having something ready to punch while playing to avoid permanent damage to your computer."
,Recommended,242680,22189368,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Skysion,"I believe that Nuclear Throne is one of the best Rogue-Likes out there. It's a very difficult game that brings a lot of challenges your way. If you're into these types of games, you will spend hours playing this. Many of those hours will be spent grinding your teeth at the frustratingly challenging levels and bosses, but you'll probably be having fun anyways."
76561198195779749,Recommended,242680,22197785,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,coma.ZIP,"honestly, one of the best games i have ever played. though i find it incredibly difficult, i cant seem to stop playing."
,Recommended,242680,20437807,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,The boneless inquisition,gg
76561198139808788,Recommended,242680,16252646,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Styrofoamer,"Ok, so you can play as:A rolling fish.A crystal woman.A Melting man who can explode corpses.A blue telekinetic thing with a bunch of eyes.Illuminati.A Roided-up scientist.A Robot That eats guns.A plant that wants to kill everything.A chicken that can slow down time.A bandit that can spawn allies.A dog-thing made of radiation.A rouge member of the Inter-Dimentional Police Department.You did not reach the Nuclear Throne10/10"
76561198095698847,Recommended,242680,21001111,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,mituna mcmuffet,beutiful graphics 10/10 i swerbrings new meaning to bullet hellchallenges that make me want to 100% the whole thingnew to the game? you will die... alot...
,Recommended,242680,19768356,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Spook Terry,#verifyvenuz
76561197987733274,Recommended,242680,19967788,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,alexsamuraiuuu,Get this game foo'
,Recommended,242680,9664448,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Dr. Meme,"The game is fun and challenging as hell! You can die in seconds but every step you make towards the throne gets you more and more excited as nervous. It's one of those games where you can play 5 minutes before you go out and no matter how far you lose, you jump right back to it with the same passion."
76561198057336982,Recommended,242680,21609624,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Tom,Killed a sentient chair as the Illuminati10/10
76561198069541912,Recommended,242680,21529755,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Anton The Outlaw,"420/10 BEST GEM, WOULD DIE A 911TH TIME"
,Recommended,242680,21606788,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,crocodibli,ive only played like 5 seconds of this game
,Recommended,242680,16141118,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ωmega Guy,"One of the best fast pace, rouge-like games out right now which constantly gets updated within all areas. Provides hours of fun and diversity"
,Recommended,242680,21248907,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CobaltBW,"This is the kind of rougelike I've been waiting for for a LONG time. And it's pretty ♥♥♥♥in' good.It's a fast-paced, skill-based shmup rougelike where you shoot enemies and collect items in randomly generated levels.  You're challenged to dodge projectiles, mind your ammo, use special abilities and strategically choose from a wide array of weapons and upgrades for the most optimal runs. Like most rougelikes, it's brutally hard, but what I think separates this rougelike from most of the others is its attention to balance and its surprising level of fairness. Most if not all items and characters the game offers are great for their own reasons, but more importantly, bad situations can always be turned around if you think fast; nearly every death I've ever had occurred because I was careless, didn't watch my back, or I miscalculated while dodging hellfire. There are virtually no instant kills in this game, and cheap shots just don't exist. That being said, you can expect your HP to get whittled down very quickly if you're not careful, so don't get cocky!The unlockable characters cover every character archetype under the sun (speedster, tank, glass cannon, crowd control, dual wielder, berserker, etc.), and they all play quite differently thanks to having dramatically different special abilities... the farther you get into the game, the more compelling each unlockable gets. Coupled with the weapons and upgrades (called ""mutations"") upon levelling up, this allows for a multitude of different ways to experience the game. The levels themselves are also quite varied and full of secrets.And if you want to do something a little less random, the game offers Daily and Weekly seed challenges. The Daily seed locks the map generation and mutations, and you're challenged to play through it once to achieve a high score on daily leaderboards. Weekly seeds are available Friday through Sunday and can be played through multiple times, but you're locked into a character, a special weapon and one of twelve game-modifying ""crowns"".Aesthetically and soundwise, the game is oozing with style. Environments and characters are vibrant, cartoony, well-animated and original, taking full advantage of the pixel aesthetic. The rock-oriented soundtrack is upbeat and atmospheric, followed by background sound effects for added ambience. There's no ""dialogue"" per se, but many of the ingame characters add spice to the atmosphere through unintelligable quips and one liners spoken in an alien language.If you like a challenge, random levels, and fast paced shootemup action, get this game. Like, I wouldn't even wait for a sale, it's just good."
,Recommended,242680,14995811,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,TZero,Excellent game.Early acces done right.Vlambeer is the bee's knee's
76561197974122867,Recommended,242680,20382777,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,AwakenMyMasters,"If you liked the original binding of issac, this game is for you. In binding of issac it's possibly to become op based on the items rnjesus blesses you with. In this game, only skill will see you to end. I honestly don't know if I'll ever beat that jet pack ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198134565642,Recommended,242680,20614125,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,velkito,"I did not like Binding of Isaac when I watched it streamed (the art style put me off). I liked Our Darker Purpose, though not as much. It's good and charming but kinda slow. So why am I loving this? Because it's good and charming and hectic, and you're having fun even when you don't really know what you're doing or what comes next!Update: Around hour 100. Send help! I'm stuck in a loop(heh) of mediocrity! I loop rarely, and I want to get better. Most of all, I want to unlock crowns of blood, but I want to do so fairly, instead of through editting game files. This week's weekly shows how damn fun crown of blood can be with YV and guitar."
76561198101687807,Recommended,242680,14797819,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,J A Y _ L E N O,"Attempt number 1,604,397 at attempting to recreate the sound Melting makes as he enters the wasteland.Attempt fruitless."
,Recommended,242680,16081381,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,legg,its really good and you should buy it
76561197964518049,Recommended,242680,13773953,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Thiccolas Cage,Most realistic game on Steam: everyone dies
76561198055795011,Recommended,242680,11980319,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,↓ʘmega↑,"BWWAAAUGHAUGHUGHUGH- Melting, 2014"
,Recommended,242680,20403646,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,K2,"After almost 60 hours I haven't even gotten remotely close to finishing the gameI find itincredibly ♥♥♥♥ing frustratingvery enjoyable. This game is probably what would happen if Borderlands and The Binding of Isaac has a child, and that child later grew up with Fallout. In my opinion the best arcade-style shooter  2015/2016"
,Recommended,242680,19517999,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TheOrphanedKitten,"I can't recommend this game enough.If you like rogue games you are going to love this game.Hard as hell, but making farther brings its own rewards in forms of guns, mutations, and death."
,Recommended,242680,17741386,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,CupCray [DFS],You shoot enemies.You go though diffirent areas.Bullethell game.This actully sums this game up. Get it while you still can in early access. It gets weekly an update.
76561198098778301,Recommended,242680,11982034,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Vape,Fired a nuke at rats 10/10 best game ever
,Recommended,242680,17477983,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Mostly Childish,"This game is a perfect mix of gameplay and... ""You did not reach the nuclear throne"" But I'm not salty or anything.I could not think of a good review, so just know that I recommend it."
,Recommended,242680,12297840,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Minty Fresh,"It's great, play it"
,Recommended,242680,14334002,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,[DA] ZettaiRoren,"An insanely addictive over-head rogue-like shooter that I just didn't steal from the tags. You can choose from a variety of weapons in the actual game, like a bazooka, a laser pistol, or even a screwdriver. It reminds me of Hotline Miami, but with more bullets per screen and AI that doesn't turn a dime, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.I also highly recommend trying out their other games, like Super Crate Box, Luftrausers, and Gun Godz. Please, please support this developer. They are a bunch of awesome people."
,Recommended,242680,14290380,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,new,"Hectic, took me a while to get used to it. But once I got the hang of it, I started having a lot of fun with it."
76561198065175150,Recommended,242680,16333883,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Einao,This game is very addicting!
76561198062362363,Recommended,242680,13799424,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Notsoslimshady,"Vlambeer is incredibly lively in their community and this is seen in their consistent updates and upkeep of an already amazing, must-have, rogue-like, Nuclear Throne. That being said, this isn't for the light hearted beginners."
76561198081778172,Recommended,242680,10393992,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,s_e_m_82,"nice smal shooting game with cute pixel optic, fast and furious ;-)but i hate you guys realy for deleting my stats with every update :-("
76561198045226700,Recommended,242680,16324974,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Crazedunicorn,"Awesome game, tons of replayability."
,Recommended,242680,13737614,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Shoen,"This is one of the hardest games i've ever played that still is a hell of alot fun to play even if you die miserably everytime and don't even achieve ANYTHING.Although i DO recommend this game to everyone, i have to warn you. If you don't put alot of time into you won't be able to get to the Throne even once if you aren't a natural talent at it.Purchase with caution but seriously, purchase!"
,Recommended,242680,28738556,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,HYPER ONE,"This game is the right kind of challenging that'll♥♥♥♥♥♥you off just enough to where you won't want to give up and make you say ""Ok, one more time"" over and over again.  I still haven't beaten this game but each playthrough is a complete adrenaline rush.  Play this with a friend you will have fun for hours on end."
76561198175785095,Recommended,242680,29317546,Posted: 17 January,all,Hamel,"THE PERFECT GAME FOR ROGUE-LIKE LOVERS.This game is the best rouge-like game I've ever seen. Beautiful characters, weapons and enemy designs, great soundtracks, and cool stories and concepts. This, is the masterpiece. Trust me. You won't regret."
,Recommended,242680,27469417,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dylamb,this game is really good. theres only a few downsides. ALOT of bugs with out the NTT mod. no online multiplayer with out NTT. so just install the mod (unless you want to do NT 100%. legit first. its fine). its free (unless you dont own nuclear throne. then just buy it)
,Recommended,242680,26876389,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Capeta,"Owning this game since EA... Pop pop, this game is cool...A veryfied gem famous around all planets including Venus.Reasons to spend your monyz:[x] Big Gunz[x] Monys[x] Bullet hell[x] Isometric roguish kind of[x] Hell of good OSTReasons not to:[  ] None of your biznizBTW: you just need a small mod and you can play it online with your cuz.11/10 would play again (and again, and again, and again...)"
76561198054962087,Recommended,242680,26913020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Random Bystander,Pretty good
76561198160608974,Recommended,242680,22662259,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bloody Scumbag,I didn't reach Nuclear Throne.10/10 would try to reach Nuclear Throne again.
,Recommended,242680,22113347,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Pitch,lol people who give this a thumbs down because they are bad at it.
,Recommended,242680,27854455,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Samson,"No matter how many times you die, no matter how many things you kill.... YOU WILL GET THAT BUTT ON THE THRONE.... You just gotta learn how to you know... Not die."
,Recommended,242680,26919395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,walrus,"Nuclear throne is the perfect game that you can visualize how better you get at it the more you play it. At first you suck, but give it some time and you get the hang of it and it bevomes an addiction. It is perfect for quick runs when you have just 10 minutes of time."
,Recommended,242680,28688455,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kantmanden,"'Over 100 guns', best weapon is a shovel. 10/10"
,Recommended,242680,26582855,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,gui,the throne definitely exists!
,Recommended,242680,26919004,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Burt Muston,Hit a large radioactive chair with several nuclear missles and an acoustic guitar with the power of five 10 ton trucks traveling at the speed of sound10/10
76561198082552419,Recommended,242680,26045053,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,barnaba,I hate it.
76561198074076427,Recommended,242680,22105142,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,VincE,"My Nuclear throne experience-Woke up in the morning,-decided to use steroids.,-Walked around and found a lightning shotgun,-and a double barrel flame shotgun,-I'm dual wielding two extreme shotguns, becoming a LASER VOLCANO,-realised they use the same ammo type,-now i'm out of ammo,-hid in a little cave and found a wrench,-now its me against the hordes of enemies,-shout battlecry-die-and then i decided to play Nuclear throne."
76561198046274386,Recommended,242680,22835760,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Jacket,So I made a review on Relic hunters Zero (Play it before you play this its a tutorial) and I said its a more chill version of this game (Which it is) so heres a review: Little Hunter? more like little cunter Dont get me wrong bosses like little cunter are beatable but are just hard where my high score is the throne and that was because of luck. Im not saying nuclear throne in no skill just luck its just you will get lucky before you have skill in this game. Buy it at the risk of punching a wall.
76561198013051847,Recommended,242680,24140846,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ryno,"Some games coddle you and hold your hand.  This game trips you, and then kicks you while you are on the ground.  Random weapon drops and mutations make for a difficult, and frustrating experience.  Feels like how survival in a nuclear apocalypse might actually be: somewhat unfair.  Sure feels good when you manage to survive a while.  Few games are like this, and i love it."
76561198073153194,Recommended,242680,22617871,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ActiveGreen,airhorn.wav
,Recommended,242680,22638749,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Grimlock,This game is like the feeling you get when you pick that really big dry bugger out of your nose.Deeply satisfying.
,Recommended,242680,27893723,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Skith,10/10 music and gameplay.
,Recommended,242680,27704274,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lebril,"Very good game, music sets up nice mood, every character feels way different and has his own personality, dynamic gameplay that never gets boring. Although game is punishing you hard for taking even 1 shot it's fun to play it and I definetely recommend you to buy this game and delve into it"
76561198173851899,Recommended,242680,22480610,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Synatacks,Pretty clever 10/10 would fail melting run again
,Recommended,242680,28901152,Posted: 1 January,all,Ozmiander,YV is MY Gun God.
,Recommended,242680,23661460,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,rtrb,3C33
,Recommended,242680,27054423,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dolpd,"The game that manages best to fill the player with adrenaline to such an extent that you might even faint. So be ready for the absolute carnage and obliteration of everything on your screen(given you're good enough not to die on the first floors, because the game doesn't pull many punches) and for the bullet-hell-like situation you'll find yourself in as you play more and more.Nuclear Throne is very easy to pick up, it has extremely fast sessions(depending on how fast you go, or how fast you die, obviously) and it is the perfect game for someone who just wants to blow everything/everyone(even him/herself) up. While it doesn't have a detailed story, it still has some snippets here and there from which a person could come up with his own theory(though very limited, I must admit). It has a wide variety of weapons, characters, mutations(level-ups) and secrets.All in all, the game offers hours of fun and it's not hard to get into."
76561198142333596,Recommended,242680,28848413,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DeepDarkFantasy,"It's a very good and interesting game. However, it can be very hard if you are not 100% focusing on it."
,Recommended,242680,22820312,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ardisan,Strugglies to get through the Big Dog boss and dies by a exploding car when portal opens.Good game!
,Recommended,242680,23800819,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,萎縮,"i'd give this game a solid ""you did not reach the nuclear throne"" out of ten."
,Recommended,242680,27874537,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PoptartBarbarian,"One of my favorite games on Steam, no matter how many times I have been upset at it."
76561198140423113,Recommended,242680,27574565,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,☁,is good
,Recommended,242680,27296785,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xyzmonk101,"This game is just amazing. If you are looking for a pick-up game that has total mayhem. this is the one for you. I wouldn't suggest this for people who don't want to face failure after failure, because thats basically what you will get from this game. But if you like to play a game that rewards you for your risks, then get this game."
,Recommended,242680,26872159,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crafthog,"If i ever would spend 10 hours straight on something it would be this game.I might go far but i will die. Alot. This game is hard as nails. Yet it uses it as its selling point really, as when you die you're able to jump right back into the frantic massicare that unveils as you play.This game is high action and remorseless as you can and will be a puchbag at times and any enemy can kill you. Its how easy it is that matters because as much as I hate to admit it I have died to bandits (whom are very weak) quite alot due to my clumsness but that made it sweeter as I kirb-stomped them the next run.All the characters play much differently to each other and all the foes you face will also be varied so you have to know how to face them succesfully. That is of corse if you want to go far, but who wouldn't want to?"
76561198117307019,Recommended,242680,20319934,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The Dogaboo,"Leveled upGot Bolt MarrowMonsters accuse me of aimbot*You've been banned from NT servers, dirty hacker*10/10"
,Recommended,242680,20549878,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,GHO,"Very weighty combat, interesting setting and characters as well as various secrets to unlock. A 'rogue-lite' that relies more on player skill than RNG, instead of The Binding of Isaac think along the lines of Rogue Legacy in terms of skill Vs luck. Enemies and characters are designed very well, but depending on your taste the visual style may be lacking. Be aware going in that the game is difficult but is rarely unfair. This is definitely one of my favourites in the 'rogue-lite' genre, the soundtrack is also very good."
,Recommended,242680,20383700,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Swanky Toast,"I would do daily's as Crystal instead of doing homework any-day.I would die 30 times to get a golden weapon on Steroids instead of doing homework any-day.I would fail loops as Fish instead of doing homework any-day.I would run out of rads at the wrong time while playing Horror instead of doing homework any-day.I would die on 3-1 as Melting every time instead of doing homework any-day.I would get an auto-crossbow and a laser sword with bolt marrow, long arms and laser brain then die on 1-1 L1 instead of doing homework any-day.I would get throne butt, stress and trigger fingers on Y.V. with ultra A and a super plasma cannon then die to a maggot instead of doing homework any-dayI hate homework.This game is better than homework."
,Recommended,242680,16757619,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ᄃ1ПGᄂ,"Review for Nuclear ThronePros:- Challenging- Amazing Pixel Work- Unique Characters and Abilities- Very AddictingCons:- ""YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE!""SummaryNuclear Throne is a very fun, quirky, fast-paced dungeon crawler that requires you to have quick reflexes and a sharp eye to reach your ultimate goal of taking a seat on the throne. Vlambeer have definately outdone themselves this time, as Nuclear Throne is one of the best games to ever hit Steam. With quick gameplay, excellently made sprites and  challenging enemies, Nuclear Throne is a must play game and is a brillaint way to pass the time. Vlambeer is also dedicated to updating the game every week so there is always something new to experience, and you can be sure that bugs will be removed swiftly. Even if you are tired of doing the same thing over and over, you can increase the difficulty by selecting different game changers (Crowns) that change the way you'll play the game.Sure there are a few bugs in the game, but every game has them and sure, the game can eventually get repetitive, but so does every game. And you can easily adjust the difficulty by selecting different crowns.ConclusionTo conclude this review, I would definately recommend buying Nuclear Throne if you are looking for something different and want a good challenge."
,Recommended,242680,20279527,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,⎛⎝ Beast ⎠⎞,"Rogue-like Half Bullet hell top down shooter.I would say the stock price is a bit much, but all in all it is a game with a lot of enjoyment and room for improvement, as well as plenty of late-game stuff you probably won't see for hours, so there's something to work towards!"
,Recommended,242680,20231224,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Czaros,"A short review for onceNuclear Throne is an awesome rogue-like fast action game made in Game Maker Studio. It features easy-to-learn, hard-to-master gameplay that works really well and it is a really addictive ""one more round"" kind of game. The soundtrack is amazing as well. My only complaint is the occasional game-crashing errors. (most often an error in the step event for the characrter select sprite/onject).Should you buy this game? Yes."
,Recommended,242680,22239740,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bartmeister,It's real goose
,Recommended,242680,21677565,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,JumSirBum,Honestly this is my favorite game.Robot is bae #2<3 JW(vote for steam awards!)
,Recommended,242680,18688077,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,rxg | Birdman,I like this game for an odd reason. It resembles my feces. Hard. I have IBS.
,Recommended,242680,20940167,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Gúppi,i killed lil' hunter
,Recommended,242680,20555397,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,majofps,two words..Lil Hunter
,Recommended,242680,21341401,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Molio,"Do you wanna die almost all the time?Do you wanna scream at your monitor for all the mistakes you made?Do you wanna rethink your life after dying repeatedly?Do you wanna waste almost all your time playing this fun game?Do you wanna get run over by the throne?Do you wanna get blown up by a car?Do you wanna kill yourself by using the disc gun?Do you wanna keep dying in the desert because your a scrub?Do you wanna get blown up by the nuke or other weapons that use explosives?If so, this is the game for you!11/10 Would recommend this amazing game"
,Recommended,242680,20818755,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,skeletons or whatever,"A great fast paced rogue-like game, with a good selection of unique characters, with different stats and creating a whole different way of playing."
76561198064193828,Recommended,242680,21220727,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,nicebakuretsu,*Me on low health*Spots a large health kit*Dies to mimic............10/10 would flip again
,Recommended,242680,20082893,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bloofus,"Nuclear Throne is one of the most spectacular games I've ever played.The game itself is satisfying, fun, atmospheric, and ever 150 hours in, I keep finding things I've never seen before. It requires skill, but also integrates an element of randomness, and you could play this game thousands of times and it would never get old.There is extreme variety, so that the game never seems repetitive. As you progress through each run, your character develops a playstyle of his/her own, based off of their respective mutations and weapons.This game has provided me with some harrowing and awesome moments, many of which kill me, but the few I get past give me an extreme sense of gratification.It is also one of the few games I actually enjoy watching someone else play.I would reccomend this game to pretty much anyone."
76561198203014600,Recommended,242680,20716130,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Twuster the Twuster the Twuster,"Iz MLg and suchBecuase shooting mutant monsters that only distort further the farther you go is fun.Moar fun tehn the aaa titlesBut really, it's a game I'd recommend.You must shoot your way through a horde of bandits, and later machines, and later abominations, and later the popo, and then mutant popo.It will never end.And then you throw weapons as a chicken.Or reflect bullets as a crystal thing.Yeah.Main them.Or else.You will not reach the Nuclear Throne(tm and such).Just stay far away from the tough-looking Shielder dudes.They will FF♥♥♥♥ you up, man."
76561198095412886,Recommended,242680,17484180,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,zMindBlonw,"With the large amount of fast-paced, not to mention rouge-like games out on the interwebs, this game stands out as a gem. It is updated almost every week (went to a convention for most of the week, came back with PAX pox or something similiar and still managed to release and update). The dev team is devoted to making the game fun. This is superbly shown by the version of the game made for Ster_, plus the massive amount of content. And although I have not reached most of what the game has to offer because I am terrible at the game I know it is there and can not wait to get there.TL;DR This game stands as a light in the murky sea of Rouge-Likes."
,Recommended,242680,16570090,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kyther,"You can be a fish that rolls, a white Illuminati, a guy who's always chased by police in every stage(who also 'explodes' whenever he takes damage), a glob of slime with a deathray....the list goes on! Very shooty, very fun, and difficulty ramps up as time goes by. Nearly weekly updates as well. A great game. Will you make it to the Nuclear Throne?Well, maybe. You'll just die a lot before you do.*Do be aware that certain high level enemies crash the game when you take damage from them :P"
,Recommended,242680,16298922,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,a left nut,"Bought fun looking gameNoticed that there was an illuminati characterClicked 500,000 times everywhereRealised that you have to click at the bottomPressed BAirhorn2mlg4mi420/360 quiksk0pes.10/10 ign"
,Recommended,242680,22117447,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Wayne,Fish can roll
,Recommended,242680,16462237,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Drunkrat,Too MLG for me 10/10
,Recommended,242680,31109348,Posted: 12 April,all,Fundy Mental,"This is one of the only games I've felt compelled to get all the achievements in, and boy howdy are they hard.Great game, memorable soundtrack, and barely a bug to be seen...But trying to play Skeleton.Let's just say I happily traded years of my life in stress for this game.9/10, could've removed the Blood Hammer."
,Recommended,242680,27853012,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vorco Rot-Gut,This game is incredible. Plain and simple.
,Recommended,242680,12434835,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,GoldenWalrus999,Nuclear throne is great. It's very replayable. The choice in characters is diverse and enables different strategies.
,Recommended,242680,10678529,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TheFilmmakeringGuy,"GUNS! EXPLOSIONS! MUTANTS! UPGRAAAAADESSSS!On a more serious note. This game is absolutely incredible. Another amazing creation by Vlambeer, well worth the £10 to buy in  it's current state. Keep it up Vlambeer, I can't wait to see the final product. <3"
76561198111053140,Recommended,242680,15617515,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,c.note,10/10
76561198079347929,Recommended,242680,26987391,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gubba Dawg,Been playing the game almost everyday for over a year.
76561198063863033,Recommended,242680,28109743,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Popinfresh,"This is a tricky one. I love the game, great fun. A nice colletion of characters, abillities and weapons. BUT it has not been patched/upgraded in over 10 months. A change that is particularly shocking after having been patched and updated every week for more than two 2 years. The update was anounced 10 months ago but.... nothing. The worst part is that thier are game breaking bugs still in place. Bugs that existed when the game was first in early access. Check it out, but be aware and steer clear if the above bother you. A tentative yes."
,Recommended,242680,19538161,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,radGeist,"Honestly, this is the best roguelike game i've ever played. I can't find ANY games in the same genre nearly as good as this one. I suggest getting it if you don't have it. Easily worth the money and LOTS of replayability."
76561198184581958,Recommended,242680,19538988,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ThatOneBro,BEST DODGE-ROLLING SIMULATOR EVER
76561198163628625,Recommended,242680,19574799,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Riot,Great game.Who doesn't like a nice super plasma cannon once in a while?
76561197982499921,Recommended,242680,20368196,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Dezus,"Never played something like this.  Best way I can describe is its like a great arcade game, but better."
76561198102310889,Recommended,242680,22035098,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,LostWarrior,"Love this game, so much fun, such a difficult learning curve, but still no matter how good you are, each run will try (suceeds to a lot) screw you over many times. Got a couple things unlocked already, gonna keep playing this for a long time indeed, there is one thing that would make the game even more perfect, co-op with friends/online not just local, because myself and many people can't always make the time to get peopel around, for multiple reasons, other than that, not a single complaint, Vlambeer, you guys did an amazing job with this game."
,Recommended,242680,18124446,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Alf from the hit 80s tv show Alf,Nuclear throne is a great game and the charecters really add new play styles But if you want to buy this game rember you have to be good at video games and you have to play it for a while befor it gets fun and you will get angey why this game is hard and you wont win on your first run hell im 15 hours in and i still havent won but its about the game play and i recommend this game but only if you your good at video games dont rage and your looking for game play
,Recommended,242680,17524801,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,DemonSpud07,This game makes rebirth look like a butterfly's kiss
,Recommended,242680,18270601,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Yung Nuice,This game is worth every chromosome. Up vote my recommendation 4 +1 Inch 2 pp
,Recommended,242680,27919701,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Slothmaw The Third,gud game
,Recommended,242680,19524456,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,slugger,even better now that it's finished
,Recommended,242680,27374095,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sarcasm1000,The soundtrack prevents you from throwing your computer out the window.Plus the tight as hell gameplay.
,Recommended,242680,18206589,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,56740CB1B01CD650501E23220,"GOTY 2015.shoot guys, get bigger guns, reach the throne. brutally difficult."
,Recommended,242680,18479297,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Mr.Tea,"This game has one of the best communities i've ever seen.The gameplay is smooth and as the developers are wrapping up the last bits of the alpha with frequent updates and amazing varied characters, and of course the community is amazing with people like sleepcycles, northernlion, etc streaming with many people making new stratigies and new ideas frequintly i enjoy this game and it's people very much.I strongly recomend!Now that the game is out of early access i must say that... the above still applies. the game is still updated a lot and the community has been going steady. However now we have a more polished game with varied weapons, characters, enemies, and levels.Buy it after looking at gameplay to make sure it's your type of game, it's hard very hard. but rewarding."
76561198126200575,Recommended,242680,17230243,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Spookgreen6,"Nuclear Throne, despite being an indie game, is one of the most incredible games I've ever played. The game's skill limit is almost infinite, the game itself offers a massive challenge, and despite having no story and not even being finished, I can play it for hours and hours, especially with the amount of weapons to use. Buy this game, play it for a while, and you will not regret it."
76561198137660729,Recommended,242680,15847279,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Trump's Therapy Sessions,"It's like if The Binding of Isaac had a cousin, but was more hardcore.10/10 would recommend this game again."
,Recommended,242680,18212228,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Drageras,11/10Here are teh charchterrs:FoshGem ThingNosesFreezingManimalIlluminaziJohn CenaFriday Night DinnerAre You My Mummy?WhorrerAnd Bich pleez
76561198098622296,Recommended,242680,17081767,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,JohnPaulsLotion134,fun. gun. run.
76561198129026943,Recommended,242680,16984870,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,"eats ass once, haha nice",This game made all of my bodily fluids turn into sodium chloride.I hate it.
76561198106242795,Recommended,242680,17065676,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,knytt,great game sadly it runs at 30 FPS
,Recommended,242680,17734551,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,NullenHL2B,"This game can, and will, leave you frothing at the mouth in rage. But like Hotline Miami, you won't want to stop playing it. The game is very addicting and fun and the gameplay is solid. Watch out for Lil' Hunter though, he'll ♥♥♥♥ you up."
76561198151927029,Recommended,242680,18025099,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dedede,Fast-paced addicting gameplay that punches you in the nuts every time.
,Recommended,242680,17365207,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Cloudy with a chance of Islam,Best Rogue-like since Binding of Isaac.This is what a early access should be.10/10 Y.V is so cool
76561198046173574,Recommended,242680,17163772,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mr Loot Bags,"I love this game. This game is fabulous. When your mom walks in and asks what you're doing ""Going steroids, dual screwdrivers."" is always the right answer."
76561198038337779,Recommended,242680,17667145,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Skrt,"I want to start this by saying this is a great game, even though its has its fair shares of flaws. Nuclear Throne is one of my favorate games even thouugh it doesn't show, because the hours I played it I was offline. For a game that is still in development its have countless hours of gameplay and if pretty well developed. There is a crazy amount of weapons and enemies, which are all well rounded and most have variety. It is being updated every Saturday which is nice unlike games like Rust that gets updated every seven or eight months. There are daily runs so you can challenge your freinds and people from around the world.Now to talk about the flaws in the game, there are mostly minor bugs most you wont see. The boss intro screen is pixleated, and some enemies  appear a little low rez but other wise it looks great ( l love the theme that they have designed) The biggest problem I have with the game what keeps me from finishing a run is it has a 30FPS lock, I am so used to playing games at 60 or higher that i have headaces if I play for a while.Final toughts on the game is that there is no reason you should not get this, it is very well rounded and challenging there is countless hours of gameplay and you will definaltly get you moneys woth out of it."
76561198130415895,Recommended,242680,17675629,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Saturnfly,Why is this game so haaaaaaaard?
,Recommended,242680,22106103,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mezian,Died with chicken having 2 medkits right in front of me10/10
76561198064963782,Recommended,242680,22210036,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nonagon_9,Is good game.made me kill my whole family with a wrench.meme/420
76561198095830397,Recommended,242680,22211109,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SHIFTY,uranium seat
76561198004610923,Recommended,242680,21990245,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,LightSparda,"This game is like being trapped in an abusive relationship, you will cry, you will scream, you even wonder why are you doing this to your life and then.... you will come back for some more.It's very beautiful, get the game.PS: Little Hunter will haunt your dreams."
76561198059392133,Recommended,242680,28739747,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,arcane,It is fun. Solid game. Yes.
,Recommended,242680,27730087,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,fodasse sua mae,Best bullet hell i've ever played :^)
,Recommended,242680,27521144,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Strangely Dank Silverware,Yung Venuz is cool
76561198052359125,Recommended,242680,10573909,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Indie Gamer News,No matter how many games I get I keep coming back to this one.
,Recommended,242680,18284824,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,NecroSpine,This game is really cool although it's really reeaally hard
,Recommended,242680,7378751,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Mark Venturelli,Simply the best game ever made.
,Recommended,242680,18021235,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Umbaflarg,"It's been a while since all I could say about a game was that is was fun. Like, outrageously so. I play this, I play it for a couple hours on end, and only at the end do I realize I have made no progress, but I don't care, because it is just relentlessly entertaining."
76561198114210749,Recommended,242680,29145862,Posted: 9 January,all,AjayRexz,"This game is so awesome, love it! <3"
,Recommended,242680,18540003,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Arthro,Want a game to waste hours of time getting better at clicking on dudes?Want a game to waste hours of time getting better at dodging red and white spheres?Want a game to freak out about dying from the most simple thing?Want a game to freak out about dying from the most unfair thing?Want a game to freak out about dying?Want a game to die in?Here's a game to die in.
76561198071708596,Recommended,242680,27289979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Andrea the Courier,Fast Paced Shooty action.this is a good game.
,Recommended,242680,16782167,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DerBunman™,This game is an perfect example ofearly accessdone right!It gets constant updates which haven't broken gameplay for me.However I suck at this game and often have to rage quit.
,Recommended,242680,13000169,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,langis,like hotline miami with Guns
76561198067905965,Recommended,242680,14493326,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Xanthos,"This game is adictingly har. The difficulty of it is perfect. It is both unforgiving and managable at the same time, a feat that most bullet hell type games can't really say for. 5/5 easily."
,Recommended,242680,29035822,Posted: 5 January,all,NoT,"WARNING: This game can be very rage inducing.If you are expecting to find a Binding of Isaac/Enter the Gungeon be careful because this one is very different. Nuclear Throne is very fast paced and takes a good amount of reflexes. The diiferent characters, weapons and upgrades offer good variety of gameplay and a good amount of replayability. The art is great and the music also.But even when you start to get really good with the game, it will still mess you up.There are many cheap deaths in the game that will ruin a good run and will make you rage like hell. You can spawn in a bad place and have bullets coming from all sides, die from a car exploding from rebounding bullets or some enemy that will dodge your bullet in the last moment.The first few stages of the game are ok but after that the game has a huge difficulty spike. Many of the enemies you will encounter can kill you in a few hits and you will be dead before realizing.Overall, this is one of the best rogue-likes i have ever played and i highly recommend it but stay away if you get easily frustrated."
,Recommended,242680,19690467,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Ghoop,This game is very good.
,Recommended,242680,27980883,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jackeur,I knew about it before it was cool.At least that's what the system wants me to say...
,Recommended,242680,26152957,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,AMEN BROTHERRRRR,You think Dark Souls is hard?You will never know what hard is until you try to loopYou will never know what hard is until you try to beat the throne in under 10 minutesYou will never know what hard is until you try to end the struggleYou will never know what hard is until you try to unlock the skin for melting
,Recommended,242680,16982893,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,EMMMMMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,Binding of Isaac with ADHD. 10/10
,Recommended,242680,10096317,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Cool Gator,"To Be Honest, Incredible Game. The Characters are likable, the worlds are creative, the wide variety of weapons are amazing, the enemies are cool, and the bosses are pretty tough. In fact, you would be out of your mind if you didn't buy this game Or any other Vlambeer game."
76561198173562905,Recommended,242680,32124650,Posted: 2 June,all,Hyperlaser,"Think of a top-down Borderlands-esque bullet hell (sorta) roguelike.Add a butt-tonne of weapons into the game for extra badassery.Play with many characters, each with their own very unique abilities and playstyles.Discover a surprising amount of hidden secrets.Top it all off with absolutely stunning game design.That's Nuclear Throne.(Disclaimer: It's a roguelite so expect to die a lot, but if you're willing to put in more than a few hours into it you can see visible progress with your runs)"
,Recommended,242680,15662665,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Roam,"The game in  a nutshell, bash your head into a wall until you hit the throne. If at first you don't succeed, die, die again."
76561198083561592,Recommended,242680,19678287,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Chef Sweaty,It's hard as hell but when it's good it's great.
76561198167221766,Recommended,242680,22246493,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ghostlykat,"Nuclear Throne is probably one of the best games on Steam. From the cool weapons, to the well designed characters, to the wide variety of mutations, everything about this game works so well. Whether you're a casual scrub or a hardcore mouthbreather, this game should be a ton of fun.Also it is worth noting that Fish can roll."
,Recommended,242680,12894232,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,|Sa|-Skoaliosis-[PRiSoN],"If you are worried by the Early Access tag, you shouldn't be. The devs regularly update the game and to be frank, if they never updated the game again I wouldn't be upset. You won't know you're playing an Early Access game.The random level generation keeps the game fresh and there are a good variety of characters. Each have their own...I dont want to use the word ""powers"" but thats just what i call them. Examples include a chicken that can slow down time and a fish that can roll around. The game gets pretty intense with all the bullets flying around and its even better with a friend. I have 40.2 hrs in as of this review and its only going higher. Completely reccommended. BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,242680,24579468,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,de_double,idk i guess its pretty cool
76561198060814756,Recommended,242680,20100736,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mr. Penguino,"This game is wild.There are a total of twelve characters, each of them have there own special play-style and skills. There are 100-200 weapons ranging from your classic revolver to ultra shovels to plasma swords.This game is super hard so for the first 20-ish hours your average run will be about 5 mins. As you get better and better and you get to fight and possibly even beat the nuclear throne, the runs will just get longer and crazier. Just get ready to do some crazy dodging and rediculous shooting because this game gets CRAZY."
,Recommended,242680,20526763,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ヲオ Whoa.,"Really fun, but it makes you want to rip your eyes out and eat them.big bandit 2 strong pls nerf"
,Recommended,242680,31479997,Posted: 30 April,all,George,this game is a blast to play and a good challange the music is good the art style is top level HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!
76561198071843220,Recommended,242680,12168786,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Master Radox,the game is very fun and easy to sink a lot of hours into if you like roguelikes i suggest you pick this game up i love it and its not even finished yet  Radox Approves
,Recommended,242680,25474223,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sir Lemmington,I understand how it feels to have no progression but the reason that they put so many acheivements and characters at the start is because they want to give you a taste of what its like. And they put the characters there so you aren't stuck with a sertain playstyle until youre good with that specific style because they want you to explore and give you something  else to do if youcve given up on one character. But overall I think the reason that you don't feel like youre progressing is either because you haven't played long enough to give the game a chance or its because youre bad at the game(as stupid as it sounds but hear me out) and youve given up because you cant get the character you need. And I COMPLETELY UNDERSTAND how that feels because its anoying and hard to deal with. But I decided not to give up and Ive know the game since update 2 and my average was dying in the sewers but now that I started again I am able to get to the palace and I have all but 2 locked characters(minus ball guy and skeleton). I think what anyone who wants to get into thise game would want to at least try theyre best to unlock characters for their style of play and roll with those characters for a decent amount of time.
,Recommended,242680,15865776,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,It's probably the sequel to Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number and Fish is maybe Det. Manny Pardo after the blast. That means he was born with thick fish skin.   O_o
,Recommended,242680,20361206,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MILFTANK,"I tend to repel against indie titles because most have pixelated graphics, a style I never quite enjoyed looking at.So after I finally lowered my biased opinion for once I saw a game called nuclear throne. Intrigued by it's similar gameplay like ""The binding of isaac"" which I enjoyed quite a bit, I bought the game after countless hesitations and started it up the moment it was done downloading.Man was this a breath of fresh air.This game to me was like Jesus freaking christ showing up to christian people. I never thought I would say ""This is harder than trying to sing the russian national anthem backwards without even having heard it nor the russian language once"" but here I am. If you're a fan of any rouge-like games whatsoever, then this game will certainly fulfill your dreams and beyond.The gameplay is fast, hard it will probably end pretty quick(Like me in bed)because you died but you will want to start over again because it's so addictive.The enemies will tear you apart, Your weapons will most likely screw you over in one way or another and if that's not enough the bosses will surely leave a scar on your back saying""i was here you lil shet.""The music is bloody brilliant and fills you with adrenaline, actually helping you getting through the harsh level.Even there is little to no story to be discovered in the game there are bits and pieces which the player can make his/her/it's own conclusion to what the story is about.I think this game is great. Actually no, scratch that.I think this game sets the bar for how a difficult but fair game should be. Not a complete pounding session but a pounding session with some lube. And maybe some baby powder.Also fish can roll."
,Recommended,242680,18174529,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,pH. mmSNAKE,"This is an isometric twin stick rouge-like shooter. You pick you character and off you go. Like many similar games environments are semi-random. You follow themes, enemies and weapons in tiers as you go but each map, amount of enemies their composition (not counting bosses) are all random. This can lead to unfortunate game over by spawning into a car (that has been patched) or in a room where you have no feasible way to get to cover or win, but hey it's a part of it. Just as getting an over powered weapon and steamrolling the opposition.With minimal amount of unlocks the draw of this game is to just be able to hop in, try your best and you are done at the end. Next time you start at the same spot but you are not likely to have the same experience. With hundred or weapons pickups, and numerous powerups to plan your run this game won't go stale any time soon.While you can get unlucky with spawns, the difficulty in this game lies solely on the player. Your decisions, both short term combat tactics as well as long term with choosing right tools for the job as you go and picking the proper or most suitable mutations. It makes it so when you die,  nine times out of ten it's on you. Always room for improvement. The game has no 'real' end. After you complete the stages you loop it with harder enemies and more new weapons.Guns are really the star of this game. It goes from the basic screwdriver and revolver to absurdity of super plasma cannon or nuke launcher. You will redecorate the level with some of these. It is really satisfying plowing through things with laser minigun or blowing up the area with super bazooka or so. The farther you get the more reward you can reap with better and more over the top toys. If you are the kind of person where the feel of combat, shooting (or swinging) makes or breaks the game for you. This fits the bill.Overall I'd add this to the list of outstanding rouge-likes that are easy to pick up, put down and be satisfied with every turn."
,Recommended,242680,18242185,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Alex,Bullet hell - checkDeath everytime - checkInpossible character to play but gets op as balls - checkhave nothing to do get thisinsane fungives anger management issues
,Recommended,242680,19647092,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Straw,"Nuclear Throne.A rogue-like twin stick shooter created by Vlambeer, a company with an excellent track record, no doubt about that.I saw this and bought it immediately: roguelikes, a bit of bullet hell, and a badass illuminati character all drew me in.I was not dissapointed.Characters--each with their own story, with their own abilities, with their own personal mutations that go with them.Weapons--too many to count; whenever i pick up a weapon I've never see before, it's like an new game to me.Enemies--each with bizzare weapons and attacks, and the bosses are intimidating and a thrill to play against.Music--amazing soundtrack, adds to the game's theme of ""A nuclear fallout with absurd creatures and guns everywhere""Secrets--do I really need to go into these? A plethora of secrets, and when you find them, well; I'll leave that to you.However, I haven't tried co-op, and only have 10 hours on it, so I don't know everything about the game.About half the negative reviews complain that the game is too hard and are only open for a small amount of gamers.I do acknowledge this fact, and warn you if you're buying it that there will be runs cut off by a bad spawn.But you are getting more than your money's worth in terms of gameplay. Heavily, HEAVILY consider this as a potential roguelike to purchase. From my experience, Nuclear Throne is an absolute blast."
,Recommended,242680,18514792,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,innocence,dis gud
,Recommended,242680,16144318,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,♫ ♪ cake ♪ ♫,Fish can roll.
76561197991085701,Recommended,242680,9090552,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Ferden,"Fun? Yep.Simple? Yep.Addictive? Yep.FRUSTRATING AS ALL HELL? You better beleive it!.This game is great. Content being added all the time, incredibly simple and addictive gameplay. You will die -- Alot. And you will come back and do it again -- Alot. And you'll scream and cuss along the way while loving it!Edit: why haven't you gotten this game yet?"
76561198035915202,Recommended,242680,17709185,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Blackjack010,"EARLY ACCESS done RIGHT! Roguelike Lovers can buy this without hesitation.Game is/has:+tough as nails (at least for a not so hardcore gamer)+always fair (losing is your own fault, even when it doesn't seem like it)+a variety of different mutants to play with+a nice pixelish artstyle+very motivating+a broad range of different weaponsWhat could be better/should be fixed:-environments are a bit boring, more details would please the players eye-number of variety of mutations is too low(every levelup you can select a modifier such as running faster or gaining life for killing enemies),-and few of them are good/interesting(example for good number of mutations -> binding of isaac)All in all, the game is well worth its asking price with more to come as it updates. ( ++++regular big updates++++)10 radiated barrels/10"
,Recommended,242680,27695007,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Captain Blank,it's the nutshack
,Recommended,242680,14973989,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Ddrkaser,I just can't stop!!!
,Recommended,242680,19508967,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Nobod_E,"Somehow, this game is brutally diffucult and punishing without being frustrating. A blast to play, no matter how quickly you die"
,Recommended,242680,14580338,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,falkin,"Yes. when you play this game, you think ""i'm gonna reach the throne. This will be easy peezy"" then you die, and die again, and again, and then you just keep playing and then you realised how many hours you've played.. heh,"
76561198096698651,Recommended,242680,13775161,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jezro,"It's quite simply, a whole lotta fun. I simply can't bring myself to stop playing, everytime I die I just can't help myself from going back in. I definitely reccomend this game to any fan of roguelikes, and anyone who simply wants to play a game that's genuinely enjoyable and fun to play."
76561197961578109,Recommended,242680,19509466,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lameness,"A fast, very challenging and fun hardcore roguelike shooter with an atmospheric soundtrack.A normal run takes roughly 10-15 minutes, so the game works really well when you want to fill a short waiting time. It kinda replaced Duck Game as my go-to skillbased shooterI highly recommend it, if you generally enjoy arcade shooters (e.g. other Vlambeer titles, Duck Game, ...)"
76561198079241259,Recommended,242680,22039853,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,XManZombie,Shoot ♥♥♥♥♥es get to the end
76561198255671910,Recommended,242680,27014174,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duneharrow,A frustrating and abusive shoot em' up that I always end up coming back to.Just like my gf
76561198135747655,Recommended,242680,25289441,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The Law,Fun and challenging
,Recommended,242680,14630491,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,stevaloo,This game is crack cocain.
,Recommended,242680,18494055,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Zein,"Binding of Isaac + Hotline Miami = This amazing gameSo it took 22 amazingly fun hours, but I finally beat the throne (both phases) and I gotta say, this game is awesome. I look forward to playing it more.A lot of people are complaining about this game's updates taking forever, but honestly the game is still really fun, and the bugs I've faced are pretty minor. Apart from the occasional crash, but a lot of good games have those so eh"
,Recommended,242680,25372945,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Celeris,"While this game is fun, I just don't think it's for everyone. Also, even if you do like it, you'll get tired of playing after a month or so."
76561198085752424,Recommended,242680,21656351,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Killer nugget,♥♥♥♥♥GAME BUT I AM♥♥♥♥♥♥SO ITS PERFECT
,Recommended,242680,19542699,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BathingApe,You literally can't win but it's still fun.
,Recommended,242680,21109126,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,thunderfuck mc pickup truck,"welcome to hellnah but it's fun, challenging, and you're probably going to want to punch your computer because ""I GOT TO 5-2 AND BLEW MYSELF UP"" -quote from me, directlyif you don't like repetition then don't buy it because you'll be seeing the desert a lot"
,Recommended,242680,19542125,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Perma Hexx,"Very addictive and fun.  A must own if you like ""just one more run"" roguelikes and bullet hells."
76561198326986125,Recommended,242680,31004866,Posted: 7 April,all,SandwichmasterX,"KABOOM! POW! BLAM! SLASH! MUAHAHAHA!This game contains plenty of grenades, missiles, machineguns, shotguns, melee weapons and crosbows, all useable to fight your way through an amazing pixelated wasteland, working your way to the Nuclear Throne...This game has amazing variety, addictive gameplay, and plenty of secret levels!"
76561198064094544,Recommended,242680,15847879,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,obama boy AND YOU KNOW,I can't get to Sewers 100/100 best game
,Recommended,242680,24695949,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,CrazzyJ0123,"this game...... god this ♥♥♥♥ing game........ i cant rightly rate it good or bad really. What i can say however is that whoever created this game wanted to place a gamer in a situation where you either get the ♥♥♥♥ outta that turtle shell and light up literaly everything on screen that isnt you, or get crushed like an ant under a boot. By far one of the fastest paced rougelikes i have ever had the pleasure to play. Regardless, I cannot lie, despite all the moments that are utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I still love it."
,Recommended,242680,15541564,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,| AOD | Forgotten Lands,"It's a wonderful game, tough as nails and angrier than hornets on fire. Don't get me wrong, this isnt dark souls ""we hate you"" hard, this is just a really challenging game that I keep in my top ten games even though I have never beaten the Throne. I love Vlambeer and I love their games too. I would recommend this to literally anyone. #VerifyVenusEDIT: I finally beat the throne :D it just made me want to play even more."
,Recommended,242680,13708478,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,bndy chrom_,Meh
,Recommended,242680,9250765,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,edpixels,is good yes
,Recommended,242680,21756012,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,2 - 32,"this game could make a hippy suicidal, buts its just rage inducing enough to make you want to keep coming back. gg vlambeer, gg."
,Recommended,242680,21288938,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Two Wieners,rebel is best girl
76561198032067409,Recommended,242680,17636113,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,USM-Valor,"THE GOOD: Addicting gamplay, killer music, and MANY guns and characters.THE BAD: A bit unbalanced towards the latter half of the game, UI still quite rough around the edges.THE BOTTOM LINE: Though still an Early Access title, i'm completely happy with my purchase of this game. Development occurs weekly, and the game is mostly finished. It took me 46.7 hours to beat it, and I enjoyed every minute played since purchase. Get this game if you love indies and rogue-lites."
,Recommended,242680,32292557,Posted: 9 June,all,Zirtonic,"A rogue-like based more on skill than RNG? Sign me the heck up. The forced 4:3 aspect ratio is a bit annoying and I wish there were more video options, but honestly the game's backbone is its gameplay. And it's gameplay is really good."
76561197997875391,Recommended,242680,17342994,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,leonard0,Nuclear Throne is a beautiful game.I cannot recommend it enough.
,Recommended,242680,25281124,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,milatarycow,pros- very fun- no spiders (so far)- lots a bullets- pretty hard- lots a guns- lots a charaters- funky upgrades- you might reach the nuclear throne- amazin' bossescons- screen gets a bit wibbly- maggots- kaboom- you did not reach the nuclear throne
,Recommended,242680,35253046,Posted: 27 September,all,Sewer Thing,"Probably the best rogue-like out there in my opinion. Every run feels unique, and the game always manages to challenege the player. It's easy to get into, but has a steep learning curve, and runs can last for as long as you want. Or until you die."
76561198324331327,Recommended,242680,35317209,Posted: 29 September,all,TRVGW,"My personal #1 game in my Steam library. Its intense, difficult gameplay makes it very addicting, and is a must have for any fan of fans of Enter the Gungeon, and The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth."
,Recommended,242680,13771834,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,steev,I recommend this game
76561198068508353,Recommended,242680,9860720,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Vergillius,Very addicting this is a game you can play for a bit when you dont have to do any thing then come right back and it is still fun.
,Recommended,242680,23406904,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TopLel,"This is a great game, and has quickly risen to one of my favorite games of all time. There are many good things about this game. It has numerous weopons that are all a blast to use, different characters to fit all types of playstyles,it has multiple endings thorugh different bosses, but one of the best part about this game is the progression system. The first time you will play, you will die within about two or three levels depending on your skill level, which will unlock you melting. Within a few hours, you will be reaching the labs, and unlocking steroids, and before you know it, you are looping regularly, trying to kill Mom with a golden weopon to get the golden frog pistol and unlock frog or attempting to defeat the captain rith rogue to get her b-skin. The best part about this game, to me at least, is how it focuses on th gameplay over the story. Too many games nowadays try to either have a super deep story presented through dialogue heavy cutscenes or hide it through little sprinkles of information to get you to dig deeper. While this game does have some sparse lore, it never takes center stage over the main attraction, which is the balls to the wall fun gameplay. This is the first game in a while that I've seen focus on the fun the player is having over a super deep story. Lastly, the game is balanced very well. For every crap run you have where you get terrible weopons like the wrench and laser pistol and die on lil' Hunter, you will have an amazing double loop run with the fully powered up energy sword and the super crossbow. However, there is a minor gripe I have with it. There are texture glitches that occur every once in a while, that tamper with gameplay severely. Every few runs, I will have a texture glitch, where the texture that covers the level boarder shows up without hit detection. Usually its not a big problem, but multiple times i've had a run ended due to and enemy that i couldn't see such as one of the ice robots that I couldn't see throwing a car at me and ending my run instantly. That is really the only major reoccuring problem I have with the game. I reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys hard games and twin-stick shooters. 9/10"
,Recommended,242680,14136563,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SAPATIN,Greatest screen shake simulator i've ever played
76561198018475065,Recommended,242680,35067352,Posted: 19 September,all,AtreidesX,"This game is hard like your♥♥♥♥♥♥after not going to a toilet in a week but it's still very fun. Even though you every time you dieyou have to do the entire thing over, you don't get bored. And that's why this game is so great."
,Recommended,242680,35138505,Posted: 22 September,all,GaleAria,"This is honestly one of the best games of all time. It's so rewarding when you do well and some of the things you can do, even after 3 years of playing blow me away (Yes i kow my hours don't show it, new PC)Honestly it's one of the best games on steam right now without question"
,Recommended,242680,15502485,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Imnotahuman,zee zee zee
76561198055051657,Recommended,242680,35499844,Posted: 5 October,all,toz,"Must know before buying : 4:3 ratio, frustating game and a lot of randomness.If you didn't already ran off ima say this is a really good game, lots of play time (to get to play every character, with crowns, golden weapons and♥♥♥♥♥♥you already got a solid 100h) visuals are ... well it's pixel art if you don't like it it's not for you. Great musics/sounds/overall feeling when playing, really responsive.Atm i think it's worth 12bucks but maybe it's because i like it and play it a lot, anyway you can still get it for cheaper if you know what i mean."
76561198058499296,Recommended,242680,15831631,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Spider,You can throw miniguns at peoplehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cH6qR2gliug
76561198083575802,Recommended,242680,8835990,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,zapphique,"Yes, I do realize this is an early access game. However, it is one of the few that is worth purchasing on Steam. The developers are very passionate about the project, and it recieves frequent updates that improve the game considerably, making this a game you'll keep coming back to. In fact, the game was quite enjoyable from the get go! This is one of the few early access games I've seen done right, and for a price of only 12.99, there's nothing to complain about."
76561198111120593,Recommended,242680,15886950,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Psykomarc,Two words: Hard. Awesome.
,Recommended,242680,14506275,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,pride,It's ok.You can shoot things!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111
,Recommended,242680,14872337,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Horatio,"Nuclear Throne. A game where you, the player, assume the role of one of a variety of mutants. Shooting, blasting, and obliterating whatever stands before you. Along the way, you gather ""rads"" or exp, and level up, and mutate even more. Now, whats a shooter without guns?This game here has it all!Plasma Miniguns!Lightning Shotguns!Energy Hammers!Double Miniguns!Fully Automatic Fire Shotguns!etc.Those are some of the higher teir weapons in the game, but there are, quite literaly, hundreds of guns.As for the mutants, well... Each one fits a play style eloquently.Like high risk-High reward? Then try Melting. Like Running&Gunning? Try Steriods, Plant, or Y.V.All in all, this game shall bring Hours of enjoyment, whether its smashing a sniper's face in with a Lightning Hammer, or duel-weilding Jackhammers.Thanks for your time, and have fun!"
,Recommended,242680,19886642,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Elitist Cunt,"Your goign to need to know somethings to play this game. Think first, think fast, deal with the consequences later. React quick, and don't trust anything.  Even that chair that's supposed to fix the Nuclear Apocolypse we live in today. Welcome to the wastelands, enjoy your stay."
76561198068554358,Recommended,242680,17667663,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,D4NDY_,I spend most of my time on this game trying to get my characters back after each update.10/10 would spend 2 hours trying to find a skrewdriver so i can unlock Y.V again.
,Recommended,242680,30690553,Posted: 23 March,all,Candel,"A few years ago, I found myself wishing for a game where I could just gun down hordes of enemies and feel really overpowered. Then, a short while later, I found Nuclear Throne. This game is a crazy fun top-down rogue-like shooter thingy, and I love it to death.I love everything about this game. When first playing it, it's challenging, but has a satisfying learning curve to it. Getting farther and farther, finding new, creative weapons, unlocking new characters to play, and just having that feeling of ""one more run, and I can make it further than before"" was such a great time. Over time, old obstacles become easy, and you find yourself getting far every time and having crazy runs that are fun as hell. But the game stays challenging no matter how good you get at it. Even after mastering the game and unlocking almost everything, the game still poses a challenge, just in a different sense than when first starting out.The most exhilarating part of it all is that while you may have crazy overpowered weapons, you're still as frail, if not more frail, then any single enemy you fight. All it takes is a few mistakes and you're done. But dying isn't an issue, all you gotta do is hit the R key and jump back into it, and within ten minutes you could already be as far as you were when you died. Once you get on a crazy run, it's just an adrenaline rush of gunning down hordes of enemies while constantly having to keep on your toes to make sure you don't end up dead. And when you inevitably wind up dead, you can take a breather as you fight your way through the early levels on your way to another crazy run.Another amazing thing about this game I have to note is the sound. Everything in this game sounds... Satisfying. Picking up weapons, switching between them, shooting things, killing enemies; everything has a satisfying punch to it. Every enemy has a unique sound for getting hit, and for dying, so even if you're shooting at things off-screen, you still know what you're hitting and whether or not you killed them. The soundtrack is amazing, too, to the point where I sometimes listen to the songs outside of the game.The game's also got a lot of character to it. Every mutant you can play as is unique and has their own lore behind them. The universe is very interesting, and all the details about it are shown rather than told, for the most part. You learn about the world through the little details in the game, and it all adds up and is very interesting. Deep lore n' stuff. Of course, you can ignore the lore and just enjoy the crazy fun shooting parts, too.Overall, the best word to describe this game for me is ""satisfying."" It's satisfying to kill things, satisfying to reach further and further levels than your previous best, satisfying to find and master the tons of crazy weapons in the game, satisfying when something blows up and the screen freezes for a split second to add to the punch. I've played this game constantly for over two years now, and it's still kept me satisfied after all this time. The best part is that this game was and still is very affordable in terms of price, and is totally worth it. I recommend this game heavily to nearly everyone I meet.I've been regularly playing this game since December of 2014, and I don't plan on stopping anytime soon. Seriously, pick it up and give it a try, it's amazing."
76561198050184915,Recommended,242680,12503583,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jason Bellond,Think back to the old days of the insert coin and playnow remove the insert coinadd many iconic charactersadd a ever growing rack of gunsadd very balanced randomly generated gameplayand add in the fact we get updates like every weekAnd you got your self this wonderfull fast Action bullet hell game Nuclear Throne
76561198117541472,Recommended,242680,13965787,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sigma-Bot,"Only game id beat the crap out of sentient, gun weilding animals, with a sledge hammer as a living crystal. My average game lasts 5 minutes, never seen the throne, i suck at the game. 10/10 would get throne butt again."
,Recommended,242680,13971445,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,♥FlyingZucchini♥,Best single player game I have ever played bar none. I even find the characters compelling somehow.
,Recommended,242680,14042782,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,MourningStar,awsome fun game perfect  balance of hard but fun
,Recommended,242680,13998536,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Food,Finally beat the throne. And to think it only took me thirty hours...
,Recommended,242680,14023354,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,马中马之千里马之汗血宝马,This is addictive10/10looking forward to more updates
,Recommended,242680,14168908,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Clamo,do it bb
76561198073771162,Recommended,242680,32139809,Posted: 2 June,all,spak.,"Real unique and stylish indie game. Plays kind of like a bullet hell, but you are the bullets.that doesn't make sense...Trying to reach the throne is fun and I'd reccomend.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,27838605,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lo-fi Longcat,I love my small nuclear children
76561198068841787,Recommended,242680,24466793,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Rachnera,10/10
76561198044699734,Recommended,242680,30479342,Posted: 12 March,all,Milhouse [Tri-Hard],"Really fun game to play. Even after dying 100 times, I still feel the need to play"
,Recommended,242680,12472246,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Honey Boo Boo,Guns Made Of Pure Hype
,Recommended,242680,18679204,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Old Major,"I have just started playing this game after it being recommended to me by a friend, and I thought I might mention a few of the pros and cons of this game so far. Baring in mind this is early access the cons are what I recommend for the final game and should be added in for a better experience.Pros:-8 Bit Graphics are cool, keep it that way. Fits the play style perfectly.-A gradual difficulty slope that is easy enough for you to progress but difficult enought to make you want to come back for more, but I found that a few people (not including myself) found that it was more difficult than expected.-Plenty of stages and levels to progress through, but it would be nice if you were to add more as people get better at it.-Charatcers: the variety is great and all the special abilities and mutations means each run is unique and different from the last. It would be nice to see more for those who have played with every character and need something new.-No micro-transactions at this time, baring in my it is still early access there is know means of putting money into the game after you have bought it, this is good!Cons:-Not full screen, The game runs in full screen but you have black bars along the side, please remove it as it is an ugly feature and the game would look cleaner and more atractive in a widescreen view. Though this isn't the end of the world it would be nice if the game had some graphics settings.-30 FPS Cap!! What? Why? I am not sure exactly why the game devs have made it so the game can only be run at 30fps or less. Surely if the PC can run it higher (which almost any pc can) it should be allowed. This made the game feel ever so slightly choppy but it was fine overall.-Co-op can only be done in a local network. Sadly this means I can not play with friends unless I bring my pc into the same internet as theirs or play split screen with a controller. Make a means of playing co-op online with people on steam. This would make the game more tactical as you would have to work together. I think this would be a great addition for the final game.Summary:Should you buy this game?Yes, if you need some time to kill and are willing to pack in a few hours learning the characters and improving. It is worth the price especially as they have updated it over 90 times since the original release. This game has perma-death so expect to get annoyed throughout the time of playing it. Anyway I hope this review helped you make a more informed decision on wether this game is for you. Leave a like if it did, Thanks."
,Recommended,242680,15085218,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,R1GHTS1DE,Ok this game can be very annoyning if you dont like losing every thing every. Its rouge type game witch I hate but is definatly fun. Expecaily if you try doing a super hard run witch I will explane. pick melting and have the staroid when you lose 1 heath. Now you should only have 1 heath so have fun. I would say go pay money but I would rather play contra with only one life no continues if I wanted my ball ripped out off of my body. 8/10
76561198015015741,Recommended,242680,20488825,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,evil_paris,"I had to check to make sure this game was no longer in Early Access, because even finished it still feels like it isn't quite done.  Part of that is the rough art style (chosen), and part is just that your deaths are frequently very random and often unavoidable.Nuclear Throne has a lot of 1-2 hit kills, and sometimes just flat out screws you with a level starting position.  Spawn in the middle of a boatload of high damage enemies with no cover to  be had, and all your progress can melt in an instant without you really haven't any meaningful choices to make to avoid it.Similarly, if you happen to kill the final enemy on a level, the spawned portal may appear and detonate a nearby car or other inopportune object and send you to a pointless and undeserved grave.Other than a number of fairly cheesy deaths, the basic gameplay is pretty enjoyable.  The game encourages you to use the terrain as cover, and has some mild bullet hell where you weave and dodge to avoid a hail of projectiles.  There is a nice collection of different weapons to choose from, though having played Chicken extensively in beta, I'm always missing better options for melee weapons (which are great, allowing you to bounce bullets when timed correctly and trading range for unlimited ammunition).Your character gets to pick one from a few different potential mutations every time you level up.  These are not particularly well balanced, and it is entirely possible to get to choose really good mutations, or to get stuck with some completely pointless ones.   It tends to be less a matter of choosing between play styles, and more a matter of hoping you have at least one good mutation on the selection list.  Go a couple levels with all bad mutations, and your run is effectively done for, without you having done anything to deserve it.Kind of seeing a trend there.Still, there's enough enjoyable moments that it is worth picking up and playing.  I think it could have been architected to be a more satisfying experience, but it remains worth trying out.   Levels are very short, and the style of terrain and enemies changes every couple levels, so play throughs are quick and contain a mix of experiences.Go ahead and give it a run."
,Recommended,242680,19919411,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Skele,"playing nuclear throne makes me immensely frustrated and stressed, and when i die i want to break things9/10 it's really good"
,Recommended,242680,21997610,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,[ZG] Zandorum,"One of the best games I've ever played 10/10, I only wish that you could make mods for the current version of it."
,Recommended,242680,19514588,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,RatKing,"One of the best games of all time! I have not had this much fun with any game since I was a yung lil rat. This game is easily within my top five games ever made.Pros:-Highly addictive-Great controls-Wide variety of gameplay styles (a lot of replayability)-Rewarding unlocks-Great pacing-Great artwork and music-Menus and loading are quicker than 2.998x10^10 m/s (the retry button in this game is similar to how quick respawning in Super Meat Boy is)Cons:-Sometimes the randomized elements can make the game frustrating, because it feels like the odds are pitted against you-There does seem to be a considerable learning curve, but for some people this is a good thing (myself included). Usually most players do not have a complaint with this fact and it just adds to the fun, but I felt it should be mentioned."
76561198240574586,Recommended,242680,29411289,Posted: 21 January,all,Crimson,"This game includes amazing graphics, excellant AI, and not only that, diverse weaponry alongside beautiful bullet hells. All around an awesome game."
76561198135484022,Recommended,242680,25870004,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Christian Brutal Sniper,luv dis gaim
,Recommended,242680,17376798,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Oacyst,This game has a minigun that fires three rounds a second and chews through ammo faster than a fat man through a free buffet. 8/10
,Recommended,242680,25627633,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,PopatoTarts,"This game is NOT EASY.I'd say that veteran gamers should play this game, especially ones that have played several bullet hell games before.To say it again, ""This game is NOT EASY.""Characters are all fun to use,music is pretty damn neat for a game about the wastelands,difficulty is off-the-bloody-charts,Casual gamers should stay away from this, as they deserve a fun experience from games suited for them--not saying that casual gamers are restricted to harder games; that was me that one time.This. Game. Is. NOT. EASY."
,Recommended,242680,26061879,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Puinguin,I still suck.
,Recommended,242680,21511405,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,rafl,this game sucks*hits retry*
,Recommended,242680,21075293,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Mr_HappyGuy,"I am addicted, I love this game!Plenty of Action!Plenty of Weapons!Plenty of Characters!A lot of ways to play!Totally worth it!"
76561198148876317,Recommended,242680,20521702,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Loli,i die a lot
76561198261533182,Recommended,242680,20601251,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,JH,i love my family and i don't want to die
,Recommended,242680,29381114,Posted: 20 January,all,alterEgo,i went in because i thought i'd love the triangle gangster but really i fell in love with a ball of eyes so thats pretty neat i guess
,Recommended,242680,29553585,Posted: 28 January,all,🎃 Mr. Turtle 🎃,very fun. very addicting
,Recommended,242680,16002013,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,xDaudex,"Pros:The different types of guns provide a diverse gameplay experienceThe different characters offer many different styles to play the gameThe difficulty has been done wellCons:Glitchy menuOutrageously loud volume levels when you first start it upWish there was more RNG, the amount currently in the game seems to narrow, runs are not vastly different enough"
,Recommended,242680,12796545,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,surno,killed maggots
,Recommended,242680,18300663,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Vladify,"So, after 300 hours, I think I'll finally give my review of this game. Keep in mind this is my first reviewProsAwesome weapon designLove the enemy designMany unique aspectsAmazing communitySimple controlsCharacters are well balancedInsanely replayableWeekly updates regularly consisting of more than just bug fixing and balancing!Carefully crafted artInteresting secrets and easter eggsRogue-likeFish can rollConsSuper difficultCan get repetitiveLevel progression is almost always the same each run excluding random generationRogue-likeOverall, thoroughly love this game and hold it very nearand dearto my Heavy Heart10/10"
76561197964345217,Recommended,242680,17098706,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,WarmGun,"Make sure you have a cup of coffee, preferably two, before you play this game."
76561198135980547,Recommended,242680,32840809,Posted: 26 June,all,legs10,11/10Will loop again.
,Recommended,242680,33157333,Posted: 2 July,all,Signdfs,Best gaem
76561198272006359,Recommended,242680,24804924,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,The Law,super fun challange
76561198046335949,Recommended,242680,30584840,Posted: 17 March,all,Tutorials,Made it to the throne once. Wasn't worthy.
76561198071574936,Recommended,242680,11455918,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Moonman,(:
,Recommended,242680,19542682,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Runnerdude,"Everyone else is correct. What they said has happend to me. First you suck, then you get very good after a while of playing. Doesn't make the game easy though!"
76561198085492156,Recommended,242680,19541168,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ko890317,takes me back to arcade days... except i don't have to pay for every run (after paying for the game...)!
,Recommended,242680,19542633,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,VooDooAddict,"Must buy for fans of frantic action Rogue-lite games... Binding of Issac fans, here's you next fix."
,Recommended,242680,19543766,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,J0onyA,"BUY.THIS.GAME.NOW.This is probably one of my favourite games! from the wide range of characters with their own special abilities, to the amazing soundtrack, to the loveable (not really you will die) lil hunter, this game is amazing! from my first run of 1 - 2 to beating the ""best"" lil hunter, to beating theNuclear Throne! I love this game and have been getting good runs lately. there is a wide range of guns to pick from, tons of secrets, and most of all... my favourite...YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE!"
76561198085343519,Recommended,242680,19542657,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Daddy milkman,MMMMMMmmmmMMMmmmMmmmMmMMMmmmMmMmmmmMmmMMmmmmm is goood
76561198067174511,Recommended,242680,14730062,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Artem Estheim,11/10 would play again
,Recommended,242680,19539523,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,dbltap,"bossjust boss.think binding of isaac, but better somehow. its awesome."
,Recommended,242680,19539539,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Tricky,fast paced top down shooter when done properly!10 plays so far and the game kicked my butt in a new and unexpected way every time++++++++++
,Recommended,242680,19684013,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Valryon,"GOTY 2015.It's probably not a perfect game, but I keep playing it every day, discovering new things and having a lot of fun every time."
76561198095396053,Recommended,242680,19641424,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Eli,"-Start up game-Gets Pumped-Chooses a character-Dies,Shrugs it off-5 Hours L8R-Has the most intense run ever-Dies-Smashes keyboard with sledgehammer10/10 Would Break My Keyboard Again.But seriously its a great game addicting but really rage inducing."
,Recommended,242680,19547299,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Leslaron,"Game just released, I have 346 hours played.Super addictive, and super fun as you continue to progress further and further."
76561197985812049,Recommended,242680,19568636,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Metalhead,"Worth every penny. The sheer amount of different guns is wonderful (seriously. Just glance at the wiki. I have 100 hours into this and I havent even used them all), each character feels very different to play, a bunch of different skills to choose from that can greatly change up how you play, and lots of secrets to boot! Daily and weekly runs if you like that sort of thing. Local coop.  10/10"
,Recommended,242680,23626117,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,HyperInvox,This game is great so im going to make an review based on typical greentext posts>Got a slugger that shoots alot of shells like a scatter gun>Got a shovel>Went to a frozen city infested with Rogue robots>Turns out the frozen city is a training ground for interdimensional popo>ohshit.jpg>KILL EVERYTHING>Suddenly hear something>its laughter>♥♥♥♥ ITS A HIGH TECH POPO JETPACK MIDGET>Attack it with DA SOOPAH SLUGGAH>It doesnt die>♥♥♥♥.jpg>Heavly wounded>hides>grunt popo finds me>shoots me>dedTl:dr i did not reach the nuclear throne
,Recommended,242680,22265824,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Nai255,The rapid-fire roguelike no twinstick shooter fan should miss.And you can be a chicken with a chaingun.573/10 would play again... and again... and again...
76561198054117150,Recommended,242680,23405183,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Gotrek,This game is amazing. What I realy liked about the game is that this game has some characters you would have to earn like you would with easter eggs.
,Recommended,242680,23555600,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,cuphed,"What's not to say about this gameYou play as a walking triangle with big gunsYou play as a concentrated mass of radiation that shoots out more radiationYou play as a crystal with legsYou play as a ♥♥♥♥ing fishThis game is my favourite game of all time, and I plan to clock in hundreds more hours than I already have. This is a must have for lovers of rogue-like games, and is a wonderful game to own, even if you're playing it in your down time when youve nothing better to do. I ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE this game, and I will always love it. Vlambeer, I ♥♥♥♥ing love you, you wonderful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Keep up the amazing work, and I'm glad that I'm able to live in a time where I can play as a rogue police-woman, and sit on a big radiation chair."
,Recommended,242680,23308187,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,spooky chef,pretty dank
,Recommended,242680,23608301,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,shodan2020,An Incredibly fun procedurally generated dual stick shooter. Scores of different weapons and quite a few different mutated characters with their own strengths and weaknesses to discover! Great soundtrack and an amazingly engrossing and an absolute blast to play. Getting to the throne is an amazingly tough feat as well.
,Recommended,242680,16516130,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,FUCK'S SAKE IT'S MR. MIME,"A mad bullet hell shooter that is harder than a 12 year old boy in a pornography shop, and even more fun to boot. I must warn you, it can make you rage harder than viagra induced boner, but it's worth it!"
,Recommended,242680,17553979,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Daftpunkinstein,Play Y.V. or you're garbage
76561197978907852,Recommended,242680,20524317,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Joseph Kony,cool
,Recommended,242680,19086081,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Mr. Lapis,"This is the funnest rogue-like game i've ever played. Sure it takes you a bit to get good at it but once you do that, there's so many things to acomplish"
,Recommended,242680,19225231,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Jo with an E,"The game was fun until I hit the frozen city, then my life was miserable. God damn supermen that wish they where cool and pick up cars and snipe you from 5 screens away, a little blue peice of garbage who shoots are you from afar and calls his posse to try to ruin you. But other than the frozen city the game is pretty chill. Played since like update 15 and havent ever once thought I have wasted 12.99. Community is always great and supportive and the devs seem like really great people. I mean weekly updates on an early access game? And if an update doesnt get finished in a week usually a tweet or something about it and they hammer it out soon later. Very solid game"
,Recommended,242680,28510410,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pinko,"Holy crap. This game is super hard, but it is so rewarding. The music is awesome, the characters all are very fun to play, and the sprite work is great. Once you start playing, it's hard to put it down. 8/10"
,Recommended,242680,34201901,Posted: 12 August,all,ゴゴゴゴ WEK ゴゴゴゴ,Guns with 6 senses
,Recommended,242680,17618505,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,peeslosh,"If there was a ""no reccomendation"" button, I would click it. In Nuclear Throne, you play as one of many mutants trying to reach, as you may have guessed, the Nuclear Throne. You do not complete the game, you see how far you can get (once you ""pass"" the nuclear throne, you loop over from level one- except it's way harder). It's a fun game full of guns, explosions, and plentiful enemies to make you want to throw your computer at your tv in pure frustration.However, the one awful flaw (an awflaw?) I've been experiencing are the spawn points. I believe you have seven dimensions, and you have three levels in each dimention. The third level always has a boss. So they made the level almost like an arena- NO SAFE ZONES. This often leaves you spawning right smack in the middle of the stage. And in the scrapyard where there are literally aimbot snipers (they're robots), it's not fun to spawn with five crosshairs looking at you.Game over."
76561198024157334,Recommended,242680,24083852,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Riv-ness,"This game is amazing. I suck at it but can't stop playing. Incredibly fast and furious action, tons of variety due to different guns and mutation choices. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,242680,33191025,Posted: 3 July,all,JThePilot,many gunfish can rollYung Venuz is very coollil hunter is a lil ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198053295202,Recommended,242680,11852418,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Aeolynx,"This game has more replay value than anything I've ever played. The game seemed like it was complete when they added a final boss, but the updates keep rolling in. Some characters seem underpowered, but a few tweaks are planned. The game has very creative enemies and weapons, and the community is alive with posts. If you like games that are fun and challenging, or just want something to kill time, pick this one up right away!"
76561197981963713,Recommended,242680,8386080,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ducede,"I've been playing this game on and off since early on in its development. It was always a pleasure hopping back in to watch the game grow into it's final form. One time you'd log on and see a few placeholder mutation icons updated. Perhaps it's a brand new main menu interface. Or maybe the characters get cool full screen avatars in the character select screen.To boot, the gameplay got evermore tightly balanced and fleshed out. It always was a very enjoyable gameplay loop with a robust system, and it only got better with more options, weapons, and secrets.This is twitch reflex bullet hell at its finest and on full display. Jump in and be prepared to lose hours as you can't resist giving it just one more quick go after every inevitable death."
,Recommended,242680,8428507,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nathan,"This game is awesome. I've been playing it for a few hours now, and I'm completely addicted. I suck really, really badly at the game, but it is such a ridiculous amount of fun that I don't even care that I'm so bad at it. I've had runs where I literally lived for less than 15 seconds, and I've still had a blast on those runs.The variation in the playable characters is something unique. Each character has a distinctive special ability that is different enough that you can build entirely different strategies for each of them.I feel you could comfortably sit around with a bunch of friends to just pass the time, with a (typical) playthrough being 1-5 minutes. Relieves a lot of the frustration of sitting there waiting for a friend to finish their turn. The mayhem going on on screen will keep you watching their turn anyways.Nuclear Throne feels like The Binding of Isaac on steroids with guns. If you like The Binding of Isaac, I think you'll like this game a lot. A lot of replayability, difficulty, and fun amongst the mayhem."
76561198101543094,Recommended,242680,9728392,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,coke13,Hay every one this is a review for nuclear throne (duh :P)i think this game is good.it is updated nearly weekly it has a good community and local co-op (i wish it was online but hay you cant have everything)I would rate this a solid 7/10 its a good game but it still needs some work
,Recommended,242680,9951010,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Greenjellie,How about a fish with a toxic crossbow? Done.
,Recommended,242680,10530290,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,"See You, Space Faggot","A super-fast paced, super-fun procedural death labyrinth which keeps and holds your attention for a long time."
76561197992669178,Recommended,242680,11910682,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,tokidoki12,"This game coninues to amaze me at how brutally difficult and unforgiving it can be, yet it's so amazingly addictive and fun. I have cursed and  exited the game after dieing only to immediatly relaunch the game for ""one more try"" so many times I have lost count. Seriously awesome game that I think everyone should play, even now in it's early accress."
,Recommended,242680,10330310,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Defiler,"I have purchased a large pile of 'roguelike' games on Steam, because apparently I am a masochist and enjoy being angry at my computer. Almost all of them turn out to be terribly flawed.I randomly happened upon a livestream of this game on Twitch, and ended up watching it with growing surprise. This game is already surprisingly fun, and deep, despite being 'Early Access'. There is a very well-crafted mix of luck/chaos and skill involved, with careful tweaks preventing you from ending up spawning into certain death.  I consistently feel that when I have died, it was because I made a mistake, not because the game procedurally generated an impossible scenario.The weapons are insane, and the sound design is quite good. The various playable characters are, at times, very different from each other, and each has a different set of mutations you're hoping to get, for maximum mayhem-synergy.The controller support is still pretty wonky, so I play it with the mouse. This may or may not be the case still when the game is final.The game currently resets which characters are unlocked at each update, but honestly, I look forward to this; each update is bringing nice enhancements and new weapons.Want to get in a raging battle with inter-dimensional police squads with grenades and a giant hammer that sprays blood? This is the game for you."
,Recommended,242680,10791725,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,smylie,"Played for over 24 hours now, and still haven't gotten anywhere close to beating it. But I absolutely love it. Great roguelike game with a wicked sense of humor and great design. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,242680,11818888,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Retrovet,"Hardcore Hardness...A game that harkens back to the classic difficulty of old school games but brings so much more to the table with its characters and weapons. Every gun/weapon feels distinctly unique just as every character brings their own flavor and style to the game. But back to harkening and what not to old games the best features this game has is being able to play local co-op with a friend. You will die often...you may curse the gods and wonder, why have they forsaken me in this mutated waste land...but you will be back for more."
,Recommended,242680,12019112,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Lutacrist,Hell Yeah
76561197991828505,Recommended,242680,8371874,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,juicebox,"An action packed, gun-slinging, heart pounding rpg bullet hell roguelike (what a mutated mouthful). With procedurally generated levels, a rotating caste of level up perks, and a plethora of classes each with their own abilities and passive bonuses... Nuclear Throne will give you hours upon hours of fun even in it's early access stage. It's a simple game that never gets boring and doesn't give you a second to breathe, all the time playing on your masochistic side for “just one more run”I wouldn't even say that I'm very good at it yet, but I've spent hours on it already and plan to sink many many many more. Outstanding game that's more than worth the price even now. Get it! You won't regret it."
76561198062062172,Recommended,242680,11891379,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,samarugula,"In the words of CobaltStreak, ""When you see this game, you think 'what the **** is this game?' and then when you play it, you're like, 'WHAT THE **** IS THIS GAME!'""In other words, you don't think it is much, but then when you play it, you get very addicted and determined to reach the end. Even after you do reach the end, there is still a need and want to play the game. I have put in a good 80 ish hours a the time of writing this, and I am going to continue to play this amazing game. I highly recommend it, especially if you enjoy shooters or roguelikes, or both."
,Recommended,242680,35246622,Posted: 27 September,all,spooky boi,You did not reach the Nuclear Throne.
,Recommended,242680,15974979,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Meister,"As one of the top 20 players in the world, it would be remiss if I wouldn't say that this game is one of my favorites of all time. With so much variety and competition for the daily, every game is adrenaline filled madness. I highly recommend that you pick up this game."
,Recommended,242680,12217996,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,KERNBOOM,"Everybody who loves pulling triggers owes it to themselves to try this game.Very challenging old skool shooter.Different characters, weapons and mutations allow for different playstyles.♥♥♥♥ing try it already!"
76561198076156510,Recommended,242680,17009151,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Nemo,This game just keeps getting better the more I play it!
,Recommended,242680,25090734,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,fake h,tfw lil hunter gives me no troubletfw snowbots are the ultimate evil of the frozen citytfw nuke launcher betrayaltfw no matching melee weapons as steroidstfw palace so chaotic i can't make it to the second level
,Recommended,242680,18009227,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ebole,lil' cunter
,Recommended,242680,7752850,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tim 'YM' Johnson,"Created for Mojam 2013, Wasteland Kings was undoubtedly the highlight of the charity gamejam. Even in its three day old state Wasteland Kings had hours of play in it. It was a fully formed game that felt incredibly polished. Art, sounds, controls, everything worked cohesively.Roll on September 2013 and Wasteland Kings becomes Nuclear Throne, there are now new people on the Vlambeer team adding more characters, more levels, more enemies and more depth an already fantastic game.I could play this for days and it's still in its infancy with new features coming almost daily it seems.The future of Nuclear Throne is exciting!"
76561198061541659,Recommended,242680,29237755,Posted: 13 January,all,Dominous Piscus,This is a game
,Recommended,242680,7978580,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,itsnotatumor,Just look at my hours...and they're still making the game. I clearly can't stop playing it. Haven't had so much fun raging (only a little) since BoI. That's saying something.Buy. This.
,Recommended,242680,19855079,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Peace Walker,"A real bullet hell game with monsters killing you in dungeons, the power ups makes you feel like your the baddest of em all.  This game does take skill and progression to get the next dungeon floor with so many bosses and baddies wanting you to die. Hope my review helped."
,Recommended,242680,19514584,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,gamergirl2814,GOOGD
76561198062319809,Recommended,242680,19982655,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jenapeku2,Very fun game.
,Recommended,242680,13903176,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,$14.88,"Hotline Miami had sex with The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth and this game was the dirty lovechild.10/10, and add 1 to the score every time a new update comes out."
,Recommended,242680,19687560,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Lu,"Roguelikes have to be my favorite kind of game, and Nuclear Throne happens to be masterfully made to be a nearly perfect roguelike. I've played my fair share of roguelikes, more than what my Steam profile may tell you, and I have to say this is goddamn near the best one. In the aspect of gameplay and intensity, this is certainly the highest ranking roguelike in my opinion, yet I find myself playing more Binding of Isaac sheerly because there's no way to tell what kind of crazy stuff will happen next. Nuclear Throne is more of a straightforward roguelike, there aren't many ""crazy"" things that can happen except for a few secrets that you might accidentally encounter, but it still stands to be intense and engaging in its gameplay. Another thing to mention is that most roguelikes have some kind of ending to the game, yet this does not. Sure, it may have a ""final"" boss, but the game still progresses afterwards and greets you with a few more new bosses on top of stronger incantations of older bosses. The fact that this game never ends, just keeps going and going for as long as you can survive, makes it kind of feel arcade-style, and it makes you want to keep practicing to keep going. So where Nuclear Throne doesn't have as much of a randomness aspect as The Binding of Isaac, it makes up for it by constantly challenging you, no matter how good you are at the game."
,Recommended,242680,19435042,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,barefootguy88,"I love this game.Take it. Even if it's in Early Access, is addicting, fun, you can't get enough, ever.Give money to Vlambeer, i need them to work forever."
,Recommended,242680,34241481,Posted: 14 August,all,yung saturnz,fun
,Recommended,242680,19294725,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ksi Has Cancer,"Really good game, Vlambeers I give you a hand. This game is a fun rogue-like shooter even thought its still in early devolpment. I can't wait for the full even more challenging game! Keep it up J.W and Vambeers. #verifyvenuz."
,Recommended,242680,19038266,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,țțțțțAKA,very real
,Recommended,242680,22155216,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Orange Enigma,"After 50 hours with Nuclear Throne I can say with confidence it is worth the purchase. Also, I can say with confidence that I am terrible at it. This game is a bullethell-rouguelike-topdown-twinstick shooter, and it is quite good. The art is nice, and each character is balanced, although each player will end up having a favorite. The gameplay is fast. Really fast. As soon as I die I am left pondering what killed me (thankfully it tells you). You will definitely learn to react quicker and the strategies required to loop throughout your playtime with this game. Daily challenges and weekly challenges keep me coming back, and I love to participate in them. Seeing how I stack up against friends is really fun and I love seeing where I place worldwide (someday I'll be in the top 100 I swear). For the price, it is definitely worth the purchase (also the music is fantastic)."
76561198070191873,Recommended,242680,21082201,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Lil' Reptil,"Oh, so cool the pixel-ar.... oh, I diedRETRY.This barrel looks helpful, oh I diedRETRY.Im goin' to secure myself behind this car, oh I died.RETRY.REACH THE THRONE FOR THE FIRST TIME, oh I died.RETRY. RETRY. RETRY.SO ♥♥♥♥IN' ADDICTIVE."
76561198148758073,Recommended,242680,19242628,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Neoranga311,nuclear throne is a very very hard game but a very very fun one at that
,Recommended,242680,19510544,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,kangarat murder society,"This game is incredible. Simple to learn, difficult to master. Vlambeer are rightly heralded as the masters of 'gamefeel' - just controlling your character is an absolute blast. Wonderful character & enemy design, infinite replayability, and amazing action. I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198138792102,Recommended,242680,23148890,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hellion,"This game is SO HARD, but it's super rewarding when you find that ONE weapon.(a.k.a. the energy hammer)Fast paced, intense, bullet hell gameplay makes this a super great game. 11/10 IGN like Skyrim with guns."
,Recommended,242680,18648161,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,๋,B-)
76561198023023836,Recommended,242680,13633154,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TopKEK,"Santa Claus Bandits, oh and gunz!"
,Recommended,242680,29775012,Posted: 7 February,all,Scorpion Cell>Last Bastion,TIP.5 : don't be a dirty casuali learned a lesson after dying to big bandit for some reason
,Recommended,242680,19538035,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,eluc,You should absolutely buy and play the heck out of this game.
,Recommended,242680,23012304,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Starbolt🌟,This game is hard.10/10 would get to the throne again
,Recommended,242680,29555394,Posted: 28 January,all,SpoopySox7,"I really suck at this game, but it's fun so yeahI give it a waffle out of dank memes(1 like and you get a forced meme)"
,Recommended,242680,31674670,Posted: 10 May,all,Antagonist,"TL;DR: This game will make you suck its♥♥♥♥♥♥and you're going to like it.This game will bend you over, pull down your pants, and ♥♥♥♥ you in the♥♥♥♥♥ It will make you suck its♥♥♥♥♥♥repeatedly, and you will do so happily. Every once in a while, the game will throw you a sympathy hand job in the form of a +2 medkit to refill out of your whopping 8 health to begin with. You will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked repeatedly and you'll enjoy every second of it. The fact that there are absolutely no load times mean virtually every second you spend in this game will be action packed. The game is absolutely merciless and that's part of what makes it so great. There is no story time, no interruption to prevent you from playing the game. It's just nonstop repetitive action and it is worth at least double the current asking price. I have to imagine that this game has made its developers a fortune, and I am very excited to see what other projects they have or may be working on after playing this game. Nuclear Throne is the essence of all that is great in video games and it is an absolute treasure. I think this game will be regarded highly for many years to come.The reason this game has overwhelmingly positive reviews is because the game is overwhelmingly entertaining. It has an infinite amount of replay value, but based on the fact it's like 12 bucks, you should be so lucky to get 3 hours out of it. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, dificult and a♥♥♥♥♥♥load (that fell out of your repeatedly ♥♥♥♥ed♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun.Buy it. Buy it right now. It is abolutely worth every penny. I felt compelled to write this review during a session of playing this game, so I'm going to end my review h"
,Recommended,242680,29735900,Posted: 5 February,all,McCree,"Note: I received this game for free from a friend. However, it will not affect my view in any way.--Positive--Fast and UnforgivingKilling enemies is quick, dying is quick, movement is quick, the whole game has a constant reliance on fast-paced gameplay.Character varietyThere's a lot to choose from right at the start. Each character has their own abilities, look, sounds, loading screen tips and more.Weapon varietyThough not as varied as, say,Enter the Gungeon, you'll still have lots of fun finding all sorts of new weapons to rain bullets and explosions on your enemies.--Neutral--Pixel artstyleI personally think it fits the game well but others may not be so keen on it's retro look.--Negative--Difficulty spikeThe game very suddenly throws an incredibly challenging boss at you on level 5 - 3, and it only gets worse from there.30 FPS lockIt would seem devastating for a game like this to have a FPS lock under 60, but in my opinion the game is still fine with it. 60 FPS would definitely make it more enjoyable, but unfortunately the lock is tied with the engine so the devs would need to remake the game from scratch to hit it.Fast and UnforgivingYep, a double-edged sword. The crazy difficulty could keep players away as much as it could make masochists want to overcome the challenge more.Overall, i'd give this game a shot. It is a lot of fun and I really hope Vlambeer will make a sequel/spirtual successor to it."
,Recommended,242680,21212183,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ashes,"Played for 50 minutes, died more times than in all of my Dark Souls playthorughs."
76561197984628526,Recommended,242680,15385843,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Garydos,Simple way to put thisGood If:You love rougelikesYou love pixle graphicsYou love gunsBad If:If you can seperate people's politics from their work of art.The developer is kind of a grade A A-hole.
,Recommended,242680,11175091,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,smurfy,YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198037626437,Recommended,242680,7368236,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,NZLumbus,"Quick fun action - amazing music, art and gameplay"
,Recommended,242680,14390370,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Hackel,Darn good.Fast paced.Hard as nails.Gameplay that will keep you going and going; And dying almost all the time.What we have learnt to expect from Vlambeer.Con:CARS BLOWING ME UP WHEN THE PORTAL SPAWNS30 FPS cap with a recent game update
,Recommended,242680,7787381,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Toottootpants,The B key's sound output should be in every game. :P
,Recommended,242680,28674801,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,keftes,Addiction. Must buy
,Recommended,242680,15284167,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Do you want some blooming moss?,I grenaded a cactus and died.10/10
,Recommended,242680,20742311,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Possessed Keyboard and Mouse,its good
,Recommended,242680,19848649,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Skie,"An awesome, well-polished twin-stick shooter. It's a very addictive, fast-paced game with lots of secrets and areally enjoyablegameplay. If you liked any of the previous games made by Vlambeer (Ridiculous Fishing, Super Crate Box, Luftrausers) then this isthe definitivescreenshakeVlambeer game. As of today.Well worth the little you have to pay for it. Unless you're a whiny PCGMR that cannot stand the juicy 30 frames per second and funky pixel graphics.It's rad fun.♥♥♥♥ you, Little Hunter"
,Recommended,242680,17004098,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,snif,"if you like shooting everything in ur path,dis is da game for u"
,Recommended,242680,16640260,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,UkicK :9 FUTURE,Dis gaem is whao9²/10
,Recommended,242680,14536969,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,No Name the Bitch,The only game that makes a human with melting skin look cute.Fish can roll. gg
,Recommended,242680,10490163,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Rinth,"Well, what can I say! This is probably my favorite game of all time."
,Recommended,242680,17134852,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,My Hands,Git gud
,Recommended,242680,7572223,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,SATCHMO,"Another god damn indie game sLowbi got me into. It's very much a beta, but it's still playable, and still very fun. It started off as a Mojam bundle game that they expanded into a full game.Basically pick one of several characters, each with a special ability. Procedurally generated levels, kill all the things, pick up the new guns and ammo, and continually progress towards the nuclear throne. It's a little tough at first, but you'll get the hang of it.Maybe not worth the asking price yet, but  definitely worth $5 if you need a game that''s easy to pick up and put down."
76561198040859935,Recommended,242680,20594223,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tits McGee,Blam blam blammity blam! Pew pew pew! Boom! Bam bam ratatatatatata vroosh kaboom blam blam blam!
,Recommended,242680,16511992,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TheDudeAbides,All i'm gonna say is it's difficult as hell and if you like difficult pixel games or difficult games in general that throw bullets at you like a hobo throws shoes then your gonna like this. Go.... why are you still reading just play the game man.... JUST PLAY THE DAMN GAME AND REACH THE THRONE....
,Recommended,242680,21045628,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Avocado,Awesome!
,Recommended,242680,17853720,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Fane,"UPDATED (Again!)""If you think that you will like this game, you probably will."" -SpexguyI don't really know how to describe the game, so here are some bullet points.PROS:-Great Gameplay.-Lots of Characters.-No Stuttering or Lag.-Secrets to Discover.-Devoted Devolopers!-Great Fans.-Daily Challenge.-Weekly Challenge.-Achievements!CONS-Very Small Glitches, None of Which are Gamebreaking.-Gamepads No Longer Work in Single Player, (Does in Co-Op)-Some Menus Act Strange When Using a Gamepad.Overall this game is great, A rouge-like, bullet-dodging, randomized sandwich with a side of fries.Each character has Mutations at the end of each level, with Ultimate Mutations being Character Specific.The levels are very different, from big open deserts to small sewer pathways. Enemies differ just as much as the levels do with some requiring different aproaches.8/10 (Last Review Update: 12/3/2015)"
76561198068876233,Recommended,242680,17542405,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Sir Dicksallot #SabineBestGirl,"The game that makes other Early Acces games look like plain♥♥♥♥♥♥this is how Early Acces SHOULD be!Also,this game is balls to the wall straight adrenaline shoot em up action;NEVER.STOP.TO.THINK9.5/10Vlambeer have my babies"
,Recommended,242680,24528748,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,StillOnTheAir,Bought gamegot madwas badgot gudraged hard11/10
,Recommended,242680,7369234,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,GENERAL RACOON,wut?
,Recommended,242680,12389663,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Olti,One of the most fun shootem Up's / Rougelikes I have played in a LONG while!Recommended 10/10!
,Recommended,242680,24125473,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Vector,"This game is hard.Or maybe it's the fact I'm using a trackpad.Who knows and who cares?Either way, it is an addicting game--- despite having to restart everything everytime you die.I recommend it. It has a nice style and if you don't want a game where you play as a human, GET THIS!!But also and most importantly... it's covered in the illuminati. ;)nah but seriously its a gud game"
,Recommended,242680,20925638,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,andrxw,"I somehow got Plutonium Hunger as every mutation. I looped 4 times, great game 5/7"
,Recommended,242680,21009476,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,scary mharti!!,best game evar made
76561198010945503,Recommended,242680,30081574,Posted: 21 February,all,ClumsyCow,"Great game. Fast paced twinstick shooter/rouge-lite. Worth checking out if you like other games in this sub-genre (like Binding of Isaac or Enter the Gungeon). Sessions are usually pretty short, as you'll likely be dead by floor 2, so not a lot of commitment is required per run."
76561198040722642,Recommended,242680,30092751,Posted: 21 February,all,Caffeiline,"Incredibly frustrating, but always fair. I've never once died and felt like it wasn't my fault.Protip: fish can roll"
76561198140646052,Recommended,242680,23849774,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rat,Awsome!
76561198222862912,Recommended,242680,17410765,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,squishysfatherrage,"it's a lot of fun but quite challenging, when i tell my friends about it, i say ""it's like binding of Isaac with guns"" just to give them a general idea of the game. I recommend it for anyone who likes the rogue likes genre and wants to be part of a constantly evolving community as well as a challenge"
,Recommended,242680,20943212,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Aargph,"nuclear throne is a hard game. not an unfair game, not a broken game. a hard game. that being said, i really hope to see some story behind it and maybe some more mutations. i r8 gr8/8"
,Recommended,242680,7449984,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,5char,"Still has a while to go to be perfect but it is an early access game. The music kicks♥♥♥♥♥and the gameplay is extremely addicting, similar to Binding of Isaac which I played for a long time. Loads more content is on the way so I can see me playing this for ages!"
,Recommended,242680,22979464,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,MaroonIsNotRed,Gr8 game m8 i r8 8/8 out of 8
,Recommended,242680,16984973,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Pardon_My_Waffles,"/!\ SPOILER ALERT/!\And a very big one at that.This is a great bullet hell, as it is already hard as soon as you spawn in! You are put into a series of randomly generated worlds that go from radioactive sewers to robotic tundras trying to get to a Nuclear Throne. It is quite unrelenting, only giving you 3 or 4 levels to get ammo and better weapons to fight bosses. It is a great time killer, as you think you'll do just one more run. Next thing you know, it's been several hours since you last said that. My personal favorite is the Robot, with the Crown of Haste. I always end up accidentally eating my best gun and then stuck in a really inclosed space with something like a bazooka. That's just me right...? Ok..just me then... Anyway, a great bullet hell, time waster, and there is a co-op button, so I have high-hopes that works out. I have high hopes for the creators of Nuclear Throne, and this is an easy 10/10 game in my opinion.And remember, SHOOT STUFF UNTIL IT'S DEAD."
76561197966988450,Recommended,242680,17119683,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Tansit,"It's like a combination of a Rogue-like game meets Rampage & Contra.  The BEST indie game I've ever purchased, hands down."
76561198080042572,Recommended,242680,15409188,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Phil Swift,this game makes me rock hard 10/10
,Recommended,242680,12061281,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,dogbert'st,cool game lets you roleplay aas anime girl
76561198180033302,Recommended,242680,19300394,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Baron Von Bonbon XVIIII,"100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 / 10"
76561198169337824,Recommended,242680,21269005,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,FangTheFreak,10 (i am obviously amazing at reviews)
76561198075263726,Recommended,242680,18748328,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,AnExtraAlcoholicTerrestrial,"A romantic tale indeed. We follow the main, sexy protagonist: Fishy McBlazeit on his quest to nick his mate's chair for a ""social experiment"" prank of sorts. But then, the chair pulls a f***ing 'Monster House' on him and starts trying to rustle Fishy's jimmies.Nuclear Bone, is a rouge-like game, which ultimately means it's harder than Daniel 'Youwantsomeofthis' McStabsalot who lives down by my house. No two runs are the same! The game offers plenty of unlocks too which keeps the game fresh like brand new characters with spooky powers. For example, the big♥♥♥♥♥plant from 'Little shop of horrors', the Illuminati and a pile of flesh.0.6765310/420 Best game of 1942! Would airhorn.wav again!"
,Recommended,242680,18754889,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,AutismSpeaks™,What can I say? Amazing game. Best rouge like I own with the real feeling of a rougelike. Instead of an ending you can loop untill you die. This captures the true spirit and intensity of a rougelike. A few glitches however but they are overseeable. Unless you have invisible cars/rats. I just wish steam acheivements worked.
,Recommended,242680,18066203,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,box,more like nuckamirite
,Recommended,242680,24122988,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,๖ۣۜa pile of eevee,"i get dogged a lot in this game. gg 10/10 its best game ever. can i be done with this review now? oh, well im done typing"
,Recommended,242680,11278514,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,kol,you choose one of eleven nuclear ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and set forth on an adventure to meet Kanye West or something. 10/10
,Recommended,242680,14399140,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Japasneeze,"This game will make your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ clench, but in a good way."
,Recommended,242680,23002637,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,thronebutt,i hate pallace dogs???
76561198168945080,Recommended,242680,15707826,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,SheepyBoy,"Amazing, Addicting, Hours of fun."
,Recommended,242680,12441488,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,hogarthiandiver,"You will instantly lose a good hour of your time when you boot this up. I imagine the devs'll gamify a lot of the pieces soon too. There is something oddly therapeutic about shooting at maggot nests and how the weapons just crunch against enemies in this game, and the mutations, oh the mutations - awesome nod to Crimsonland!This is one of the games, like Terraria, which I would have gladly paid more than what I did (I did not buy this on sale, mind you) for. :)"
,Recommended,242680,14376786,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Dr.Strangelove,Oh god what drug have I let enter my life. Please I need help.
,Recommended,242680,16178825,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Cth,There is an ilumnati character who when you press B creates an MLG airhorn sound.Why shoudnt you buy this game
76561198064302964,Recommended,242680,22322170,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,J4CKH3CK,"Killer game, candy forthose who love romping around shooting at things. I personally do."
,Recommended,242680,22360531,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Tempesto,"Crazy addictive, incredibly fun, ridiculously challenging, and has a phenominal soundtrack. I whole heartedly recommend this game."
76561198030248747,Recommended,242680,22378076,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Blooms,I've been playing this game for around 40 hours and have lost everytime.10/10 would lose again.
,Recommended,242680,7645320,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,bitkid,This game is freaking awesome! Binding of Isaac + Borderlands + amazing pixel art all rolled into one. Yes it is still in Beta currently but just BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ A brand new Rogue-like from the creators of Super Crate Box.The developers are very active with the community and live stream their game developerment sessions every Thursday on Twitch.Score: 9/10
,Recommended,242680,14087793,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dirst,"Easily my game of the year for 2014. It's a lot of fun, and definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,242680,18523381,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,madmax3004,"Do not stand in front of the Throne, I repeat, do not stand in front of the throne."
,Recommended,242680,17662669,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,twisted-,"30 fps cap makes me nauseous after medium-long amounts of play, ruins game for me.Rest of the game is extremely fun, warranting an upvote for the game as most people don't get sick from playing 30 fps games."
76561198158130014,Recommended,242680,17175708,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,froz3inf3rno,8/8 m8really good famwould buy again
,Recommended,242680,24660448,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Squatward,"fish has the ability to shift his weight causing him to do a manuyer called,""roll"""
,Recommended,242680,9590981,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,『亡き』,"Incredibly fun game. Feels great, plus, barrels explode"
,Recommended,242680,19968989,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,8BitPurple,"this quickly became one of my favorite games, reaching the throne for the first time...man it was awesome."
76561198189906623,Recommended,242680,32115857,Posted: 1 June,all,Bridgerino Baxteria,Good game if you can dodge♥♥♥♥♥
76561198209261485,Recommended,242680,17272265,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Tobi,"probably the best game i have ever played, My favorite charactor is plant, because he can trap people in thorns. the game play is very good and smooth. It's very impressive for early acsess, I highly suggest this game"
,Recommended,242680,15806863,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,The Ting Go Skrra,"Great game, you should definately go look at the lore for Nuclear throne, it is a really interesting idea and fun concept by these people.There are many great things in this game ranging from Good Weapons to A Leveling system, so let's just jump into my Pro's and Con's List!(Do note that this game is in early access and there are many planned updates for the future)PRO'S- Level System- Tiers of guns- Many characters, including a specially unlocked character ('The Horror')- An airhorn for YV- Has it's own language!! (Look on the official Wiki)- 4 areas with 3 parts each, along with a 1 part section between each of them.- They play april fools pranks on april fools day- The creators are still very involved in this game and it's production, even almost 2 years after the release.- A looping system, so there's no actual end to the game.- Characters all have their own individual Attributes (Passive and Active).CON'S- Can be extremely difficult- With the randomly generated levels, you can very easily get a very bad run where you get only tier 1 weaponry.- If your PC is trash, there's a lot of stuff happening on screen at once, so have fun with that.That's basically it, i do believe the price is well worth it, so enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,242680,17527249,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,pissgoblin,good.ps: this used to be a wall of text but i clipped it a little
76561198095737121,Recommended,242680,9954629,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,AutisticPenguin,I love the graphics and the gameplay is intense! But every now and then the game will crash.
,Recommended,242680,20741482,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,savagedab69,"join shark, meth, cthulu, microwaved tv dinner, teenager, beauty, cop, rooster, leaf, the microwave, dwayne the rock johnson, and cash omega swag triangle as they fight to the radioactive sofa."
,Recommended,242680,11014522,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Fore,"Fish that does combat rolls, a robot that survives off of guns, The Illuminati with a golden gun and airhorns, The PVZ Chomper with a small cannon, a Melting guy that destroyed in one shot, a living Crystal, a Steroidic Football player, The most adorable Robot ever, a ninja chicken, a literal pile of nuclear waste, a cast of 1 - 6 Desert Wanderers, and now an ex-universal space police agent....That mixed with a metric ♥♥♥♥load of bullets gives you Nuclear Throne.Also Y.V.'s Mansion has the best music <3"
,Recommended,242680,21207205,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Capac Amaru,Its glorious radiation beacons you across the wastelands.Capac and Splitsie play Nuclear Throne on the Co-op Gaming Galaxy!
,Recommended,242680,18755379,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,bad civilization,It's a pretty good game
,Recommended,242680,18721455,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,็็็็็็็็็็,Good game for killing time. 11/10 -IGN
,Recommended,242680,18730651,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Kengur,"This game will literally kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and ♥♥♥♥ you over. Remember that Contra that had 99 lives while the original only had 3? Well this Contral has 1 life... And no continue. And you get your <<S>> at random!When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground."
76561198085785443,Recommended,242680,18778076,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,PeanutGangster,Yes please
76561198041078558,Recommended,242680,18781001,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MakersBoss,My game is bugged Please fix it___________________________________________############################################################################################FATAL ERROR inaction number 1of Draw Eventfor object UberCont:DoDiv :: Divide by zeroat gml_Object_UberCont_Draw_74############################################################################################
,Recommended,242680,18800533,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,olkyt,i like melting
,Recommended,242680,13952948,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Zandalari,You can make the AirHorn noise with Y.V. pressing b ~10/10
,Recommended,242680,29570612,Posted: 29 January,all,Donald J. Trump,"Good alternating multiplayer game to play with the roomates, etc."
,Recommended,242680,23879186,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Buttsmigee,this made me actually want to die but in a good way
,Recommended,242680,30473991,Posted: 12 March,all,Workers,"nuclear throne in nutshell:>Desertfirst boss pretty easy>Scrapyardsecond boss much easier first one>Frozen citythird boss spams cops&bullets>The PalaceVERY FAST ENEMIES BULLET HELL, NO AMMO, YOU ♥♥♥♥ED10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,242680,22885400,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,-25,Don't even hesitate.Seriously.... Stop reading thisBUY THE GAME RIGHT NOWSTOP READING!!!
,Recommended,242680,24322333,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,serious bzns,"Nuclear throne is the best rougelike/Lite on steam.(That i played).Play it.................No really.its better then:Spelunky,Crypt of the necrodancer,Enter the gungeon,FTL,Dont starve,Rouge legacy.And it's probably better then all of the other ones.Its a perfect blend of high octane twitch-based ""Shoot em up"" gameplay (ala. ""Hotline miami"") with the tensity and excitment of similar Rouge-like/lite's like Spelunky and ""Dont starve"".Like most Rouge-like's the game is unforgivingly hard. If you dont pay attention you will be punished and if you are not familiar with this type of game or if you are not the type of player that finds that level of challenge to be compelling or entertaining then this game isn't for you.However if you are the type of player that seeks the thrill of being one stray bullet in the back away from restarting the game, or frantically dodging projectiles as your brain calculates the most optimal route to get out of the terrible situation that is almost all of the time is your own fault, because you rushed out of cover with sub-optimal weapons with no knowledge of how to use them,eventually dodging all of said bullets and giving all of the enemies that just shot at you living hell.then you are truly in for anenjoyable,challenging and extremely frustrating yet so euphorically clensing experience."
76561198064235089,Recommended,242680,21163023,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,VIMAFRO,Just buy it.
,Recommended,242680,20962661,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Heated up Bread,I'm still garbage
76561198181982962,Recommended,242680,21188117,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Lil Cuck,"This is a very fun and addicting game, but it gets very difficult."
76561198113385671,Recommended,242680,21431067,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,snoopidydogg,it is a very fun game
76561198255971426,Recommended,242680,20470266,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Carrotcoregaming,very addictive and a great game hopefully it could be made online
,Recommended,242680,20503584,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ellar k,solid proof that not only garbage comes out of gamemaker
,Recommended,242680,12236165,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jeff,TO ADDICTIVE PLZ HELP  MY CATS GETTING WORRIED!!!!!Best game 2014
76561197974653316,Recommended,242680,20347128,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MilkProduct,A hectic top-down shooter where the goal is to get to a Frozen City where you'll be killed by a blue guy with a jet pack. Kinda wonder why they decided to end the game there but I think it's a nice homage to the Yeti from SkiFree.There's also a Finnish speaking police force in the game. Meet you at the square!
76561198164283822,Recommended,242680,24819285,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Fresh Pie!,Turns out radiation is good for you in whatever messed up universe this is
,Recommended,242680,16639816,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Toaster,"This game man... This game... It's like if Contra and the Binding of Isaac had a bady, that didn't come out right... and then steroids! Fish can roll and you can get this game!"
,Recommended,242680,16066934,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,kmart halloween flashgame season,mony
,Recommended,242680,24977701,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,J A B B A,"I give it 10/10.This game is so well done, the gameplay is high paced, the levels are randomly generated giving it so much replayability and the difficulty is pefectly extreme.The games art style looks great and the audio goes well with it. the game also runs very well (kind of expected from a game like this but still.)I love the enemies and bosses big dog is always gonna be the best imo because of his audio and attacks, lil hunter is a ♥♥♥♥♥ :)The fact that you can keep playing and playing even after beating the 'final boss' is also a very nice feature which allows for a nice ranking system.The achievments in this game are one of my most favourite parts because there actually hard to get and you feel like you have actually acheived something (unlike some games which give you acheivements for killing 10 enemies or playing the game for an hour).The characters are all special in there own way, also there just so cool (Y.V is my favourite).If you enjoy a challenge and/or bullet hell games with great ranking weekly challenges and great acheivements, I highly recommend you try this.Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,242680,21959449,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Caprice,"If the epic explosions and guns of Serious Sam and the artstyle/gameplay of Risk of Rain had a baby and that baby was exposed to Hiroshima's Radiation, then that baby would be dubbed Nuclear Throne. Nuclear Throne is a Bullet-Hell/Roguelike game that features many interesting characters, with different abilities, weapons, level and enemies that help/distract you from reaching the ""Nuclear Throne"" at the end of every game.You have to shoot your way through dungeons/maps that find ways of confusing you, so it's advised that you don't rush them. If you want a game that is packed full of challenges for your hand-eye co-ordination and reflexes, then I definetly believe you should play it.How it manages to tie such a simple genre into an interesting story is quite unique and makes you want to keep going back to play it, just so you can finally say you reached that Nuclear Throne! - 85/100."
,Recommended,242680,15459092,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,cyg niga,I would come out of the ballpit at McDonalds and feed this to children.
,Recommended,242680,22354520,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SylvanSeclusion,I ♥♥♥♥ing suck at this game. 10/10 would recommend though.
,Recommended,242680,24067248,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,mysticallama,"Nuclear Throne is a rogue like-like top down shooter that can feel like a truly amazing experience when a run is going amazing, or it'll make you want to rage hard after losing to a trivial enemy like a maggot.The thing is though...You can't leave the game, every run you take will snare you further into more runs until you resemble into nothing more than a meth addict.Pros:-Lots of guns and melee weapons-Too addicting-Interesting lore-Creative enemies-Very hard for regulars and inviting to newcomers-Neat art-YUNG VENUZ-maymaysCons:-30 fps cap-Crashes sometimes, especially when looping late-Weird aspect ratio for people used to other rogue like shootemups like Enter the Gungeon-Game is like methI'd personally give this a 9/10*Get the coop mod for the game to play with people on public or private servers. My friend and I are still on the long struggle to looping consistently."
,Recommended,242680,24004788,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Avago621,Awesoome rogue like The sheer randomness rivals the binding of isaac but the steep difficulty can be offputing
,Recommended,242680,17185069,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SpaghettiiWithJuice,Fish can roll.
,Recommended,242680,14803045,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,HALCYON DAYS,"Follow the story of several mutant freaks who just want to get along with the rest of crazy post apocalyptic society, one bullet at a time, in the blockbuster game of the year.Find yourself shocked by the fact that you can't make it to the Nuclear Throne on your first playthrough, then be apalled by the fact that you still can't make it on your hundredth.6/10"
,Recommended,242680,22487702,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,sarcasm extraordinaire,"I don't need no bread, I don't need no homeJust everybody dead and my Nuclear Throne"
,Recommended,242680,11301134,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Pigron,10/10 Would rage again.
,Recommended,242680,22134990,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Adlumia,Fish can roll.
,Recommended,242680,19807742,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,AcidSnake87,"Simple, effective, addicting, and worth every penny. I don't know WTF is going on...but it's awesome!"
,Recommended,242680,33153411,Posted: 2 July,all,funeeboi,"You go boom boom, and pow pow 10/10 ign 100/100 5/5 1/1 2/2 3/3 4/4 6/6 7/7 8/8 9/9"
,Recommended,242680,19561163,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Toxic,I love this game! After watching Big Tam (sleepcycles) play this I have been hype for it to be realeased! I have over 100 hours in the game and would totally recommend!
,Recommended,242680,19530398,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Da God of Tits and Wine,"""All me be believe in is the Nuclear Throne"""
,Recommended,242680,19586253,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Bug,"Nuclear Throne is brutal, but in that way where every time you die you go ""Okay, just one more time!"" But you just keep playing.YUNG VENUZ, REPPIN'!"
76561198029022309,Recommended,242680,19733099,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,datboi,"A simple, yet very addicting roguelite twin-stick shooterIf you like tough twin-stick shooters, you really should buy this. The best thing about Nuclear Throne is how satisfying this game feels. Every shot, every explosion is very impactful and the sound effects for everything are really good. That's how such a simple game keeps people coming back for more: solid mechanics, amazing gamefeel and control. There is also a good variety of characters with unique abilities and a ton of guns to play with. I cannot recommend this game more, countless hours of entertainment for a cheap price."
,Recommended,242680,19539466,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Guitarstrings,"This game is super fun, action packed, rage inducing, chaos and it's a blast to play."
76561198103780356,Recommended,242680,19722432,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Joobacca,its like hotline miami but with guns
,Recommended,242680,19574679,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,3Crispy,"Nuclear throne is addicting and super easy to get into. The game has simple controls that work perfectly (on mouse and keyboard) and challenges you to overcome your opposition through skill and reflex.Pros+ Great Art Style and Music+ Learn as you play. (Like most rogue-lite games you learn about the world, enemies, characters, and enviourments as you play. Increasing replay value.+ Diverse cast of characters with different abilities and stats+ Difficult and unique bosses+ Hidden levels that reward the player meaningfully for getting there.Cons- Terrible options menu- Weird Boarders on the left and right of the screen- No online Co-op- Gamepad support is there, but the controls are awkward and aiming is difficult, making player 2 in local co-op seriously handicapped.- Random Crashes in menus. Hasn't happened yet during a playthrough at least.Nuclear Throne is worth the money if you are interested in the genre. If not wait for it to go on sale. It is an easy steal for less than $8."
,Recommended,242680,19526584,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[SAM] Moonskinned,<3
,Recommended,242680,19526890,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SSSpeedbumpé,"Oh man.After two years, it's finally here.I'll keep this review short, for those people who want an outline whether they'll want to buy the game or not.(DISCLAIMER: I HAVE NOT PLAYED ENOUGH OF THE CO-OP MODE, SO I WILL NOT BE ABLE TO REVIEW IT)Let's begin:First off, this game is not for everyone. For the easily infuriated, this game is likely not for you (but you can always try it, if you see that it does not fit you, you can always refund it :P). You will die in this game. A lot.PROS:+Controller support.+Highly addicting.+Endless replayability.+Variety of eveything, whether it be guns, unlocks, B-skins and enemies!+Characters are fun to play, easy to learn and smooth to control.+Amazing audio design, weapons feels satisfying to use.+Dope af soundtrack (it really fits in well with every level/situation you are in)+Local Co-op.+Challenges/Leaderboards, game offers daily and weekly challenges to test you against other players.+Smooth art and animation.+Well though out lore.CONS:-Difficulty could spike really high at a certain point, disrupting the flow of the game.- Crowns could take days to unlock all of them.There is one final thing that I must address, and that is the whole '30 FPS' issue. As most people think that 30 frames is a big issue considering this is a game with a fast paced tone and low res; it really isn't. You can easily play this game hours on end and easily get really,reallyfar into the game.Nuclear Throne offers a true rogue-like and enjoyable experience for hardcore gamers and casuals alike, paired with a fair price and an amazing community to back it up.Also, one final thing, if any problems appear with the game (which rarely do), post it in the forums and the devs will surely work on a fix.EDIT: Engrish and formatting."
76561197972374114,Recommended,242680,19658577,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ace_Card_Bernard,"This might as well be called ""You've gotta be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me"" - The Game. Because thats what you will be saying when you die every five minute with this title.Very fun core mechanics, but i find  the roguelike elements are not strong enough. You'd might as well be playing through the same maps over and over, as there is very little variation in levels. Only on occaision is there a unique gun that spices things up.A great game, but if you are used to a deep roguelike like FTL or Binding of Isaac, you might find this a bit shallow."
,Recommended,242680,19514378,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BulletKing,"Yes i've had this game since the begining, annd although i don't play it but maybe three or four times a week i still throughly enjoy it everytime i play."
,Recommended,242680,19706411,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,OATS LOCATED,*has 70 odd hours play time* its okactually its amazing. seriously i love it. having been here from update 50-ish i am not the oldest player by far. however i love it soooooooooomuch and could not recommend it moar.
76561198139640006,Recommended,242680,19515794,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Srotack,great game 10/10would recommendneed online multiplayer doereally fun
,Recommended,242680,29830401,Posted: 10 February,all,atua bless,Best vocals for a fish I've ever seen in my entire life.
,Recommended,242680,33673812,Posted: 20 July,all,d4 damager,Remember to take a 15 minute break for every hour of play
76561198032786491,Recommended,242680,29096603,Posted: 7 January,all,Knez,After playing this game I am no longer depressed. However.Playing for so much hours and not being able to kill the throne made me schysophrenic.10/10
,Recommended,242680,29076098,Posted: 6 January,all,liamwb_,"So much rip, so much fun"
,Recommended,242680,21803931,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Armss,♥♥♥♥ing hot.
76561198022066655,Recommended,242680,29572360,Posted: 29 January,all,Dot Eater,Not for TREND. Not for CORPORATE ATTITUDE. Not for STONER. Only true DOOM-MURDER HEADS.
,Recommended,242680,23196320,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Pope Francaisco,Bad game. Stay away from my family.
76561198153711587,Recommended,242680,23292097,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,A rather exotic Twig,Good game
76561198129878676,Recommended,242680,23285232,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TwoFaced_Demon,Nuclear Throne is quite addicting and fun to play. Time seems to pass quickly whenever I'm playing! I heard lots of good things about this game and I'm delighted to find out that they're all true!
,Recommended,242680,22898432,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,VICTAN,i just think this game is good. that`s it!
76561198064695312,Recommended,242680,23226329,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Purricane,This game makes me angery but it's fun
,Recommended,242680,30983953,Posted: 6 April,all,Thedankcar,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198063772397,Recommended,242680,23859340,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Elfendor of Elfendor,"Fish can roll, Crystal can shield, You should buy this!11/10 Would smash keyboard again"
,Recommended,242680,16265772,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,NornRuler,One of the best indie games of all time. 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10
,Recommended,242680,33103561,Posted: 1 July,all,Vadux,Can't stop won't stop
,Recommended,242680,30053514,Posted: 20 February,all,Freeman1255,"Nuclear Throne takes the ""screwed over from terrain"" elements of a rouge like and mixes that with very difficult gunplay (the good kind of difficult mind you) meaning you have to utalize every weapon you can find, pick your mutations (you level up from getting rads from defeating foes) carefully and think about which one is either the most beneficial or the least ""I wasted leveling up"" kinda thing (not that the mutations are bad, its just they are random, thus you need to pick the best you can by thinking carefully even tho the mutations that may be available may not be what you were hoping to grabLasltly you need to mae every round count unlike some twin sticks which hand out health packs and ammo frequently, you have to either get lucky or keep an eye out for chests, not to mention, the chests can ""open you up"" if you will by attackingThe game feels like a mix of the binding of issac, mixed with a schmup (can be overwhelming at times and very difficult, but isn't a bullet heck) and a twin stick shooter for obvious reasonsBut this is  an interesting concept  for a game(reminds me of a mixture of rampage (ie be a monster/mutant) mixed with the nuclear post apocalptic aspects of fallout in terms of the game on the ""tip of the iceberg"" if you willBut what keeps you coming back to play the game is that it's very quick to pick up and play (or throw down and rage quit, xd) while also being fun and giving you that ""just one more run"" kind of feeling if you get a game over, and with a cool cast of characters with their own individual traits and abilities (some characters were unexpected) and plenty of replay value, this game is a great game to pick up and who knows, maybe a Nuclear Throne 2 will come around?"
,Recommended,242680,29793385,Posted: 8 February,all,msarge,One of my top 10 favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,242680,29598837,Posted: 30 January,all,Ramen Nap Ruins,Cool game if you're into death.
76561198048630964,Recommended,242680,22524311,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Devilock,I should write a review but I just want to play so bye
,Recommended,242680,12701315,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Fossegrim,You can play as MLG Illuminati dude.
,Recommended,242680,20839180,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,-Crari-,"As good as this indie game may be:It's not perfect, I truly love the art style, the music, and over all game play and difficulty.HOWEVER: if you don't enjoy the rouge like difficulty, then you would probably find this game as horrible."
,Recommended,242680,18781616,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,--,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥please buy this game
76561198127246982,Recommended,242680,19985328,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,zeeborphis,monsters guns explosions death= NUCLEAR THRONE
76561198258858873,Recommended,242680,19560439,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Illuminatify,there go's 460 hours of my life
,Recommended,242680,13507431,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,goody3shoes,supper sexy
,Recommended,242680,15023771,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,CJ Soundboi,"Amazing game with very addicting qualities. Characters are varied and very interesting with fun mechanics such as meltings explosion move or rouges portal strike. Only downsides are the rng screwups which end would-be good runs early without you being able to save yourself, and the sharp teeth - rebel bug which has made enemies invincible on any stage 3 bird enemy, forcing me to end my run (This has happened every single time I have done this on stage 3)."
,Recommended,242680,19897246,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,shionaidle,0.1 hours and I already reached the Nuclear Throne.
76561198343616874,Recommended,242680,29611225,Posted: 31 January,all,♥Neko Chara♥,this is a great game you should defeinetly get it how ever please do note that you must play the A LOT to get good. have fun and have a nice day! :D
,Recommended,242680,15190807,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Alphaeus,I skipped my grandfather's funeral to play it.
,Recommended,242680,24088038,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Meenah Peixes,i hate this
,Recommended,242680,24137769,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,hi,Cool
,Recommended,242680,34210326,Posted: 13 August,all,S I R  M O I S T  <THOT SWAT>,I've played for a little and I can't feel my everything anymore.
45345635646564564,Recommended,242680,34249460,Posted: 14 August,all,sssss,10/10
,Recommended,242680,22840071,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,depression.txt,i like it.
,Recommended,242680,34361203,Posted: 19 August,all,Caesar,Sometimes i feel like i'm finally mastering this game but then It reminds me a few minutes later that in fact i have a long way to go
,Recommended,242680,34558632,Posted: 28 August,all,HomeM8de,if you play this game alot. you will get tired of the first round
76561198200275165,Recommended,242680,34380578,Posted: 20 August,all,Bobbleheadguy19,I like this game a lot. It's fun u have worlds and u have to get through to the nuclear throne with out ending up dead
,Recommended,242680,34433526,Posted: 23 August,all,Tea_Box,holy good
76561198274760271,Recommended,242680,34239776,Posted: 14 August,all,HyperLight_Ghost,Probably one of the hardest games I've played but still extremely fun.
,Recommended,242680,34811743,Posted: 8 September,all,InyBisInsu 🍄,"What did they just say? Mutated fish, weird crystal thingy, some triangular god and some half melted skeleton. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,242680,34610227,Posted: 30 August,all,Pfiffikus,Nuclear Throne really makes you feel like batman
,Recommended,242680,12675982,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Woot,Fish can roll
,Recommended,242680,34852610,Posted: 9 September,all,Cleats,I play YV cuz he has mony
76561198036120527,Recommended,242680,27968946,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Maowi guy,my life could not have been worse
76561198144439984,Recommended,242680,25715713,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Rakan,Uno de los mejores juegos de la historia en la categoria de Rogue-Like10/10
76561198031235616,Recommended,242680,12644444,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,kibop,"Once again Vlambeer creates one of the greatest Rogue-like games of all time! With over 100 weapons, 10+ mutations(upgrades) and , 10+ characters. This game has taken up most of my free time as it will yours. I got into this game by several Youbers including bisnap, Kakujo, Sleepcycles.This game has procedurally generated level, weapons, and mutations. I has perma-death and unlockables. The looping system in this game is very complex. So don't expect to win in your first 10 hours.As a semi-pro like myself many people are competitive and try to do the ""dailies"" , a seeded run in which you get only one chance to achieve glory on the leaderboards. The recently added dailies have preset characters, mutations, Crowns, and weapons.2 of my friends have this game and seem to have taken a linking to it. I will tell you the story of my people. Blaghs blgggagh blasgghs. Thank you Fish for that demonstration. The wraps up my review for Plutonium Chair. 10/10 Vlambeer."
,Recommended,242680,21928114,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,PiTMiN,"FYI I have used a different save purely to the experience the crowns, as they provide a whole new challenge all-together. It is also the reason why I have all of the achievements unlocked, where as in actuality, I have around half.****I HAVE COMPLETED THE GAME, LOOPED AND SUCH, I SIMPLY CANNOT BE BOTHERED TO GRIND FOR CROWNS****Nuclear throne is one of those games where you WILL have a love/hate relationship.Love it for its characters, setting, fantastic soundtrack, bosses and butt-ton of weapons,and hate it for its brutal difficulty and the occasional area where good runs go to die (im looking at you crystal caves).So, lets get into it shall we?Nuclear throne is a roguelike shooter set in a post-apocalyptic world filled with mutants, freaks and everything inbetween. You play as a rhag-tag band of mutants, all filled with character and personality. These mutants dream of placing their mutant butts on the nuclear throne, a myth thats believed by these guys. These mutants are special, because as soon as they die, they get teleported back by these mystical portals popping up across the wasteland.The story is simple, you choose a mutant, and you travel across the many lands filled with a variety of freaks, bandits and  floating ♥♥♥♥ing crystals. In every main area (Badlands, scrapyard Etc) you'll encounter a boss that you must slay in order to go to the sub areas (Not the official name, but something I call them). These are areas that are inbetween the ordinary, 3 level areas. These are 1 level areas that are completely different in setting to other areas and hold special enemies and loot.After doing all of this (Trust me, its a long task) and doing specific things related to things I cant say due to spoilers, you can loop. This means going aaaaaall the way back to the start, but this time its harder, much, much harder. The enemies are tougher and theres a whole new cast of bosses to slay, each one harder than the last. The loot is better, but the risk is bigger.The way collectibles go, there are B-skins for every playable mutant, unlockable by doing specific things, some hard, some are very easy. There are also crowns to unlock through playing, this is essentially run modifiers that you can aquire mid way through the run or at the beginning. They add an extra challenge for the seasoned veteran. There are also golden guns that replace some of the original guns. These special versions are found in a certain area(s) and increase certain stats of the weapon or doing specific things. Also, it shines ingame and can replace the starting pistol if you finish the area its found in.The soundtrack is one of the best ive heard ever. And ive played quite a few games in my time. Each boss has its own song to go in the backround and each area has its own song too. Its so good that I listen to the songs in my spare time.So, to break it down, heres a simpler form of what I just said for the challenged reader:Pros:Fantastic sountrackVibrant characters (That talk in their own made up language)Simple yet enjoyable storyinteresting lore (read that♥♥♥♥♥♥ its brilliant)colourful and marvelously designed areasbeautiful character and enemy designA lot of variety in enemy types and looksBosses are amazing yet challenging if not preparedBrutally hard- Keeps you on your toes at all times, even if you are just fighting a few banditsArtwork is brilliantDevs that listen to the community and are gamers themselvesCons:Some areas are more unbalanced than others (Crystal caves again...)Bugs are uncommon, but come in small sizesOften times you wonder ""What the hell just killed me""Thank you for reading, this game is my favorite roguelike, and I love it, even though my hours say otherwise.Would I reccommend this game? Without a doubt. Are there things that could be improved? Of course, but every game is like that. Its 8.99 for endless fun, anger and stupidity with the amount of loot, weapons and collectables to be collected.Thank you again for reading."
,Recommended,242680,20704040,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Znowu skrzydełka na splocie,"One of the best roguelike games, comparable to The Binding of Isaac. Głowasz, praposz."
,Recommended,242680,13764378,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CAMISSIKA,gud gaem
,Recommended,242680,19707647,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Theovert,all i can say about nuclear throne is that it's fun and it willmake you its ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,242680,9349158,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,stickler,Among other new games that claim to be roguelike like this one it's more of an action shooter with randomized levels and enemy locations. Unlike other games trying to cash in on this sickening trend of randomized levels and describing their games wrong this game is actually good. I paid full price for it but I'm sure in a couple months you'll be able to get it for a dollar in a humble bundle.
,Recommended,242680,23712925,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cosmi,There is a guy that is a Gun God and he pop pops people and he is opdude just buy the gameits cheap
,Recommended,242680,29917276,Posted: 14 February,all,BeckerMilkTea ⦿ @Fortnite BR,Fish can roll
76561198064105773,Recommended,242680,21032490,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,miao,Melting is the hardest character to unlock.
76561198087162771,Recommended,242680,7758712,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,viroid1,This is a really fun rouge-like game. It has hours of replay-ability and it worth the cost.
,Recommended,242680,8001672,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Razenole,"Couldn't reccomend this game enough. It's really fun and crazy, incredibly challenging and chaotic.If you're a bit dubious about picking it up during early access, keep an eye on it for release. However, seeing the game shape and mould with each update, which are very frequent, is fun in itself."
,Recommended,242680,8211327,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The_Muffin_Man13,"This game is pretty good, I get excited when it gets an update because I love to see what they added to the game. Still a work in progress and i cant wait for the finished game."
,Recommended,242680,8917095,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Chucklehead Tom,"Nuclear Throne is a bit of a mixed bag for me. It's incredibly fun, has a high replay value, and it's also challenging. But when I say challenging, I mean it. It's brutally difficult and unforgiving of mistakes, and you will die. A lot. But otherwise, it's a fun rogue-like that I can recommend to fans of these types of games."
76561198048998186,Recommended,242680,9074317,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,TheBytemaster,"Crazy good game. Fast, harsh, brutal, unadulterated and randomly-generated glee/rage/fun. Cannot recommend highly enough. THIS is the game that you put up on a projector and throw a party with. Tons of variety and content, (especially for a beta!) and it's only getting better as time goes. Some of my favorite highlights/features/doohickies include.;- ASPLOSIONS. Lots of 'em. Asplodey-ness is not lacking here. Cars explode, enemies explode, barrels explode, grenades and rockets and sticky bombs all explode, heavy hitting, nice solid sounds, adjustable screenshake for those who have sensitive eyes/want MOAR glory out of life; all the good stuff.- Over 50 weapons and about a bajillion combinations. Everything from shotguns to screwdrivers to laser miniguns and jackhammers. Yes, you can kill bosses with screwdrivers to rub it in if you want.- 10 unique characters, all with their own passive and active abilities. Have you ever wanted to dual-wield sledgehammers? This is the game for you.Each character totally changes the gameplay, and there will likely be one or two more released before the game is finished. Adds a ton of replay value, especially for the price, which IIRC will probably go down a bit when the game is released if you’re not into “beta” stuff. I highly recommend buying it now though, weekly auto-updates are a joy to behold and seeing the game change and grow so quickly is one of the coolest things ever.-This is -literally- the only game ever where, ""aww crap I ate my laser pistol by mistake instead of my blade gun"", is a valid complaint to make..- Mutations! 21 of them and counting. Mutate new limbs and powers on the fly! This is one of the centerpieces of the game really, and it gives it a lot of strategy and depth without being too complex.. Should you play it safe with Rhino Skin and Rabbit Paw? Or go in all guns blazing with Laser Brain and Extra Legs? You decide!- Interact with the devs! The devs are awesome and actually listen to and interact with their community. They host open-chat livestreams every tuesday and thursday where you can see what game developing is all about behind the scenes. You could easily influence the development of the game if you have an idea they like!- Nuclear Crowns! These are like mutations, but they’re harder to get and change the game in more interesting ways. For example; the crown of guns replaces ammunition drops with MOAR GUNS. (This bit is still very WIP.)- One bazillion unique enemies and three spectacular bosses (and it’s still in beta!). Lots and lots of them, all ready to cause you rage/be blown backwards at ludicrous speeds. The polish on the enemies is amazing.- Incredible sound effects by Joonas Turner. Every shot is a war cry and every explosion is a burst of life. This game is ALIVE with sounds. Each mutant/enemy even has/will be getting their own voice-overs and sound effects.- Oh right. I forgot. THE BOSSES. They rule. Intense? You've never seen intense before. Pounding music, bullet hell, death, glory, spit and grit, it's all here. When's the last time you fought a rampaging mechanical dog the size of a dinosaur? I rest my case.- Amazing soundtrack by KOZILEK. Guitars, harmonicas, heavy synths, thumping bass. There I go again making lists... Long story short; I've listened to it for 50+ hours and still love it.- SECRETS! There’s already a secret area. Pure legit-ness on a stick. Golden weapons, B-skins, secret music, all of these round out the game nicely and keep you coming back for more.- Oh, and the soundtrack is FREE! (at least for now). Just go into the folder where the game is stored and you'll find a handful of mysterious .WAV files lying around. Yeah, that's right. You're welcome. *blasts airhorn*- Crunchy 8-bit pixel-art goodness by Paul Veer, one of the best pixel artists around. Smooth animation looks great, and the characters/enemies are all lively. Did you know that the shotgun-toting alligators smoke cigars and breathe the smoke out of their noses when not fighting? Look closely, it's there.- VERY minimal system requirements. I'm running this on a 5-year-old dell laptop with a Nvidia Quadro 160M graphics chip; solid 60fps.So, that about wraps up what I think! 2 crystallized thumbs and a robot leg up!If you’re still on the fence about getting it, I’d recommend getting the FREE Mojam prototype and precursor to this game, (Wasteland Kings), and giving it a try first! (keep in mind that Nuclear Throne is about 4-6 times better)You can give that for a spin, (as well as some other amazing FREE games), athttp://vlambeer.com/3/andhttp://store.vlambeer.com/Thanks for reading!(TL:DR, this game is amazepants and you should buy it NOW.)"
,Recommended,242680,9095768,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Mojo Jojo,so damn hard.  but so damn great.
76561198010771034,Recommended,242680,9644545,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,metahominid,"This game is pure awesome! Despite being early on in development, unlike many other early release I haven't experienced any nasty bugs or crashes. The game itself is as others describe it ""rogue-lite""; a fast paced and intuitive rogue-like game that is easy to play and easier to get addicted to. One of the tags very fittingly describes it as a 'procedural death labyrinth'; enemies, item drops and level layouts are somewhat randomized while still following a storylike theme as you delve through deserts, sewers and icy wastelands. Gamepad support is available, though not fully supported at the moment but nonetheless capable and fun. The artistic style is simply wonderful; nostalgic and beautiful in its simplicity.The best aspect is the various and colorful characters to play; each is rather wacky but presents varied play styles. All are great fun and are difficult in a number of ways. There are certainly things that are apparently lacking but these are easily overlooked in the face of its depth, fun and most importantly the promise at such an early stage.Don't waste your time!BUY THIS NOW!7/10"
,Recommended,242680,7370765,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,HaVoK308,"It's created by Vlambeer. It's a Roguelike, similar to The Binding of Isaac. What more you need to know? Sure it's in beta form, but it is crazy fun."
76561198065199513,Recommended,242680,8085944,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,jwelker7788,"I have to say that Nuclear Throne is a very fun game and has a nice challenge to it, but at certain parts it seems that the challenge/skill curve is very steep, and it is somewhat of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥when the dungeons sometimes have enough XP to level you up, where as other playthroughs barely give you enough to get halfway to the next level. Apart from that, my only other complaint is that it could use a mechanic where Chicken is able to regain his head and the player gets like half health every time they die (in a level) rather than running around headless and hoping that God favors you and lets one of the mobs drop a health pack for you to revive with. All in all; an amazing game even this early on, can't wait to see what the finished product looks like and what new characters/elements the bring in."
,Recommended,242680,9204463,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,an illusion,10/10steroids r my favourite
,Recommended,242680,9468175,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,SQUOG!!!!!!!,"This is slowly becoming one of my favorite games. It's super addicting, the combat really packs a punch, the soundtrack's great, and I wouldn't expect anything less from Vlambeer.I'm usually not one to do Early Access, but Nuclear Throne is one of the best Early Access titles on the service. There's a ton of content in the game already, to the point of where they  could probably release it as is now. They update consistently each week, and each update feels like extra content rather than filling in core parts of the experience.Vlambeer is also really active on the community forums, responding to questions, suggestions and feedback as well.Buy it."
76561197979835340,Recommended,242680,9940694,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,chrojin,This game is great if you like games about what this game is about.
76561198046259157,Recommended,242680,8498610,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Squatchy,"It's like getting my borderlands fix in 5 minutes or less, all of the chaos and fun, none of the time commitment"
,Recommended,242680,8837399,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,micycle057,"Oozing with style and fantasically satisfying gameplay, Nuclear Throne will knock you down time and time again only to have you come back begging for more."
,Recommended,242680,8141456,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,deadz,"This is a fantastic, hypnotizing & mesmerizing little Action-RPG. My friends and I literally lose ourselves for hours in the top-down bullet-hell-esque mayhem. Super addictive and super worth it. BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW, I WOULD HAVE PAID TWICE AS MUCH. I JUST HOPE THEY TAKE IT EVEN FURTHER AND EXPAND EVEN FARTHER THEN THEY'VE PLANNED SO FAR. I WOULD LOVE TO SEE A WHOLE SLEW OF AWESOME LOVEABLE AND BADASS CHARACTERS AND MORE DEPTH AND SECRETS."
76561198083259551,Recommended,242680,8896007,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,EdithCranwinkle,Wonderful game. Really get lost in it and hours will pass. Love it
76561198060593306,Recommended,242680,7377262,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Tickle Pants,Really fun rogue like with a lot of potential!
,Recommended,242680,7428106,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,sadow,"Hours of mutant, laser, crossbow shooting fun."
76561198118712883,Recommended,242680,8474305,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,So Many Deers,"Great game, almost endless fun."
,Recommended,242680,8957435,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,|αη| Baron von Bean-Jam,"I first heard of this game a long while back when it went by a different name and desired to be ""The Binding of Isaac with more skill-indexed gameplay"". Or something like that. A good many months and a name change later, I feel as though they really nailed what they were going for. The shooting is solid, projectile deviation isn't too bad and a successful playthrough to completion isn't determined by lucky item drops but by your ability. But...what exactly is this game, you may ask?This is a top down shoot-em-up roguelike that features a cast of characters with their own gameplay quirks.They have their own abilities or traits that you have to (slightly) alter your playstyle to embrace, with some making the journey to the throne a good deal easier than others. You keep fightin' till you die and then you start over with randomized levels, items and all of your traits that you gained by leveling up gone.The difficulty of this game can be described as...definitely challenging, because it wastes no time in punishing you if you make a mistake. You don't have invulnerability frames (or any that I've noticed), so you'll get quickly melted down by machine gun fire, actual fire and hordes of melee enemies. If you're not dead outright, you'll definitely be close.Speaking of death and adapting your playstyle, one of the funner things you can do is play as the Chicken.When you die as her, her head pops off and she can run around for a little while still able to attack before finally actually dying. Combine this with the trait earned through leveling up that allows you to get health for killing enemies, and you have a way to potentially be unkillable (if you're lucky enough to have it activate on a constant basis).That is but one of the wacky things you can figure out to do in this little, action-packed gem.Which, I should add, is still in early access as of this review. I greatly look forward to see where this goes in terms of balance and content addition.Amazing score / 10, will definitely play again"
76561198074959647,Recommended,242680,9599559,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,gaming lizard,"Only bad thing in this game is trailer, but they will change it."
76561198044789676,Recommended,242680,9905934,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,GarlicOverdose,"Very few developers manage to blend audio, visuals, and user input as well as Vambleer does. Nuclear Throne is a simple, face-paced, highly-addictive game that satisfies some visceral urge that I can't quite put my finger on. You need to play it to experience it. Trust me.5/5"
,Recommended,242680,9914750,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Jeff Cogan,luv dis shizzle
,Recommended,242680,10224925,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Jade greensunGnostic,"Tricky as all hell, unreliably random, sometimes even unfair. But nothing quite stacks up to being able to take a few mutations to bomb-proof yourself, then run head-on into a swarm of powerful enemies, using a bazooka like it's a melee weapon."
76561198177689849,Recommended,242680,17050305,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,PoloBaquerizoH,"Awesome! if you are a fan of The Binding of Isaac this game is definitely a must play also a very very unique game as well, while playing it you will feel it a a truly unique game...old school dungeon crawler top down shooter rogue-like vibe and what can I say is a Vlaamber game..meaning masterpiece."
,Recommended,242680,17687088,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Giraffedominator,this game is perfection
,Recommended,242680,19555687,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Burgzaza,"Excellent shmup !You must reach the Nuclear Throne ! There are like 10 characters, each of them with a special power used with right clic.You gain experience collecting iradiated items that drop from enemies, and choose a perk in a randomized selection of 4 perks each when you reach a lvl of experience.A very large game of always punchy weapons from the trusty revolver to the triple grenade launcher and the blood saber and so on.Vey satisfying feeling, great smooth gameplay, randomized levels, secrets levels also, elite creatures and special bosses.And very difficult ! When you die you litteraly facepalm each time. But it's always a pleasure to restart, as each time your character is very unique, as levels. Apparently you when you reach the Nuclear Throne you can loop and fight even more difficult items and continue, but I never reached this :pVery enjoyable."
,Recommended,242680,24304197,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Typical Apples,How to play-buy-download-play-die-die-die-die x274-throne fight-comp crashes-repeat10/10 would die again
76561198069539910,Recommended,242680,14276426,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,agchico,"When you see a game from Vlambeer, you KNOW it´s a game from Vlambeer. It has always been top tier in every aspect; excellence in audio, gameplay and character design. They nailed Luftrausers, they nailed Ridiculous Fishing and they nailed Nuclear Throne. It´s the perfect mix of never-ending action with a delightful ambience, SFX and content.It has local coop, daily/weekly runs and dozens of characters, hundreds of guns and a handful of secret areas. A never ending arcade that achieves every aspect of its genre in perfection, being in constant addition of new content and with some amazing devs that deverve way more attention :)GO BUY IT RIGHT NOW out of 10"
,Recommended,242680,26097125,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,【Toxic】,"You're gonna die... a lot. It's not a thing you can avoid.But as an actual review, this game is AMAZING!The gameplay it fast-paced, over 100+ guns, Crazy bosses, 14 characters; each with their own unique abilities and lore, and even a stats menu do see how many times you've died!WHAT'S NOT TO LOVE!?If you're a fan of difficult games then this is for you!Highly recommed!"
,Recommended,242680,29872775,Posted: 12 February,all,Grain,Irradiated Chair is my favorite looping simulator.9.4/10
76561198120812091,Recommended,242680,29767891,Posted: 7 February,all,Cheeki potato,If you:*Like Topdown shooters*Beilive In RNGsus*Have time*can affod this game*any combination of the aboveGet it
,Recommended,242680,22776173,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CuriousLemur,"Very fun, very well balanced. Great sense of achievement when making that extra little bit of progression each time. A rogue-like, done brilliantly. And hey, there's always extra point for letting me hoy people across the map with a swing of the wrench.No regrets!"
,Recommended,242680,35234674,Posted: 26 September,all,Ｍєн.,reeely good
76561198019431151,Recommended,242680,9165760,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Scrublord,"Although still in early access, Nuclear Throne provides a thoroughly satisfying rogue shooter experience. The array of characters to choose from keeps the runs fresh by allowing players a variety of playstyles. You receive ""mutations"" or powerups as you level to further customize your playthroughs. This game always leaves me wanting more, including more content. It is well worth the time and money at this stage, and I can't wait to see what else the developers have in store for us."
,Recommended,242680,20750715,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,snackle,i play this before work sometimes and it makes me late
,Recommended,242680,21757755,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,BlacKest KocK,"Its a great game, amazing pixle art, its epic controller support has a very smooth"" weight"" to every weapon,shot,movement, ALT attacks. all around 10/10, and i have only ever given 2 games that much respect"
,Recommended,242680,28741439,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Alex,"Stupendously fun, a lot of replayability!"
76561198079407729,Recommended,242680,23333452,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Golden Dreams,Ever so slightly addictive.... 10/10 would throne again.
,Recommended,242680,23617607,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Kaenidi,"A gem in the steam store that people need to know about. The gameplay is challenging and doesn't feel unfair, the characters are each unique and fun to play, the soundtrack is fantastic (can be hard to notice tought) and now that mods are possible for this game, it makes it increases the replayability. If you enjoy games that are similar to the dungeon crawling feeling of binding of isaac or a bullet-hell game that requires skill and quick reflexes and thinking, I would recommand you to get this, it's worth every penny for the ammount of gameplay you can have with this!"
76561198130401192,Recommended,242680,24390603,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,HaveSomeCHEESE,"I used to enjoy going to art museums, until I realized that the most beautiful thing in the universe is a little white box with a heart on it.EDIT: I've been playing offline, so my actual playtime is closer to 100 hours."
,Recommended,242680,34692437,Posted: 2 September,all,TurtleDogg,"Addictive, underappreciated rogue-like. Check it out."
76561198162724038,Not Recommended,242680,33103078,Posted: 1 July,all,salty_mayhew,"Nuclear Throne is soild game in terms of bugs and glitches, but the gameplay definitely has some problems.Pros:-  Nice art style-  Replayable (Obviously)-  Fun for when your bored-  Decent or good soundtrack (Each to their own tastes)-  Funny and quirky charactersNeutural:-  Very difficult (Each to their own tastes)-  It's quite pricey (In terms of content) selling for $11.99Cons:-  Gets stale after about 3 rounds-  You feel like most rounds are just failures instead of you unocking new items, characters, etc.-  Not many items or weapons-  Not many upgrades per character-  Not much enemy variety-  Some characters are better than others, making some other characters useless (Useless unlease you want to 100%)-  Suffers from the ""Play for five minutes then put it down"" syndromeThough I wouldn't say Nuclear Throne is a bad game, there's just a better selection right now.Final Rating - 4/10"
,Not Recommended,242680,30871356,Posted: 1 April,all,Hamburg,"So first of all, I want to state that I love the game.But sadly as much as I love it I cannot recommend it to anyone, since the devs(or dev I forgot how many people are developing the game) left the game as soon as it left Early Access.Ive played since early access(beta ish) and I really really enjoyed the gameplay. but once April`s fools came out last year and they did nothing,(comparing to the 2 years before) that was the moment I realized that the devs are done with the game.You can check when was the last news, upadtes, product update etc. and you won`t find anything since they abandoned the game. I would love to recommend it,But if you buy itNothing new is going to come out nor bug fixes."
,Recommended,242680,13349002,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Sponkmonkey,Only for TRUE DOOM MURDER HEADS.
76561198107198521,Recommended,242680,15284715,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,gosh,"Started the game, died.1337/69 would die again"
,Recommended,242680,24508407,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Fyuchanick,"Touch a scorpion twice? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Miss with an explosive or disc weapon? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Stand in the first boss' line of fire for 2 seconds or more? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Stand on the other side of a thin wall from the first boss? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Let a big green rat stay alive long enough to do its wall-destroying dash? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Encounter 2 elite enemies in the same level? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Fail to kill an assassin in the couple of seconds it takes it to get to you? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Have a robot sniper behind a particularly tank enemy, or on the other end of the map? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Get too close to the second boss while it is exploding on death? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Touch a laser crystal? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Stay in a laser crystals' line of sight while it is firing? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Fight lil' hunter (The third boss) without having a high tier weapon that is either homing, bursting, or multi-shot, or without a completely empty section of the level to fight him in? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Get to close to an explo freak? You did not reach the nuclear throne.Get enough dog guardians in the same level? You did not reach the nuclear throne.See nuclear throne for the first time, without any idea of what to expect? You almost reached the nuclear throne.tl;dr you will often have failed to obtain the radioactive seat."
,Recommended,242680,19514239,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Pixelboyable,Get it
,Recommended,242680,15269663,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Laser,You did not reach the Nuclear Throne.Lil Hunter why do you hate me.
,Recommended,242680,30182388,Posted: 25 February,all,buttlm,exploding plants ruin this game. 0/10
,Recommended,242680,15566287,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Normie,"Haven't got to the throne yet, but press B to airhorn."
,Recommended,242680,13260820,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Cheetodexter,TF2 and Isaac had a beautiful love-child
76561198093054400,Recommended,242680,33162314,Posted: 2 July,all,B R O W N T O W N,this is dope
,Recommended,242680,29912652,Posted: 13 February,all,postal,this game helps me recognize i am a failure :)
,Recommended,242680,19858254,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DarkTree,"before i progress further in this review, BUY THIS GAME (but only if you're not a ""easy difficulty"" pleb)this game is hard. like, really hard. really, really, REALLY hard.as of writing this, the game has 12 unlockable characters (14, if you count super secret ones) and each one is so different from eachother, has their own advantages and disadvantages, and each one has crazy possiblities that lead to totally different runs. i'm not going to list each one, of course, but my personal starting character reccomendation is Crystal, she's pretty goodthere are 7 main levels, but it follows a certain formula; (normal level, 3 sections, final section has a boss) (transition level, no boss [except for on loops]), repeat x4, loop/win, repeat x4, etc. keep in mind, each level is randomly generated with enemies, the area itself, and the pickups and props that spawn.weapons are pretty cool, they all draw from 5 ammo reserves (bullet, shell, bolt, explosive, energy), and pickups for ammo can either be found in ammo chests or just dropped by enemies. 2 guns can use the same ammo reserve, and that means that 2 different types of ammo don't drop, just the one that you're holding. but that means if you run out of ammo for one, both are useless.there's local co-op but it's only supported by gamepad and it's pretty dysfunctional imo. then again, i've never properly played it with another personthis game has secret stuff and that means this is the kind of a game which i like to call a ""wiki-based"" game, where you constantly have to look stuff up either when you're not playing or pause and pull up another tab to look stuff up. it almost never gives you hints on the secret stuff, and when it does, it's exTREMELY cryptic. i don't mind it that much, thomutations are selected after you get enough rads (level two starts at 60 rads, after leveling up, the next level will take an extra 60 rads to get to) you get to select a mutation. mutations are passive upgrades that will usually have either next to no effect or save your life. there are a lot of them. and none are permanent, nothing is, except for charactersanways, if i had to give this game a metacritic-like score i'd give it 93/100. buy it. you may not enjoy it as much as me, but ♥♥♥♥in' buy it, bro. this game is an experience i think everyone should have."
,Recommended,242680,16942816,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,★☆Star☆★,"Vlambeer you glorious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, you've made yet another crazy and addicting game that's worth every penny."
,Recommended,242680,20879255,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Lizard,its ok
,Recommended,242680,19800340,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,sadboi,This game is more frustrating than my sex life.10/10 from a sexually frustated dumpling
76561197965064951,Recommended,242680,12703793,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,maxross21,"Another addicting rogue-lite variation, this time combining it along with bullet hell / overhead shooter mechanics. Very fun!   Considering this is early access, it seems polished and a solid game. Probably not much replay value after it is beaten, but it is well worth the price tag.For reference, at 3 hours played, I have gotten halfway through the game exactly one time. And a lot of that was luck! This game is challenging, but gets better with practice. It's (usually) not unfair :)"
76561198016042536,Recommended,242680,19514577,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Xavi,I will never reach the nuclear throne! :)
,Recommended,242680,14475462,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Quantum Kitten,"Dark souls the rogue like, and its not fun"
76561198132806988,Recommended,242680,24359266,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Havoc,"This game is amazing, but its hard as my♥♥♥♥♥♥when I see rogue ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,242680,26041154,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ultra lit fam 🔥💯,"Nuclear throne is p good cause the The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start."
76561198066837205,Recommended,242680,18930675,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Diodio12345,SOOOOOOOOOOOO MANYYYYYYYYYYY beatssssssss HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥popopopopopopopoppopopopopopopopop
,Recommended,242680,19273969,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Rawr the Dragon,OMG ACHIEVEMENTS! FINALLY
,Recommended,242680,19517074,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,oh fucc yes thats the ticket,Crystal can't block elite shielder plasma 0/10
76561198139635808,Recommended,242680,15591017,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TheNationalGourd,very fun and exiting game
76561198004311243,Recommended,242680,16031170,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,D ☰ ☰ P $ P Λ C ☰,"I can't recommend this game enough. Truly one of the best rogue likes ever made, and it's got more and more to come.10/10 It's pretty good i guess"
,Recommended,242680,20012101,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,lil mop,fun af
76561198095442907,Recommended,242680,12354170,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,lucasrhys,I found a glich in the game that makes all the character's locked please fix it.
,Recommended,242680,30682231,Posted: 23 March,all,nightly ★,its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,242680,12648678,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,borderline sex offender,"What can you say about Nuclear Throne? It's a really fun and addictive pixel game. Let's start with the cons.-SOME bugs here and there, nothing special-UuuuuuuuuuhAnd now the pros+Nice amount of charactes and original names.+Huge weapon variety+Nearly constant updates that fix and add important stuff.+Very good amount of levels, and if you beat the final boss the games "" loops "" were all enemies from all levels accompany you trough the game AGAIN.+Amazing skills and skills synergy+Omfg multiplayer+Fair price+Graphics are smexy+Guns sound stupidly good and feel powerful+Final boss is weird.+Enemy variety is sweet.+Effects are cool."
,Recommended,242680,29537378,Posted: 28 January,all,eat my short,gg
,Recommended,242680,13012505,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Mineration,"I feel like a maniac when i play this game, and is that a bad thing? Nope."
,Recommended,242680,23766375,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Raccoon Thing,A nuclear must-own.
,Recommended,242680,19512549,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Threeeeeeeee,Finally going to the loop and get killed by a cactus that on the way...
,Recommended,242680,24979365,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mac DeMarco,MELTING IS TIRED
,Recommended,242680,19767310,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,「SUNBOAT」,"It's far better than Fallout 4.It's music is some of the best tracks I've ever heard.It's easter eggs are some of the greatest.It's replayability is god-tier.+ It's a GOTY for Nukes.- Even if Y.C won't be added.10/10. Purchase it for yourself, and a friend."
,Recommended,242680,24786809,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,[A.E.] Voalik,10/10Wait... They removed chicken's slo-mo?9/10
,Recommended,242680,19539295,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Phaz,Quite addictive due to the procedural levels and enemy spawns.
,Recommended,242680,19539981,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,NAN メロン ᕦ(ò_ó*)ᕤ,is gudy.v. stronkfish can roll
76561198137326178,Recommended,242680,19540644,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,http://www.spookyskeleton.com/,"When I first saw the game I thought ""I don't need another rogue game!"" (Got it right as afterbirth came out)I don't regret a thing.Also.""MUAHAWAWA"" - Lil' Cunter"
,Recommended,242680,19540052,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mary Jo,"Played it for almost 8 hours and the clock is almost 04:00, im so tired but i want to keep playing this game :("
76561198077330812,Recommended,242680,19681754,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,"I'm a Certified, Liscenced Girl",Very good game
76561198069164158,Recommended,242680,14607501,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ur all bed,80 hours later........
,Recommended,242680,19678946,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Koffy,Probably the best bullethell/twinstick shooter on steam.Pros:Lots of characters to choose fromGood gameplayCons:Can't use controller DPad to navigate menus
76561198142697519,Recommended,242680,23114097,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tetra2000,"This Game is really, really fun.The Bosses are challenging, the enemies are challenging, the characters are unique and quirky, the secrets are interessting and helpful and the final boss is a giant chair thing with robot legs!And you can play as a ninja chicken, who can be decapitated and then pick up a med kit and grow a new head...100/100 - Decapitation couldn't stop you."
76561198094656404,Recommended,242680,24890992,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,qPoppe,"Bets game ever, so muchh fun!"
,Recommended,242680,28145083,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,robotheadache,a fun way to kill time
,Recommended,242680,28262689,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,super shark lamborghini,issa good game no thots
,Recommended,242680,29213406,Posted: 12 January,all,the devil,"Below is a full, indepth review, spoilers included. Be cautious and only read if you've looped.👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥♥-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,242680,18427230,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,nuffy,Ignore the reviews. It's really not that hard.
,Recommended,242680,18905908,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,M I L E S,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,242680,19510358,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,"frentic, fun, fantastic, future classic."
,Recommended,242680,24829821,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ha,shoot things
,Recommended,242680,8025759,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,SlapBone,I believe I am developing some sort of Münchausen by video game. There is a stat for number of deaths. Am I not supposed to run that number up as high as possible?
76561198045008783,Recommended,242680,11416445,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Your Court Assigned Attorney,Wow. Just. Wow.
,Recommended,242680,16930156,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,blake,Fish. well. he can roll like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047677088,Recommended,242680,13686070,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,thatboi,This is basically Kill Bill in Video game form: It´s brilliant!
,Recommended,242680,25354863,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Gubbet,^_^ 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,242680,17769518,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,天Rupurudu天,"Chicken Master-Race, Quiet Fish Peasents..."
,Recommended,242680,17480656,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,~TotoroEmma(◕‿◕✿)~,"A friend showed me this game and I thought it would just be a game for me to waste some time to between the next big thing.. no.... when this has gotten a grip on you.. you wont be let go.. because its a case of.. oh i died, let me try another character, oh i died, let me try again because maybe i'll get better weapons. and then 2 hours have gone past and your so close to the throne you can taste it.its an addicting game but I just hope it will go speeding into its full released because im excited about the things they will add.still a solid gamei dont give it a 10/10I'll give it a...TTTTEEEEEeeeeeeeennnnn oouuttaa tteeeeeennnn!!!"
,Recommended,242680,15742759,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Greenagon,"pros:+ it's a fun game (unless you want to play as melting)+ you don't have to play as melting+ fish can roll+ has illuminati as character+ more stuff I don't remember right now+ is secretly hotline miami 3cons:- has melting as a character-they didn't call the flame shotgun ""hotgun""overall 10/10 you should buy it"
,Recommended,242680,18412331,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Boobles,Good game. YYYYYOOOOOOUNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGVEEEEEEEENNNNNNNUUUUUUSSSSSSS.
,Recommended,242680,15257840,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,FUCK,"What can I say? It's a fun game. Playing it for the first time is hard, but everyone gets their♥♥♥♥♥whooped from it on their first few runs. Patience is key to getting good at Nuclear Throne. This game has so much content right now in Early Access, and it seems like there's gonna be more. This game has a lot of potential, and I'm looking forward to seeing it at it's brightest."
76561198035972387,Recommended,242680,16706863,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Andross,Its Just really fun and unfair.
76561198027897709,Recommended,242680,11039988,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Feireen,5/5
,Recommended,242680,22073316,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sav,"One of the best rogue likes out there, fast paced combat blends brilliantly with a superb soundtrack, and the game is overall very polished and extremely fun. Hours upon hours of entertainment to be had, no real negatives that I can think of other than that it throws you in at the deep end. And lets be honest, who does'nt like a good challange once in a while."
76561198114508007,Recommended,242680,12030932,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,QuadBabyRay,"Wow, this game is great! If you love shoot em ups, fast paced games, or just hours of sweaty palmed fun... This game will satisfy the thirst you've had for a long time for another great 10$ game!"
,Recommended,242680,17032675,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,rewalzzz,"Whether or not Nuclear Throne will be a fun experience for you can vary.One thing that needs to be said about this game and I feel hasn't been stated by the developer or other reviewers well enough is this: this game is very very hard. It is probably one of the hardest games you will ever play.The thing about this game is that itcanbe enjoyed by everyone, but the people that will enjoy it themostare the hardcore skilled players who want a challenge. I don't usually say this when reccomending a game, but if you are not very good at video games, you will probably not like Nuclear Throne. You can die almost instantly to just a small cluster of bullets, to one explosion, or something you didn't see which can leave you confused and angry. Trust me, that last one happens a lot. And when you die, there are no checkpoints, it's game over. Back to the very beginning.In addition to this difficulty, the game has a ton of content that is only accessible if you progress very far. Meaning if you don't do well, you won't have as much of an in-depth experience as some better players will.If you are a skilled player looking for a very challenging game that you will player for many hours, pick up Nuclear Throne. Vlambeer have done a great job at updating this game very often, so your money will surely not go to waste."
,Recommended,242680,16386091,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Akagari,Yeah Quite good
,Recommended,242680,17470964,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,yubel bloodfallen,even if this games in early access this game is amazing to play and well worth the investment as iteres so much to do in it not all runs are the same one run you can makeit to the throun the next you die on the first lvl and on top of that the veriaty of wepons and caricters make this game so much fun
,Recommended,242680,12685646,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Thom,You're a turtle ninja !Your goal is to kill random foot clan member and the boss shredder. You will struggle through sewer killing some Splinter clone with your two favorite favorite weapons.
76561198009909296,Recommended,242680,13969218,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,sugar__cookie,"This game is definately one I would recommend. The music is engaging, the characters and their abilities are varied, from a melee beast to a monster that enjoys explosions. I am having a great deal of fun and, having said that, have yet to get close to the Nuclear Throne.Awesome."
76561198094966080,Recommended,242680,11068123,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Lord Zedd,"-11/10 WOULD RECOMEND- This game has some of the ABSOLUTE BEST voice acting that I have had the blessing to be serenaded by. In all of my -quite expansive- gaming life, I have never encountered such outstanding voices. Even the likes of Vass from Far Cry 3 does not even come close to this spectacular piece of video game art. Even the trailer makes me want to cry when I hear their heart-breaking tale of despaire. Do yourself a favor and buy this masterpiece."
,Recommended,242680,14924161,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ABHa55a55in,Very good rouge shooter.fun for a very long time due to randomized enemies and levels.
76561198083813301,Recommended,242680,14926301,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,[WIN] Kool Kid Zack,Good but buggy
76561198062633138,Recommended,242680,14833385,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ethical Aberrant,"This game is the reason I consign myself to the title of ""casual gamer."" 40 hours in, I've yet to beat it once, but I regularly come back to it for handfuls of punishment doled out by an unforgiving wasteland full of all kinds of hateable enemies.My only complaint is how hard it is. And I hope that never changes."
,Recommended,242680,14876786,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Tohru,Be a triangle. Shoots robots. Get killed by a rat. 'nuff said.
,Recommended,242680,19511401,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MyNameIsRay,"This game is amazing, as you can see from my profile picture... I freaking love it! I am proud to be one the early access people that saw the development of this game. The developers were active, really active, and to what I see, they made a polished amazing topdown shooter Bullethell Masterpiece."
76561198065245364,Recommended,242680,19665762,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Spooketzoom,Gr8 game 8/8
,Recommended,242680,19656831,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,meenan,"""Hey is that Bill Cipher?""Hey is that my foot about to go up your♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198044864200,Recommended,242680,13130205,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Dream,Fun game :D worth buying !
,Recommended,242680,13496285,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,gay ass,this game it cool gave me some swag and stuff
,Recommended,242680,15839269,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,the8cell,"Currently the only early access game I can advise buying.fast paced, difficult, and above all fun, this is my favorite game to pick up for a few minutes, play a run, die horribly, and have a blast doing it.the music and character design are worth mentioning as absolutely fantastic. every character looks and plays differently and there isn't a single one i don't enjoy playing as.don't buy this expecting a game that is polished. however, this game gets early access right: have a mechanically complete game that is just rough around the user interface."
76561198189152186,Recommended,242680,16433466,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MANBEARPIG,...
,Recommended,242680,17539753,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Chocolate Mike,qipquqipuqipuq
,Recommended,242680,15594129,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Beansie,"A tricky, fun, rewarding, and lovingly frustrating shooter. Can't even loop the game. 10/10"
76561198096690308,Recommended,242680,15196408,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Hat,"This may be the most fun game I have played in a while. It is pretty hard at first, but once you get good at it it is really fun. This game is very fast paced and there's always bullets flying everywhere. This game is already well worth the $13 I spent on it."
76561198072022934,Recommended,242680,15648784,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Mom's sabor Piña Colada,there is such a variety of mutations/weapons/enemies and that makes it awesome 10/10 gameare you still reading this? go ahead and buy the game dammit!
,Recommended,242680,11588330,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Frougie,Game looks promising with creative charecters* gampad working but still needs to be perfected
76561197976271266,Recommended,242680,14570938,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mudgopher,Nuclear Throne is fun as hell!
,Recommended,242680,15511934,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Swamp Goonch.,"My favorite character is a chickien that has a samurai sword, can slow moe, and when killed, runs around with his head cut off. He also deflects gun bullet with his sword :OAlso, you can play as a fish, and a ♥♥♥♥ing steroid muscle builder.Also you get to fight robot dogs, and crows with masks and guns.If you have not bought this game already, the add to cart button is right up there ^10/10 one of my fav games <3"
76561198203840048,Recommended,242680,15645529,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Gordan Morgan Freeman,GREAT GAMEFISH CAN ROLLSTEROIDS CAN DO PUSH UPS FOREVERCRYSTAL HAS GOT THIS AND MANY MORE!!!!!!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,242680,15282838,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Damighty,its is preety okey
,Recommended,242680,14395483,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BlindingLightVR,"A must get, just wish it had online co-op."
,Recommended,242680,14396589,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,p a n d 0,Shoot a walking chair to death while it vomits plasma balls at you as you play as illuminati triangle.10/10
76561198049034722,Recommended,242680,14398333,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Orsinium,My character recieved a mutation called throne butt. Would highly recommend playing 10/10.
,Recommended,242680,22309584,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,AidenJPS SuperiorServers.co,enter the gungeon is a fa-what?what do you mean?this is a different game?OOOOOOOOHHHH i see.binding of isaac rebirth is a...
,Recommended,242680,22314004,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Terbeh,"It took me 40 hours to get to the throne, and I even managed to end the game incorrectly."
,Recommended,242680,22403418,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Xionus,"This game that will make you furious and point out all the unfair things that occurred during a run, and then lulls you back into ""just one more try."" It's challenging at first, but even the most daunting of bosses can be overcome. Your run can end in less than a second and yet you will clamor for another attempt. It will take some time (dozens of hours) to get to the Throne but you'll look back on all of those botched runs you had and laugh. There are a buttload of weapons and enough characters to accommodate any playstyle used in your attempt to trek the wasteland. Incredible sound direction and OST - every gun sounds as wicked as a 2D game can get.  I seriously can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,242680,22294428,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Cancer,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ where to begin?This game is one of the few bullet hells I've ever played, and I gotta say, it's fantastic! Just the amount of guns and gunfire and all that really just kept me going. At the same time, it's ridiculously hard as hell, but yet I'm not frustrated by dying. It's rewarding, in a way, to collecting ammo, rads, mutating, and killing♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of enemies and just dying.10/11 I'd play this game if I had nothing else weighing me down."
,Recommended,242680,22315442,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,hacksoi,Lots of fast paced fun for the entire you
76561198143770994,Recommended,242680,22323194,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Good Cop,"Really fun. I love the game, play it all the time. Variety of challenges, variety of characters, variety of weapons, variety of fun."
,Recommended,242680,22380099,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,fare67t,"Truely one of the greatest rogue games ever (Yes, i said Rogue game, not Roguelike / Rogue-lite. Some people apparently get uber mad at using the term ""Roguelike"" to describe a hard game)ANYWAYI suck at itGood times~(Also whats up with all the comments on this game's soundtrack on YT being like ""Our lives are hard...""? someone please explain that to me.)"
76561198060396608,Recommended,242680,22350746,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,KeithNibbz,"This game is a massive drain on sanity and yet I can't stop. Thus far, I can't count how many times I've died from LITERALLY nothing, a car that was almost entirely hidden by a wall, grenade hitting a part of the environment and bouncing off, coming out of the Crown Rooms to a swarm of enemies and next to no HP or Ammo, or just spawning inside a car because World 3 is the bane of my existance, after three hours I can already say this is a on-again, off-again love-hate relationship...Looking for a game that'll leave you gripping your hair and questioning ""WHAT"" then knock yourself out."
,Recommended,242680,22412287,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,5c0r910n,"This game is REALLY, REALLY frustratating at the start, however once u get gud this is one of the most original games is might rival The Binding Of Issac:Rebirth/Afterbirth. It mainly good for utubers though"
,Recommended,242680,22370199,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Moopey,Nuclear Throne where do i start. THis game is an awesome jam packed game where you can have fun for absolute hours it is my favourite game and i never get bored of it there are many different ways that you can play the game with 12 different characters with their own specialties and skins. So what are you waiting for Get this game!
76561198007140582,Recommended,242680,22406166,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Salad_Fork,"I did not reach the Nuclear Throne.  Oh well, excuse to kill more stuff.13/10 would mutate again."
,Recommended,242680,22293805,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Fish,Fish can roll.
,Recommended,242680,22363231,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Saltine Kat hellcase.com,I say yes i do reccomend the game BUT that is only because I have wasted over 120 hours on the game trying to get good. NOW the game has some big bull♥♥♥♥♥♥but some good level design and characters + evrey thing else is good. If u want an easy game.......... Dont buy this one if u want a challenge feel free to burn 12 bucks for hours of fun.. AND TORCHURRRRRR
,Recommended,242680,22412080,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Echofar,"Vlambeer's Nuclear Throne is destined to become a classic.No matter how many times I fail, Nuclear Throne keeps me coming back for more. The game is a deliciously challenging shmup with a ragtag band of non-human protagonists that have each found a special place in my heart. This is the kind of game that you create memories in, memories you'll remember for years to come.If you're considering entering the wastelands, just do it. Join the mutants on the quest to conquer the Nuclear Throne. You'll find not only a wonderful game, but a whole community of great players who will welcome you with open arms (and a few good-humored jabs at your ""noobiness"")."
76561198256649853,Recommended,242680,22339379,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,jlopezleoz01,Awsome
,Recommended,242680,22381636,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,The Bad Spy,Worth the money
,Recommended,242680,22403923,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,no swearing relax be cool,Damn stick guys.
76561198109630325,Recommended,242680,22289345,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Eat_My_Entire_Asshole.png,11/10 not enough nukes-IGN
,Recommended,242680,22300081,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,datoneguy3219,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10 would put hundreds of more hours into again.
76561198237821984,Recommended,242680,22301487,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,nightjar55,Is good 9/11
76561198044016870,Recommended,242680,10148755,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Yatta!,This game is AWESOME!Why is it awesome?1. Unique characters2. Great Enemies3. A bullet-hell at times (which I love!)4. Bad♥♥♥♥♥Weapons5. Upgrades6. The tips in the loading screen!7. Nice music and great sound FX
,Recommended,242680,16829409,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,meekaboo,Fear is the mind killer.Shielder is the Rogue killer.
76561198148837436,Recommended,242680,13352214,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Exactly17Grapes,"This game is one of the best games i've ever played, and believe me i've played alot of games. The only problem is that theres no multiplayer and that sucks pretty bad. There should be an arena multiplayer or like co-op levels."
,Recommended,242680,12310516,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Benjamin Kirby Tennyson,DAE writing for a badge
,Recommended,242680,14408449,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Manteca,"This game is amazing, but extremely hard and pretty unforgiving.I rate Y.V./10"
,Recommended,242680,18103483,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Kaz0,Started game.Saw there was only two characters unlocked.Picked fish. (He can roll)Killed bad guys.Found weapons.Killed more bad guys.Found more weapons.Rolled.Got throne butt and flew around.Found a screwdriver.Hit car with screwdriver.Car grows wings.Enters car.Enters Mansion.Find insanely difficult baddies.Dies.Young Venuz Unlocked.11/10.Gud game.
,Recommended,242680,19686463,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,{dain},"Amazing game.  Peroid.  Some may say it's hard and unfair, maybe even cheap at times, but I wholeheartedly disagree.  Neclear Throne encourages you to be cheap and unfair right back to it.  When leveling up the game rewards you with it's overpowered mutations (upgrades) and lets you start with various character abailities.  It lets you feel like a badass, while often times silmatanuiously handing your a$$ to you on a silver platter.  It may be a little too hard for most at first, but once you overcome Lil' Hunter for the first time, you'll surely get the appeal of this game.  Don't bother waiting for a sale, it's that good.  Just be sure to use a mouse and keyboard if you can."
76561198155513061,Recommended,242680,14735325,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,The Gagool,Super funSuper addictiveNot a single thing wrong.......WHY CAN'T I STOP DYING!!!!!!!!!
76561197982067351,Recommended,242680,16665300,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DarkiLordito,"Gameplay is incredably fun, with a huge variety of enemies, guns and characters. The weapon/character balance is a bit off late game, but you'll be able to play with basically everything. Unfortunaly, a lot of things are really unpolished. Crows are a wasted potential to make runs more varied, the difficulty curve is all over the place, meele is broken (OP) and so are explosions (UP). It's still worth buying, but beware of these issues"
,Recommended,242680,22266845,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Shuffle,This game is too hard :)
,Recommended,242680,18247163,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,JohnnyTheGunner,that was nice
76561197983670658,Recommended,242680,18247121,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,RDef,this game is really really really good
,Recommended,242680,18247054,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ChadT,Possibly the greatest game of all time.
,Recommended,242680,14551192,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dr.Love,MLG airhorns as Y.V? hell yes
,Recommended,242680,22703766,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,::Maethendias::,"dead again? gg no re? not quitewell, there are 2 kinds of games, the easy ones, and the hard ones.Nuclear throne (fortunately) is neither of those.In itself nuclear throne is not a difficult game, ha not at all, but nuclear throne has something not alot of games are able to do, it knows how to ♥♥♥♥ you up, meaning there is so much nonsence that just screws you over and kills you.may it be a giant bandit charging you faceforward into a wall, assasins cowering themself as dead bodys, nuclear dogs stomping you from acroos the freaking screen, or a police-van that just drives you over, there are a lot of things that want you dead, and since its perma death, it seems like a bad thing, right?NO, besides of all that BULL++++ that is out there, it is actually fun to try again.it is so statisfying, to learn how to aviod all that nonsence. When you are finally able to spot those assasins, when you know that the dogs only have a limited aggro-range, and when you learn that those vans fist blow a horn, so you can prepare for them.It is EPIC to stand before the nuclear throne and finally crown yourself the ""wasteland-king"".Also, looping is a big part of the game. Unlike in most other games looping is kinda boring, enemies hit harder, and tank more, sure, but nuclear throne throws COMPLETELY new bosses at you, that are loopexclusive.OH right, the bosses...there are not a lot of rougelites that have such a good character design, the first giant wallcharging and minigun-spinning big bandit is just the beginning, from 7 meter big dogs, that throw rockets and bullets at you, or lil' hunter, that just ♥♥♥♥s you over, the bosses are the highlight of a run.but i better stop here now, i still could tak about the unlockables, the secrets, the character designs, the little nuts n bolts, but you already got my point.for that money, you get a masterpiece of a gameSo its not ""gg no re?""gg forever re!"
,Recommended,242680,30055575,Posted: 20 February,all,Pope Desu :.|:',"It's okay, has some replayability to it."
,Recommended,242680,30074365,Posted: 21 February,all,eduardo squidwardo,You get the throne but it is a spider and then you win it and ya loop ut hoop
76561198263005770,Recommended,242680,25746475,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Northernrabbit,this game reminds me of binding of isaac (should check that game out ) but more action packed and in overall an amazing game you'll never stop playing
76561198152673820,Recommended,242680,15329316,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Dk guillotine,this is my all time favorite game and I hope markiplier jack septic eye play it and show the world how amazing and fun this game is.
,Recommended,242680,15331444,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Little Scootie,"I love the game. It's addicting and challenging and it'll probably take me a long time to get to the end. One gripe I have about it however, is the lack of online multiplayer. I bought the game for my boyfriend and myself so that we could both enjoy this wonderful game TOGETHER, but the together part is kind of difficult when you're in two seperate states. If they added a similar online multiplayer like how Castle Crashers did theirs, then it'd be perfect. Thankfully this game is still in Early Access, so it's still a possibility to add a possible multiplayer lobby option.8/10 because the other two can't play with each other yet. Needs more online lobby. :L"
76561198148998530,Recommended,242680,22226205,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Burke,A nail-biting blast of top down shooter fun.
,Recommended,242680,23475915,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,env.boeboe,"gg, I re"
,Recommended,242680,21935977,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ScrubWalrus,End my suffering
,Recommended,242680,21845116,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,aCookies™,"I went to the wastelads and killed mutants and got shot several times in the face. then i went home and played Nuclear Throne, it's a good game."
,Recommended,242680,21680982,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Pizza Dwight,I don't need no friendsI don't need no phoneJust a bag of severed headsAnd my Nuclear Throne
,Recommended,242680,22922205,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,๖Flanko,"had a bug when i got to the nuclear throne but didnt unlock melting's b-skin and rogue, pretty angry about those steam maintenance updates, whatever they arestill really like the game even if it ruined my life♥"
76561198176308109,Recommended,242680,28982391,Posted: 3 January,all,Papa,"Highly recommended: Dinamic, fun, exciting and just frustrating enough to make you want try again.10/10 would cause a nuclear apocalypse to make this game come real destroying the reality itself in the process. Help wanted."
,Recommended,242680,27288770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bradface2,Amazing Game. Probably my favourite rogue-like. Kept me playing for hours on end.
,Recommended,242680,27897724,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cool_*****,Fast paced twitchy shooter goodness
,Recommended,242680,24362205,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Masterpixel,You almost reached the nuclear throne
76561198137868829,Recommended,242680,27853218,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Toasty,"one of the best games ive ever played. even after hundreds of hours of play time, still not board. you must buy this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,242680,26487053,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Shockwave,fun gamei swear im not just doing this to get steam badge completionim honestkthxbyebtw gun gun is fun
76561197967070224,Recommended,242680,14969669,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Darkstar,"One of my absolute favorite games currently available on steam, Nucklear Throne is the most awsome version of smash tv that one could imagine including: Tons of weapons (new ones plentifully accumulating with each rapid update), A... slew! of characters, A barrage of Infinite random maps, A....... Heap! of secrets (TMNT fans unite!), and a murder of challenging enemies (including crows). All of which Blasts!; smacks!; pierces!; and explodes! in beautiful harmony with the refined controls, physics, and graphics! its pretty good... i guess..."
,Recommended,242680,17618622,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,BOT Jack,"You know when you're playing a game, and it's challenging, not too hard, and when you take damage you can just walk over and get health back, or maybe you need someone else to heal you, and you always have a safe place to go away from enemy fire? This is not that game. Imagine having an irradiated♥♥♥♥♥♥♥made of everything but health shoved up your♥♥♥♥♥while the end of the level sucks you into it while you can see a desparately needed health pack and just one more experience point you need to level up and get a powerup that makes you think you've actually got a chance at wiping out the waves of enemies with wild abilities and cars that have an explosion radius of the goddamned moon. That is Nuclear Throne."
76561198144648396,Recommended,242680,28924849,Posted: 1 January,all,Kim Jong Un,fish can rollbut seriously one of my favorite games highly recomend it
76561198048791248,Recommended,242680,24000818,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Benitas,BUY IT HOE
,Recommended,242680,22989659,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,"Luke, God Emperor of Mankind","This game is amazing.The learning curve is brutally steep, but once you reach a certain point, everything clicks. The game guides you just enough so that you don't punch your computer to smithereens because of how hard the game is, but it still feels like it's you barely surviving in the wasteland and are all alone, save for your trusty revolver and loyal crown, rather than just being taken on a trip to Disneyland.This game is brilliant.The music really sets a tone for each level, and while the boss music is mostly the same, it still sounds great. It's a bit like the Hotline Miami soundtrack, really energizing.This game is great.There's so much variety. Even for a roguelike. There's so many different choices you can make, different ways to play. Taking 2 points of damage to grab that stack of rads before they disappear might just get you an extra level before you reach the Throne. Or it might doom you because you're 1-2 health shy of surviving a grenade.This game MAKES MY♥♥♥♥♥♥ROCK HARD!"
,Recommended,242680,23413803,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Thronebutt,This game gave me anger management classes.10/10
76561198080776009,Recommended,242680,27156432,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pippelipop,yes
76561198138003669,Recommended,242680,25644928,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,A Really Gay Fox,Its like Isaac but with guns and a fish that can roll.
76561198044425538,Recommended,242680,19520382,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Constanze B. Albrechtsberger,It's pretty RAD. Get it. Ha. Im funny...
,Recommended,242680,19571689,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,wozenbelt,"Nuclear Throne is an amazing game, one of my favorites by far. The base idea of running around, firing, swinging, and getting stronger so you can do it some more is insanely attractive. The procedurally generated levels along with the abundance of upgrades and weapons ensures a fresh experience every time, and tinkering around with the different ways to play provides hours of fun.  Additionally, the amount of creativity Vlambeer has, made clear by each and every aspect of the game, is astounding. Truly, Nuclear Throne is a testament to how good video games can be, and this review doesn't even do it justice. If you haven't bought the game already, please do yourself a favor and try it out."
,Recommended,242680,20549338,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Spock for Admiral,Great Game
,Recommended,242680,26957775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Praeventia the First,wanna play illuminati triangle and kill people with a golden wrench and eat toxic league of legend players? go for it
,Recommended,242680,18095230,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Tatlin,It's cool.
,Recommended,242680,32902992,Posted: 27 June,all,Spin Doctor,GOOOd
76561198090410727,Recommended,242680,30478126,Posted: 12 March,all,Scrungo_Beepis,The combat is incredible and the difficulty curve is perfect
76561198132331414,Recommended,242680,30440590,Posted: 10 March,all,kill yourself,"seriously, like this is the most fun game ever and it is very challenging. if you like bullet hell, this is the game for you. Also download a few mods and it will become ten times more fun. :)"
,Recommended,242680,30696375,Posted: 23 March,all,Respectable Kat,You bored?! You want to play as a fish that can roll around and shoot people with guns?! Play as a plant with a mouth that can do the same thing?! WELL THIS GAME IS FOR YOU! Hopefully.....
,Recommended,242680,30691584,Posted: 23 March,all,SPOOKY HOUSE MOTHERFUCKER,10/10 this game ruined my life
,Recommended,242680,30625306,Posted: 19 March,all,Oliakthetroll,buy.
,Recommended,242680,30133549,Posted: 23 February,all,•cC• Cookie,"For a niche crowd.But boy, does it do what it does well!+Replay value! Procedurally generated levels (although the biggest difference is what weapons you get, and what enemies show up)+Fast, quick, exciting gameplay! And it just gets progressively more ridiculous as you get farther.+the music+charming graphics~The sheer difficulty will entice some, and put others off.~No mercy invincibility after getting hit. You might die before you even realize what happened..which again, is a good and a bad thing-It'll probably never go on sale. Don't bother waiting, just buy it if you're going to.-Might make you late for work"
76561198190542426,Recommended,242680,30383535,Posted: 7 March,all,ThiccBoyLandon,Really fun game!Buy it!Sadly I refunded it to buy The Escapists Walking Dead.Best 40 minutes of my life.10/10.
,Recommended,242680,30715941,Posted: 24 March,all,-DI- MrJigglyBum,So awesome! never had so much fun!
,Recommended,242680,19173284,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Koo🅱,best game i've ever played
,Recommended,242680,22389556,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Evan O' Lantern,"Normally I don't play these kind of games but this is special. It's fast, unforgivening, and fun. Yet has enough depth that makes you pause and decide what weapons you bring along or what mutation you pick. Would easily recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,242680,22312220,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Southern Succ,"I have not wasted much time on this game a little over a day now, but i reccomend to everyone especially bullet hell lovers.Also Y.V. My love plix love me"
,Recommended,242680,22391032,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,rotabator,"this is my favourite game ever, never had so much fun with any videogame 10/10"
,Recommended,242680,22279524,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN,Fish can roll
,Recommended,242680,22292140,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,bomicbon,This game is art
,Recommended,242680,22350545,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Jorgen Von Strangle,"For the three hours I've played this game, it has been amazing every second. You either get really good items and mutations right at the start and make your way up to the throne in no time, or you get crap and lose on level 3. It's challenging, but not too challenging. It's super fun to play, and I think it was worth every penny."
76561197984570574,Recommended,242680,22408133,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Red Hiney,"This game is pure awesomeness. You get to die a lot and yet you come to die some more. And again, and again, and again. And then, if you lucky enough, you get to the end and angry, mean looking chair starts firing bullets, beams and whatnot at ya. And then you'll die. Or you'll destroy it and get to do this all over again. Both good. Highly addictive. 5/7"
,Recommended,242680,22383334,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,God of Pumpkins,This game is amazing. Its pretty hard and feels like you might want to rage quit but the gameplay is so good that you never want to stop.
,Recommended,242680,22287543,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Leglock,"Winners don`t use drugs (Except Captain America)... Instead they use RADS.You can use lot`s of characters with different abilities, one active and one passive. There are tons of diferent weapons and a lot mutations. You have a level up sistem based on RADS instead of kills, with every level you gain, you can pick up 1 of 4 possible mutations, they appear pretty random, but they are like 30 (I think), so There are a lot of combos that you can try.The game is a Rogue-Lite (LITE, no LIKE, everyone seems confused about these terms) upside-down with permadeath. Incredible adictive, with co-op is just hilarious.The only Downside of the game, is that is capped to 30 FPS (But somehow, works fine at that framerate).Also you can play with Steroids on steroids.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,22308614,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Witchita Joint,"this game rewards a skilled and dedicated player with insanity and♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of fun. unless you are a god, this game is difficult as hell, and requires a lot of hours. i have 91 as of the writting of this review, and im still not that great."
,Recommended,242680,22290534,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,The Kotsfather,A hard but fun and rewarding game! 10/10 would do again!
76561198170215398,Recommended,242680,22326121,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Low-Tier Hentai Game Expert,fish boy 2 gud
76561198172749375,Recommended,242680,22328743,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,gazeboman,A very fun and interesting shooter with mutants
,Recommended,242680,22292820,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,vira,"Ok, well I've had this game since it's earlier stages and I had a lot of fun. All the updates up to this point have made it one million times better, I don't have much to really say other than saying that you should buy this game. Which you should, it's  what you would call ""quality"" and there haven't been many games that are ""quality"" lately. So again, buy this game, it's hard and fun. Worth the money even though when I bought it, it was cheaper, but still. 10/10 Would pay extra if I could."
,Recommended,242680,12535590,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,dub3000,Really damn good action shooter.
,Recommended,242680,22531955,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,PiePTFF,"This game will throw you into a pit where once you kill all the enemys (which don't play around) a portal opens and you decend to the next stage.whilst playing i found myself being torn to shreads by some of the most simplistic enemys, all because i was not prepared for there to be 15 of them.tearing through the game  as quickly as possible is on of the most funnest but most stupidest ways to play this. with such a limited amount of health and with enemys that do EXTREME amounts of damage it becomes a slaughter house if you don't prepare.This game is thrilling and will keep you wanting more. but will make you rage like a russian 12 year oldCYKAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
,Recommended,242680,7750775,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ElyCyan,"This is a high-paced twin-stick roguelike. If you like any of those words, you should pick this up. It is a shame that the beta costs more than the game will at launch time, but I'm really enjoying my time with it, especially given the weekly updates."
76561198025718780,Recommended,242680,7753124,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Evil,For hours and hours of never ending fun!A quest to reach the throne....There is a throne?!
76561198057209490,Recommended,242680,10578898,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dl*TackleVille,"Want to kick some monsters butts in this game that can actually kick you in the butt if you're not aware.. Well then get this game. SOO MUCH FUN!. Vlambeer has definitely done a good job.Other than that, check the more detailed reviews here."
76561198122726185,Recommended,242680,16157816,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Thornforg,Roses are redViolets are blueFish can roll
,Recommended,242680,14444773,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Althie,simple yet addictive.
76561198065997637,Recommended,242680,14380743,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,RIKI WANT HUGS,Note: this isn't a reviewI think I found a bug with the Big Dog fight. I was on the level and I killed all the enemies without waking up Big Dog and the portal for the next level spawned with Big Dog still alive. This might be a feature but I doubt it.
76561198055453921,Recommended,242680,15861634,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,The Straw,"It's pretty fun. If you're on the edge about buying it, do it."
,Recommended,242680,15873700,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Magicbeans,I very much like this gameI'd like to see more mutation choices added into the game though:)
,Recommended,242680,21930330,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ethan3lp,"Nuclear Throne is like my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because it is long and hard. What do you mean Nuclear Throne isn't long... Well♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is a neverending stream of fun, just like my♥♥♥♥♥ Butt♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes aside, Nuclear Throne knows how to treat a player, very rudely. I love to draw rule 34 with Eyes because it is the only playable character that you can have an orgy with where everyone is getting pleasure from sticking their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥into eye sockets. Somehow, it was the first artwork to be banned from ♥♥♥♥♥. Butt fuq it, literally. This game earns a score of the game has characters 8/8 that's gr8 m8.Masturb8 in front of me please, my mouth is wide open.-The Government"
,Recommended,242680,26609059,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SomethingWittyUrl,this game has made me so upset i wanted to throw my computer out a window but its still very fun so 10/10
76561198087706531,Recommended,242680,22509140,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,gotta love chloroform,A very challenging game.
,Recommended,242680,25395134,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,self,fish can roll
,Recommended,242680,19509462,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,skrub,a game you will play just for the daily and weeklys but will majorly ♥♥♥♥ up at the beginning and then rage
,Recommended,242680,21187223,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,yourboibilly,:)
,Recommended,242680,27366398,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Captain Ghost,It's a game where you get to play a triangle that goes to kill the rulers of the multiverse.
,Recommended,242680,18632802,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,r2micro373,WHERE IS MA UNLOCK EVERYTHING
,Recommended,242680,29468458,Posted: 24 January,all,Kore,I never knew I would like this kind of game. It's incredibly addicting.
,Recommended,242680,29515844,Posted: 26 January,all,Deer Samurai,"This game's probably one of the best of all rogue-like games like The Binding of Isaac. Action-packed blasting 24/7 and definitely differentiates players through skill level. But competitive gamers might find this game excruciatingly tedious, as you die a lot in the beginning, so I honestly think it's best for casual gamers that like sitting back and chilling."
,Recommended,242680,28380876,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Autistic Kid,SpawnGet grenade launcherDie to your own explosionRespawnDie from walking into an enemy bulletRespawnRun completely out of ammo and dieLook at clock and realize you have been playing for 6 hours
,Recommended,242680,18736090,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Bæk,"Die, die, die, and die again."
,Recommended,242680,18695177,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Its Bobax,"This game. Where do I start. Oh right, it's really good. Let's start.So, you start with a revolver. Shoot some baddies, a portal opens. You go through, and keep doing this while finding increasingly insane weapons such as a GATLING BAZOOKA. Plasma guns and other types of plasma weapons just kill everything. You reach the throne. I would go on, but spoilers. Just one comment, ""You have reached the Nuclear throne."""
,Recommended,242680,18695396,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,The Gauss Rifle With A.I,Iz gud gaym. G1t Gud $crubShielder cop/10
76561198022869092,Recommended,242680,18698640,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,general fujimoto,its good and you can be good with the game recommend
76561198101278158,Recommended,242680,18704934,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,lowkim50,"Actually this game is rather fun, this is one of the first few game that i bought on steam and i did not regret it.Though many at times i find that the damage done by some enimies and i die, i believe this arearea that the devs are working hard to tweak and balance it.This game is truly challenging and it bought me hours of fun and laughter.Overall, this game is awsome to play.I hope the future updates will make the game even more enjoyable"
,Recommended,242680,18706492,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Farmer Billy,"Made it past the final boss, feeling like a badass.Immediately get hit by van, killing me instantly.10/10"
76561197994569556,Recommended,242680,18737599,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,svm_invictvs,You guys have made quite a fun game.  Looking forward to seeing more as it develops.  I can't stop playing!
,Recommended,242680,18694497,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,GenericWhiteGuy,"Tight controls, crazy bullet hell game play, strategy, crowns, blood, mony.Everything about this game is good and solid.Still has a few bugs to get out of the way before the full launch, but aside from those this game is worth the time.For real, buy this."
,Recommended,242680,18698822,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,will,i stepped on a maggot and it killed me. 10/10
76561198155063207,Recommended,242680,18730597,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sudo,Fish can roll.
76561198113776747,Recommended,242680,18738494,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,arjandhaliwal,I've put too many hours into this game to give it a thumbs down
,Recommended,242680,18752782,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,corn face,its ok
76561197961878624,Recommended,242680,18759987,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ZigZag,"Wow mind blown action, easy to pick up, extremely hard to master, just a lot of fun."
76561198136651529,Recommended,242680,18775962,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tom_Da_Bomb,Just damn perfect - probably best game ever played :) ;)
,Recommended,242680,18756427,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,pootpoot,"Great game that is unexpectedly addictive. The guns and melee feel great, with customizations and variety that add an important spice to each run. Great for short bursts or long sessions! Love this game. Can only hope it gets better for launch and beyond!"
,Recommended,242680,18694595,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mr. Bones,Pros:- Fish can roll- You can play as the illuminati. EXCEPT BETTER.- Crystal can shield- Not for scrubsCons:- Little Hunter10/10 would roll again.
76561198045583477,Recommended,242680,18696913,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Sovereign,"If you want to experience what would it feel like if you were intravenously fed pure adrenaline, play Nuclear Throne until you loop for the first time.Then you won't be able to stop."
,Recommended,242680,18704342,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Grunkfuss,You will definitly get your money's worth.  Thats for sure.
76561198256838470,Recommended,242680,18783751,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,"fuckboy, nerd in leather","i do reccomend this game cause it would be so fun if they made it a tad easier, but sadly the devs couldn't find a middle ground thus far. it's too hard. the best games the devs found a middle ground while it still being hard, but this game is way too hard and they didn't bother to try to find a middle ground.i quit the game before ever even reaching the nuclear throne, and i wish the 24 crowns once unlocked permanently could be equipped to any character. because that means you have to unlock the 24 for every character of like 12 characters, which is wayyyyy too much. i don't even have 1 crown unlocked after tons of time practiciing this game pointlessly. i don't have all the regular characters unlocked, and there is 2 secret characters i definitely won't ever unlock. and the final bosses beyond the loop 2, like the IDPD headquarters, i don't think i will even come close to even facing the 3 bosses before the IDPD headquarters. i really think that is the real end. not just facing the nuclear throne. and sadly almost no normal person would go that far, and i think games should be made for normal people."
,Recommended,242680,18700956,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,buenaventura,It's good.
76561198188182442,Recommended,242680,18710304,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,docless #1,this game is very addicting it has been fun and even know it makes me want to destroy my computer i love it too <3
76561198169984397,Recommended,242680,18743440,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Kachiga!,The Game feels expertly balanced and has great develeper support. And best of all... its main focus is Fun!!Must buy.
,Recommended,242680,18696934,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,BuddhaCat,"10/10 (will offer longer review once I have 20+ hours on record).An intense shooter with perma-death. If you enjoy games with extremely high replay, high satisfaction and lots (and lots and lots) of guns - you'll love Nuclear Throne. Tons of guns, extremely hard gameplay offers extreme satisfaction upon completion and the amount of adrenaline that flows through you once you start the game is highly addictive and fun. This game is NOT for casual gamers. Let me stress - VERY difficult, although VERY rewarding and VERY fun. Give it a shot! (no pun intended)."
76561198152817111,Recommended,242680,18734402,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DonJuan,sUPER FUN!!!! MOAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242680,24999877,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Skar,Very nice!I like
,Recommended,242680,25004377,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ChaoticEvil,It's Big Tahm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242680,25013736,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,im bringin bloop back,♥♥♥♥ shielders
76561198093491039,Recommended,242680,25014262,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Moon,is good game
,Recommended,242680,17012805,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,willy,wot?69/10Heh heh maturityAnd sex jokes
,Recommended,242680,26122827,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Oscar,Insanley asy to pick up rougelite
76561198275754914,Recommended,242680,30458751,Posted: 11 March,all,Clem,SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ADDICTING!!!
,Recommended,242680,22058092,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,tomoo,Like binding of isaac but more fun and theres no poop. Thumbs up fam
,Recommended,242680,19256844,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,「G R O O S E」,sit on the thronetouch the thronelick the thronefeel the throneBE THE THRONElove the thronehate the throneyou'll keep coming back to the thronethe struggle continuesthe struggle never ends
,Recommended,242680,20465335,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Kozmiic,"Dont ask yourself ""Should I buy Nuclear Throne""Ask yourself ""Why havent I bought this masterpiece yet"""
76561198039337300,Recommended,242680,15866740,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,James,"Nuclear Throne is hard. If you don't like difficult games, this isn't for you. That being said, it's very simple to learn. What keeps you playing is the easy restart. Just hit one button, and you start over again, no menu hassle. It's easy to tell yourself, ""Okay, just one more game.""I usually pick it up in my spare time, play a few rounds before moving on to something else. Very much worth the asking price."
,Recommended,242680,27875215,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gir,JUST BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,242680,23409377,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,the sorry guy man,One of the wierdest and most fun fps games ever! Some people call it hat simulator and I can see why there are tons of hats from strange hats to unusual hats this game is all about hats!
76561198119698593,Recommended,242680,29186348,Posted: 11 January,all,Trueno-Chan,Better than Enter The Gungeon
,Recommended,242680,24944296,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,NormJennings,"Pretty great game, the controls are really tight and its got great pacing. Its tough but the rewards are definitely worth it once you finally get the hang of it."
,Recommended,242680,24490492,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,crazy in the coconut,"you're gonna get mad, but this is a really good game."
76561198062712916,Recommended,242680,18450490,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,revengeracer (DigiPerson),This is a pretty fun game. You should buy.I LOVE VLAMBEER!
,Recommended,242680,23088651,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sebmin,Best Action Rogue like game i have seen so far the best part is the characters and how hard the game is 10/10 best game
,Recommended,242680,19513888,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Duh Chikun,"Right, the game's out of Early Access now. Typing this even feels surreal...I've been playing this game for what feels like forever, and it's pretty great.If you buy it-no, WHEN you buy it-you're gonna suck. You're gonna suck and you're not gonna like it...but you'll keep playing. Soon enough you'll be looking forward to your next run, thinking about what you'll do. A lot of rogue-likes say that no two runs are the same, and not many can keep that promise. But this game does. I can verify, I have 200 hours in the game.The community is also really great. Everyone is generally pretty nice and accepting of newcomers, you'd fit right in. And yes, there are like 42000 people who can't get past Li'l Hunter. That guy's no fun. No one likes him. Go rip his face off.As of writing this I still can't see the hype train stoppin'...you should hop on while you can. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,242680,23969445,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,UnnaturalShadows,"This is one of the very best rogue-likes I've ever played, maybe one of the very best games. I suggest this game to everyone. EVERYONE"
,Recommended,242680,23969737,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pepper Sensei,buy it you wont regret is sexy rogue like fun
,Recommended,242680,24982478,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,thats no good,i used to like this game until i broke it with mods
,Recommended,242680,23966235,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Falcon,"A fast-paced, high-intensity, hilariously hectic and addictive roguelike. Hard, but fun. Strongly reccomend"
,Recommended,242680,23994129,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,hellakink,People who say this is a bad game means they're bad at the game.It's honestly all you could ever want in a fast paced rouge game. Hilarious to speed run well.
76561198091849008,Recommended,242680,33147354,Posted: 2 July,all,wINK,epic one in a life time game strongly think you should pick it up
,Recommended,242680,20240135,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,large interior noxious e-vapor,i like this gameits very arcade and good
,Recommended,242680,21802724,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mr.Bezhead,God damn amazing
76561198083817872,Recommended,242680,15289042,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Joey Eating Joey,"Mad Max 2 + Borderlands 2 + Binding Of Isaac + Hotline Miami + Illuminati = This Very GameUsing this mathematical equation, I have come to the conclusion that you should buy this game. Do it for science."
,Recommended,242680,21868289,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,[TPnP] Ocean Man,GREATEST GAME TO EVER BE MADE10/10-IGN
76561198047621393,Recommended,242680,33659182,Posted: 19 July,all,Wolf8312,"Id rather play games like this with satisfying combat presenting an actual challenge that brings you back for more, than triple A dumbed down -you can literally not lose- garbage for children any day of the week.I was doubtful when I saw it obviously, but it really is a great game and I think I prefer it to hotline miami though its early days yet."
,Recommended,242680,33923394,Posted: 31 July,all,Jazz,Enter the Post-Apocalyptic wastelands and fight to stay alive in the most harrowing journey of your life. Attempt to survive against the most ludicrous odds to claim your ultimate prize; the right to sit in a glorified armchair.
76561198154676902,Recommended,242680,33942073,Posted: 31 July,all,YockPop,Good game.
,Recommended,242680,33891342,Posted: 29 July,all,Wilting,"Ah, yes. Radioactive chair. I'd recommend it to fans of rogue likes despite the chaos, though some would say $15 is a little pricey."
,Recommended,242680,33964896,Posted: 1 August,all,Pharoh,"This game will honestly stay as one of my favorites for a long time. The random weapons and mutations dramatically affect the flow of each game and create this sort of excitement about not knowing what is going to come. You can almost always find a way to make a run work and typically when you died you realize how you could have survived.Words can't describe how incredible of a game this is.If you enjoy roguelikes and appreciate a challenging game, do yourself a favor and pick this up."
76561198205756825,Recommended,242680,33950831,Posted: 1 August,all,Rodsbottom McBimbleclamps,Very fun and addicting once you get the hang of it. lots of weapons and possibilties to combo with mutations.
,Recommended,242680,15862283,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,babosos babooobjabob,"Despite being early access, this game is fluid, looks pretty good and feels mostly complete. It's an excellent game and i would recommend for anyone who likes fun to play this game."
,Recommended,242680,22802594,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,@bilbop YouTube,would crash my computer due to 1 bit graphics again 111/10
76561198051363998,Recommended,242680,15099445,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Yoshikage Kira,it is a pretty fun game. It always changes and you have a variaty of characters to choose from. It is a beta but they keep adding stuff every week.
76561197993676604,Recommended,242680,34107134,Posted: 8 August,all,Remix,"sick top down action shooter with RNG. fast paced, cool, and fun"
,Recommended,242680,33101491,Posted: 1 July,all,Gaming Master,This game is so much fun and im so glad that i ahve it because this is amazing
76561198112106319,Recommended,242680,27042968,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SledgeHammer [SSS SSquad],"Nuclear Throne is like Binding of Isaac, but faster. You kill more enemies faster, and you die faster. Since enemies drop much-needed health, ammo, and xp pick-ups on death, you can't hide behind cover, you have to move forward constantly.Skills and weapons combine to create completely ridiculous loadouts. My favourite skills are ""Shotgun Shoulders"", which makes shotgun pellets hilariously bounce all over the screen, combined with ""Impact Wrists"", which makes fresh corpses hilariously bounce all over the screen. Melee combat is surprisingly satisfying, with melee weapons reflecting enemy projectiles, and a combination of animation tricks makes each swing feel shockingly weighty for a 2D isometric game.This game is really ♥♥♥♥ing difficult. There is only one ordinary skill (and no pick-ups) in the game that increases your maximum health, and you have no invincibility frames when hit. Enemy attacks do high amounts of damage. Thankfully, even in later stages, enemies do not feel bullet spongey, but the sheer number of them, with some enemies firing either extremely accurate shots or spraying their attacks everywhere, poses a significant challenge."
,Recommended,242680,23029523,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Selfie,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242680,19511322,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,2D,"This game is awesome, if you don't have this game YOU MUST BUY-Y-Y IT.But, seriously this game is amazing."
76561198037126215,Recommended,242680,22077105,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Steel Alchemist,"This game will kick your butt and you will like it. Its short sweet to the point, and I cant stop playing it. one great way to eat time and enjoy yourself. Pick this up if you want a challenge that looks, feels, and sounds fantastic."
,Recommended,242680,29699347,Posted: 4 February,all,Mercury,"Nuclear Throne is a Fantastic GameThere are a lot of terrible games made withGame Maker, and I've always felt like those games give programs used for making games a bad name.Nuclear Throneis fantastic game, even though it was made withGame Maker.The game isfun and challenging― it never feels like 'fake difficulty' is your cause of death. The game is really about dodging the projectiles the enemies shoot at you, shooting the enemies back, and not killing yourself with your own weapons. Many deaths have happened due to poor use of the grenade launcher. It has some cool secerets, unlockables, characters, etc.I like it."
76561198039461806,Recommended,242680,29735439,Posted: 5 February,all,SGT Sean,"Nuclear throne is a very fun topdown, rougelite shooter with a slightly goofy tone that I highly reccomend too anyone who likes things in the genre. The progression system is pretty fast, getting you most of the best characters without much effort, and the game gives you a variety of shortcuts that help players who arent all that good (like me...) have an easier time making it too the end game. Only criticism i'd really have for the game is that you tend too just seee the same normal weapons over and over again if you arent getting past world 5, which get a bit dull over time."
,Recommended,242680,29726108,Posted: 5 February,all,I want to die <3,"If you don't mind playing at capped 30 FPS, this game is totally awesome! I recommend it. Just don't pay the full price ;) . You can play with a friend using a mod if you'd like."
76561198097464661,Recommended,242680,23302394,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,F1fan333,"Endlessly frustrating, but something keeps bringing me back round after round. Cant stop playing and trying to beat this, great game!!"
,Recommended,242680,23317575,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Chatterbox cs.money,"Gets boring after a bit, but fun."
76561198093801143,Recommended,242680,23507427,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Best Part of Waking Up,I played as a chicken with a Samuri Sword 10/10
76561198066795196,Recommended,242680,23511679,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Swaggin,"Every time I think I might make some progress, this game smashes my head in and reminds me that life is cruel.Great game."
76561198075249328,Recommended,242680,23276291,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Point Blank Lexicon,10/10Rationale- Dual weilding nuke launchers.
76561198086243495,Recommended,242680,23634802,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Scooter,"Ever wanted to poke a bloated radioactive sandworm corpse with a screwdriver just to see what happens?  Well, gosh, I know I have!  And the one-click instant return to action when a dozen of its grub babies devour your fishy flesh (and your trusty screwdriver) makes it feel like nothing has happened at all!I've played a lot of rogue-likes and this is my new favorite.  I dig the humor, tempo, crazy action and zany fun.  So many different weapons, mobs, level designs, powers and strategies.  Each run is totally different and makes the replay value quite high.  Not sure if it would work with a controller - it's too fun with the mouse and keyboard.  While it is quite difficult, it also trains the player very very deftly. The 'just one more run' complusion is there to the max. Simple ain't easy and this simple game is outstanding.  PEW PEW PEW!  die.  PEW PEW PEW!"
,Recommended,242680,23492429,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Brett,I legit need help. I've devolped an addiction to this game. I long to play it. I need every b-skin. Every. Single. One
,Recommended,242680,23638593,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Juicy juice,Fish can roll
,Recommended,242680,23713420,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,lantanadan,"Having put a full day's-worth of time into this game, I figured it was about time I wrote a review. First and foremost, you will die. Not in a Dark Souls kind of way. More in like a Dark Souls ""I WAS FIVE FEET FROM MY CORPSE AND I'M DEAD AGAIN"" kind of way. Nuclear Throne is like a post-apocalyptic Groundhog's Day adventure, where the only way off the loop is basically to not play the game. Of course that's not an option, because this game has been fine tuned to perfection. From an eclectic soundtrack to really punchy sound effects, tons of screenshake, colorful environments, funny characters, and a world full of mystery, each playthrough gives you something different, but familiar. You'll learn the path to the throne, but you won't quite know what's waiting for you on it. If you're looking for a game that will challenge your hand-eye coordination, your patience for starting over, and your mouse's structural integrity, Nuclear Throne is the game for you."
,Recommended,242680,23718418,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,brg,Shoot things until they die.
,Recommended,242680,23519891,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,peepee gun,"Nuclear Throne is a game where you have to reach a chair and kill it. It's so fun that there's alot of enemies guns. and some bosses. oh and spoiler, fight more bosses."
,Recommended,242680,23727717,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Radiostorm,"This game will devour your free time, causing loved ones and co-workers to question whether Nuclear Throne is a euphemism for some manner of street drug. It's a rock solid rogue-like bullet hell shooter with charming graphics and a plethora of secrets for you to gradually unearth. The ultimate ""I only have 10 minutes free"" game."
,Recommended,242680,23733565,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Raging dildo,Ok if you want to get this game I must say it is incredibly dificult. You will end up playing 75 hours untill you can even dream of getting to the throne. If you give up easy then don't get this game. All round 9/10
76561198068304604,Recommended,242680,22823156,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,the rare elusive KANGALASAUSAGE!,YOU CAN HIT THROUH WALLS!!!!!! YES!!!!!! NO DIRECT BOSS FIGHTS!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242680,15711242,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,TheGamingBagel,good gaem
,Recommended,242680,24757081,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Naofumi,I don't need no friendsI don't need no homeJust 230 hours in my Nuclear Throne
,Recommended,242680,15599777,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,magmaniac,I'm not very good at this game.
,Recommended,242680,23910692,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cent,*air horn*
76561198087654581,Recommended,242680,34707262,Posted: 3 September,all,NovaDemon,"i kep dieing becuse lil huner... vry sadIts good fun and fast paced. I really enjoy this game and keep coming back to it even though I die to lil hunter every, goddamn, time."
,Recommended,242680,28533052,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Breadstickking,das est gud yeah.
,Recommended,242680,34762462,Posted: 5 September,all,COLT ︻╦╤── - - PEW PEW,no comment. just a fun fast paced game.
,Recommended,242680,33750770,Posted: 23 July,all,Cole ''Fucking'' Canblle,gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
,Recommended,242680,19714086,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kgamer,GG GAME M8!
76561198094553949,Recommended,242680,19516623,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,johnny breeco,great game
,Recommended,242680,18130566,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,moje konto the ultimate b0i,Fish can roll.
76561198095383253,Recommended,242680,13853360,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pixelface,"a very good, really entertaining and fun roguelike game!"
,Recommended,242680,35063203,Posted: 19 September,all,EzimEzaac,"Enter the Gungeon has nothing on this wonderfully made, fast-paced, adrenaline rush of a game!"
,Recommended,242680,18472226,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,thisisforthechillies,yeess yyyeeeeesss Y EEEESSSSSSSSSS SSSSSSSSSS
76561197975846562,Recommended,242680,23669925,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,photovoltaic rhubarb,Aquatic lovecraftian monster can gyrate in a forward direction in order to evade attacks of enemy origin.
,Recommended,242680,14187836,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Segolia,The only game where you can dual wield a laser minigun and a full-auto grenade launcher.
,Recommended,242680,24452329,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Hericide,The OST is ♥♥♥♥ing fire
76561198115378991,Recommended,242680,24094052,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bobnoxious,Why can't fish barrel roll?
76561198037672757,Recommended,242680,24115002,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Runnko,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game.
76561198118407107,Recommended,242680,24093674,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dudeman,this is a thing
76561198058431262,Recommended,242680,10518117,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Only Occasionally Terribad,"A genuinely excellent game. Seriously. Tough, rewarding as ♥♥♥♥, fast paced. Go for it."
,Recommended,242680,28102147,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Spooters,bad asssssss!
,Recommended,242680,28181416,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rutger,"I recommend, a lot."
,Recommended,242680,12573938,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Who_Ate_Mah_Cake,My new love.
,Recommended,242680,12577126,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,i Recall Correctly,its good
,Recommended,242680,17449000,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,DickPays,"Credits aren't functional. Damn, I wanted to thank the developers of this game, I'm loving it so far. And it's in Early Access."
76561198014776951,Recommended,242680,18375847,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,swigle,Fish=sexy beast
,Recommended,242680,25877626,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,_Toaster,"TL:DR-Nuclear Throne will entertain you for a very long, is open to all skill levels, runs on low level systems, and is unique in every aspect. On top of giving roughly 20-30 hours of gameplay for low cost, the modding community provides easy to install free mods that more than quadruple the content in this game. PLUS ITS MULTIPLAYER!Buy this game.Thats all there is to it. If youre the type of person who enjoys fresh, indie made content with hours and hours of replayability, then this is for you. The sheer time it takes just to beat the game for the first time will leave you exhilerated, yet despite how many hours it takes to get there, its all the losses and close calls in between that really make you love it.You'll have moments of happiness as you make it farther than everYou'll have moments of sadness when you lose your favorite setup or fail a boss fightYou'll have moments of sheer madness when your whole screen is shaking and you have absolutely no clue whats going on, but all you know is stuff is dying.You'll also have moments of bullsh*t where yoU swEar To GOD if YOU BLOW YOURSELF UP AGAIN YOU ARE GOING TO ♥♥♥♥ING QU-You'll really like the game.All in all, the game is astrounding, a little rough around the edges, but well worth the price and time you'll put into it (And if you get it on sale, its all that much better!)= BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY =The mods in this game will more than triple the amount of content (Actually, depending on the mod, it can more than sextuple the content) you play through. Mods like Nuclear Throne Ultra or Nuclear Throne Multiplayer- which are a piece of cake to install, well, not even install, you dont install anything, just substitude an .exe file and a data.win file -allow you to take this already d*mn good game to a whole new level, or should I say mutation.All in all, get the game, its good, youll enjoy it, mods make game have 20x more content.Also, its still better than Archeblade."
76561198067920006,Recommended,242680,17318332,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Mr. GKV,The game is a bit addictive.
,Recommended,242680,26048151,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Laid,Play it if you are looking for bullet hell action. Otherway don't ;)
,Recommended,242680,18105142,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,RopeDrink,And I used to think Binding of Isaac was tense... Prepare for disgusting amounts of bullet hell sugar coated with loads of unique and lovable characters sporting an obscene amount of awesome weapons in this pixelated slug fest of win.
,Recommended,242680,19535625,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Smiley Smile,"Superb game, I have had it a long while before its actual release and it has been a wild ride to say the least. it was great before and only got better over time. I tip my hat to you Vlambeer, thank you for being devoted devs that truly care about their fans."
76561198121417062,Recommended,242680,19536158,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ez,"Unforgiving, and easy to learn but hard to master.  Fun as hell to play over and over again."
76561198086316925,Recommended,242680,29646505,Posted: 2 February,all,Kajnake,"What might seem as bullet hellish mess full of  rogue like frustration, in reality is In 50% that AND the other half is a tacticall highly skill based topdown shooter where youre constantly try to do best with what procedural generation gives youjust dont srtand on the red carpet when you finnaly get to throne room"
,Recommended,242680,30324716,Posted: 4 March,all,Dean The Pimp,"הגיע הזמן לקום לבית ספר, וואלה לא באלי עדיף את הים"
,Recommended,242680,19511874,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,"The game is awesome.Features:- 2 players local co-op.- Plenty of maps and secret levels.- A lot of weapons.- Challenging playable characters (about 11) and crowns (challenges, like Halo Reach's skulls)- Well made level up buffs.- Amazing soundtrack.- The developers stream on Twitch (I think at least once a week) when they are update the game (they also update it off stream of course).- The game success at what it tries to be. 10/10 for hitting the goal, awesome, fun, stressful-adrenaline bullet hell.Also... Play Gun Godz, It's from the same developers (Vlambeer). it's a first person pixelated doom-like with Y.V. (the triangle guy from this game), and it's free if I remember right.TL:DR:Awesome game, skill based bullet hell, buy it if you were wondering."
76561198043306989,Recommended,242680,19744795,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Counterraven,Nice game
76561198060327406,Recommended,242680,19750286,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,YeOldWhapGoblin,"Nuclear Throne is, as you might have heard from other reviews, stupidly difficult. The idea of the game is to, well, reach the Nuclear Throne, what the ♥♥♥♥ else would it be? Along the way you'll encounter many different areas; three main areas, and three sub areas. each main area has three levels while their sub counterpart has one, all of the sub levels are dark and spooky, and you might get instantly gibbed out of nowhere. Wait, no scratch that, you might get instantly gibbed at any point at any time.There's a massive veriety of different weapons, all using the different types of ammunition, which are: Bullets, Explosives, Energy, Bolts, and Shells. All of which are completely different and unique (except for a few of the bullet and shell weapons). All the characters have diffrerent abilities as well, there are activatable abilities, and passive abilities, so no two characters are the same.Personally, I love this game and can't stop coming back to it. 10/10 ten outta motha ♥♥♥♥ing ten.Also, watch out for the third boss, he's the most rage inducing little ♥♥♥♥ you'll meet."
,Recommended,242680,20885140,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tracer main btw xd,"Great game, everytime I die and end up in the desert though it pisses me off since I have seen it so much .-.Is it just me or when you get throne butt you always get a chain of bad luck -,-.When I got this game I was like yeah this is going to be easy since I was a boss at isaac but nope, his will make you so mad no matter what there is no preventing it... That's what i intially thought until I karate chopped my table at full force by accident, and broke my chair ;cIf Jev ever played this, well rip...9/10 buy all you need to do in my opinion is change up the desert map with something else every once in a while for a change of scenery.♥♥♥♥ you philip if you are reading my reviews kys. undertale nurd!"
,Recommended,242680,8008437,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,The Butcher's Nail,Great action roguelike if you enjoy them. Check out Super Crate Box for more fun roguelike action from the same dev (and it's free)!
,Recommended,242680,19522885,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Döden,"Nuclear Throne is amazing! Awesome mechanics with great combat, it's pretty to look at with an intriguing setting, eventhough the game isn't the most serious and the music is sweet. Nuclear Throne works well in Local CO-OP, which is awesome!"
,Recommended,242680,20379548,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,sardine,Nuclear Throne is like a drug that once you play it for the first time you want more of it.Also ♥♥♥♥ Lil' Hunter.
,Recommended,242680,20940347,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Bagged Dog Shit,"~=[REAL REVIEW AT THE BOTTOM]=~i visited my 19 year old cousin and saw him playing this game. after watching him play as a bleached dorito with an eye i immediatley bought this game after i went home. after 20 minutes of playing i finally unlocked said dorito. i made it up to the 5th level with him, TWICE, both times i was blown up by a car. the other times i kept dying to the second boss. being 13, i was yelling at my computer with tears in my eyes and after 2 hours of playing, i tried once again to beat the game. and guess what the loading screen said?""remember to take a 30 minute break evrey hour you play!""i then yelled at the game that it is not my mother, then i let out a huge sigh, shut down the game, realized it was 11:42, and crashed on the couch.10/10 for helping me with my anger issues. thanks game~=[REAL REVIEW]=~i have looked at this game when it first came outit was ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. bad graphics, buggy gamelay, you name it.but now it has become a masterpiece of gaming, with tons of cool weapons and characters(rogue is the worst one btw)it even inspired enter the gungeon!also, did i mention this game IS HARD AS BALLSno? well, now you know.so if you like having to start all over again on death, unforgivingly hard bosses, rogues annoying blast-armour affect (makes explosion on hit), this is a game for you"
76561198054175167,Recommended,242680,24151298,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rohanus,You did not reach the Nuclear Throne
,Recommended,242680,15865457,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Crangus Scrangini,"This game is a very original game, including a plethora of guns, all suiting one playstyle or another. Each character, one way or the other, has multiple playstyles, all based around the ""mutations"" A.K.A level up bonuses. however, all of the characters seem balanced, and tested. Sure, the enemies get harder as you continue, but YOUR guns become more ludicrous as well! You know a game has creativity when you start with a pistol, and end with a hammer that shoots electricity, and an auto shotgun that shoots mini grenades! There is never a dull moment in this game! Trust me, if you like fast paced, hectic, rogue-like games, with copious amounts of play time, This game is well worth the money."
,Recommended,242680,22525350,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,zc,Great IdeaGreat PlatformGreat challengeFish can roll10/10
,Recommended,242680,26251747,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,rock3rd,One of my most played games on steam and I still suck.
76561198099315580,Recommended,242680,19556815,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,👻,"Started Run.Die.Repeat.Jokes aside, this game is awesome. A fun shooter, that is one of my favorite games. The only issue (for me) is some occasional crashing, and no steam cloud saving."
76561198043799909,Recommended,242680,16930726,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Phat_Nine,"AWESOME game,more unlockables mr developeeersss"
76561198046454982,Recommended,242680,13499568,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bas,itz amaaaaazing
76561198037076549,Recommended,242680,14811412,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,lillian ernest,"this game has made me a real gamer.  took me 61 hours to get my first loop.  unlike many other difficult permanant death games, all of this time was spent having fun.the (inherent) story line in this game built through events easter eggs and speculation is INCREDIBLEthank you very much vlambeer for another great game.  keep up the good work."
76561198128103796,Recommended,242680,19572837,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill,"This is a fantastic game to pick up, even if you're not a fan of rogue-likes. I mean, I'm the filthiest of casuals and I'm still having a blast with this masterpiece.But seriously, buy it. It's worth every penny."
76561198154865707,Recommended,242680,21076054,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Betanormie,The game would be so much better if fish could roll 0/10 would not reccomend.
76561198087879995,Recommended,242680,9959204,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Plasma,yes it's fun
,Recommended,242680,19122716,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,dont think about yor mom twerki,bak
76561198155116995,Recommended,242680,24916185,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ScrewOnHead,"This is one of my favorite games of all time, ever. I don't have the time to properly describe why, but essentially, if you're looking at reviews to decide whether or not to buy this game, I say unto you: Buy it. Just scroll back up to the top and buy it. If you like these sorts of fast paced bullet hell-ish roguelikes, you'll have no regrets, and if it's the first game of that type for you, you may well become a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,242680,18934228,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Good Boy Wizard,Dank. As. Hell.
,Recommended,242680,10541284,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,CapnSquiggles Prime,"Up and coming. The amount of change that has been put into this game since I have purchased has been impressive. It is an excellent way to end up twitching on the ground, foaming at the mouth and angrily sighing as your longest run ends from an incorrect tap. Definitely unique bullet nightmare."
,Recommended,242680,15244750,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Athetos,"It's pretty good, but there's more rats than Bad Rats in the damn sewers"
,Recommended,242680,14441324,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,^4Yeet,better than binding of isaac
,Not Recommended,242680,32842206,Posted: 26 June,all,Commander Tryhard,I really like the game but I honestly can't recommend it with how unfair it is. You can be doing perfect with 16 health and a random explosion from a car being thrown across the screen killing you. Not even Isaac or the most difficult roguelikes are this unfair and it ends up feeling more about luck then anything. I'd recommend enter the gungeon before this because this game quickly becomes unfair especially when you get to the jetpack boss that you can kill then he will just fly into you and die. Hilariously bad.
,Recommended,242680,22544598,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,donny,"Myfavoritegame.I ownFallout (3, New Vegas, 4)DARK SOULS (l, and ll)All Valve Games.Etc (feel free to check)My point, IF*CKINGlove this game."
,Recommended,242680,19539575,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Type hamburger,only good game on steam at the moment lol
76561198073620047,Not Recommended,242680,22553890,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,D-MONEY,"Nuclear Throne. Where to even start. It's simple in design, easy to learn, but impossible to master. I've got a few dozen hours of gameplay as of now, and I've still only managed to beat it once, and not even looping it because I didn't know how when I first got there. It's designed for you to reach the end within about 20 minutes if you play it right, yet after 40+ hours I've only done so once, which goes to show how hard it really is. It's addicting; I can't stop playing even though I must have rage-quit about 150 times already, only to pick it back up after about 20 minutes. There are definitely some flaws in the way the levels and enemies are arranged, allowing for situations where you are just ****ed, but plenty more are the mistakes you make yourself and scream ************!! You might string together profanities that you've never conceived of while playing this game and dying. Yet it keeps calling you back. For that, I'd tell my friends to try it out, but I would not recommend them to buy it if they like winning or have rage problems. It feels like there is something that could be added/fixed to make it more enjoyable than being slaughtered repeatedly. I wish I could make it to looping so I can actually try out the end game, but I've never gotten there and can only imagine there is no magic pixie that will suddenly allow me to reach it more than 2-3 times before I put the game down for good. On a 1-10 scale, I'd rate it a 6.5, simply because it is really fun, but you get so worn down by it's repetitive nature and constant failing (I'm so over the desert starting area). Sure, I get that it is designed to be that way, but it's more rewarding when the difficulty is something you can overcome, rather than being luck-based. Will I keep playing it? Surely, at least until I finally see a loop, but something tells me by the time that happens I'll be done with it for good."
,Recommended,242680,19603583,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,gobobaby,:)
,Recommended,242680,19515786,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Alt Left Cyber Jihad,"In other video games, you get to play a video game. However, unlike other video games, in Nuclear Throne, you get to play a video game as Yung Venuz."
,Recommended,242680,33411644,Posted: 9 July,all,James L,Very gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood game
,Recommended,242680,11388842,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Faeris,"Nuclear Throne is an addictingly frustrating yet still surprisingly fun top down bullet hell/shoot em up (or beat em up if you enjoy melee) game created by the indie devs ""Vlambeer"" who have put an amazing amount of work into the game despite it still being in Early Access but the game gameplay wise feels far from that of an Early Access game and more of a finished product.The story is simple, apocalypse happens in some way or another, nobody was prepared, everyone became mutants and now explore the wastelands to find ""The Nuclear Throne"". Each playable mutant has unique passives and use abilities such as Fish having the ability to do a dodge roll while he passively finds more ammo in ammo pickups.Gameplay is simple, shoot enemies with your revolver, find bigger guns, kill more enemies with bigger guns, progress through the game and try to reach the throne. Each boss at the end of every stage has an interesting function, the first boss Big Bandit engages the player by breaking out from the walls, while the bosses aren't insanely difficult they still provide a challenge to the less inexperienced players but also mixing things up for more seasoned vets as if they aren't careful will need to deal with both the boss and regular enemies.In general this game is a ton fun despite how frustratingly unforgiving it can be, while annoying at first it gives the game charm as not a lot of games actively challenge the skill and thought process of players. Vlambeer are an amazing company and deserve all the support they can get, now go slay some bandits, jump in portals and reach that throne!PS: #VerifyVenuz"
,Recommended,242680,18140425,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,cguy21,"You have just beat Crystal Caves for the first time, and you make it into the snowy underworld know as the Frozen City. You blow all the anoying robot dogs, human/tiger hybrids, and spiders. After all this preperation, after all those tears, glory, and sacrafice you have put into the game you spawn into level 5-3. At first it seems normal, but then you hear something, a laugh, and then BOOM, you get smashed by a blue midget on a green jetpack. Both confused and frustrated, you click retry, thinking that it was a glitch of sorts, and hoping to meet him again so you can open a can of rek on his butt. Then you go through the whole process again, and then he level starts, you hear the laughing and then you are the one who recices the rek on a platter. Learning that the bs spawn smash is a feature, you repeat this hundreds of times. But the results are always the same. Then one day, you discover a weakness,  a shadow spawns in once he is ready to go all midget John Cena style. Then you discover his true form. You train countless times, master his attack patterns, develop twitch reflexes. Finnaly, you land that final blow that sends him flying in a large circle and explodes in midair. You did it. You have defeated Li'l Hunter.Then you are sniped by a Robo Spider"
,Recommended,242680,13288147,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,3P1C,You can be the all-seeing eye while shooting golden revolvers and spamming airhorns.10/10
,Recommended,242680,19151716,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Mryayayify,BLASTASTIC!!!12.5/10
76561198111578907,Recommended,242680,33213999,Posted: 3 July,all,Frogman,Fast paced fun
,Recommended,242680,8747407,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Jing,"Recommending this game to anyone who will listen. This is a roguelike, double-stick shooter with randomly generated levels, 9 different characters to choose from with active and latent abilities. Level up your dude by collecting xp and choose between 4 enhancements at every level. These enhancements range from more ammo, more hp, or more effective weapons. I must say, this game is in development so there are a few glitches to be aware of but they are minor and the game seems really polished. I would encourage my friends to pick this one up...definitely won't be dissappointed."
,Recommended,242680,12636344,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Kleinch,Preety good game have recomended it to friends you should buy it
,Recommended,242680,17953211,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Rasmus,>2 years old game>Isent out of early acces>???Good game though 4/10 recommened
,Recommended,242680,9669641,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,bardparty,throne butt
76561198046912940,Recommended,242680,25962044,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Neil Higgnz,i am currentlyu on the run cuz my brother and dad are ded and my mom snapped all i have left is laptop with nucler throne and is p fun but if you kno help pls do haha im dont want to die much
,Recommended,242680,22881294,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,vonpixel,it vry guud
,Recommended,242680,19658034,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Pytrson,"You die.You pick yourself up, then die again.You keep telling yourself it's not just you.You learn then you die again.It may be annoying but will never stop being awesome"
76561198072191023,Recommended,242680,11705525,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,LΣΣ⌠Φ¥ ⌡£∩K▌ⁿs,"Running around without a head, mashing enemies in the face with a screwdriver, duel wielding giant sledgehammers of death, breaking into hidden mansions and ancient crypts, what else do you need? Oh, and the game is made in the pixel style that only vlambeer can pull off. If you doubt the amazing gameplay all Vlambeer games have to offer, play the free demo-thing of Luftrausers online, or maybe Super Crate Box, a free to play game also available on steam... This game is amazing. It features tons of content, plus more features are being added weekly! Nuclear Throne has to be my favourite game of 2014, and you have to play it to know what its like. If you plan on going on youtube and watching some videos to see if you'd like it, Im sorry, but watching someone else play is nothing like doing it yourself. Just buy the game. $13 is AMAZINGLY CHEAP for a game like this. Great replayability, TRULY different every time, each level is completely different, and tons of secret levels to find, and inevitably die in, and a constant feeling that you are the most baddass mutant-thing in existance. BUY IT NOW!!![EDIT]Be fishGet water boost (can roll non-stop)Get gamma guts (damage enemies on contact, actually REALLY op early game)Become some kind of angel-of-death sonic monster with a shovelRoll into cyborg sniper, which, upon being killed by your guts, explodesYou die.[EDIT NUMBER 2]watch ster2 videos of NTredownload ntpick steroids (can duel wield, all other characters have to swap between your 2 held guns)find a shovelget a mutation that makes melee range longerfind another shovelturn down some of the best pre-loop weapons in order to keep the shovelsslowly begin saying ""double shovel"" over and over againinevitable mess up saying ""double shovel"", mangling it into ""shubble dovel"" and etc.make it to the final-ish, (but not anywhere close, really) bossalmost kill it with the double-shoveldie10/10"
,Recommended,242680,30085572,Posted: 21 February,all,Doctor Mosquito M.D.,"Don't think about it. Just shoot. For the love of god, just shoot."
21314123789043791,Recommended,242680,19571117,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,isitbroke,Great game.10/10 would play and make my sanity turn to insanity again.
,Recommended,242680,23176732,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,smiley the kid,"FISH CAN ROLL, GUYS"
,Recommended,242680,17327791,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Rat,There's no reason you shouldn't have this game yet.
,Recommended,242680,25300474,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,tibby dobbs,this game has alot of nice things that i wont cover in this review.
,Recommended,242680,22621560,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Oobles,HARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDeasyifurgudHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDHARDEdit: THe game crrashed on the throne 2 fight i am sad because I worked so hard to get there
,Recommended,242680,19555384,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Contemo,Yes.jpg
76561198182443731,Recommended,242680,29653510,Posted: 2 February,all,Kompica,"I shot some guys in a desert somewhere proceeded to kill the ninja turtles in some sewer, got shot multiple times, became a god, blew up bodies like they where pieces of dynamite and then got home and played nuclear throne. 12/10"
76561197960287042,Recommended,242680,30010951,Posted: 18 February,all,Queeg,"So simple, so frustrating but oh so moreish."
,Recommended,242680,30229257,Posted: 27 February,all,GKxHoTSHoT,nice
76561198203741965,Recommended,242680,18734883,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Stevie's Brain,"a great game for hardcore gamers and casuals looking to get in to hardcore gaming!it plays extrymly well and teh grapfics are at best, fitting for the game...SO TREK THE DESERTS CAVES AND JUNKYARDS AS YOU SEARCH FOR THE NUCLEAR THRONE!...and even piece togther the myster that hunts the throne...and our heroes..."
,Recommended,242680,29489169,Posted: 25 January,all,Swarley,boi irradiated sofa is a great game
76561198076442762,Recommended,242680,21257176,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Avency,"its like ""the binding of isaac"" but better"
76561198148303964,Recommended,242680,11855180,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,hey migeual,It's preety g8 m8
,Recommended,242680,20941781,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DerpyDose | blw.tf | =WL=,"If you like really hard, buggy, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t broken and unplayable games, get Nuclear Throne.If you like rouge likes/lites, get Nuclear ThroneIf you like shooting things in the face, get Nuclear ThroneIf you like balanced fair and fun gamepay, DONT get Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,242680,8075079,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Whynaut,nuclear throne is a game where you rumn about with funs and them get to the bose make sure to alive wiehn toy. 9/10s0far
76561198140304929,Recommended,242680,17528695,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,FatesReward,An amazingly fun game that I would totaly play over and over for hours on end
,Recommended,242680,11697060,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,cunt,"I don't need friends to play this game, and it is really fun, but mostly the absence of friend necessity"
76561198053072396,Recommended,242680,16729059,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Squeekblach,Buy this game... You won't regret it...
76561198066239114,Recommended,242680,22414245,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ghazghkull Thraka,"Nuclear Throne, the only game i know of where you can play as fish person who can roll and kill toxin spitting scorpions with a wrench."
76561197992663977,Recommended,242680,24402777,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jordan,Pretty fun game
76561197972023927,Not Recommended,242680,25119917,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Electric Enzymes,"I would like to recommend this game. It seemed like it could be a lot of fun. My experience was a bit different though. Every single run I died to some hidden explosive thing that killed in one hit. Every single time I had no idea what killed me. I was doing great, hadn't been hit in 10+ areas, then suddenly I get killed instantly by something I can't even see. There's only so many times this can happen before I turn your game off forever. The guns don't have much depth to them as far as I could tell either. I would recommend Enter The Gungeon over this game."
,Recommended,242680,28337250,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,spooky mewt,THE DISC GUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
,Recommended,242680,15345094,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,cal.,"Shoot things, kill things, die, repeat.420/360 would pop pop again."
,Recommended,242680,30378261,Posted: 7 March,all,👻 ๖SᑭṏṏкshÎ 👻,"Fantastic game, tight snappy controls, smooth gameplay, but beware of NuclearthronitisNuclearthronitis is a commonly afflicted condition contracted by dying in Nuclear ThroneSymptoms include but are not limited to""Increased heart rateFoaming in the mouthAn indescribable feeling of rageExplosive DiahhereaProjectile VomitingPhysicallly Assaulting loved onesSeizuresInternal BleedingAndCannibalistic HabitsSo be careful out there champ"
76561198115096964,Recommended,242680,21188654,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,MAGJUNIER,best game 100/10
76561198141375644,Recommended,242680,32233317,Posted: 6 June,all,Spooky Scary Spazz,#VerifyVenuz
,Recommended,242680,23741826,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Cobblestone,"Since i cant write a review for this game, heres how to make a sandwich instead:Ingredients:-2 slices of white bread-1 tbsp of margarine or butter-1 tbsp of your favourite spread/topping-everything else you want in a sandwichMethod:1) place your two peices of bread on a plate2) spread butter across one side of your two peices of bread3) spread your favourite spread across each buttered side of your bread4) place one buttered side of your bread on top of the other buttered side of bread5) open sandwich and fill that♥♥♥♥♥♥with everything in your fridge6) eat sandwich10/10 would sandwich again"
76561198154884185,Recommended,242680,17601875,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Morty Smith,this game is amazing and its countles hours of fun i would recommend this game for anyone that is looking for a game to play when your bored or really any time.
,Recommended,242680,32403467,Posted: 13 June,all,Oj hitler mussolini cancer minaj,https://youtu.be/-TcLxlkc2pA
,Recommended,242680,28426375,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ash314,"Basically, you kill everything"
76561198105205568,Recommended,242680,24900071,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,PeaceyP,buy this game if you're not a coward
76561198349098359,Recommended,242680,28991161,Posted: 3 January,all,Groanges,"its no enter the gungeon, but still great"
,Recommended,242680,14381588,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Chippies,good game 10/10
76561198353880958,Not Recommended,242680,32230585,Posted: 6 June,all,bumbumcumcum,♥♥♥♥ LITTLE HUNTER!I CANT TELL YOU HOW MANY RUNS WERE RUIND BY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198079789755,Recommended,242680,22802878,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,SmellyCanadian,Literally the best throwback 8-bit game iv'e played 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,242680,30014114,Posted: 18 February,all,slurp farmskins.com,i cant get to the labs and I have 40+ hours ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,242680,29679007,Posted: 3 February,all,Gary Winthorpe,Bullet hell that will make you salt but that makes you want to get farther and better. pretty swag game. Whoever made disc gun is a bad person
,Recommended,242680,29736963,Posted: 6 February,all,Polska,"Big Bandit graduated top of his class in College, Melting doesn't care, Melting blows him up.Theres a giant Nuclear Throne that could kill anything, Steroids doesn't care, Steroids has Dual Automatic-Automatic Crossbows.There are a lot of bullets flying at Fish, Fish doesn't care, Fish can roll.IDPD Grunt can roll too, but no one cares.The wasteland is a lonely place, Rebel doesn't care, Rebel sacrifices blood for friends who die within a minute.Theres a lot of guns out there, Robot doesn't care, Robot will eat them.Putting gold plates on guns is a waste of gold, Y.V doesn't care, Y.V does it anyway#VerifyVenuzThe police are constantly after her, Rogue doesn't care, Rogue has explosions.Chicken is shot dead, Chicken doesn't care, Chicken just loses her head.This enemy is too fast, Plant doesn't care, Plant will trap them.These bullets move too fast, Eyes doesn't care, Eyes will slow them down.Melting died in a resurrection circle, that is fine, you are now Skeleton.I shot big mama with a golden weapon, there is a rusty frog pistol, I put it in a proto chest, I found the proto chest later, I am now a golden frog.har har har I'm not funny"
,Recommended,242680,22886893,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,gug,it very good game and i slaved over it only to die in loop 3 and rage really hard. 10/10 would lose temper again
,Recommended,242680,14683531,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sharon,"Amazing game, high replay value, ever-changing, great fun10/10 IGN""I've played better."""
,Recommended,242680,19655861,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,أ ب ت ثgoodlglifes  ت ث أ ب ت ث,"Great game,great guns.i <3 yung venuz"
76561197963410029,Recommended,242680,19667693,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,New pR0sPecT,basically crack.
,Recommended,242680,33962800,Posted: 1 August,all,EternalMOAB,"Lots of violence, explosions, and action"
,Recommended,242680,23770738,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,sleepynerd,"Last time I played NT was like last month, was working fine and everything. Now when I try to play, I lag when I shoot and game freezes up my whole PC when trying to close it. Ive deducted its a Game Maker issue, as I tried Super Crate Box and it was having the same issue. Devs, if your listening, id appreicate some help. Ive been going nuts trying to fix this and simply cannot find a way to get it to work properly. Thanks, and I hope to hear from you soon!-JustinEDIT- Everything is working fine now. I figured out it was a problem with my GPU and had nothing to do with the game. Im sorry devs, keep up the good work!"
76561198159913599,Recommended,242680,23389639,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,pickle master,KEEP ON SHOOTING!(AND DIENG!)
76561198109202892,Recommended,242680,23531258,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,A Cabbage,extremely rad
76561198155480560,Recommended,242680,23517469,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,angeyellow,its like skyrim with guns
,Recommended,242680,21757430,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,16 Fluid Ounces of Mayo,"Going to be honest, this game is hard, but its the good hard, the type of hard that wants you to keep going and trying to improve. With a wide variety of characters, weapons, and mechanics, I never get bored of this game. I would recommend this to any one who is willing to try at being good."
,Recommended,242680,13537435,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,initial d.va,ONLY PLAY AS MELTING. ALWAYS MELTING.
76561198078981037,Recommended,242680,13547253,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,lizard-wizard,relly fun to play
,Recommended,242680,24639462,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Father Who Has Fallen From Grace,fun but very hard
,Recommended,242680,8791219,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,UCantKetchup2Me,this game is so amazing i recomend it its so cool give it a try dudez
,Recommended,242680,17786676,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mister Espurr,I reached the Nuclear Throne.
76561198084031791,Recommended,242680,19590388,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,we HAWT,This game is actually sick -IGN 69/8
76561198025401368,Recommended,242680,30118258,Posted: 23 February,all,BenzelWashaton,Tip top
76561198017035548,Recommended,242680,22276405,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,aliasup,great game if you're fine with failing hundreds of timesit's fun to fail because there's a large amount of variety with how all the systems interact with each otheri think the only way someone couldn't like it is if they really hate the idea of shooting in video games
,Recommended,242680,19736080,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,sufficey,PROS:-everything-big tam-solid playsCONS:-idk
76561198024301834,Recommended,242680,19556657,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TheronGodspeed,This is easily one of the BEST games I own. It's also one of the LEAST expensive.
,Recommended,242680,19754041,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Jeco,IDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPDIDPD
76561197987872325,Recommended,242680,21501509,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lemartes,Why didn't I buy this sooner.
,Recommended,242680,14956283,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Bombastic Wombat,"I have only spent around one hour and twenty three minutes in this game, and holy shiz nipples is it amazing. I havent dabbled in rougelike games that much so i dont know how all of them are suppose to feel but this game controls so well and feels great to play. This game has definitely made it near the top of my all time favorites list and i imagine will stay there for a wile, that says a lot considering how little i have actually played. Now for me this game is very challenging and from that comes the reward of progressing further and further into the game up to the throne. I have yet to make it to the throne but i have felt very proud of making it further than my previous attempts.If you feel like you need a good single player game or want a very good rouge like to add to your collection, do yourself a favor and GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,242680,23528196,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SPOOKencile,Better than Relic Hunters Zero.
76561197982345110,Recommended,242680,21751567,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lioncash,"The nuclear throne exists... honestly.... I promise you it exists. This is the vain string of hope that I've held onto playing this game. It will eat your soul... no questions, is it hard? Is a stone hard or perhaps a diamond? Or perhaps a neutron star -_- or the crushing singularity of a blackhole.....If you like bullet hell, permadeath and destroying yourself repeatedly. Buy this game."
,Recommended,242680,22485562,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,cake,*Get's the upgrade where corpeses hit and fly harder**Kills Big Dog in 3 hits with sledge hammer**Accidently kills bandit behind**Bandits corpse blows up a car**I die*-the end-
,Recommended,242680,19527957,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Polarity,Good game.
,Not Recommended,242680,22884870,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"Despite me having a (propably unhealthy) amount of hours in this game, I simply can't recommend it, it isn't finished. This game probably won't really be finished. And that's fine. It's a good game, but a problem comes in the fact that it, like I said, isn't finished. There are still situations in which a certain boss (Lil Hunter) can make or break you with no real input on the other player's side. You can go into that fight and have a clear room to fight him in, or a room full of enemies, even multiple elite variants. Glitches, crashing, and general confusing issues are also problematic. I assumed these things would be fixed once it was out of early access, but even after acknowledging it in November, it's May, and it still isn't fixed. As it is right now, I simply cannot reccomend the game. If you want a good shoot-em-up roguelike, you might wanna try Enter the Gungeon. I've only heard good things about it."
,Not Recommended,242680,32802891,Posted: 25 June,all,x2Madda,"While heaps of positive reviews are thrown at this game, I feel it is more because it was a labour of love and a good game to watch other people play than anything to do with the game itself.The game is difficult without actually being hard which I realize requires explination but hard is when something tests your skills and leaves little room for error for example a good bullet hell game and difficult is when factors work against you that you might not have control over which is any game that has RNG with negative odds.The stage layouts are randomized but you can always expect certain events to occour on specific stages, which I like as it lends better to retry attempts unlike FTL where you can get messed up and have zero control over it.In that regard, when compared to its contemporaries Nuclear Throne is a game with good design.However...It is a buggy mess and updates are slow to the point of abandonware with an update being promised in early 2016 that still has not been deployed. Bugs and glitches add a forth dimension to the difficulty as you can die instantly or find yourself in bizaare situations and simply have to give up that run. These are events that are fun to watch such as during a twitch stream but not exactly fun to experience for yourself, infact they are downright antagonistic in a game that leaves little room for error.On that topic, you have 0 recovery frames on hit so you can get cut down immediately if you are prone to moments of panic and some enemies seem to have a ""♥♥♥♥ you"" mode if left alive too long which might not be in your control to do anything about due to low ammo or a bunch of enemies you want to deal with in a controlled fashion so you feel punished for taking a careful approach.No problem, just go gung ho right? well maybe don't! Actually, maybe don't do that. If you run out of ammo then tough. You do not get a melee attack, you will just have 2 guns with empty clips and if no ammo remains then thats too bad kiddo, time to kill yourself.I'm not sure if that was intentional or an oversight and I am not citing it as a negative either way but the game never decides if it wants to be a bullet hell or a roguelike and so sometimes you can go nice, slow and cautious while other times you just end up going balls to the wall as you try to navigate a stage you have done countless times but this time RNG has not blessed you.An arguement can be bad that it is the nature of these games and for a genre I claim to enjoy, I should know that however also par for the course for these games is minor progression. Sure you die over and over but you get some skill or trinket for future runs to make them more palatable however Nuclear Throne doesn't have that, instead you are expected to beat the game in order to hold on to goodies that will help you to, you guessed it, beat the game...Again.This is difficult enough but we have a nasty bug that has become a ""feature"" at this point and its death. Or rather, the effects of death. If you die in multiplayer and are revived, you lose EVERYTHING and that includesyour level up perkswhich I will frankly call a bug since you do not revert back to level one, you simply lose everything and get a middle finger in your face. This makes multiplayer bad, but the bad gets worse because if one person dies and you don't revive them fast enough, you also lose health until you die. You can both make it really far, die, and be stuck with no perks, too far in the game to get anymore and effectively be expected to win on ""skill alone"" which is a kick in the groin but not impossible however if I wanted such a """"""fun"""""" challenge there are actually better bullet hell games out that I could be playing thatdon'thave limited ammo.My issue is that the game fails as a bullet hell because we, the player have limited ammo to retailiate with and it fails as a rogue-lite because the progression requires you to beat the game and thus misses the point and it fails as a co-op game because unless you are both godly at the game, having a partner is just adding an extra you lose condition so all we have left is a game that is fun to watch someone else play so you can enjoy all the action with none of the suffering.Bluntly speaking, this game hasn't aged well and wasn't great when it did launch originally but it was a fresh foray into bullet hell rogue lites which as a whole, hardly has any titles. First impressions are also good so its easy to see why it sold as well as it did. Calling the game bad when it launched would get you beaten up but with the passage of time, better games have come forth and this is just a forgotten relic.If you intend to play solo I can cautiously recommend the game but if you want to play with friends then here is a pro-tip, don't.Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
,Not Recommended,242680,22056219,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TaleLore,"This game is pretty fun. Unfortunately about 1/5 of the time I die due to things that are out of my control, which is frustrating. I was doing extremely well the last time I played, and then the portal to spawn to the next area appeared right next to an exploding car and killed me instantly from full health to nothing.♥♥♥♥♥♥like this happens constantly, so I can't recommend this game even though without all of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it's pretty fun."
76561198027104941,Not Recommended,242680,26305598,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,luciasar00,"Nuclear throne makes the curious design decision to put a large amount of content (around 30% or so) at a skill level that is outside what most players are capable of accomplishing under normal circumstances.This game is very, very hard, and unlike hard but inherently progressable games like Dark Souls or Risk of Rain, there is not really anything you can do to get around it - you can't grind or progress your way to victory. At some point, it's likely you'll ""cap out"" your skill level, or get to a point where only hundreds of hours of practice will improve your chances.This capping out point might even be before you ""finish the game"", proper - reaching the Throne is something several of my friends gave up on after 40+ hours of gameplay. ""Looping"" the game is even further out of reach, far beyond anything I was ever able to achieve even as a long time player of difficult shoot-em-ups - you'll notice that many, if not most, of the players discussing loop gameplay on the forums have 100 to 200+ hours of gameplay.This is where content comes in. 5 out of the game's 9 bosses are loop-only. One (and arguably three) of the game's characters are so difficult that they are effectively not practical for most players. Many of the bonus stages are late in the game and require a great deal of skill and luck to unlock. And for many players, runs will end far before they even reach the majority of the stages and enemies in the game. This is a lot of content that if you're not an extremely skilled or dedicated player, you will not (and unlike other similar games, may *never*) get value from.I think it should be obvious from the other reviews that the game's gameplay is pretty on point. There's of course elements of irritation regarding random spawns and powerful enemies, which are also covered better by other reviews. But ultimately, I cannot recommend this game to most players, because a huge proportion of its content is not actually intended for most players. Even if you're able to get decently far, as I did, the sheer amount of content that feels permanently out of your reach can leave a bad taste in your mouth.There's so much that cannot be accessed by a player who is not prepared to sink hundreds of hours into the attempt, and if you're not confident that that's something you'll be willing or able to do, you should be cautious before buying Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,242680,19508501,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Achilles,Like Kevin Costner
76561198044010267,Not Recommended,242680,21977646,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,"Im sorry,","I like this game but sadly it after all this time is held back by a few things.  certain enemies to this day are still broken, certain issues still exist such as spawning and then instantly dying to a enemy right next to you before you can move.  and saddest of all is that like many indie games the dev just seems to ignore it when the community asks for online co-op meaning 90% of the time the co-op feature is meaningless. sadly the Dev took a attitude that the community""s feelings don't matter much so I no longer see hope the game will be improved further.  if you don't mind those faults its a good game, but buyer be ware."
,Not Recommended,242680,22275422,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Im The MilkMan!,ᵀʰᵉ ˢᵗʳᵘᵍᵍᶫᵉ ᶜᵒᶰᵗᶦᶰᵘᵉˢ⋅
76561198052837452,Recommended,242680,23408124,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Idox,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,242680,33600755,Posted: 16 July,all,Groove Patrol,LITTLE HUNTER PLEASE PENTRATE ME DADDY AHAAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHFFFFF♥♥♥♥KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGBULLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTdisclamer: Yeah its a good game
,Recommended,242680,22196271,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,dsfrd (งツ)ว,"OF COURSE I RECOMMEND THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. IT'S LIKE BINDING OF ISAAC ON COCAINE AND ECSTASY!There's one thing though that I'd like to tell you: If you do rage or get frustrated fast, do not buy. Unless you love Roguelikes. That combination doesn't make sense but there's strange people on this planet.The RNG in this game doesn't give a single flying ♥♥♥♥. It doesn't assist you, it doesn't have mercy. Sometimes it even feels like it just decided to end you.Oh you've just ended that level where you barely survived with 1HP because you had a ♥♥♥♥ing revolver and the game decided to not spawn any useful weapons in the levels before at all? Well ♥♥♥♥ you then, have fun with this spawn right inside of an entire army of enemies without any cover whatsoever!I gotta say, the RNG is just extremely frustrating sometimes. But oh boy, if you have a good run with great weapons and mutations!Yeah, I do suck at the game (haven't even looped once) but I'll sure as hell not stop playing it.P.S.: ♥♥♥♥ING LIL HUNTER FFS"
76561198321491415,Recommended,242680,34826400,Posted: 8 September,all,SoulReaperGKH,it good
,Recommended,242680,17916465,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ayyyylien,♥♥♥♥ing amazing game! I cant wait for multiplayer... Me and my girlfriend together would be such a rage.
76561198070792465,Recommended,242680,28773892,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,donut,"The only thing wrong with this game is that no matter how good you are, RNG will still manage to ♥♥♥♥ you over. Read other reviews to actually learn about the game, though."
76561198069181936,Recommended,242680,12366547,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,"Pete, Defender of Kids",Fish can roll 10/10
,Recommended,242680,25595831,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,easy money sniper,"bestes game evr very fun fun y grenade launcher kill KiL me doe :( oh well , bye bye"
,Recommended,242680,20655634,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Paul Atreides,"Nuclear Throne is the type of game you'd probably want to buy, its worth the $11 dollars its at right now."
,Recommended,242680,17017696,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Hymen Cholo,ok so youre a fish and you have guns and you can roll. 10/10
,Not Recommended,242680,24675982,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SpazM,didn't give me melting b skin
,Recommended,242680,17420452,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,"HEY, THAT'S CHIEF TO YOU!",█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,242680,7616952,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Sounds uncomfortableeeeee. Testicular cancer for sure.
,Recommended,242680,18792896,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Fahrenheit°,Probably one of my favorite rougelikes.~
,Recommended,242680,29695072,Posted: 4 February,all,🎃 Honl SPOOKPASTA 🎃,best anime
76561198195448189,Recommended,242680,16234993,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Daggy af,the book was betterand the movie.well sort of
,Recommended,242680,23387997,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Skolgoete,"I ended up accidently ended up deleting my save after 22 hours of gameplay, now that I'm slightly better I got back prettymuch everything in about a hour and in like, 5 runs."
,Recommended,242680,34059127,Posted: 6 August,all,CrunkeeMunkee,i see gamei like gamesmiple
,Recommended,242680,24101515,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Heralcion『Zeppy』Mugen,Best game 1111111/11
76561198141999994,Recommended,242680,33871718,Posted: 28 July,all,TaltiK (TK),is gud gam plz buy
,Recommended,242680,19509321,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jammy.Jacques,It's ok.
,Not Recommended,242680,22400052,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,bizkit_109,"By far one of the worst devs to ever make a game.  Reported game breaking issue many others were experiencing back in November 2015, Dev responded in January of 2016 that it will be a priority issue, it is now April 2016 and have received 0 communication from the dev as to when a fix can be expected.  This dev does not communicate with his community and neglects any reported issues from his own bug section of the steam forums.   I would advise all my friends and only reading this review to avoid Vlambeer.  Reminds me very much of the dev SMP(Towns dev).See the following and make your own opinions:http://steamcommunity.com/app/242680/discussions/0/485623406937135859/and from the bug report forum:http://steamcommunity.com/app/242680/discussions/1/487876568224405724/"
76561198158874259,Recommended,242680,24868465,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hippie,ehhh it ok i guess
,Recommended,242680,15476522,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Lyndon1819,goood gam buy if ur good not gay but gays cvan play 2 its goodc its had chiclkewjns and it gowesa PpewPREWWWWWWWWWWWWW PEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
,Recommended,242680,14547783,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,jams,Best Indie I've ever played.
76561198177283466,Recommended,242680,25066688,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,anorexic dragon prostitute,"THis game will toss you aroundspit on youkick you when youre downassrape youbut you keep coming back for more. That's because this difficulty is addicting. Buy this game if you're not a ♥♥♥♥♥.Oh, and don't forget, Crystal can handle it."
76561198173576866,Recommended,242680,24137011,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,UrbanBoyzz,This game is harder than me when I see your mum
,Recommended,242680,17805539,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Cupstrom,"Ever wanted to know what it's like to have an abusive spouce who kicks you in the balls but you keep coming back because they make good pastaReeking with polish and with constant updates, Nuclear Throne is easily one of the best games you can buy on Steam. So what are you waiting for? Buy this game.[Edit] nvm I guess they don't update this game anymore but HEYIt's still pretty greatcould use some balancing though"
,Recommended,242680,19537042,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,C A P R I  M O O N,cool and very awesome and also kinda good some things in this game are also nice and all in all its a great game.
76561198052118118,Recommended,242680,10149346,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,EVe,Guns r yummy
,Recommended,242680,13792828,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SimonHax,its awesome but dificult you will need a lot of practice
76561197970999635,Not Recommended,242680,23901580,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vilmir,"Great gameplay, but the display mode apparently blocked at 30 FPS is very uncomfortable, giving me headackes pretty quickly on my 27 inches display. The effect is less impacting on my 17 inches laptop.I hope to see a remake of the game on a platform allowing fluid movements."
,Recommended,242680,19562210,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mike,"Vote Yung Venuz for Best New Character of 2015, MOTHERF*BLEEP*"
76561198248710824,Not Recommended,242680,28609287,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,anthonyrotar6969,i weird graphic will block almost all of the gameplay  so it was rendered unplayable fix your glitches this is the second time attempting to buy this game
,Not Recommended,242680,22890120,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Heretic,Game not always fair.  Unavoidable deaths.  Most of your luck is left to chance.  Some mutators are nothing but garbage.  Strangely addicting though.  5/10.
,Recommended,242680,29890192,Posted: 12 February,all,CsBr the Red Elite,"so i had written a very passionate essay about this game and what the devs have done wrong in recent update but it was mysteriously deleted along with my animosity.Tough break was a :hearts::hearts::hearts::hearts: show and we all know it; the supposed ""response update to overwatch"" ripped off overwatch worse than they did to us and had none of the feautes.but praise gaben i dont have to go over the list of issue because, get this, THEY LISTEN!good on you valve finnaly doing something right. Casual is looking better than ever and I have a lot more faith in the future of this game than i did 5 months ago.in conclusion play this game"
,Recommended,242680,19044437,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Purple Funny Joke,Nuclear Throne is one of the best Tactial shooter this game is for the fact that the look of the game is beatuiful and how the game plays some or more then the time is weapons and how great some of the weapons were in the patches but it is a real fun game of you want to get scared or killing this game is for you but. of you don't like that then leave but i leave you with this get busy killing or get busy dying.
,Recommended,242680,18817356,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Duck Dynasty,Dank
,Not Recommended,242680,31832230,Posted: 18 May,all,DieselKitten,"Since its official release, this game has actually gotten WORSE. You can't put the game in a window, if you need to use your computer for looking anything up, you need to exit out of a run that you can't save, thus losing all progress. Speaking of looking things up, they no longer show you how to unlock characters, so you HAVE to look up how to do it. These, and a number of other problems make the game inconsistent and borerline unplayable. I just want it back to the way it was during early access... I put 150+ hours into the game back then, but I will not play it anymore until they fix the game. I used to recommend this game because they fixed issues quickly but now they have basically stopped fixing them. RIP, Nuclear Throne, what used to be my favorite indie game."
76561198113749183,Not Recommended,242680,20515744,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Maverick_Rian,"This game is for a very select group of people. The average person will be turned off by the ""Difficulty"". I have played Spelunky for many hours and those familiar with Spelunky will know of its notorious difficulty. Well let me tell you Nuclear throne takes that to a whole new level and for me It is so difficult it is not even close to what I would call Fun.  This Game to me just does not feel balanced at all. In spelunky you can get hit hard by RNG and still make a really good run, but in Nuclear throne you can just get hammered regardless of skill or knowledge. Which brings me to my secound gripe with this game. It should have not left early access when it did at least in my opinion because of the balance issues and it still has many glitches and problems. I so desperately want to like this game and It still has Massive potential if the problems are fixed but as of right now I can't recommend someone buy this game. This is my 2 cents."
,Not Recommended,242680,20848362,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Zincoshine,"overrated.performance is significantly poor for a 2D game. resolution is 4:3. graphics are poorer than expected. Items seem significantly limited, you can only hold 2 weapons at the same time anyway. Characters seem vague, unlike characters in BoI that have very clearly defined purposes. Buy ziggurat or binding of issac instead."
,Not Recommended,242680,22251136,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ninja0Potato,30fps
76561198042075858,Not Recommended,242680,24780298,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Iron Juice,"the fact that there is a 30 fps cap ruins the game completely for me, i've read that its becasue the game is buldt like that and if you set it to 60fps the plays is double speed so no way to fix it, because im used to playing Enter the gungeon and other games in 144fps with my 144Hz monitor it feels HORRIBLE to play a rouglike on 30fps. other than the fps the game was really cool would reccomend if the framerate was unlimited"
,Not Recommended,242680,24918352,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,THRALL,"Random generator is far from good.  Sometimes monsters on first level are very tough, sometimes monsters on next levels - weak. No required ammo drops even it was said so."
,Not Recommended,242680,26961572,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,coconut gun,"games way too hard, how tf do you kill big bandit"
,Recommended,242680,12703790,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Natures Prophet Main,Just one more life... (Dies)Okay last one... (Ded)Cmon one last one... (Die)69/69 Best reality sim made
76561198139960397,Not Recommended,242680,22187116,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,permafrost,I could not any more characters because it would not let me
,Not Recommended,242680,33591207,Posted: 16 July,all,Knightmr,"Capped at 30 fps, feels choppy as all hell, in game sound is cluttered.  Gameplay is fun and intense, but the framerate cap because of the cheap development is just too terrible to recommend to anyone."
76561198069484572,Recommended,242680,22792335,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,La mano sinistra di Borna,Good game! i finished it easily! really good i like this but i died many times and i quite broke the PC LOL XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Not Recommended,242680,30953753,Posted: 4 April,all,The Wild Frog,THIS BOOT-BURNING GAME WILL NOT START UP FOR ME.  Pls send help.
76561197974800674,Not Recommended,242680,20535427,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Opponent,"So many positive reviews... Game made me nauseous, not fun either."
,Not Recommended,242680,25460459,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,urkel,"I don't see the point. You start fresh each time. No sense of progression. At least in other roguelikes, like  Rogue Legacy there is a progress in your players' skills that introduces in each retry something you want to test. I can understand that there are people who enjoy suffering without purpose. I'm not one of them. I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,242680,22154623,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"I got this♥♥♥♥♥♥refunded quick. Unneccesarily difficult and for one single reason: they give you only around 8hp. That's the only reason that this game was difficult for me. You can be doing superb and a stray bullet or some other bs kills you, ruining a very long run. Then you have to do it all over again and it isn't good enough to warrant starting over, and over, and over. Having to start a game from scratch dozens if not hundreds of times is not my idea of fun. If it were a really hard game but were more fairly challenging I would give it a thumbs up. But nope, since it is hard just because they wanted it to be the theme of the game, by giving you only 8hp.If you think this dog crap is too hard try out Void Raiders. It is much more fair but still hard as fk."
76561198047286285,Not Recommended,242680,22748075,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Horatio Svetlana,"I finally beat this game and the ending scene was my character sitting on the throne and credits over a loading screen while a song played. After the credits the inter dimensional police force look at you and then one of their agents go rogue.I wanted enough story to satisfy the effort I'd gone through, I did not get that and I'm not sure I'll ever play this game again since there's no safisfying end cutscene."
,Not Recommended,242680,19726552,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Nereke,"This is the most frustrating game. It's frustrating because it rides the line between great and terrible. There are certainly incredible moments, where you feel completely in control and every touch of the keyboard puts you centimeters away from death. Then there are other times when an enemy appears on top of you, resulting in instant death.I've played this game since early access. I've seen many welcome improvements and fixed bugs. Now that v1.0 has come I feel it is fair to say that this game will not reach the point where it will ever result in a satisfying playthrough. There are dozens of glitches than have stuck with the game since early access. Many of these glitches cause instant death. It's maddening to lose a game due to something out of your control. The better you become at the game, the more this happens. It has gotten to the point where I die only when the game puts me in a glitched or otherwise impossible situation.The core loop is addictive and never leaves you satisfied. It's the feeling of pulling the arm of a slot machine. Do not play this game if you value your time and energy."
76561198082485930,Not Recommended,242680,20128176,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MrKilts,This game is amazing its one of the hardest games ive played in a long time. but right now I can't give it thumbs up. After pulling an all nighter unlocker lots of characters and skins. I closed the game to come back to it in a few hours. when I did the game just completley broke. Everytime I hit play now the game just freezes and crashes. So I just sit here and wait that hopefully they will patch it next week.
76561198006602199,Not Recommended,242680,19687716,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Operative,"Nuclear Throne is a game that I admire for its execution and its unflinching vision for itself--a punishing rogue-like, action RPG with bullet-hell (or, depending on your play style, cover based shooter) elements. I objectively think Nuclear Throne is a great game and deserves to be played--it's just not a game that I particularly enjoyed, so I'm saying it's a Not Recommend if you think that brutal difficulty and repetition aren't exactly your thing.The best way to show my problem with Nuclear Throne is via numbers: With 21 hours, 32 minutes played, I've unlocked 7/12 characters, unlocked 22% of the game, and gotten as far as the third boss (Lil Hunter), whom I've never beaten. I've died 219 times and never finished a run. This means that I've played the same exact 3 or 4 starting levels almost every single one of those 219 times, killing the same ~3 enemy types per level. Sometimes I get farther, but I always have to play through those levels.Even with the well-designed, different characters, this repetition starts wearing thin. I'm really sick of these opening levels. This problem is exacerbated by how easily death ends a run. A slight misestimation of a bullet's trajectory, an accidental bump into a hidden enemy, poking your head out at exactly the wrong moment--one misstep and suddenly you're back at 1-1.The action is fast-paced and frenetic, and, when it hits a rhythm, Nuclear Throng can be fun. But, even as someone who enjoys really difficult games and loves rogue-likes (FTL is one of my favorite and most played games of all time), Nuclear Throne isn't for me--something I realized somewhere between my first aggravating death and my 219th."
,Not Recommended,242680,20438563,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,.::iragequit::.,Needs Better Aiming Options For Controller Players!
76561198013611279,Not Recommended,242680,21355277,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Random Hero,dont bother buying till this ♥♥♥♥s fix this god damn game
,Not Recommended,242680,20573217,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,anthrax5264,"this is the first review i have ever written. And that fact should prove my frustration. i love this game, but if you dont want to have to constantly re-unlock characters becuase every time it updates it resets then dont touch it."
,Not Recommended,242680,19974232,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Brutwarst,"This game is otherwise fun, but I thought I could deal with the 30 FPS lock.I found that the 30 FPS lock actually made this game unenjoyable."
76561198039153010,Not Recommended,242680,20280927,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Solid,"I cannot recommend this game in good faith.Those who are aware of my history with this game may find this unusual and I apologize to any who are offended by my opinion.  However I cannot, under the weight of my conscious, suggest that others play this game.  The issue is not a lack of quality; quite the opposite.  This is a game where people lose hours, days, weeks while just pushing as far as they can.  Spawn, kill, get hit by a Rhino on 6_1, spawn, kill, meet Lil Hunter, spawn, kill, loop all over again.  My time played is staggering, but I am not even close to the most time spent by a single person and it also does not account for all the additional time spent.  The hours I used making posts, talking about things with friends, watching others to see what they did, finding secrets, and getting unlocks.  Over the past years this filled gaps between less interesting games and shows.  Just a seamless gauntlet of spawning, killing, porting between worlds, collecting gats, slaying bosses, and then getting taken out only to do it all over again.  And again.  Deep in it's subtitles, simple in it's concept, hypnotic in it's nature.  A beautiful back hole of time.  If given the chance to do it again I'm certain I'd spend even more time with it...  But-but for others, for those who are not aware; who have not stood at the brink of the abyss.  Have not watched time slip though their fingers run after run; loop after loop.  I say there is nothing for you here.  If you were to delve into this it could make so many other titles appear shallow and lacking by comparison.  It's brilliance would make a library of games appear dull under the same light.Again I say; under the weight of my conscious and in good faith I cannot recommend this game.  Now if you'll excuse me I have an abyss to peer into once more."
,Not Recommended,242680,20815245,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,You,it gets boring after ten minutes
76561198006301875,Not Recommended,242680,25825103,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Watcher in The Dark,"Because of low FPS or syncing or whatever, the game is pretty shakey and makes me nauseous after a couple minutes of play.  If you don't get motion sick ever, you may be fine with it though."
,Not Recommended,242680,29581908,Posted: 30 January,all,r3mus,"Honestly this game is great, why?Well i would go into detail but i´m really feeling disappointed by this game.Since update 98 (which came out like a year ago) there has been absolutely no updates and even less information about what´s going on.Well i would be sad to say this game is already dead, but it´s the truth and that´s why investing in it at this time is not the best idea."
,Not Recommended,242680,30113077,Posted: 22 February,all,Magerama,"What do people find in this game? I couldn't see It, I guess. It's bleak, repetitive and not worth of Its fame."
,Not Recommended,242680,19704458,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Vaarel,"Controller support is a joke, says full controller but analog sticks or dpad on standard xbox360 style controller do nothing. I can't say anything about the rest of the game because I don't plan to play it with a keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,242680,25594352,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,M⌬rtius,Hard but fun. ;)
,Not Recommended,242680,29019324,Posted: 4 January,all,obv hacker 110%,"The resolution and FPS gave me cancer.Edit: To clarify, the resolution is 320x240 (4:3), FPS is locked to 30. On a modern 24"" Full HD display it feels just terrible, and the fact that without a hack it can't even stretch to cover the whole screen makes it even worse."
76561198000392074,Not Recommended,242680,25896794,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Gestaltzerfall,"a ""hard"" game locked to 30 fps with frequent gamemaker related crashes"
76561198033602078,Not Recommended,242680,19931230,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Citronvand,"After seeing all those positive reviews my expectations were high. The main thing that made me refund it was the 30 fps cap, the game didn't feel smooth at all and the camera movement felt very twitchy for lack of a better word. Especially with a Xbone gamepad, it was a little better with the mouse and keyboard. My problem with mouse and keyboard was the re-binding of keys were limited, I could not use my extra mouse buttons and I could only add more bindings to the keyboard, not remove existing ones. So space will always change weapons for instance, you couldn't use space for something else, which I wanted. Well, you could but then space would do 2 things, change weapons and whatever you added, which made it unusable.The game itself wasn't that bad, but certainly not worth the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"". I expected more of the mutations, I was hoping they were unique to the characters and changed the appearence. But they were more like meh powerups, such as deal damage when you take damage, slower enemy bullets, ""extra-life"" and stuff like that. The characters didn't feel that different to each other either, each character basically has a gimmick ability, for example one character can roll and another character can pull enemies and items to him. But the gameplay still felt the same betweeen all the characters. There wasn't enough difference between them. It came down to shoot stuff with guns + 1 gimmick ability.The game didn't feel very random either which rogue-lites normally do. Generally you want a new and fresh start whenever you die. But the maps, albeit randomly made corridors, always were the same in the same order and you always encountered the same bosses in the same order. Take bindings of Isaac for instance, there is a chance you encounter boss X on floor Y, but in this game you always encounter boss X on floor Y. This, the not so different characters and the meh powerup mutations made the game feel very similar, too similar, between playthroughs. Not something you want in a rogue-lite.The game feels very overhyped and I can't recommend it at full price. I might give it another chance when there's a big discount but my impressions is that it isn't that good and the 30 fps cap stands out like a sore thumb."
76561198057193982,Not Recommended,242680,31307779,Posted: 22 April,all,Valentine,It's good like a mix between The Binding of Isaac and Hotline Miami. But it's locked to 30 fps which makes the game feel slow sluggish and generally unfun.
76561198087789909,Not Recommended,242680,25847831,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,[JPP] waddleman,"TLDR: This game has a horrible habit of being impossible to win unless you get lucky and you constantly run out of ammo. Even the most skilled player might be spawned into a room with zero cover or get caught between 2 attacks that can't be dodged without cover.This game is frustratingly difficult. In most roguelikes you get stronger over time (binding of isaac, roguelands, etc) so your experience, abilities, and weaponry scale to fight harder enemies. The problem with nuclear throne is that even though you gain more abilities as you progess through the game, you still take a ludicrous amount of damage from every enemy at every level and there's no invulnerability window after you're hit. This means about 1-2 bullets or touching an enemy 1-2 times will instantly kill you at every level. The general response is, ""Just get better at the game."" But many mobs have attacks with no gap that are only blockable with an ability, a melee weapon, or cover. So if in the moment you are shot at you don't have access to any of the 3, you die instantly. And if you're unlucky enough to stand between two enemies that fire these walls of bullets, you die instantly. Additionally the game will spawn you into a new level literally sourounded by enemies and boxed into a tiny room. So as soon as you spawn into the level, you die instantly. This makes bossfights so annoying. Almost every bossfight level is just a large arena with no cover packed with enemies. So you have about 5 seconds to franticly waste all your ammo trying to clear out the room before the boss or an errant enemy kills you in one hit. Finally ammo is balanced terribly. All useful weapons have a very low ammo capacity and use a criminally large amount of ammo every time they shoot. So your only hope of lasting to later levels is to use weak weapons that don't use a ton of ammo, or use a good weapon at 100% efficiency and pray to god there are enough ammo boxes in each level."
76561198119425188,Not Recommended,242680,28175867,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Rep Raccoon,crashes
,Not Recommended,242680,19604388,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Enforce,"I HIGHLY do not recommend this game unless you are a completemasochist.I've been playing this game for 40 hours and I have yet to reach the nuclear throne.This game is so punishing and so random at the same time. You depend heavily on the right set of perks and guns. There are many times where I have opened chests and all I have gotten is a wrench or a crossbow.And even when you manage to get the right perks and perfect guns, you get spawned in a map in the middle of tens of monsters instantly killing you.Its not that this game is difficult, it just only appeals to people who enjoy getting THE PERFECT run. Cause I tell you 'hwat:The tiniest mistake, element, spawn can instantly cause you to lose your run."
,Not Recommended,242680,19656559,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,PowaSurge,The 30 fps lock is annoying.
76561198085736968,Not Recommended,242680,31054290,Posted: 9 April,all,Major0Noob,input lag...
,Not Recommended,242680,32260484,Posted: 7 June,all,Fessel,"30 FPS cap...I built a computer with the explicit intention to never see 30 FPS again.Fun game, but after 120 FPS average, going to 30 FPS makes it look like Walmart Lag all the time"
76561198055363070,Not Recommended,242680,18649915,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,CecilLeo,I was really excited when this game first came out. Now it's been two years and there are still so many details that need to be worked on and improved. Also this game is NOT friendly to new players at all. But at your own risk.
76561198046043902,Not Recommended,242680,34599171,Posted: 29 August,all,willracer1,Bad gam4
76561198024469649,Not Recommended,242680,18854032,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DumbCustomer,Game got abandonned to the 0.98 patch.So the game never reached 1.0 release according to its own developpers who abandoned it without any consideration for their customers.A shameful practice.Never Vlambeer again.
,Not Recommended,242680,19548021,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,It's bugged to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Give it a month or two.
76561198027646144,Not Recommended,242680,19511348,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,stillsoul07,"Wanted to play this in online co-op mode since it clearly says ""co-op"" AND ""local co-op"" in the details, BUT IT ONLY WORKS WITH LOCAL CO-OP! And trying to play it locally with controllers is horrible, so it was a waste of money for us."
76561198002009022,Not Recommended,242680,19461768,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ZarquonReturns,"What can I say about this? Eyugh. It's still early access, but the play-style isn't for me. Movement and aiming feel loose and sluggish. For some reason, deaths and victories feel cheap and random, unlike other rogue-likes like Spelunky. There's a lot of well-deserved love for Vlambeer, but I don't think Nuclear Throne lives up to the hype. Maybe the pacing and controls will be better by the official launch date. Right now, It feels like an amateurish mouse and keyboard Gauntlet knock-off, with easy death, trudging around in post-apocalyptic rubble. It's like that indie RPG game LISA, another game whose high rating seems completely unjustified. Is it supposed to be artsy and enjoyable to stare at grey scenery for hours without progress, like avant-garde German television? I'm done with this."
,Not Recommended,242680,19540458,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,arnzzz,"very buggy. In 2 hours playing ive crashed over 10 times lol.Other than that, its great :)------------------------------------------------edit...OK ive been paying this alot now, and im getting really frustrated. Its so ♥♥♥♥ing buggy, I rarely get through a long session without a full blown crash to desktop.------------------------------------------------edit...OK, another desktop crash, the 3rd one in the last hour.And i couldnt even get past the first screen earlier.THIS GAME IS GREAT WHEN IT WORKS, BUT FROM A TECHNICAL STANDPOINT, ITS A HOT STEAMING BLOODY MESS !!!!!!!!!"
76561198161691706,Not Recommended,242680,19222869,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,『 S U P E R S T I T I O N 』,"This game was good, but due to some sort of recent update...Moving automactically fires, and you cannot shoot while moving. Which is a valueble assest to a game like this.  Over all, was good...now trash."
76561198013654857,Not Recommended,242680,19540651,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,GodsGunman,"Very fun game, but far too short."
,Not Recommended,242680,19555844,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Jacob(NikkaDark),"First time writing a review. I saw the hype about this game and some videos. Was a little mislead about the details of the game as far as seeing it says Coop AND local coop meaning it should have multiplayer. Basically if you want to play the first level 5,000,000 times with no saves or checkpoints, die endlessly to bllsh!t or bad randomly generated positions. Develop a psychotic disorder and smash your computer into a million pieces, buy this now"
76561198069440945,Not Recommended,242680,18377723,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,acrazyblackman,It will not appeal unless u are up too the action and frustration.
76561198027972441,Not Recommended,242680,29651098,Posted: 2 February,all,White♊Gemini,"this game is great in almost every way,,, exceptwhat makes this game suck is the binding of issac system of do this♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over see the same few area's over and over die in a cheap way over and over this type of gameplay is boring on top of boringedit: daum look at all them salty♥♥♥♥♥kissing fanboys game is boring deal wit it.and again I THINK THE GAMEPLAY IS GREAT but his awesome work needs way way more content just think of the potential as a action RPG instead of this F U type of nothingness..i love vlambeer's style but not this delivery"
76561198075547394,Not Recommended,242680,19156163,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,swiftfatguy,There is not much content dont get me wrong its fun but there is not enough wait till it is out of early acess
,Not Recommended,242680,29573936,Posted: 29 January,all,BetreutesWohnenTobias,Would recommend it if Li'l Hunter wasn't there.
,Not Recommended,242680,33492574,Posted: 12 July,all,Strangely Normal,"Nope, nope nope nope. Paid 11 bucks for an umplayable game. I know you already are asking ""did you beat the game?"" The answer is no, in fact the tuturial is nearly impossible due to THE MOST ANNOYING BUG OF ALL TIME. From the moment you get the in game cursor in the start screen you will see EXACTLY what I'm talking about. When you move your mouse left, it goes right and vice versa. And not only that, but the sensitivity going left and right is insane. No, there isn't anything in settings to turn off the inversion or the sensitivity. I couldn't even complete the first room of the tutorial because of the countless times I accidentily click off screen, which sends you straight to a menu that doesn't work, so you have to go into task manager and close the entire program. Yes, I have tried restarting it multiple times. I've unistalled and reinstalled multiple times. I've restarted my computer, messed around in settings and nothing helps. Don't buy it."
76561198132193394,Not Recommended,242680,33889554,Posted: 29 July,all,YIMYIMYIM,the game  is repetative  ad is no fun after 5 mins. it should not e 9.99£ it looks like one of those crappy 79p iphone games
76561198167680202,Not Recommended,242680,29095229,Posted: 7 January,all,Ickon leader- ghoul,"i prefer overwatch to this obvious clone. overwatch is the best FPS and this, well this is just disgusting."
,Not Recommended,242680,34027291,Posted: 4 August,all,Sundew,my name jeff 21 dab
76561198160404996,Not Recommended,242680,19739197,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,The Real Donald J. Trump,It's not good.
76561198171300371,Not Recommended,242680,30908606,Posted: 2 April,all,jucypandacoco13,this game does not work for anyone who has windows 10
76561198025069268,Not Recommended,242680,31744136,Posted: 14 May,all,jeremyrasmussen85,"This game is horrible. Do NOT buy it, even if it's on sale.I was drawn in by the graphics and the genre (rouge-lite bullet-hell). So, I thought, this game cannot possibly be bad, given the forumla.Unfortunately, I was wrong.This game, other than the formula it follows, has almost no positive qualities. I am UNBELIEVABLY surprised by the fact that it is reviewed in such a positive light.The variety of guns is lacking. You basically get fours types; guns that use bullets, energy, shells, and bolts (there are meelee type weapons too, like a screwdriver. How creative! Or, a wrench... wow! Double creative!).The guns are all basically the same, except this particular gun shoots two bullets at a time instead of one, or this one shoots TWO bolts instead of one (mega creative!).The difficulty is also quite high, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but sometimes you'll just be plopped down into a veritable warzone with little to no time to prepare, putting you at a HUGE disadvantage (which makes the game quite frustrating, especially when you consider two bullets can easily take more than half of your life, or just put an end to your run altogether).The game also gives you the option to choose from different ""mutants,"" with their own unique abilities. This sounds interesting, but some of the abilities are worthless. The ""fish"" character (one of the first available characters), for example, can ""roll,"" but I never quite figured out what the purpose of this ""ability"" was. You don't become invulnerable, or anything; bullets and enemies still hit you. It was just kind of a ""fun"" way to move about the map.Speaking of the map, the levels are all uninspired and boring.If it is not part of your library already, just buy Enter the Gungon and play it instead. It is of the same genre, but excels at everything at which this game fails.I've never tried to get a refund before, but it's going to be the first thing I do after writing this review.TL;DRThis game is bad, bad, bad. Play Enter the Gungeon instead."
,Not Recommended,242680,34016532,Posted: 4 August,all,Shem,This is easily my new favourite gameReally addicting and has a nice ostGiving it a negative review however because illuminati
,Not Recommended,242680,18628925,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,illLoomiNate,I just bought and downloaded the game but the sound is not working. Ive tripled checked my side of things and there should be sound. Even in the settings I have the volume set to be 100. Help please.
,Not Recommended,242680,16838248,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Moon Man,"DISCLAIMER: If you have a dual monitor (or 3 monitors) setup, this game is so annoying that it practically becomes unbearable to play for long. The mouse resets to a really, REALLY awkward position and you have to drag the mouse for what feels like 20 meters until the mouse becomes centered on the game again. And if you click the mouse before it's centered on the game, it minimizes it.It's even WORSE if you have it in windowed mode. For this reason I cannot recommend this game.I do not know if it behaves the same way without 2 monitors but I doubt it."
76561198148138991,Not Recommended,242680,18430726,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,joshsteeleman,WONT EVEN LAUNCH JUST TRY TO SYNC AND CANCELS LAUNCH EVERY TIME
76561198038788916,Not Recommended,242680,18377751,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Girl Crawling Chaos,This game set my computer on fire. That isn't a joke.
,Not Recommended,242680,14099776,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mem,"Great game, have spent many hours playing it and have progressed fairly far into it. Only thing it is missing is multiplayer over steam or at least a server hosting option. I wouldnt even mind port forwarding for this game, but still no multiplayer. Please get on that devs, I know I'm not the only one who has suggested this. I'll recommend this game once it has multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,242680,14072438,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Shine,"Actually disappointing. Grants all of the characters very easily without having anything else to really offer, leaving the game feeling generally unrewarding for pretty much the rest of the game. Randomized level layouts feel somewhat bland. Everything else is more or less fine but leaves something to be desired.However, if you like a very simple game without much depth, but a very challenging one at that, then the game is fine."
76561197996888258,Not Recommended,242680,18597919,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Sushiheaven,"So it's been on development for what, 3 years?Well, this game is terribly done. Sorry for your 3 years of work.You call it roguelike-like, I call it nothing-like-roguelike-like.(1) No usable items, even Risk of Rain(which I also don't really think roguelike-like) had usable items for getting players out of various situation(or, ♥♥♥♥♥torm.) Not all roguelike has usable items, but this game needs one.(2) Pretty much every object except explosives have no use at all; except blocking my shot which is just annoying.(3) It has no tactical gameplay whatsoever. Level's generated randomly, just like every other roguelike games, except this is not a turn-based game and you can get stuck with 4 snowbots at the start of level with no possible tactical solution for saving yourself. Well, Good luck with that.This game also has some problems as a shooting game.(1) You can't see some enemy shots clearly. For example, I.D.P.D. Grenade is barely visible until it blows your face off.(2) Screen shakes as you shoot and explode things. What the actual ♥♥♥♥. At this point, I don't think the developer knows what shooting game is. Hopefully, you can disable screen shake in the option, but why the ♥♥♥♥ does a shooting game have an option for shaking the damn screen?I would like a refund, but I played more than 2 hours, so...Well, graphic's nice at least. I like pixelated graphic."
76561198028692447,Not Recommended,242680,16066908,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,lugzx1,"I tried using a gamepad, and I could no longer access the options, and I could only use one gamepad. Needs to be fixed"
,Not Recommended,242680,16070253,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,TATER,this is a gay(me)
,Not Recommended,242680,15613482,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,InitialVox,"Deaths feel cheap, many bullet sponge enemies,  a soundtrack that is better left muted, and the crown system which adds nothing to gameplay.Not worth $12.99, pirate it first to try it first."
,Not Recommended,242680,17051486,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Tek,"Personally, this game goes over my head. I'd prefer to have longer levels and more health. As is, it's too run n' gun, trial and error for me."
,Not Recommended,242680,14510289,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,･*.✡(■ل͟■)✡.*･,"Playing this game is essentially mental preparation for suicide.No matter how many of the best♥♥♥♥♥♥put into this game you get, you will always suck at the end, and it isnt fun.One of the biggest cases of buyers remorse Ive ever been given."
,Not Recommended,242680,16214923,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Vhondy™,bo2 was better no 12 year olds saying that they ♥♥♥♥ed my mom how am i supose to now who my mom has been with
,Not Recommended,242680,29593255,Posted: 30 January,all,heroina,-
76561197971512680,Not Recommended,242680,17589014,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Mr.Vercetti,Meh.
,Not Recommended,242680,14579033,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,7Soul,Hope you like dodging bullets
,Not Recommended,242680,15990817,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jakobian,"Powers are not intuitive, can't find a screen to see what the controls are, and the game crashed within the first 20 minutes of playing. Wish I would have doublechecked before purchasing. Early access shouldn't exist."
,Not Recommended,242680,17066484,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Water Face,Locked to 30fps. Unacceptable for a PC game. Buy it when they unlock the framerate.
76561198005620186,Not Recommended,242680,17736419,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,squizzay,"I love this game, 11/10But I want my life back.send help."
76561197972679398,Not Recommended,242680,19511138,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,PoLy,"Keyboard controls are awfull, key rebinding is a total failure. Avoid for now."
76561197966688869,Not Recommended,242680,15336346,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,AllGodsGlory,not fun.  not inspiring or deep.
,Not Recommended,242680,15795534,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ZackOfAllTrades,Wow this game is overated....
,Not Recommended,242680,12406852,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Halindir,"Fun at first, but it quickly grows repetitive and hollow as you progress.Reading the reviews about the difficulty was what initially intrigued me about the game, and it seems to be a mix of poor design and genuinely hard content that sets the difficulty of Nuclear Throne.The game is still in ""paid beta-testing"" so the repetition and lack of any real replayability aside from rage-driven spite and the swift perma-death might not be relevant once Nuclear Throne is out of Early Access.But at its current state I would not recommend it for the asking price. I will however recommend you wait for it to officially release and go on a discount."
76561198003552620,Not Recommended,242680,13962513,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[PoE] confrication,"Despite all the buzz about this I somehow missed ""obtw this is a moderately bullet-hell-ish shooting game that runs at 30fps"".  You have got to be ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me."
,Not Recommended,242680,13367029,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"It's basically an adult swim game... which isnt saying much. Not something that should cost what it does. The game is pretty simple and repetitive. The levels are awfully small. Also, I had a former review up that was negative and the community of players on this game are literally insane. They all asked their friends to vote it down, and some even added me telling me to remove the review. I only did to post another review that will stay up for more than 30 minutes. What is wrong with you kids? Can't someone have an opinion? You don't need to invest hours of gametime into this game to see what it is. You play a minute long level, buy an upgrade, play another minute long level slightly harder, buy an upgrade, play another level with a boss and buy an upgrade... that is it. Also, the trailer portrays it as customizable mutants but it's not really that. You have a few to select, and then they give you a choice of 3 upgrades at the end of a level specifically only for that mutant. Most of the upgrades are just more health or more damage. Get this game MAYBE if its under 5 bucks. Even then, if I knew it, I wouldnt buy it.Also, people adding me to tell me to take this review down is so wrong. You're harassing people into biasing the overall community rating. People are allowed to have their goddamn opinions. Some people ARE capable of figuring out a game is boring with in 45 minutes. Honestly, this game probably only has about 2 hours of game play, 3 or 3 and a half with replayability. That's only because youre going to die and get reset. Not because it's actually a long game. I have no problem with perma death but this games overall flaw is level design. Randomly generated levels doesnt matter because they are all so small, and there isn't much to interact with other than the enemies. It's just short level after short level. Lame rpg system, and overall standard gameplay.Another thing, menus are broken. Controller support is buggy, especially in regards to the menus. Pause has a main menu button and a reset game button. Resetting the game takes you to a 1 second intro, then the main menu. Is there a point? Someone explain this to me. Before anyone bashes me for saying no to this game, someone please explain this. Why do we need both buttons? We don't. It's just their for no reason.It's a no.If you want more proof...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fJiVmb-vQsIts 20 mins of gameplay. The guys already familiar with the game so its safe to assume hes decent at it... fast forward 18 minutes... it's the same thing that was going on the first minute.Now, take a look at some of the comments.Thats it."
76561198066332922,Not Recommended,242680,13797515,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Saltabiten,"Too hard, unplayable in the long run..."
76561198050549441,Not Recommended,242680,12270898,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,freedan,"I bought the game hearing that it was like binding of isaac although a little faster paced. I was looking for that casual game feel where each run would end in death (probably) but I would either progress a little farther or learn a little more about the game. This game is excruciatingly hard which makes it almost impossible to play in my opinion. But I’m gonna do this review old school and rate it by gameplay / sound / graphics and overall:Gameplay: 2/10 – Here’s why. It is way way too hard. I love games like BoI and Rogue Legacy, games where you feel you’re progressing and making headway. This game does not have that. You have a primary and secondary gun with the ability to swap out any guns you find on the level (this is where they get their two points). Each gun has an ammo type (bullets, energy, arrows, explosive or shotgun shells) and you can only carry so much of each ammo type, which is the first mistake this game makes, the enemies are crazy fast and there are a LOT of them. You normally won’t run out of ammo but if you do, it’s a wipe.Your health is very limited: 8 health points, most enemies take out two per hit, some will take more like 3 or 4. So you basically have 3 hits and you’re dead. There are mini bosses every 2nd stage and these can be difficult to take down with so many enemies on screen. As your avoiding the enemies, the shots they fire, the bosses multisprays and trying not to get to close to any explosive objects on screen, you're getting hit or playing it very safe which kills the fun of the game. It’s very hectic and seems unfair most of the time.The secondary powers your character gets is mostly unusable for most of the characters. And the one character (steroid) that has a really useful secondary power (dual wielding) starts off with 2 health points…. basically making him useless.Death comes quick and often. Too often. This game doesn’t have a learning curve so much as it has a learning scatterplot. There are a few strategies to use, but they all involve progressing very slowly, which seems out of place for such a fast paced game. Surprisingly, the first time I played this game, I made it to level 4, then after that, I had trouble getting to level 2. I think it had to do with character selection and the random guns I picked up.Sound 4/10 – It’s loud and not that great. Sorry. There is a certain ambience to some levels, but mostly it’s jarring and not the best. Sound effects are fine, and I like the SPLAT of enemies being smashed.Graphics: 6/10 – For what it is, I actually like the graphics. One of the main reasons I even picked this game up. Although the graphics are 8-bit esque, they are done well. Wish there were more variety though. Each level has 2 -3 enemy types and with there being around 7-8 levels, combined with the 10 or so characters, it just doesn’t add up to much variety. But that doesn’t mean I don’t like what I see.Overall: 3/10 – Those gameplay mechanics really drag this one down. It’s almost unplayable. Or rather it’s not fun to crawl through a game like this that is suppose to be so hectic and crazy. Those videos you see on the store page seem like so much crazy and fun-ness, but imagine the runs being as short as that video (watch the video again, and think 3 hits and I die). If you want to survive, you have to slow it down so much, that it becomes a different game. For that reason I will say the gameplay in the videos are unrealistic of what the game really is. Combine that with a sub-par soundtrack and graphics that lack the variety I expect from such a small game, it just doesn’t add up to a 10$ game. Wait for this game to go on sale for 1.99, you won’t be disappointed at that price. Let me rephrase that, you won’t be AS disappointed at that price, but I can tell you it’s not worth the 12.99 I paid for it."
,Not Recommended,242680,11681316,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,"homerhulk | Good girl, Misha!",Your game suck i lost all my data
,Recommended,242680,30433258,Posted: 10 March,all,NappyAppy,"This game is great, offers nice amounts of challenge and replay value. I have enjoyed it so much and I suggest you buy it too!"
76561198266965544,Recommended,242680,30383786,Posted: 7 March,all,neb,Fun game but playing anything with a conttroller is terrable
,Recommended,242680,17929141,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Zergark,Le pongo un 7.
,Recommended,242680,30392873,Posted: 8 March,all,nix-,I reallllly dig this game!It takes some practice to get good at it but its so much fun!Can't wait to play it coop with friends!
76561198063462140,Recommended,242680,30419646,Posted: 9 March,all,16 bit glitch,"diffucult yet fun, props to YellowAfterlife for making the mod 'Nuclear Throne Together' which add real online muliplayer with steam intergration to the game so now i can loop with friends"
,Recommended,242680,9394641,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ApachePrime,"I wish I had bought this game months ago when I first saw it. It is one of the most fun games I've played, and every update gets better and better. The devs bring a lot to the table too, with live streaming of the development progress. The characters are all unique, but similar enough that playing on Random is even more fun just to see who you get each round. There is so much more than the surface of this game suggests, and they are just adding more. Early Access doesn't mean ""unplayable"" in this case, and the bugs are few and far between. Enjoyable is an understatement, with one caveat below.Random is the key to this game. If you can't deal with that, don't play it. Every level is random. The guns, the power-ups, the enemies, all random. This game can be very tough, and unforgiving. Sometimes you'll spawn in a perfectly safe little passage way, with the enemies spaced out and strategically easy. Sometimes you'll spawn next to a boss who can kill you in one shot. Some run will give you the weapons to hold your own against ANYTHING, and some runs you'll get the same few guns over and over. I don't think the random nature is frustrating, but your mileage may vary."
76561198100349822,Recommended,242680,9464711,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mr_LovelyFace,"A game that you can play for an hour or for justfive minutes, either way, your going to enjoy your time playing :)"
,Recommended,242680,10383018,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Naruga,"Oh wow. I had doubts at first, but...I was proved wrong.   This game brings everything you want into a shooter/action/rpg/rouge-like. First, you have temporary character progression. None of the upgrades are useless,so using your levels wisely is key. Then you have many characters to play with, more coming soon. Each character has its own unique abilities and certain mutations (levelup upgrades). Then you have the constant action of always being in a gunfight or running around finding loot. ALL and all, with more characters and upgrades coming out. 9.5/10. I definately recommend this game."
76561198072037128,Recommended,242680,10432714,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Press B to Blow,I think this game is amazing and i can't want for more charaters
,Recommended,242680,10483449,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,DoctorGlocktor,My chicken came back to life when it killed a gaint scorpion with a katana.
,Recommended,242680,10487025,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,MrFail²,"Fun and VERY polished for an Early Access game. It also receives updates quite frequently, getting new content with each update."
76561197971069215,Recommended,242680,10195040,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,To Boldly Go,"Nuclear Throne is a great pick-me-up game:  A game for when you have 20 or 30 minutes' free time before you go to bed, or go to work.  I was hooked from the first 10 seconds of gameplay with the kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack that is a mixture of old-school Western and heavy metal music.  Definitely worth your money if you like fast-paced action."
,Recommended,242680,10195992,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,The Tim Allen Grunt,Nuclear Throne is cool and good. If you like crazy sound effects and arcadey shooting/bullet hell then you will probably like this. It has mutants which is always a plus
,Recommended,242680,10397061,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Kabuu,One of the only early access games I've had for more than half a year that still gets continuous meaningful content updates. Worth the $13 if the idea of an FPS/roguelike even remotely appeals to you.
76561197991667132,Recommended,242680,10589564,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bbb,This is the video game equivalent of a 'very potent chemical stimulant'.  Use with caution.
,Recommended,242680,10619850,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Telomeres,It's pretty great. No Shens.
76561198026536600,Recommended,242680,10613546,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,hrothgar,A perfect warm-up for your nerves and and reflexes. Worth your time and money.
,Recommended,242680,10614742,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Joksmar,"First Wasteland Kings left me fascinating, and now Nuclear Throne is perferction. If you want to play ""a demo"", download it fromVlambeer.compage. 100% Recomended for arcade players. Music, graphics and gameplay is awesome."
,Recommended,242680,10225295,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,planckpixels,"Vlambeer just seem to know, yu know. Pixel art is ridiculous... Buy it"
76561197982070035,Recommended,242680,10213572,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Sandy_The_Chain_Smoker,If you even remotely enjoyed The Binding of Isaac you will enjoy Nuclear Throne. It is rare that an early access game is worth getting but if this is all the game had to offer the price would be well worth it.
76561198019863179,Recommended,242680,10215028,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Dusk225,"I have loved every second of Nuclear Throne, and I don't think that's going to change. I love the fast-paced gameplay, amount of weapons, and the absurd amount of enemy fire that can fill the screen. I have nothing but love and respect for this game, and I can't wait for future updates. 5/5, I highly recommend it."
76561198000924722,Recommended,242680,10215820,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,SOLVENT SOUND,"Challenging, fun shooter!"
,Recommended,242680,10650854,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NaughtyVibes,This is the greatest game I have ever played. I love it more than life it's self.
,Recommended,242680,10144445,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Karrs,"Makes me rage and gave me ulcers. Would recommend to anyone; 10/10.In all seriousness, this is one of the best (if not the best) Rogue-like (or rogue-""lite"") games i've played since the Binding of Isaac.  Controls are great, levels are randomly generated while following a certain ""area pattern"" (ie: you always begin in the Wastelands, but each version of the Wastelands is different), very challenging, has quite a bit of replayability in terms of making ""runs"" (as most rogue-likes do), and tons of secrets to discover as well.As I write this, this game is only in Early Access and it's still amazing. The developers have utilized this phase of development very effectively and have added (and will continue to add) a bunch of content in frequent updates.  Yes, there are bugs, but one should expect this in ANY Early Access game.  Again, I can't recommend this game enough and can't wait to see the final version hit the shelves!"
,Recommended,242680,7372510,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,๖ۣۜAstrothium,Awesome game
76561198061647731,Recommended,242680,9278512,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,uncledev,"An absolutely stunning, crazy procedurally generated rampage - worth every penny!"
76561198049619487,Recommended,242680,9301181,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ue to the Li,Wonderfully great game... and it's not even finished yet.
76561198006697486,Recommended,242680,9184021,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,john_d_hague,"This is one of those games that every gamer should have in their collection. Day one maybe you won't spend 14 hours playing it but thats not what it is about.10 minutes until a friend gets online? Shotgun robot5 minutes before bed? Ninja chicken killingTime and time again you will come back for a quick hit. Every time you don't know what to play or are bored this is where you will turn, filling that inbetween time void other games ignore.Even if you suck like me and get barely anywhere it doesnt matter. Its purely about solid air tight mechanics and good quick game play hit."
,Recommended,242680,9239927,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Blinda Bengtzing,"Roguelike type game with true potential. As of now this game is awesome although it's in early access. With charming pixelart graphics done right and gameplay which reminds me of Binding of Isaac and the likes. There are around 10 classes that all give the game diversity and different play styles. I am looking forward to playing this game when it's done, but I'm sure as hell gonna play it everyday untill then!"
,Recommended,242680,11139528,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,thatothermitch,"A very enjoyable top-down shooter. The use of levels adds a nice sense of achievement, and provides a much need break from the frenetic spray of submachinegun fire, explosions and drifting clouds of misted monster. Inventory & character persistence weaves levels together nicely; you'll find yourself scrounging for ammo or using less than ideal weaponry to save up for hard spots in coming levels. Characters & their abilities are sufficiently varied to contribute to the experience. Procedural elements are used well in that maps & loot are generated, but enemies, bosses, etc are not.  I haven't tried local co-op, but this sounds like a great feature."
76561198066873189,Recommended,242680,11006548,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lord Cirrhosis of Liver,"I like it, it is fast paced top down shooter with great weapons and a variety of characters, all with very different abilities and advantages."
,Recommended,242680,11093550,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Logic,"Amazing devs, amazing game. I believe the 430 reviews positive reviews and ZERO negative reviews (at the time I am writing this) speaks for itself."
,Recommended,242680,10642735,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ax0z,"A great proceduraly generated top down roguelike shooter, very fun but super hard"
,Recommended,242680,10693699,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hokus porkus,Fantastic top-down run'n'gun action. Easily a fave already.
76561198098788068,Recommended,242680,10736459,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,jermainejackson122,Fun as hell and never gets old. Easy to pick up and play for casual and hardcore gamers.
,Recommended,242680,10741790,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NOPper,"WAAAAAY better then expected. Simple, fast, and fun as hell. The music kicks♥♥♥♥♥ crank it up. Characters are awesome, guns are fun."
76561198132816356,Recommended,242680,11171462,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Yawn BSA,"Nuclear Throne is among the best rouge-likes I have played, even in it's early access state. I love the soundtrack, it really helps to complete the post-apocalyptic theme. In fact, all of the little touches such as the characters just hanging out by the camp-fire on the selection screen contribute to the game and its amazing atmosphere. The actual game-play itself is very satisfing. The mutations mechanic, although not original, is very cool and lends to the feeling of surviving on your own and forging a path through the wasteland. It also leaves some nice room for implementing how you want to play. Definitely a good game so far, and I reccomend it to anyone who likes rouge-likes or shooters."
76561198054545805,Recommended,242680,10955718,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DaddyGrim,"Weird little game, but addicting as hell, and very difficult even by Roguelike standards. Slightly annoying stage generation at times, otherwise I really like the character selection at the beginning of every level and there's never a run I don't enjoy."
76561197994078950,Recommended,242680,10963540,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Koldenblue,"This game is still in early access and as of this review, the devs say it's about 50% complete. It's basically a top-down, two-stick shooter. The game is great fun, and there's a ton of weapon variety and character variety that make it very replayable. Level layouts are randomized every time. The sound design is fairly good, and each weapon has its own ""kick"" in the form of screen shake, which makes them feel powerful, effective, and unique. The game is also incredibly difficult to complete, but this adds to the replayability. Definitely recommended, especially considering that the devs regularly publish updates."
,Recommended,242680,10967199,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,a crate of bees,"One of the most potential-filled, refreshing games I've ever played, especially considering its scale. The story is subtle, so it doesn't come into play much, but the gameplay is fluid and the procedural generation has very few flaws for a game still in development. A huge props to the team for putting this together! I can't wait for the full release."
,Recommended,242680,10974788,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Madosuki,"Freakin love this. I remember wishing it had more to it when I got it in the mojam bundle back before they decided to make it a full game. Great example of how to make a rougelike fun and adictive. Each charecter has their own nuances they add to the playstyle. My personal favorites being Chicken and Fish. Not food that is. Though I do like Fish... Anyway buy this, exspecially if it's on sale!"
01011010101110101,Recommended,242680,11241094,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Gamma.CM,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant; every single human on earth needs to play it. Yes, that includes you."
,Recommended,242680,11242567,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,CarlCX,"the fish fired his assault rifle at the exploding buffalo carcass until scorpions came out of itthe anthropormorphic pyramid ducked nimbly out of the way of the gunfire coming from the eleven-foot desert mummythe square tin robot, unable to weather the assault of the sewer rats on his own, ate his own assault rifle and became thrice as powerfulnuclear throne: a game about love."
,Recommended,242680,11340506,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Boston ✓,"An amazingly fun game that will only become more fun the more you play, the longer you play, the better you will be and let me tell you, it will take a lot of playing and fun frustration before you are able to loop. Just be prepared to die."
76561198017895973,Recommended,242680,11343351,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,WillyB3,One of the best action rougelikes i have played. 9.5/10
76561198106129396,Recommended,242680,11267692,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Supreme Ocelot,"Nuclear throne is fantastic, as you have probably heard from all of the people who have played it. The game is quite hard, and it will show you no mercy. I have put in 40+ hours and have only gotten to near end game four times. I have only surpassed the final challenge twice. This was mainly due to the character I was playing as could easily dodge bullets because of his active ability. Each character brings a unique playstyle with them which really spices up the game if you play with your favorite character a little too often. The art in the game is phenominal. There are also a handful of secrets within the game, and if you find them out on your own, it really makes the experience something. Even better, the game is not even done, so there will be content added every week. This could range from guns, textures, characters, and even levels. All in all, this game was definitely worth the purchase, and I advise you do the same."
,Recommended,242680,12085303,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Vikeo,This game makes me feel sad becasue it shows how much anger 1 little red ball of redstuff can bring to a person.1/1Would play way too much.
,Recommended,242680,12086132,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,dongo_,"It's like Binding of Isaac except with more mutated creatures and more guns.Be forewarned when you buy this game, RNG is a huge factor in everything. If the game really wants to kill you or really wants to make you suffer, it will. But that's, to me, what makes the game so much fun to play. Any run could be the run where you beat the throne."
,Recommended,242680,8694998,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Witzbold,"Great little time killer, wish the price was a bit lower though, but still a fast paced shoot em up roguelike. Damned game is nails hard, but addictive.If you got some money to burn highly suggest picking it up."
,Recommended,242680,8698979,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Tasogare Akira,This game is great. It's a super fast-paced shooter that's heavily unforgiving. What more could you want?
,Recommended,242680,8713787,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Kirby,"Such a great game, with a perfect mix of challenging, fast paced, and addictive to make you sink hours into it. A definitely easy reccomendation."
,Recommended,242680,10805831,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pooling3,"Nuclear throne has been an amazing game, i cant wait to see what it will bring in the future!"
76561198077694030,Recommended,242680,11312379,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,creeper_killerj,i really love this game and i recomend it to all players
76561198028717836,Recommended,242680,11485368,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,nis,very fun!
,Recommended,242680,10896706,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EmperorZurg,"Awesome, little shooter"
,Recommended,242680,10915347,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[plibt] fastturtle,Really challenging but really fun at the same time! Lots of different guns and characters makes for a lot of different ways to approach the randomly generated levels.
,Recommended,242680,11350888,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Cosmic Star,Very good entertaining and loads of fun
76561198145266455,Recommended,242680,11330086,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,sniper_eleven,AMAZING
,Recommended,242680,11330096,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Crazy,Story of NT;Y.V. ALL DAY!!!!1!!
76561198119596085,Recommended,242680,10737971,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dunyomite,this game has is a work in progress with bugs and the developers are at hard work to help all players fix these. i also think this game ha amazing potential and is a great download
,Recommended,242680,11387646,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,REDSPY,my history of this game get far die rage play another round 10/10
76561197976684576,Recommended,242680,11391214,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Musclebust,GENIOUS!
76561198043546005,Recommended,242680,19112329,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ecrawford23,"This is what a rouge like is all about, high risk high reward..some time. I seriously can't get enough of this one nuclear throne right now on early access, is addictive. With reward such as: character unlocks, new skins, new starting weapons, sweet mutations, awesome weapons to collect. Hours of fun, well worth the money. Just get it."
76561198079014243,Recommended,242680,19084877,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Assassin Tor,Get Impact Wrist Mutation with Sludge hammer10/10 Pinball Simulator
76561198102778955,Recommended,242680,30624862,Posted: 19 March,all,Robotz,ITS A GOOD♥♥♥♥♥GAME
,Recommended,242680,16950298,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,PunschrOlle,Nuclear throne is an Amazing game with loads of veriety and high replayability. its heavy roguelike and includes loads of  guns! the game is constantly updated with new content and balances. the difficulty scales well with where you are and its never the games fault that you die.10/10 - a solid hit in my eyeswould reccomend to anyone between 9 and 99 years old
76561198118870629,Recommended,242680,19260540,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Oatly,Worth buying!
76561198057029003,Recommended,242680,19223094,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,DeeLaek,Awesome.
76561198081436524,Recommended,242680,19258908,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,cogita,I like it.
,Recommended,242680,19246984,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,pugB,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant, you can replay this all you want, it won't get boring. It's easy to understand, hard to master.At first it'll seem difficult and challanging, but the more I play this the easier it is to be able to get to new levels. My GOTY, whenever it comes out, at least.Great game, lots of replayability, I keep running into projectiles, 11/10."
,Recommended,242680,19139077,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,qualityripped,I will never reach the Nuclear Throne.
,Recommended,242680,13608181,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rain,"This has come a long way from the buggy fun of the Wasteland Kings beta (alpha??) I found last year. Wish I'd bought into this earlier!Jul 31st, 2015Well, the updates keep rolling in, making Nukes better and better. The devs truly listen to and converse with their playerbase politely, much appreciated.If you don't get the gist of the game from the videos above, it's a top-down roguelike shooter with loads of weapons and enemies, and Y.V.Nov 17th, 2015Hokay, the latest update makes this game a must-buy, holy crap. Loadsa balances, quality of life improvements, sound fixins, and on. I didn't think I could like Nuclear Throne more than I already did, but Vlambeer is really showing their stuff in the final polishing before release!"
,Recommended,242680,19151843,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ExtremeBacon,THis is a good game but the newest update broke all visuals.  It now looks as though I have Missing No. all over my screen when just yesterday it was working perfectly. I reccommend the game to anyone who likes a challenge I just honestly wish I could play
76561198138660172,Recommended,242680,19148178,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Guy,It's a cool bullet-hell game. Not much more to it.
76561198103921357,Recommended,242680,19135318,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Old Tamama,can someone help me? I unlocked someone and didnt get awarded for it
,Recommended,242680,19145396,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,gragaband,I still haven't seen the throne. I don't care about Fallout 4.10/10 Good great game on the good game scale.
,Recommended,242680,19154398,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,j.,"Yeah, it's pretty awesome."
,Recommended,242680,19161581,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sodium Chloride Bovine,"With a good handful of guns, Characters, Play styles, Tactics, And complete chaos past 4-1. this is a game that I have played for thousands of runs, Yet I can never beat it. Its a Rougue-like that eventually makes you want to kill it. Its also made by Vlambeer and has a soundtrack that I enjoy. I think the fact that its made by Vlambeer explains why its so hard."
,Recommended,242680,19250100,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Terathiel,THE STRUGGLE CONTINUES
,Recommended,242680,19250314,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Grabbed_by_the_spetsnaz,"Saw this game on a Youtube channel and thought it'd be a nice waste of a couple of hours.Over 140 hours later, I just keep coming back!The game is a top down shooter, where you must progress though a post-apocalyptic world, picking up bigger guns, and shooting any mutants anlong the way, very simple to pick up, very hard to master!What makes this game so addicting is the sheer amount of variations you can get.There are dozens of weapons ranging from your trusty revover, to golden crossbows, to nuke launchers, to blood cannons! The weapons are so varied and abundant that you'll never get boared finding and using them!Characters are also uniqe and special in thier own way, with great personalities to boot! Each one with a unique playstile and ""Ability"" which includes a bullet proof shield, ability to fire two guns at once, to orbital strikes and corpse detonations!That's not all, as you progress though the game you gain ""Mutations"" Which drastically change up your playstyle, suddenly you can smash though walls, send people flying into others for extra damage, and regain bullets for your minigun just by shooting people with it!But that's not even scratching the surface of content! There are B-skins, seceret levels, secret chracters (And super secret characters), acoustic B-themes for every level, secret bosses, crowns which change abilities and so much more I can't say for ruining the suprise! Just when you thought you'd seen it all, Valmbeer throws yet another curveball in to keep things fresh!Not everything is perfect though, levels are randomly generated using a simple algorithm, in which the way it creates the level can be made such a way it's impossible to shoot from safetly, single corrodors which can glitch your characters and more often than not, can place sqawn you in an area which kills you before you even have a chance to react resulting in some very frustrating moments! Fortunatly dying in this game is hardly a punishment, and you're back into the frey within seconds!Last but not all, I brought this game almost the day it's been on early access and it's been one of the best examples of develpers using it to their very best! The game has been completely overhauled several times according to the feedback they've recived, and mechanics have been redone again and again in order to optimize the enjoyment for all. It's one of the few examples of developers actually treating the early access system right and not just using it as a glorified pre-order or a way to grab cash for a game that will never be complete.TL:DR: ♥♥♥♥ing fun, tons of content, honest-to-heart developers, would recommend!"
,Recommended,242680,15601553,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,sovereign incorruptibli,good early access game
,Recommended,242680,19278542,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mongo Man,You can litterally play as the illuminati10/10
,Recommended,242680,21342731,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jade,I mean duh.
76561198073170214,Recommended,242680,21350402,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,AdrianBoy01,"From the Rouge-like themes,fast paced gameplay, and ragefilled restarts. Nuclear thrones is one of the best games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,242680,21387521,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,AWJ,"I've put off recommending this game for some time. It's stealthy release failed to fix some prominant issues with the game at the time, but now those issues have been dealt with thanks to the long awaited update #98, I can finally say, this game is amazing.It's what I'd call a 'get-as-far-as-you-can-athon', with each run teaching you something new about the game and making you reevaluate your choices. Make no mistake this game is tough. Very tough. It demands a lot from you but is equally rewarding. This is one of the few games that I've ever experienced adrenaline rushes when playing.The cast of characters is colourful and unlike any other, the world is interesting, the weapons and the upgrades ('mutations') are all unique enough that no two runs are the same, giving this game a long life span. I'm nearing 500 hours there's still a lot I can claim to have not seen or done.The game also has a great twitch.tv community! If you're interested in the game, definately take a look on twitch.(Side note on more casual players: I had a friend who loved the idea of this game, however she's not as used to the kind of the intensity this game offers, as a result she never got far enough to see most of the game and missed out on a lot of content. She was never even able to unlock the character she really wanted to play as. So take this a word of warning, some players learn faster than others, and some may find they take a long time to 'get the hang of it'. Most would still enjoy their time learning however.)"
,Recommended,242680,21409431,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jadeybee,pretty gud
,Recommended,242680,21359451,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ragnadox,"At first it was too hard, but over time you learn to adjust to the game mechanics and it gets better.I almost stopped playing when it got too hard to unlock things, but even after unlocking the remaining characters through cheats - the game is still fun. That's hard to do, but this game does it. Good work."
,Recommended,242680,21375771,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,JPB,"Buy this game, you won't regret it."
76561198130556799,Recommended,242680,20233116,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Soulsilveruniverse,"Nuclear throne is a fun time consuming,and rage inducing rouge like. In it you must fend off huge hordes of enemys, fight the Po Po, and find out if the throne truley exists.you will be finding out constant character/mutation set-ups that may just get you farther then last time.Nuclear throne is a fun game i would reccomend for almost anyone if not everyone, that said go and play it!"
76561198174179517,Recommended,242680,21377688,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tahlseth,Binding of Isaac had sex with Total Carnage.This is their baby.
76561198103487159,Recommended,242680,21378042,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Beer Mug The Russian Dwarf,This game is probaly the most fun game i played in a while.realy smooth and addicting but i have 1 problom.IT KEEPS CRASHING!!!!!!:-:
76561198049208188,Recommended,242680,21395605,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,❦Senpai-chan©❦,I did not make it to the nuclear throne :(
,Recommended,242680,21396032,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,KrOcifer,The Throne is a lie...
,Recommended,242680,21165337,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Deluxe Memer,I think Eyes has 11 eyes.
,Recommended,242680,21417608,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,☆くそ!☆ (Koutanya),"Press start, lose.Rinse and repeat.Great for replacing frustration."
,Recommended,242680,21465908,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,The Smile,"Do you hate yourself? Do you enjoy smashing your head against a wall? Do you like never sitting on a throne?If you answered yes to any of these then this is the game for you, if you said no, then this is still a game for you."
,Recommended,242680,18032845,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,duck,"This game throws you in it and says ""Alright, theres charaters that you play, charaters you kill, and weapons you kill them with. Got it? Good, NOW GO!"" It shoots you into this world that feels like it is rushing you to just go and fight for your survival! You can't depend on this game for your safety, THIS IS NOW JUST YOU. YOUR SKILL AGAINST THIS WORLD. I love it!"
,Recommended,242680,21489987,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MD7,"I love this stupid game. It's such a♥♥♥♥♥♥head though.Seriously, %$&# this game.Buy it."
76561198044361905,Recommended,242680,21472508,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Lucidly Awake,"Solid game, a great rogue-like bullet hell with original characters, enemies, guns, and powerups.+Ability to loop+Large selection of characters with unique play styles+Crowns provide a nice change of pace+Very responsive+Upgrades can create great combos+Boss battles are satisfying+Great weapon variety-Some weapons are so underpowered and just aren't worth being in the game-Lazer crystal particles need to be more obvious-Level generation isn't the best, you can spawn on top of cars and infront of high tier enemies that oneshot you-Ice levels and final scrapyard level is a disorganised cluster of hazards and enemies-Camera angle can allow enemies to hide behind walls-Some high tier enemies such as the dog guardian have too high hp and damage output"
,Recommended,242680,21613528,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Soggy,10/10 would get killed by my own disc gun again
,Recommended,242680,21613993,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Pol,"07 hrs - Top 3-110 hrs - Top 4-215 hrs - Top 5-1Keep playing..One of my goals this year is reach the throne..Isaac + risk of rain + dungeon souls.... awsome , rude , roguelike game9/10"
,Recommended,242680,30445621,Posted: 11 March,all,zerf,"One more Vlambeer game, one more disc gun. ♥♥♥♥in' disc gun."
76561198041765629,Recommended,242680,17774511,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ignotv,"This roguelike like is great, its brutal! The beautifull thing is that it needs practice and alot of practice to make progress.The game has alot of variety, a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of weapons, nice characters with their own powers. An xp based lvling system, with each level up you can pick a mutation that will make your character better, stronger, faster. If you like to scream at your screen, punch your keyboard, pull the hair out of your head, at the end of this all youll see your making progress and its really satisfying.Totally recommend this game!"
,Recommended,242680,17774586,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,hesuruio,"Wonderfully frustrating!It's that type of game where you know you can only blame yourself for being bad.Mechanics work flawlessly.There is currently a weird bug where sometimes if I press multiple buttons at the same time and try and click the mouse it does an ""alt + tab"" and when you return for a second it's like one of your keys is still pressed down until you unpress it.Given that it is in early access it has a huge amount of content and I expect them to fix most of the bugs by release time.Highly recommended!"
76561198075282807,Recommended,242680,15958293,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,supersmily5,"So after hours more, many updates later, my old review of this game was VERY outdated.  They've changed alot, fixing many but not all of the problems I've had with the game prior.  There is a better menu now, although still unfinished it is a great step up; also, an in-game menu now exists whereas one hadn't before, you wouldn't believe how helpful that can be.  ""You don't know how much you'll miss something until it's gone.""  However, besides a few balancing issues fixed, they haven't made the game any easier, in fact, some of these ""fixes"" resulted in a HARDER game experience.  However, they are still working on the game so there should still be hope for the game.  The problem lies in the FACT that they aren't looking into the difficulty issue.  Through the wiki I found someone in contact with the devs of the game who confirmed that they won't even look into the issue, and it IS and issue.  It doesn't matter how great your game is if players can't get past the first few levels consistently.  Feel free to quote this, you present a challenge to your player with the INTENT THAT THEY CAN AND WILL OVERCOME IT.  You are NOT out to defeat your players, you are meant to be beaten by them.  Without a mode built in to make the game easier, a real control over the difficulty of the game, players will NOT enjoy it if they are unskilled.  It is worth noting that even I have beaten the game twice.  Both times, by luckily finding some of the most powerful weapons in the late pre-looping game early.  Both times, this was with characters Crystal (Who has a insta-shield, and therefore is the only one who can block projectiles) and Steroids (Who is yolked and can use both weapons at once, therefore is more powerful than any other character offensively), but these two wins were lucky at best, and I do not feel as though they properly reflect my skill in the game, AND THAT IS THE WORST PART OF THIS GAME.  If you are not consistently winning against the final pre-loop boss, then every win feels like it was undeserved, like you only got lucky or did something you wouldn''t normally do.  It is because of this and only this that until and unless they FIX THIS SOMEHOW, I cannot recommend this game to normal players anymore.  It doesn't FEEL fun or satisfying, it just feels like work."
76561198187431931,Recommended,242680,17510788,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,russy.p,SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOD
,Recommended,242680,17513016,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,epmode,This game.  THIS GAME.  You should buy it.  Fish can roll.
,Recommended,242680,17858133,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sefa,"Pretty sexy and amazing game, must buy even if you don't want to. Amazing to see the game get more and more beautiful and refined as time goes on.200% screenshakeGG"
76561198069936487,Recommended,242680,17916017,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,/SolidSnack\,"one of my fav's in steam to much fun, I recommend this game for any one who loves hard bullet-hell games."
,Recommended,242680,17907538,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,TEA,10/10
,Recommended,242680,17511341,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,TimbleThimble,Addiciting.
76561198174166165,Recommended,242680,17916929,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Samus Aran's Booty,Is an amazing game. Can play it again and again and never get bored. 10/10
76561198075326263,Recommended,242680,17924502,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,QuantumJolt,"I hit the 50 hour mark so i kinda have to write a reveiw. Let me just start out by saying that this game is not for short tempered or impatient people. This game will beat you senseless only to help you back up and give you a band aid. Nuclear Throne is honestly one of the best games ive ever played. Its a retro pixel art, fast paced, rouge-like game thatll break even the most hardcore gamer's spirit. Now let me get this out of the way Nuclear Throne IS NOT a game that intentionally makes you wanna rage its actually a very well balanced and fair experiance.Nuclear Throne has you picking from 2 mutants from the very start, more can be unlocked by reaching certain stages or doing special actions and each mutant has its own unique passive and active ranging from being able to perform a dodge roll to shooting out a beam of radiation. Speaking of radiation every time you kill an enemy they will drop rads when picked up these will fill a bar at the top of the screen when filled  you will level up, this allows you to pick a mutation at the end of the level mutations are vital to your success they do things like raise your max health or increase pickup drop chance or even upgrade your active abillity or specific weapon types. When you reach level 10 aka your ultra level you can pick one of 2 ultra mutations specific to your mutant thatll which will greatly upgrade your active or passive or even add another extremely powerful passive.The game has you fighting thru multiple stages collecting rads and weaponry thatll help you reach and defeat the Nuclear Throne. Now let me just say this game has an abundance of weapons to choose from. From triple machine guns to plasma cannons or even lightning hammers this game has no shortage of ways to cut down your foes. your gonna need those guns to if your gonna deal with some of the enemys in this game. Enemys come in a vareity of colors shapes and sizes. Theres one thing that Vlambeer does extremely well and thats making things feel really good. every gun you shoot feels so nice and every hit sound is so satisfying. There is nothing better then the noise you hear when you smack a cop with a shovel. This game is an excellent example of how to make good ""game feel"".Everything has weight and the game and the feedback the game gives you is so nice and meaty. but of course lets get this back on trackNow this game isnt gonna just let you get to the Throne, no, its gonna make you work for it. youll be fighting thru hoardes of bandits, rats, robot snow gorrilas and dogs made of pure radiation. But all of those are small potatoes compared to the bosses in this game. Now let me just say that this game does bosses really well. each boss has its own attacks and patterns you have to learn and know how to counter. even after youve done that its still gonna be a bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to get past some of them. but when you do its very rewarding and satisfying.Now the last aspect of this game id like to address is the soundtrack. this game has and amazing one. right from the start the music really sets the pace for the game and is just all aroud the perfect theme to kick butt to. from the desert to the labs this game has a soundtrack that really holds its own. It has its own unique theme but at time has a bit of a hotline miami/ payday vibe to it and just really keeps you in sync to whats going onIn the end my hats of to JW Rami and all the other wonderful people who helped shaped this game into what it is today it may still be in early access but the games nearly finished and i think it should be this winter so defenietly get this game now or when it releases. But if your waiting for it to go on sale, it wont until its officially released. Only downside is that its still has some annoying kinks in it that need to be fixed but im sure theyll be fixed by the time im done writing this reveiw 9.5/10""Guns with six sense"""
,Recommended,242680,17942830,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Terry Meme,"A very well made Rouge-Like game, Nuclear Throne even though It it still in it's early stages is very complete in my opinion.   The characters are very well designed and not two characters really feel the same. The weapons in game (Explosive, Bolt, Bullet, Shell, and Energy) all feel very powerful in their own right. The transition from level to level feels very smooth starting in the desert and moving into the sewers the rest you need to find out.The game is updated usually every other Monday or so adding many features. However it's still in early development, its not perfect. There are small bugs or balancing issues.Some bugs aren't noticeable like Rads aren't collected if close to a wall or enemies spawning inside walls.however the game is very difficult, People say that the game will kick the heck outta you for the first month or so. There are many secrets to find in the game. I recomend this game completely9.5 / 10Like I said small bugs here and there but overall an amazing game thats worth getting!"
76561198037228623,Recommended,242680,17954882,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Wellformed Goat Penis,badass
,Recommended,242680,17932393,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Weste,"Amazing GameJust AmazingIt challenges you in every way possible and kicks your teeth out, but you dont stop. This game makes you wanna play over and over and over...10/10"
76561198074240623,Recommended,242680,18087774,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dick Mcrogers,A wonderful adventure of guns and violenceDays upon days of fun10/10 - sick game blad
,Recommended,242680,18075744,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,SePPiE,"This game is compared with the binding of isaac a lot... But that's not a bad thing.It recreates the same difficulty allthough be it with more mayhem on the screen at once.I prefer the slightly more chaos that Nuclear Throne brings compared to Binding of Isaac, but Binding of Isaac has more naritive and purpose (but that may still come, since it is early access).Character diversity is broad and the mutations to pick from at level ups is just like playing slots at the casino, you just hope that the ones you like will show up. I do hope more mutations will come. It's a good amount, but there is more to think of and the mutations is where this game shines.."
,Recommended,242680,18065930,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Grrimnir,"Infinitely replayable, this is a go-to when I need to blow crap up.  Wholeheartedly recommend this game if you like a little bullet hell.  Crystal is my favorite."
76561198090921381,Recommended,242680,18019802,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,boomboy467,"This game is great.  Each character has there own flavor from the gun god YV who can shoot faster and fire one gun twice at once, to melting, a creature that will be killed by most things in one shot but levels faster and can explode the corpses of his enemies.There are a large amount of weapons under six categories with their own flare.Many secrets are dotted all over the game that will make you want to find them.The game-play never gets stale and with weekly updates the game just keeps getting better, it is one of the best examples of early early access done right.  if you can you should pick up this game, you will not regret it."
76561198068247755,Recommended,242680,18061028,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Xibir,"Finaly beat the game after 18h of dying miserably. Died at Loop 1 (when you beat the game you start ""looping"") immediately cuz I had 0 ammo left. Still not finished with this game since there is more to come and the Devs update very often currently (Sep. 2015).Pros:- Nice humor- Lots of different wepon archtypes with several variations each- Lots of different characters to play with unique abilitys and passivs- Lots of different enemy types with unique attack patterns and abilitys- Makes you play again and again even after hundreds of deaths- Has still alot of potential for the Devs (in theory, not sure what they will make of it :P)Cons:- Some character abilitys useless in my opinion (srsly, weapon throw??? Give Chicken something usefull pls, same goes for Horror, attacking with your EXP is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t)- the randomness of the game creates alot of very unfair levels (some with no cover or you get thrown into the middle of a horde of enemys instakilling you with no way of escape)- Lots of randomness of the game overall (how much EXP is in each lvl, which weapons you get, etc.) destroys alot of the skill-based gameplay by luck based levelgeneration.Overall would recommend if you have the ability to stay calm even when a game seems to hate you (if you can't play Dark Souls or similar games without smashing your gamepad/keyboard against the wall, don't even bother trying this game)When you feel the rage building up inside of you, just hit ""quit"" and try again later, works every time for me. You need to stay calm and concentrated to play a bullethell games.When you think you will never reach the Nuclear Throne, I thought so too but I just did, so it is possible indeed. just try to find ""your"" character and weapon/skill combination and you will reach the NT eventually."
,Recommended,242680,18059593,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,&,really good game really addicting 10/10
,Recommended,242680,18207663,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,His Dudeness,"Nuclear Throne is a lot like the Binding of Isaac or Zelda, but with guns, ammunition, and HP instead of items, bombs, keys, etc. It's also pretty easy to pick up and all of the characters require some sort of cognitive thought to use to their full potential. For example, Robot can break down guns into ammunition and HP, so there's a huge incentive to find every weapon case and break down any guns that you aren't going to use. Or crystal who starts with more HP and can block enemy shots for a short time. There's several different floor types, and every other architecture has a boss fight on it.As for cons to the game, I don't really have any. It has a lot of replay ability because it's RNG. I haven't invested enough time to find anything that really angers me how it works, but some of the bosses, especially first and second boss, are super easy and seem to only be a spam Mouse 1 until they're dead kind of fight, and perhaps tweaking a couple of the weapons to balance it out, because I can say I never find a reason to pick up the Disc Gun or the Flare Gun."
,Recommended,242680,18209128,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,IV,"addicting as hellenraging as hellfun as hellplease get this game, even has co-op now"
,Recommended,242680,18153545,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,TheTanMan225,"absolutely amazing. a few bugs here and there as expected for an early access game, but this game gets plenty of attention from its developers."
,Recommended,242680,18176390,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lazarus,"It's really freaking fun.The game worlds are linear but everything else is pretty much randomly generated (kind of like binding of isaac).Lots of different characters, each with different abilities. When you level up, you get to pick from a set of randomized perks.It's also really hard, hectic, and unforgiving.Definitely grab it when it's on a heavy sale for sure. Maybe even a light one if you're looking for a game to play right now."
76561198018390149,Recommended,242680,18115847,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Stoic,A game I bought to try to shift my Binding Of Isaac addiction. Considering I spent full price (€14ish) and have 50+ hours in I'd definitely recommend it as an Isaac cure. Has the same feel too where Nothing is explained too you and Everything kills you. Enjoy :-)
,Recommended,242680,18119557,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,913,Very fun ! A lot of weapons that are so cool.
,Recommended,242680,18121438,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,McWatt,
,Recommended,242680,18129960,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Tohkkka.,"The art style is amazing, the engine is amazing & its a good challange. I rate it 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242680,18130015,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,SemTex,"You shall definitely play it ...Great OST, Great Gameplay, Fast, Brutal#veyfyvenus"
76561198038945870,Recommended,242680,18131673,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,doom999,"So I have 12 hp, cursed pop gun, boss and 4 scorpions on the screen...Great game!"
76561198072957978,Recommended,242680,18139796,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Not Z,"This is not for the faint of heart, and sometimes you get cheated, but when you get the perfect run and feel your skill and confidance build it is satisfying."
76561198048491800,Recommended,242680,18146886,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,mspryakhin,One of best early access games which I played so far. Developers release new update every week and it really feels like you've got cool DLC each week with new content or nice balancing changes.And game itself is great. Highly addictive and uber intense.
76561198117703796,Recommended,242680,18155614,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Cum Quack,very fun and addicting game
,Recommended,242680,18162451,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,bilkulp,"I have a hard time not playing Nuclear Throne. I record it a few times a week for my YouTube channel, but most of the time when I'm playing, it's just for me. I sit down, I load up the game while waiting for something else to happen, I play... I mutter... I curse... I play again... I rage quit... I play again. I don't know if I'll ever stop playing this game. I'm still pretty bad at it, but somehow that hasn't stopped me from sinking a couple hundred hours into it..."
76561198112941389,Recommended,242680,18162733,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bop-Louie,"Buying Nuclear Throne was a mistake.........an addictive, time-consuming, fun, adrenaline rush of a mistake......and I love it."
,Recommended,242680,18150980,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,TheEndCreep,"I love Nuclear Throne. This game is awesome in every aspect of it. For me, it never gets boring actually. If you like Binding of Isaac you'll love this game. It is a very fast paced, top down, kind of roguelike action shooter. The game is pretty difficult (example me, 62 hrs played, never even looped the game) but it is still quite fun.There's also a wide variety of awesome characters to play (my personal favourite is chicken), which all have their own special active and passive abilities, theres practically a character for every playstyle.Side Note: The Art of this game is just simply amazing.So, final words...Buy. Nuclear. Throne.Fish can Roll"
,Recommended,242680,18092677,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Gang,Reached nuclear throne in 4 hrs
,Recommended,242680,18227010,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,AntiCommie,I had to write this review because I had never felt the experince of duel flamethrowers in the labs as stariods before.
76561198169085256,Recommended,242680,18154685,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Rainagade,The game likes to reset my progress. Most of the time when I attempt to obtain all the golden guns. Or shooting for a new record for looping. Though I don't really car because the game is awsome. It's all the crazyness in a post-apocolyptic game and guns packed into one tiny rougelike game. For 14 dollars only. This game is worth your time.
76561198105473110,Recommended,242680,18242734,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Kurelia,Best game
,Recommended,242680,19508834,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Smops,"A really great game, buy it and enjoy for hours"
76561198117146064,Recommended,242680,17135756,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Code,"Dang GoodEdit: The game has been released, still dang good."
76561198055665962,Recommended,242680,19513548,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Barry The Chopper,"This game is one of my favorite games of all time. I picked it up about two and a half years ago, and i've loved it ever since. Vlambeer have outdone themselves this time.The art is beautiful, the gameplay is SO satisfying, and the music is some of the best i've heard in a long time. The only thing keeping me from putting in 10 times as many hours, is the sharp difficulty.10/10, would get shot by a robot sniper through a giant, missle shooting dog again."
76561198106131030,Recommended,242680,12475813,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Sigma Core,"it's awsome,so much fun,i love this game.live forever chicken"
76561198038957511,Recommended,242680,19513755,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Shalashaska,POP POP
76561198065457453,Recommended,242680,19513867,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Indochina,"Extremely addictive, fast pace and hardcore shooter game. Takes time to master but is very satisfying and enjoyable when finally getting it.This is definitely one of those indie game you don't want to miss if you like very challenging but very fun rogue-like games."
,Recommended,242680,19514289,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Echo Nine,"I played this game all through early access. It was updated very frequently with the devs streaming while they work. The team is super active with the community and listened to it carefully for each update.Aside from the community and the dev team being awesome, the game itself is.... REALLY good.This game is super hard and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me over and over. But once I looped (you can finish the game or choose to play through the levels again but its 5 times harder, this is called looping) I felt amazing. Then I got stomped into the ground pretty quickly. That being said you can learn all enemies patterns pretty easily after a few runs, its no the enemies themselves that makes it hard, its the combination of them.You can unlock characters via progressing through the levels or doing special things during your run(I wont spoil them). All characters feel unique and interesting and you usually always have a different feeling run with each character.I haven't even begun to explain all the other content thats in this game like different tiers of gunes, mutations, hidden levels, abilities, ect. This game has some in depth strategys with tier lists for guns and mutations if you're in to that in your rogue-like games, but at the same time you can completely ignore it and just have a blast by picking up guns that sound cool and mutations that look fun.This game is awesone and always makes me say ""just one more run I swear"". Well worth the money."
76561198104641213,Recommended,242680,19512029,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Whimsark,I thought it was pretty good.Pretty good.......Save yourself...Don't press BDon't press BDon't press B
76561198047123592,Recommended,242680,19511616,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,CrazyTrex,Great game. Was great when I bought it in early access now that it is feature complete I can highly recommend it.
76561198226763584,Recommended,242680,19512865,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,stephan10sd,"Bought it, played it, haven't stopped since"
,Recommended,242680,19512968,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BOONK GANG hellcase.com  plz no,Good one
,Recommended,242680,19512978,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ao'tom,Amazingly hard to master. Insanely fun and frustrating to get a hang off. I would'nt want it any other way.
76561198014471835,Recommended,242680,19527732,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Baines,"A few annoying bugs because it's a new release, like the keyboard control bindings have some problems. But once that was sorted out, it was super fun. And fun is all that really matters."
,Recommended,242680,19527860,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Thanks Internet,"This game hates you in the best way. Doing good is so, so hard, but god damn it feels good."
76561198076292707,Recommended,242680,19528121,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Meme,This game's real good. Purchase it.
,Recommended,242680,19528789,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sypher,"""10/10 Everything can explode""-Michael Bay"
,Recommended,242680,19719651,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,dezukan,flaisum
,Recommended,242680,19723377,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Super Rhubarb Pie,best way to lower my grades
76561198014467096,Recommended,242680,19723962,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kachinsky,10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and play again
76561198001841989,Recommended,242680,19724891,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Rudy can't fail,Amazing!
,Recommended,242680,17315422,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Lucifer,Fun
,Recommended,242680,17353941,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,garbage,b is the best button
76561198059380990,Recommended,242680,17367545,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Somedudeperson,is gud
,Recommended,242680,17369630,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bungison,real good that game
76561198126747176,Recommended,242680,17378003,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,chada,"Devs have really made a gem here. I don't think enough has been remarked upon the quality of the AI in the game. More than any other thumbstick shooter I have ever played, the AI maintains this amazing balance of irratic and predictable. The game is enormously replayable. Buy it if you like good humor, good mechanics, and a good challenge."
76561198075756538,Recommended,242680,18903736,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,aslacher,One of the best games I've played. its extreamly fun and a new turn on rouge like. for the good no dought.
,Recommended,242680,18890955,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Mr. Flip,"Ye, Games fun.Solid play."
,Recommended,242680,18900805,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,GH God Ima girl pm me ur tits,"This game is amazingly fun, and the coop mode (which in some versions I realize it's still broken) makes it 10x better. It's fast-paced and different every time you play it, making it feel like a new game every time. Of course being a Rogue-like game it might not be everyone's cup of tea, but even so it's worth trying and failing."
,Recommended,242680,15874614,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sore,The dev's on this top-down shooter really just keep on adding to this already fantastic game!
,Recommended,242680,18870070,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,desertblue,"Addicting and incredibly chaotic, this game will promise equal highs of frustration and fun.  Killing hordes and hordes of enemies is remarkably satisfying, and the many different mutations, guns, and characters guarantee high replayability.  As many of the reviews have already pointed out, the game is extremely difficult, which may be a con for many people.  Many, many hours have to be put into the game before you can reach the true meat and bone of nuclear throne known as Looping.  This is where all the frustration and fun reaches a max, as you can clear hundreds and hundreds of enemies with a build of skills and guns you created (knowingly or unknowingly).  Though this is a bullet hell game, there will many scenarios in which dodging is not a possibility due to the enemy detection range and their projectile pattern. This, in addition to some rng spawns/bugs, make it extremely difficult to even progress through some levels properly.  However, the devs are still polishing/finishing the game, even and after an incredible 95 updates, it is very much believable they will sort this."
,Recommended,242680,18868725,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Reldio,"Nuclear Throne is a roguelite done right. It's also a game with zero fluff, you can go from clicking start to being in game within seconds, which is a rare thing in modern gaming.Sound: Very fitting music and solid sound effects, along with neat voice clips for certain enemies and each player character. Can't fault it really, 8/10Graphics: Nuclear Throne has pretty good pixel art, though the effects for the many types of weapon are much more impressive. Stages look average. 7/10Gameplay: Tight and fun shooting with moderate RNG. Certain bosses become borderline impossible if your stage generates awkwardly, which can cause frustration. 8/10, could be 9 after more patches.Replayability: Absolutely great, many characters to unlock each with a unique ability, tons of guns to keep the shooting varied, NG+ mechanic including new bosses, skins, crowns and golden guns to unlock. 10/10Story is almost nonexistent, but it hardly matters in a game like this. Overall verdict is an 8/10, highly reccomended roguelite."
76561198172318055,Recommended,242680,18886483,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Whole Wheat Warrior,A great game with fun mechanics and endless replayablilty.10/10
,Recommended,242680,18866049,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,vega,10/10 makes the iron throne look like the throne of kittens and puppies.
,Recommended,242680,18864970,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Lost Garland 517,This is just like Touhou.
,Recommended,242680,18815891,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Katheb,Fun and Well made.I recommend it.
76561198043668424,Recommended,242680,18815907,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,eKonomy,It's almost as fun as FTL
76561198062415184,Recommended,242680,18813164,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,mercuryminded,♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT. I've only ever seen the boss once. ONCE. And I died instantly. 11/10
,Recommended,242680,18945097,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Nosstea.tv,All my friends are good at this game. I am not.
,Recommended,242680,30368958,Posted: 7 March,all,sunny,"An amazing and difficult little game. If you like twin stick shooters or 'roguelites', or enjoy difficult games or speedrunning, this game is well worth the money. Super replayable, and manages to have charming characters even without much in-game depth to them.P.S. - The dev team for this game is awesome and they deserve your love. Great example of how game development should be done."
76561198009391207,Recommended,242680,18965449,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Zer0,"This is one of my favorite games. Brutally hard, but makes it way more rewarding when you get farther than you ever have before.Just remember, the throne definitely exists."
,Recommended,242680,19799628,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Zizi Thrush,"not normally a fan of top down arcade shooters, or very many roguelikes but this one is done very well. Also the art is fantastic so that helps"
76561198096021772,Recommended,242680,19772366,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mage_da_magix,Nuclear throne is a GREAT rouge-like bullet-hell game. I spend alot of my free time on it. Nuclear throne helps me when i am sad (cause i have no friends irl) Nuclear throne is  real difficult and it takes a while to get good. 8.5/10
76561198168507122,Recommended,242680,19771758,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,datboi,A fast paced and action packed game. Amazing music. Warning: Prepare to die a lot!
76561198021443998,Recommended,242680,19763153,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Jim,"This is a nice, casual game that I've enjoyed a little."
,Recommended,242680,19786391,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Papa Gurgle,I won.It's a good game now.
,Recommended,242680,19802126,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,{[F.H]} Hydroida,"So after playing this game for about an hour and a half, I really struggle to find anything negative to say. The game is a birds eye run and gun bullet hell type of shooter with roguelike elements including permadeath, leveling, and randomly generated areas. Now the graphics here are simple, and the music may become a bit repetitive after dying a bunch, but wholistically the audiovisual presentation is fantastic. Everything has punch and pizzaz. While the character designs I've seen so far arent really anything unusual, besides maybe the crystal golem character, they all have a lot of charm. The gameplay is fast, energetic, and challenging. There is no wasted time between the action either. The longest downtime youll see is when you mull over switching a weapon or which perk to take when you level up. When you kill the final enemy in an area, you get sucked directly into the next level, no meandering about. Bosses show up a little unexpectedly and depending on the number of supporting enemies around can be quite the death knell. Weapons are spaced fairly evenly and ammo and health arent exceedingly common. These and experience can be picked up with a fair amount of magnetism, but what is really clever about all these (besides the weapons) is that they disappear in only a few seconds, which encourages you to move into areas where you risk taking damage. Vlambeer doesnt want you to be too cool and calculated. The game can be a bit ambiguous with the perk descriptions, and you have no real way of knowing how a weapon compares to what you already have without trying it out. For the energy weapons particularily, I had no idea what to expect. You can only carry two, so you have to choose carefully. Whether these things are positive or negative is up to your perspective, this sort of try it and see what you get attitude is common to roguelikes. Ultimately I found the game to be extremely fun and well worth its farily low price point."
,Recommended,242680,19810661,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,booyaa,"Excellent game, always loved games that use mouse/trackball to aim/shoot and wasd to move. Very morish, will make you want to have another go.  Nice range of weapons. Procedurally generated levels are reasonably fair."
,Recommended,242680,19809798,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Konag,Fast pace and hard hitting. Addictive as hell.
76561198075338684,Recommended,242680,19809113,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,aggregat4,"Fantastic, frenetic, absorbing roguelike top-down shooter that draws you in and makes you hit retry after every shortlived attempt to reach the Nuclear Throne. Not normally a roguelike fan, but this has enough shooting, pacing, upgrades, guns and great music to keep me mesmerized.+1 would nuke again."
,Recommended,242680,19807481,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,quietqwerty,Amazing game. Everyone should play it.
,Recommended,242680,18325861,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,FeelsTrashMan,K.
,Recommended,242680,19560138,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,illideo,"Hands down a really nice indie game, its good if u don't have internet connection or just wanna chill and relax after a days' work. The game is pretty simple but simplicity is complexity :D"
,Recommended,242680,19560642,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Smeghead,"You can roll, you can Pop pop, you can harden.69/10"
,Recommended,242680,19559164,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ouija,If you hate yourself you'll love this game 10/10 would break keyboard again.
76561198101324342,Recommended,242680,19298310,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Thewaterplayer,"MUTANTS, GUNS, MUTATIONS AND DEATH IN EVERY CORNER WHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK AND IT OUT YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH"
,Recommended,242680,18343088,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Puzz,"i cant express how much i love this game,just go and buy trust me just buy GO NOW BUY IT NOWPLEASE JUST GO"
76561198124634798,Recommended,242680,19555478,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,jakesteel,Pretty enjoyable rougelite. Just wish i wasnt so bad at it ~.~
76561198036156108,Recommended,242680,19570019,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,horkid,"Game stucks at ""do not turn off nuclear throne"" screen after 96 update. Is there a way to fix this?"
,Recommended,242680,19573904,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sleepy Nipple,12 Minutes in... Why didn't I buy this game earlier.
,Recommended,242680,19573307,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,r a s m u s,"Classic arcade design with the fat screenshake and giant bullet epicness we've come to expect from Jan Willem Nijman. This game is HARD in the best way possible. Playing this reminds me of the hours I sunk into the original Raiden, trying to reach higher and higher scores.Pros :- Looks great- Sounds great- Plays great- Challenging- ReplayableCons :- ???"
76561198132375258,Recommended,242680,18478439,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,bad@GG,"you don't sit on the throne, the throne sits on you"
,Recommended,242680,18527178,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,macaroni mom,"Support this incredible company. This game will not disappoint. No BS. Just good, old fashion fun here bub."
,Recommended,242680,18531275,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Riiflesandroses,"Nuclear Throne is a game that's if Hotline Miami, the Binding of Isaac, and Borderlands had a giant orgy. The gameplay is brutal and after a couple runs you might find yourself seething with rage, but still trying to reach the Nuclear Throne, still trying to beat your high score.If you're looking for a game with near infinite replayability, pick up this game"
,Recommended,242680,11385184,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Lomp Allah,lol yea'
,Recommended,242680,18501311,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Abrupt Comedy,"This game will make you laugh. It will make you cry. It will make you rage. However, if you're strong enough to brave the ravaged path ridden with challenges, all the way to the nuclear throne. My friend, this game will reward you."
,Recommended,242680,18488596,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Rain,Fish can roll !
,Recommended,242680,18493706,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Scara,Lil' hunter is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Also this game is perfect.
76561198073526412,Recommended,242680,18520890,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,♡ Pubblefut ♡,:3
,Recommended,242680,18516801,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Thy,"Fun, addictive and constantly evolving."
76561198076052934,Recommended,242680,18490589,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Stephen Parker,10/10 made me wait for a child to be born then I killed it then ate it infront of its mother could not recommend more
,Recommended,242680,18516043,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,PhysicalPariah,"The team at Vlambeer have done an amazing job with this game over the past few years, it's great to have seen it come from it's infancy as Wasteland Kings, and to have grown into a really strong and compelling full game as Nuclear Throne.If you need a decent dose of super addictive hardcore bullet hell, this is the *only* game to get."
,Recommended,242680,18348170,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,The Ghost of King Hamlet,Fun Challanging Exciting Frustrating.
76561198016794014,Recommended,242680,18365666,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,QQtears,"Fast paced, bullet-hellish game that requires quick reflexes or a combination of good mutation choices.And most important of all, you have to reach the nuclear throne!"
76561198156862561,Recommended,242680,18347464,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Blizzardsev,"Nuclear Throne doesn't deserve a review.It deserves praise.- Fun, snappy, addicting roguelike gameplay with a range of original characters- Active developers with updates every weekend- Lots of secrets, unlockables and things that go boom- Just all round awesome!If you liked the Binding of Isaac, or even if you didn't, Nuclear Throne is in a league of its own.So what're you waiting for?"
76561198256705717,Recommended,242680,24557017,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BROCCOLI,so much death.......
,Recommended,242680,18358243,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jattler,Great gamego buy it!
76561198043856497,Recommended,242680,18383161,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Renn,"I awaited entirely to long to get this game, dont make my mistake.1337/10"
,Recommended,242680,18430351,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ayylmao,k
76561198157031289,Recommended,242680,18422144,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,icemancat,I highly recomend this game because this game is creative and fun to play.
76561198205907283,Recommended,242680,18422757,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Satoasty,FUN
76561198114690232,Recommended,242680,18437676,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Pebs.,"This is a game that makes you want to sink hours and hours into. A cute pixel art style, added to the smooth, fast gameplay makes for a very fun, addictive game. Its got a great soudtrack and style to it, and difficult gameplay that always keeps you coming back for more.  It's currently in early access but already offers so much content with updates consistently coming out. It's worth the price the're asking and you sould definitely consider checking it out."
76561198030776098,Recommended,242680,18437812,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,JF,"I suck at this game and I would feel so empowered if I can beat it once (and good players can loop the game over and over), but I enjoy every masochistic second of it."
76561198104070182,Recommended,242680,18434967,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ThinMintGod,Yung Venuz approves.
,Recommended,242680,18411412,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mr. Familiar,"Oh my god this game is what I expected (not in a bad way). It has few bugs, but it is one of the best experiences I've ever had in a game. I do wish there were more guns, a multiplayer & some type of slow motion mode with a new character (if there isnt one already). So far I recommend this game to anyone who wants to buy it."
,Recommended,242680,17573322,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,[StSv] Neth,"Infuriatingly difficult and addictive, one of the best game purchases I've had."
,Recommended,242680,18364392,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,etter proster gechba,shoot biches
76561198142328891,Recommended,242680,18337340,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Anarchist Scum,10/10 Fish can roll.
76561198132712551,Recommended,242680,18153840,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,MammothMatt,JUST DOOOOOO IT!!!!!
,Recommended,242680,18154040,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,outofmeta,"it's a great game, updates are fairly frequent. its a action packed bullet hell shooter where you can just kill anything that moves. progression is very quick however there is permadeath. it's similar to binding of isaac. you can pick multiple characters with special abilities and some have different starting items, you jump into the first world which is desert themed and then you just go shoot stuff for awhile."
76561198130201545,Recommended,242680,18538762,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SpudSmasher46,"I cant begin to explain how great this game is. It's fun, creative, and the gameplay in general is nice and smooth. Each character is unique and caters to each type of play style. Great job Vlambeer, this is one of the greatest games i've ever played."
,Recommended,242680,18539335,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,grape,my favorite rouge like game to date
76561198088138921,Recommended,242680,18535373,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ArsonsAra,"Nuclear Throne. I wrote a review about this game a long, long time ago. And now it's early-access state is coming to a close, and the finished product is within reach. Amazing, isn't it? To think this game was at first a simple Game Jam project, and has turned into one of Steam's finest games. Certianly something, huh? Well, let's look at the game in it's somewhat complete state and see what it has to offer.The game is a bullet hell, in every sense of the word. Nuclear Throne is a game in which you play as mutants that were created or survivied the end of the world. Wether they be A Fish, A walking chunk of crystal, a person who's flesh is constantly melting, or a Gun God, you have a variety of characters. And even two new ones! While i've yet to unlock them it's glad to see that Vlambeer made new characters. However, I feel they're a tad hard to unlock seeing as I haven't yet, but hey I can't wait to do so. And maybe we can get even more new characters in the future, but that's wishful thinking on my part. As for the gameplay it's hectic as hell. You start off with only a revolver, your wits, and any secondary powers given depending on the character you choose. As you collect Rads, which is this game's equivalent of EXP, You level up and gain Mutations. Which can give you more health, deal more damage, and other perks. You're given a selection of four mutations (or five if you're playing as one of the unlockable characters) and they're all good. Sooner or later you'll get into the groove of the game and find your favorite characters, weapons and mutations. And your goal, Reach the Nuclear Throne. For now, let's touch on the story. It's amazing. The story is sprinkled bit by bit in every part of the game, and it's certainly interesting and it's hard not to get invested.Nuclear Throne is the perfect game for when you want a challenge, but one that's fair. Nuclear Throne is like that one relative in your family that can reward you with a lot of cool stuff, but only if you work hard. You want to kill the Nuclear Throne? You have to earn it. You want your favorite mutation? Sorry, you'll have to deal with what I have now, and work hard with what you have. It's hard, but it doesn't treat you like a baby. The game is very balanced and while difficult, is not impossible. And you don't need to have the reflexes of a god to be good at the game. You just need to keep playing and improve. Which is extreemly rewarding. Nothing is more satisfying than geting farther in the game than you ever have, and nothing will ever compare to beating the Nuclear Throne for the first time ever.The only two problems I have aren't game ruining. One small, and one a tad big. There is one NPC in the game that I feel is wholy unpredictable, and can be very hard to deal with because of that. Alligators. I feel like I can never tell when they're going to fire and they're range is kind of crazy. Sometimes they do nothing. Other times they go in guns blazing and it feels unfair. I can never predict what they're going to do. And unlike the Assasins, that while hard to deal with, you can learn they're patterns, the Alligators feel like they do whatever they want. And another thing about the game, is the reason it's so good. But is also it's worst enemy. Every level is randomly generated, besides a few exceptions. Which can make the game replayable for years to come. But can also make it unfair. Some stages can kill you simply because they overwhelm you in ways you can't fight back. Which is hard to deal with, it's hard to make a game random and fair and the same time. It's really hard, but sometimes I get a really good run going, only to have it stop because there are seven Snipers hiding behind Big Dog.But other than that, I love this game. It's a wonderful time sink, and almost every run feels adrenaline pumping.And Vlambeer, if you're reading this. Thank you. Thank you so much for making such an amazing game. I love the gamplay and I love the story. I honestly feel like the story is amazing and I love finding more about it. I feel like it'd be a dream if I got to interview any of you and ask questions, or hell even work on the game's story with you guys! But that's just wishfull thinking, and enteirly up to you guys. But I doubt it'll ever happen. But either way, thanks for making such an amazing, and timeless game. And I can't wait to see what you guys have in store next."
,Recommended,242680,18536062,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,roblox afficianado,Amazing soundtrack to fit in with the levelsWell-done progressionMultitude of weaponsHIGH replay valueI could go on. Give Vlombo your mony before Yung Venuz takes it all.
76561198073658706,Recommended,242680,18567388,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ShaggyStonr,"This game is a great way to kill time, its fast paced and you dont need a lot of free time to play, overall recommended."
,Recommended,242680,18538306,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,The Thing,This game has stolen my liifefishcanroll / 10Would yung venus again
,Recommended,242680,13115958,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,nox,"""SH*T"" ""F*CK"" WHAT THE F*CK"" ""HOW THE F*CK DID I DIE"" ""SH*T SH*T SH*T SH*T SH*T""sums up my first 3 hours of this game.-Very twitchy action-packed punishing game-May enjoy or may give up in 10 minutes-pray to RNJesus b*tches cause you gonna need it-once every 30-100 runs, you're going to beat the throne, and it's the b*st ♥♥♥♥ing feeling in the world.10/10 it's not even done yet."
76561198059104766,Recommended,242680,15970304,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,TheSpookster,"Fish can rollCrystal can shieldEyes has everywhere visionMelting can boomPlant can snareY.V can brrrap. (Press B)Steroids can double sledgehammerRobot can eatChicken can swordRebel can friendsHorror can be radicalRouge *CLASSIFIED*Big Dog can be a boss insteadThis game can be fun. (and is)This game is supremely fun, I truly reccomend you buy this game. It may be hard, but you get better every time you fail."
76561198158124808,Recommended,242680,14419294,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Spinnaker,"This game is incredible.First off the combat is incredibly satisfiying, the screenshake combined with that moment when you dodge your way through a hail of projectiles to hear the crunch of a wrench connecting with a scorpion means that it isnt going to get boring fast.Second -  The music is great, the tracks are incredibly atmospheric and sound perfect for a wasteland adventureThird - It has all the best parts of a rougelike:Simplicicty, replayability, a high skill cap and that sweet sweet satisfaction you get when you beat the boss or get further.But it has a trump card.Unlike most rougelikes, when you beat the final boss, you dont just start again.You loop.Looping is the mechanic of starting again with all your gear, levels and an increased difficulty so as well as the satisfaction from beating the boss you also have the challenge of seeing hoe many loops you can do, greatly increasing this games re-playability.TL;DRI have developed a reflex action meaning that whenever I die, my fingers automatically start a new game for me.11/10 would ridiculous screenshake again,"
,Recommended,242680,14486985,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,mattchu,"This game never gets old. Quirky, chaotic and spastic … I spend a lot of time yelling at the screen when playing this. AWESOME."
76561198066136990,Recommended,242680,14468198,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,hobbled man,Hands down the most addicting game I have ever played in my entire life.Fantastic gameplayRidiculously hardYUNG VENUZ10/10
76561198125919667,Recommended,242680,14384298,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,jellyman,"I play at least a few games every day. Hands down one of the best games I have ever played. It is fantastic and the devs do such a great job updating the game on a generally weekly basis, with lots of info on their procress, what's going on, etc. Simply don't have enough good things to say about it."
,Recommended,242680,14550836,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Jordy2.0,"""I swear, if I die now, i'm going to stop playing.""*dies*""Ughh!""*quits game*5 Seconds Later""You know what, how about just one more round.""10/10 would die from gun-toting robot wolves again"
,Recommended,242680,14556553,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Boxman,i did it
,Recommended,242680,14533348,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Duke Of Dorks,"REALLY REALLY GOOD! ADDICTING AS HELL! Lots of stuff to discover and shoot and blow up and stab and whack and doge and roll and call an ally and eat guns and reflect shots and snare enemies and kill crow men that are the most annoying enemy in the game!All things aside though, this game is really fun. If you enjoy a game you can endlessly play and develop strategies for each time you play, pick your shots? or spray and pray? However you choose to play this game it makes me salivate just talking about it."
,Recommended,242680,14537828,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,AstromanPete,"Die gloriously!!!! Over and over!!!It has: Boisterous and kinetic game play, fun, dramatic music, and a great sense of humor.I look forward to  a growing variety of weapons, levels and enemies."
,Recommended,242680,11695622,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,MattWeremander,10/10 would roll again
76561198092425238,Recommended,242680,14458314,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,NyonMan,This game... This game single handedly showed me the beauty in life it opened up my senses to their potential my feeling the sweat on the mouse after staying up till 5 the godly sound track coursing though my ears and the 1 bit porn gushing on my screen. It has so much depth with no dialoge or backstory about surviving this ♥♥♥♥ed up world we call home full of greed and sorrow and going to extremes to make it. This game enlightened me and it will enlighten you too.
,Recommended,242680,14062958,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Phant0m,Amazing Game. Would Make dis Goty of whenever year this gets out of early accessPS Dual Pistol Runs now impossible
76561198014208657,Recommended,242680,14579615,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dmosher,"One of the better examples of an early access game. It receives weekly updates and keeps improving. It's very fun and addictive retro style, top down shooter."
76561198108126556,Recommended,242680,14598899,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,FoxyLuck,great game
76561198137055482,Recommended,242680,14601618,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,#1 Fan,Fun game easy to get into.
76561198170546143,Recommended,242680,15840155,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,SUCK ME,"A fun little game that offers allot, at first i was very reluctant to buy this game but i could not help my self, it is a new experience every time with new characters,mutations and weapons.over all a great game8/10"
76561198029669648,Recommended,242680,14320885,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Flower Power,"This review was conducted on 4 Feb 2015 and is subject to change as content is added to the game.Edit* love the additions to the title and in game sound track. Already warrants changing to an upvote, keep it up.This is a fun game for the first 30-45 minutes that it takes to unlock all the characters, but falls flat during the player's arduous struggle to reach the highest floor. I'm aware that this game is in early access and that things are bound to change. My issue with it is that the only replayability in its current state,  stems from the incredibly difficult task of reaching the nuclear throne. I myself have only reached floor 8 or so, but I'm finding the runs tediously repetitive rather than exciting.So many people claim that the game is similar to the binding of isaac, but with guns. I'm very familiar with the binding of isaac (Over 120+ hours between BoI and Rebirth), and I can't say that this game is remotely related to BoI other than the fact that the levels are randomly generated. What the Binding of Isaac has that this game is missing is constant unlockables that give the player a sense that they are progressing rather than grinding for nothing. Another really neat feature in BoI is the fact that the player can get thousands upon thousands of completely different item combinations that lead to unique effects and are often hilarious or overpowered.I think the biggest issue comes from the fact that this game feels like it doesn't have enough substance after you've completed the first few unlocks. After this point, there is a 4 hour (and counting) block of repetitive dying with no further unlocks or progress. The game is also missing that ability to be broken that everyone loves in The Binding of Isaac. The only way to get to the end, is to be patient and practice by doing a ton of runs. I have no issue with dying a lot, although in this case, the game may be slightly too unforgiving. You can get to the final floor with full health (not an easy task) and a single misfire of your explosive weapon or an unlucky spawn can result in your instant death from full health to zero, which is extremely aggravating.I understand that the binding of Isaac is similar in that beating the game takes a ton of practice, but BoI also has the occasional run where, due to RNG in item drops, you become the bane of all that is horrible and wreak havoc. I think that if the dev removed this parameter that inhibits you from becoming op, perhaps by adding quite a few more upgrades, I might enjoy the game more. As a sidenote idea, if each of the weapons themselves could have multiple levels of upgrades or effects (on top of the mutations), I feel that the game's replay value would go up ten fold.The game's wiki features a plethora of awesome looking weapons and cool features, but these features are hard to appreciate because of how difficult it is to access the floors that hold them. Ultimately the game is enjoyable for what it is in its current state. It has a fun soundtrack and decent pixel graphics.I look forward to future updates to see what the dev does with the game and I will gladly change my review if the game fulfills its potential."
,Recommended,242680,15880408,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Amethyst,"Great game. Its one of the harder games I have played, but even when I die I always like to restart and do it all again. The only thing I wish they would add is a 60fps option, because it is locked at 30fps. Other than that, awesome."
,Recommended,242680,15862551,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Narrator,I R8 8/8 NO H8 IT'S GR8.
,Recommended,242680,15921648,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,GiantPlaidSquirrel,"A little overpriced at 12.99, but dang is it fun"
76561198044699145,Recommended,242680,15908852,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SneeMcLee,"Just do it, by the game and enjoy life."
,Recommended,242680,16165546,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"This game is just the bee's knees.The developers really show off what a proper early access game should be like, and how to maintain a strong community."
,Recommended,242680,16176925,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Shark Merchant,"The only game where you can play as either a true American Fish, a Crystal Gem, a Set of Psychic Eyes, a melting corpse that's oppsesed with explosions, a triangle that can break any gun, A Robot that Endorses recycling, a Ninja Chicken in slo-mo, A rouge Female Mummie who creates smaller mummies, A speedy Venus Bandit Traper, a Jacked guy who can also break any gun(in a different way then the triangle), a radiation Dog and an Inter-dimentional Criminal.Together, you fight Bandit mummies, Corrupt/Mutated Gems, Robot Snipers from TF2, Ravens with guns, Robo-Cerberus, Rats, Zombie Rats, Giant Zombie rats, A living throne of radiation, Inter-Dimentional police, and, the worst enemy Known to Mutant-Kind: Maggots.Along the way, you become more irratiated and mutate. You also can have a sentient crown follow you around and warp reality.One of the Best Games I've ever played. Buy it. BUY IT NOW."
76561197994178591,Recommended,242680,16556855,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Frosthark,"Brilliant top-down rogue-like shooter - you choose one of the dozen available characters, each with different powers, and try to progress through levels by killing everything that moves. Sounds simple, right? Well, add a load of cool weapons, hordes of deadly enemies, environmental hazards, deadly bosses, and you get a fast-paced and extremely hard slaughterfest that makes you hit the 'R' (replay) key after each death. The gameplay is supported by simple, yet enjoyable graphics and sound design. The game does have some minor problems (occasionally unfair spawning locations, hit detection glitches, bare bones UI) but is receiving regular updates, with fixes, rebalances, improvements and new content.In short, that's how action-oriented rogue-likes and Early Access titles should be made. Totally worth the money.Pros:+ Extremely solid and challenging action rogue-like gameplay+ A dozen playable characters, each with a different ability+ A ton of cool weapons and deadly enemies+ Simple, yet effective graphics and sounds+ Regular updates containing fixes, improvements and new content, with numerous new features to be added in the future+ Local Co-op (online Co-op may be added later)+ Fish can rollCons:- Starting level spawns will occasionally cause you to die unfairly- Limited UI (for now, it's being improved)- Some minor bugs (e.g. problems with registering hits near walls)"
,Recommended,242680,16538929,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,whale boi,"NUCLEAR HEADLINESGreen dog thing vomits on scorpion!Reanimated corpse blows♥♥♥♥♥♥up!super scarf lady gives birth to quintuplets in public!Big rock has 18 hp! (holy♥♥♥♥♥♥)Fish can ro- ah, you get it.this game is amazing. buy it, ♥♥♥♥♥♥.NOW!"
76561198021214198,Recommended,242680,16358332,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BaconMonster,"Fast, hard and lots of fun!"
,Recommended,242680,16228265,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Yeeshmere,I've never hated cars so much.
,Recommended,242680,16272065,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Alkou,10/10 this game is everything you want for a rouge like type of game.
,Recommended,242680,16068929,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SubName,"You can indefinitely fire a sawblade-shooting gun for 10 seconds with one character.You can dual wield laser screw-drivers and actually have a stupidly high DPS.You can accidentally eat a nuke launcher.You can get beheaded and only lose 1 max HP, provided you find a method of healing.You can visit a mansion in Venus and kill rocket-shooting buff men called Jocks.You can grab a wrench over a goddamn katana.You can take the ""touch the laser crystal challenge"" (you will die).You can roll your way out of a randomly-appearing portal.You can kill a chair with a revolver.You can, try as you might not to, miss point-blank shots on snow-yetis charging at you.You can ♥♥♥♥ things into submission (courtesy of SLEEPCYCLES on YouTube).You can steal a walking crown that causes enemies to only die with guns by their side.You can fight enemies with no idle animation and enemies with no moving animation, both in an old abandoned house.You can call rat enemies out for not dropping ammo.You can play as a walking loominarty triangle with disturbingly good pop-pop skills.You can mutate really long arms, extra feet, radioactive guts, and spontaneous ammo resupply on some kills and still be very unhappy about your fight.You can die to a rogue police officer who flies on a nuclear jetpack, crashes headfirst on the ground in a blue fiery blaze, and shoots about a million bullets a second.You can then start right up again immediately, endlessly.You can hate everything about this game.You can love it, too.You can keep blaming the game, as well.You can just accept that fact it's you being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.But no matter how well you are doing, no matter what the weapons or muations, you ca- will always die in under a second.Get this game now and you can tell more stories of death, endurance, twitch skill, and, of course, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198146423954,Recommended,242680,16069592,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sir Eggs and Bacon,"A great, amazing rougelike that is not for the faint of heart.On the other hand.... I HATE LITTLE HUNTER"
,Recommended,242680,16251092,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Judy Hopps,"One of those beautiful games that's frustrating, but in a good way that makes you want to get better. You will die many many times, but that first time you beat the throne, it was one of the greatest moments I've ever experienced in a game. I seriously cannot recommend this game enough. If you on the fence because it's in early access, buy it. This game could stop devolopment and it would still be my GOTY for the past however many years it's been out. My favorite part about this game would probably be how satisfactory the guns and enimies getting hit/killed sound. It's hard to explain, but play it and you'll see what I mean. And besides gameplay, this game has an amazing and welcoming community, and the devs are an active part of said community. They even frequent the Twitch chatroom of popular NT streamer SleepCycles, where they interact with the community and get suggestions. (One example: during a stream once, they said they'd nerf Shielders, a very annoying enemy in the game, if SleepCycles quit smoking. He did, and they got 2 nerfs).tl;dr It's an amazing game with an amazing community and amazing devs, buy it now"
76561198109504868,Recommended,242680,16251955,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Haydendrood,"this game is realy exiting and challenging, and i like to play Y.V for airhornz 10/10 keep on trying till yer outa cake ;D"
76561197990613275,Recommended,242680,16255391,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,klozz,"Easy to play, hard to master. Very entertaining game. I really like the random leveldesign, random weapon drops, lots of different characters and the whole sound design (weapon sounds, soundtrack) is awesome.This game frustrates me a lot if i die, but i always come back for another round of Nuclear Throne.Maybe in the future there will be a descent multiplayer part and bigger levels aswell as some interesting game modes and mods."
,Recommended,242680,16327384,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cash Cab,This is a very great game wich allows the player to chill out by spamming bullets and bringing down enemies and also testing himself in the daily runs trying to become better and betterOverall i recommend this game and it's worth every cent you'll spend
76561198051040432,Recommended,242680,16296271,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Dilbert Christ,30 fps
,Recommended,242680,16298810,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ankerturtle,"Fish can roll, illumaniti dank memes character, maggots are the most OP thing ever, Rebel is actually a GIRL, the Throne exists, SNOWBOTS ARE THE MOST ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T MOB IN THE GAME... , Rebel scarf is really nice :) I like it, tbh my most hated mob is the rats fkin ♥♥♥♥♥ and the dog guardian they just dont die... oh and also the laser crystal !!!! oh melting says brr....#2 Yung 2 DieTHE GAME IS AMAZING JUST BUY IT IF YOU FEEL INTERESTED!!!"
,Recommended,242680,16299939,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap,"An amazing game, I love being able to eat guns, have the ability to run around like a headless Chicken, and the icing on the cake is the character with the name Steroids. Constant updates, constant weapons, constant crowns.11/10 fav game"
76561198064412201,Recommended,242680,16296197,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Bongo (ง •ᴗ•)ง,"One of my alltime favorite games. Its full of some strange stuff. There characters like fish, chicken, and steroids. There are also secret levels here and there. All-In-All, good gameplay, good game. completely worth however much it is on any given day. Amen."
76561198198462946,Recommended,242680,16300946,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,zeusianfolly,"Melting NEEDS to be buffed. I understand that he has a strong ability, but he needs to be able to move in and out of the battle space in order to make it work and if he is a one hitter quiter he is basically worthless. 4hp min"
,Recommended,242680,16311486,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,^8OMNIPODIUM,Nuclear throne is a fast paced rogue like game with almost infinite replay value.
,Recommended,242680,16448896,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Star Shooter,"Nuclear Throne is a satisfying rougelike game with bulletstorm mechanics or is a bulletstorm game with rougelike mechanics?Who know exactly.Similar to other games that Vlambeer has realeased over the past years this is a hard, addictive and rewarding game.The game is a top down shooter you control 12 different characters each of them has passive and active ability you fight waves of monsters and bossess to level up your stats on your character by the use of rads (experience point). Each level is randomly generated meaning that every time you start your game the level layout will be different.As an early-access, Vlambeer updates the game every weekend meaning that the game does not suffers stability issues or bugs and they always add something new and interesting on the gameIn conclusion if you are tired of early-access games that are buggy, glitchy or simply not fun to play, then try this game worth every penny"
,Recommended,242680,16066606,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Kale,Nuclear Throne is a nice game where you get to do the best thing ever. Shoot everything and win.
76561198066470797,Recommended,242680,16116562,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,#BareTitties,"Good game, hours of fun and great devs"
,Recommended,242680,16090666,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,RedSweater,I'm 3 hours into it. Still can't get halfway.It's hard. It's quick. It's rewarding.
,Recommended,242680,16032284,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,JayWillyMF,"This game draws the inevitable comparison to the Binding of Isaac, but I actually enjoy this game much, much more. It has a fantastic cast of characters, each with their own playstyle, and tons of mutations that allow you to create whatever build you would like. Obviously, I would like to see more enemies, more characters, more guns, more levels, but the big thing that I think this game needs is alternate level layouts. Sort of like Binding of Isaac has the Basement or the Caverns for the first stage. If Vlambeer added this, I think this would make an already must-buy game even better."
,Recommended,242680,15454226,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Why would u do dat?,Amazing game would 360 noscpe again
76561198060269278,Recommended,242680,15457676,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Darklordflufffy,So much fun come see what ive done on my channel darklordflufffy heres a tastehttps://youtu.be/EgIMI2j8mcU
76561198051483286,Recommended,242680,15666648,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Saeus,Awesome.
76561198144735176,Recommended,242680,15683665,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,shadow knight,one of most adictive games i have ever played and changeling  good music good gameplay good game and very fast but amazing10-10
76561198049269896,Recommended,242680,15772809,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Dank Engine,"Not too much variability in terms of weapon selection or character upgrades, but still a wery solid rogue-lite title. It can get a little bit repetitive, but it is still fun to play. Games tend to be short and fast.It's got great background music, the controls handle well and it looks cool.Grab it and play."
76561198107559338,Recommended,242680,15774336,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,4 y a r d o,Too amazing to be true. Good job devs.
,Recommended,242680,15778358,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Munashiimaru,"Great ""Twin Stick Shooter"" (really needs to be played with keyboard/mouse since ammo management/percision aiming is part of game).  Very fun to romp through and a tremoundous challenge.  I would rate it ""Nintendo Hard"" :p In my mind, it's the kind of game you're not really meant to beat.  The idea is to see how far you can get through it (with practice and being really good you can start beating it semi-consistantly, but even then it's fun to see if/how many times you can loop through it (winning starts you at the beginning with crazy monster spawns)).Rogue-Lite in that the levels/weapons/mutations are randomly generated, which helps keep it fresh too.  It's early access, but the core game is very fleshed out.  Main menu and such could use some work (something they're actively working on), but that isn't something I care about when I'm playing :p  Most actual game-play changes they do now are just minor balance tweaks and occasionally adding new weapons and such (there's already a ton).  It's very actively updated too (once a week like clockwork)."
,Recommended,242680,15779750,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,brian hibbs,Probably one of the most fun games I'll ever play. GOTY for whatever year it releases.
,Recommended,242680,15781363,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Chayse,"This game was released on October 11, 2013 and It's still Early Access.Its good"
,Recommended,242680,15781526,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,MrsButtButt,One of the best games I've ever played.If you haven't bought it yet go do it.Right now.
,Recommended,242680,16785910,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,friend.jpg,"It's really hard to go in depth on why I love this game, it's challenging and addictive.If you're into the type of games Edmund McMillen makes I highly recomend it to you.Every character has it's own way of being played and it's got alot of variety."
,Recommended,242680,16799344,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,LegionLord Vaxid,"What to say about Nuclear Throne.It's hands-down, one of the best games I've played in my life. An extremely high octane, frustratingly brutal bullet-Hell roguelike that rewards you for your quick reaction times and punishes you for the slightest misteps. It scales in difficulty very well, starting from introducing semi-harmless little bandits and before you know it you've been hit by a car thrown from a robotic gorilla.Sporting 13 unique characters and 150+ guns, ranging from simple pistols to cannons that launch gigantic balls of lightning, this won't give you the same experience twice. Some runs will last a simple 5 minutes and some runs can last almost an hour. The bosses are each different, the zones are all unique and there's plenty of secret levels to find.Although it's in early access, the devs work tirelessly and deliver us updates every week, usually on Saturday or Sunday.As someone who loves bullet Hells, roguelikes and Fish that play the guitar, this game delivers action and bullets.Remember, the Throne does exist, Fish can roll, and there is no Yeti."
,Recommended,242680,16801375,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,GiornoGiovanna,horror and robot = 10/10
,Recommended,242680,16801905,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Jimmy Jazz,"Oh man, I've got a test tomorrow.I should study.It's late, I've got to get up early.I'll do worse on the test if I'm tired.But all I want to do is play Nuclear Throne."
76561198057701000,Recommended,242680,16808668,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jarheadtaylor,"This game is super fun and is being worked on all the time, its a good time waster too!"
76561198023817130,Recommended,242680,16744510,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,BewareOfTom,"Really fun fast paced shooter, really hard though (then again, I'm a filthy casual). Gunna have to try it with some friends. Can't wait to see it finished! 7.5/10"
,Recommended,242680,12179490,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Loogie,"Best RogueLike in recent years, good character and weapon variety, along with a charming art style and fun perk system."
76561198043095305,Recommended,242680,16625547,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Incinerate's (Sister),"One of the very best games I have ever played.  This game is incredibly satisfying.  The weapons feel very powerful and beefy, and the enemies are very fun to kill.  I love how brutally difficult this game is because it keeps drawing me back wanting to get better and better.  It will probably take most new players a good 10 -20 hours of gameplay to beat the throne the first time and start looping, and the game gets awesomely insane in loops!""I don't need no friends, I don't need no phone,Just a bag of severed heads and my Nuclear Throne,""-my life in a nutshell"
76561198041900037,Recommended,242680,17245956,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,WhoBlack,very fun and rage inducing at times. love all the secrets and fun easter eggs.
,Recommended,242680,17525193,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,bkidbran,great game for it stll being in devlopement 10/10 but still cant get over the rage of ddying on a good run i recomend it to all who like rogue-loke game cant wait for it for it to be out of early access
76561198108654277,Recommended,242680,14245436,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mr. Vulcanator,Pros+Good visual style+Fun+Good Sounds and music+Over 100 weapons+Updated every weekend without fail. It was even updated when the devs were at a game convention.Cons-Mildly frustrating when I die-No online multiplayer
76561198170191437,Recommended,242680,17531115,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Rowsdower,"Awesome game! I love that the developers are constantly updateing and won't let it out of Alpha just to be done with it! Great combat, challenging difficulty, and stunning pixel art! Overall a really fun game and indepth rougelike!"
,Recommended,242680,17534651,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,põhjamaade boi,Bam! Bam! Bam! Swoosh! Kaboom! Pew! Pew!
76561197996651809,Recommended,242680,17568566,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Rad,"Like Risk of Rain meets Hotline Miami, and its all juicy action goodness"
76561198098820368,Recommended,242680,17572362,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,HollowKnight,This game is AMAZING totaly recommend it my favorite game on steam
76561198157018504,Recommended,242680,17575375,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Pinhead Larry,"This game..Well this game is so much fun. I can say that right now. Sometimes i want to throw my mouse out the window, sometimes i wanna pull my hair out. Its so damn hard in my opinion. But i love this game. If you want to just pick up this game and start playing, be prepared to die. A lot."
76561198202658078,Recommended,242680,17558748,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,✪ BluPlasma,Nuclear throne is a very different rouge like game. It is very fast paced and bullet hell like. But this game has a lot of hidden depth to it and if you are a fan of the binding of The Binding Of Isaac then you will enjoy this game
,Recommended,242680,17560736,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Tactical Bacon,Hard as balls and as addictive as crack
,Recommended,242680,17563095,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Wiltim (G.E.W.P),9/8 was a crazy ninja chicken who ran around with no headwould ninja chicken again
,Recommended,242680,17585150,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ILUSIAN,Like BoI but better
76561198061310946,Recommended,242680,17593079,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,MR North Lin,I cant see whats on my screen10/10 would drop fps again
76561198125933005,Recommended,242680,17787753,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mexican crystal meth dealer,"go get it, NAO"
,Recommended,242680,17669102,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,IRBAlex,Imagine a game where you can be a ninja chicken with a double barreled minigun... Welcome to Nuclear Throne
76561198195333981,Recommended,242680,17673235,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ae,Had a blast playing this even when I've reached the throne 4 times. Its hard to get bored of this game. (Chicken is the best)
,Recommended,242680,17804417,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,"This game is phenomenal. It delivers very challenging and action-packed gameplay which upon first glance can appear very simple and straightforward, but after gaining more insight into the deeper mechanics, presents a suprisingly deep level of strategy and planning when choosing what weapons and mutations to use together, given your current character and crown. The learning curve is pretty brutal at first, but once you break the threshold of dieing over and over on early stages, you can progress to the deeper levels of the game, and find a secret or two along the way. Another thing is that with the way the game works when you win, you can technically find yourself getting better at the game almost indefinitely, since where you once considered victory in one point of your career might eventually becoime a mere stepping stone into a harder point in the game for you later.tl;dr: 10/10, Fantastic challenging game with near infinite replayability/skill progression, would reccomend to anyone."
76561198046213857,Recommended,242680,17791859,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,big WiMP,"Super fun and very challenging. Lots of very unique characters with special abilities and plenty of guns to make each go through semi-unique. The devs are always updating the game so there's more content on a very regular basis. Great music that's very catchy, I could listen to it for hours. I also really like the daily leaderboard, it's very fun to see how well you rank amongst other players every day."
,Recommended,242680,22257218,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,annex,Like an abusive husband that comes home day after day.
,Recommended,242680,22266556,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,RedH00d,ten outa ten
,Recommended,242680,22462776,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,McBourbons,It's like '80s gaming at its best without the horrendus load times
76561198095420568,Recommended,242680,22462999,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Szechuan Speedboy,best HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS HAPPENING?! simulator ever
,Recommended,242680,20051132,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jazz Head,"This game is hellishly good. Most of the negative reviews refer to:- The 30 FPS lock. I don't have a problem with this, because my computer can only reach approximately 25 FPS on a good day.-The difficulty. Yes, it is INCREDIBLY difficult, and a lot of it is based on luck, but as you progress you will find there is a lot of skill and strategy involved too.-Edit--Recent updates seem to have fixed most of the crashes (for me at least) but there is still one major problem: The game will not open through Steam, so I cant do dailies or weeklies or get achievements, which is pretty annoying."
76561198025061397,Recommended,242680,7560046,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Pomb,"Captivating and addictive game loops, sessions are quick to play, can start playing in less than 4 seconds including load! Appealing characters, tastey pixel art and overall pretty damn awesome."
76561198048003380,Recommended,242680,21714886,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Arthur: #1 Anime,"I would honestly give this game a 10/10, It has been a long♥♥♥♥♥time since I have played a game this original and addictive, if you have 12 dollars, why the hell wouldnt you buy it?"
76561198120294821,Recommended,242680,21717342,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mr Mitler,"so fun. so hard, will make your rage, will make you happy, will make you feel bad♥♥♥♥♥ will give you carpel tunnel, even make you emotional! (Ending music and back story). FYI if you plan on studying for exams and such. good luck with this game installed."
76561198044232786,Recommended,242680,21786425,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,netugi,"Amazingly satisfying sound design, super fast-paced, bullet hell madness. I love this game to bits, just how easy it is to go from 8 HP to 0 if you ♥♥♥♥ up, along with how easy it is to just start another run. I personally like playing as The Melt, despite his meager 2 HP. What can I say, I love causing mass destruction with exploding corpses (and the extra Rads are nice too). Robot is my alt, the more sensible one. That's another thing, really good character variety. You got the generic, the tanker, a few rampagers, some more technical ones, etc. I still have like 5 or so to unlock too. The game is incredibly hard, and I haven't even gotten past the underground level after the snow level (I generally die right away), but I'm a man who likes it rough so that's okay.TL;DR super fast paced, super hard, exciting as ♥♥♥♥, would recommend."
76561198091591272,Recommended,242680,21606559,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,"The, Addi Robinson",This game makes me swear... A lot.
,Recommended,242680,21670132,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Cyberboss,You did not reach the nuclear throne
,Recommended,242680,21672065,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Markopolo,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing sick dude u should try it out u wont regret it
76561198053281278,Recommended,242680,21760866,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,OPC,"Gritty, tough and merciless. No holds are held, and no run is short of rewarding. Definitely worth playing... Again and again."
76561198057055756,Recommended,242680,21771848,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,4D,"This game is a great pass time, while your are easy listening e.g (podcasts, music, and etc). It's a great challenge, but it is a bit of a love hate relationship. Alot like dark souls."
,Recommended,242680,21757049,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Invadersim,"Nuclear Throne is truly an amazing game. With lots of secrets to discover and things to unlock, the game keeps you coming back for more constantly. Pros and Cons below.PROS:-Fun gameplay-Good music-Interesting characters-The throne definitely exists-Replay valueCONS:-Very hard-Lots of very difficult achievments-Lil hunterI would give this game an 8 out of 10"
76561198096083770,Recommended,242680,18605097,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,WeeabooGaming,"This is a game that I want to hate. Simply because it is now out of early access and it is just not done. The gameplay is polished but it's just not done.However, every time I play this game I have a wonderful time. The game as a pure delight to play, the graphics are oddly fitting (if basic), there is a good weapon variety and it takes a bold step in having no story but it still allows me to see some character in the playable cast. I want to hate this game but I just can't.P.S. Uhh, Vlambeer, why has a game that is borderline on unplayable with a controller on console??I dunno."
,Recommended,242680,21758824,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,coolksn,Good game
76561198061833386,Recommended,242680,21486114,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Toad,ITSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
,Recommended,242680,21424686,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Sharksie,0/10 pray 2 win
,Recommended,242680,21482633,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bugzz,"Fun, addictive, and devilishly hard, this is a game you won't be putting down 'till you've seen the throne - and popped it full of led."
,Recommended,242680,21333557,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,|Pants|,"If you like getting destroyed by sentient balls as a lump of steroids, BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,242680,21590378,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Hox,"Fast-paced and frantic, Vlambeer's Wasteland outing is worth the time if you enjoy rouguelike, top down, bullet hell shooters that generate salt faster than the instant evaporation of the oceanic mass of the planet earth. SO much salt."
,Recommended,242680,21593206,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ifithadn'tbeenforCottonEyeJoe,"Kinda like trying to suck your own♥♥♥♥♥♥ its extremely painfuil and will make you beyond frustrated but when you finally do it, you feel great"
,Recommended,242680,21641520,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,I require medical assistance,A game about how you can get life changing perks through radiation!Featuring: a self concious being made of radiation devouring it's own kind!
,Recommended,242680,21650093,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,scrung,"Two words.Bullet Hell.But otherwise, buy the game, my graphics card is a toaster and it runs it."
76561198009281704,Recommended,242680,21647999,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Cran,There is no Throne but the Nuclear Throne. Steroids is the messenger of the Nuclear Throne.
,Recommended,242680,21652393,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GrayFoxx,"Great game, very well made and addicting top-down shooter10/10"
,Recommended,242680,21626085,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MrLofan,WORTH EVERY PENNY I WOULD PAY 50 DOLLARS FOR THIS GAME I LOVE IT
76561198163280586,Recommended,242680,21632430,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,liquidatedfat,I love this game but I'm absolutely horrible at it
,Recommended,242680,21530978,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ocean Man,"It has a chicken with a katana, what more do you NEED for god's sake?"
,Recommended,242680,21529634,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,⋘smorebrother⋙,What are you reading the reviews for?!GET THIS GAME NOW!!!Possible Side-Effects:* Broken Monitor* Ragequit* Hatred for Lil HunterPrepare for the biggest challenge in your gaming career
76561198098452235,Not Recommended,242680,21529793,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fat Traveler,"THis is a fun game, it really is. But no multiplayer completely kills the longevity of the game. Local co-op just is not enough anymore."
76561198093531982,Recommended,242680,21606278,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Hot Larva,"Easily one of the most fun games I've ever played. It has diverse playable characters, tons of guns, great progression of difficulty, no two runs will ever be identical, and one of the greatest boss fights I've seen in any game. Every time I go up against Lil' Hunter my heart starts racing and andrenaline kicks in. For $11.99 this game is a steal, ended up buying 2 more copies to give to friends."
,Recommended,242680,21501611,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mi$ty,The most addictive rogue-like shooter I have ever played.One tip: Never be close to a car when you kill the last enemy in scrapyards.
76561198045407346,Recommended,242680,21597311,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,CodeRen,One day I'll make it to the Throne.
,Recommended,242680,21554008,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nark,This game made me realize I ♥♥♥♥ing suck at video games and should just kill myself already.
76561198067835731,Recommended,242680,21556766,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Crazy,Really fun pastime
,Recommended,242680,15877400,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,zach,FUN LIKE ME
76561198174953305,Recommended,242680,15676127,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,StarGazerEli,"Good, hard game, but still fun"
,Recommended,242680,15676529,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SpookestSoup,A+ Game airhorns make all games nice.
76561198084258045,Recommended,242680,15692527,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mr.Awesomeface123,I love this game!!Although after the new update i have found that my game keeps crashing :(But still a fantastic game
,Recommended,242680,15693610,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mega Alakazam,gud
,Recommended,242680,15541751,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,pengu,10/10 would get a heart attack again
76561198161642150,Recommended,242680,15722864,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Leather Daddy Godzilla,"Crazy fun, Crazy fast paced, And just generally crazy.Verify Venuz."
,Recommended,242680,15332034,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Metal Maestro,"A fun shooter/roguelike that sends you on your journey as a mutant on the search for an Atomic Chair. You walk through many different levels wasting everything in your path, collecting rods of plutonium to level up and obtain new mutations that help you along your way to the Chair. You'll find many challenging enemies that may seem unfair but really just need to be shot first and you'll be fine. You'll find epic weapons like plasma miniguns and super disc guns and auto heavy crossbows to decimate the population with. When you finally reach the almighty chair of myth you might be in for a surprise, lock, load, and prepare your best chair sitting butt."
76561198223438596,Recommended,242680,15335702,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Queen Floofy <3,"Love this game, especially the art style.  I definately recommend this game."
,Recommended,242680,15335714,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Antibiotix,"If you've played any Vlambeer games in the past you'd have experienced the tight controls and fast and furious action they eschew. This one is no exception. And that soundtrack...Awesome.Equally important, the game loads up fast and gets you into action almost immediately. A simple bullet hell shooter that I can jump in within seconds, play for 15 minutes and jump back out."
,Recommended,242680,15346131,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Gojam,"Nuclear Throne is an absolutely brilliant game, but I would say it's not for everyone. It's kind of like if Spelunky met The Binding of Isaac(?). One mistake can end your run and you'll have to start over. Filled with fun (but dangerous) guns and lots of pesky enemies such as the Assasins, which can pretend to be dead, jump up and kill you instantly, this game requires a lot of reflexes and is a real challenge. The value for money, as with most indie games (I'm looking at you, Edmund) will most likely provide many hours of constant replayablility. Even though I've only played for around ~20hrs, it's been an exhilarating experience and I strongly recommend buying this game, but as I said before, its as hard as nails.I would rate this game a honorable and respectable 9/10"
76561198118587624,Recommended,242680,15759674,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Undead_Vikng256,"extremely fun, ridiculously hard"
76561198023788910,Recommended,242680,15761558,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tatiaan,a good game and the twitch emotes are realy great !
,Recommended,242680,15763100,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Hitler Wolfenstein,Amazing Sci-fi Shoot-em up with Fallout Written All Over It9.8/10Pros:Feels a lot like the old fallouts for some reason?Has amazing soundtrack.Gets Multiple weapons to use. Ex: Pop gun.Everything about the landscape is awesome.Hazards glore.Epic Charaters.Cons:Dying is a common thing.
76561198138733163,Recommended,242680,15764596,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Plant,"Take my word for it, this game is frick-fracking awesome. Just saying."
,Recommended,242680,15584989,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,"Nights, The Perfect Boy","Fantastic game, but definitely not for everyone. It's hard, VERY hard, especially when you start out. I'm only just now starting to be able to loop semi-consistently."
76561198017009610,Recommended,242680,15586228,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Snake,"Great game, i've spent 50+ hours playing."
76561198054120589,Recommended,242680,16749791,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,TyrexKyuris,"The game's still in Alpha, but it's already got more fun than most AAA games and at 1/5 the price.The main menu and the co-op are kind of a mess, but the actual 'game' part of this game is rock solid.It gets punishingly hard almost immediately, but it feels really rewarding if you can stay alive in this mixture of bullet hell and rogue dungeon crawler."
,Recommended,242680,16618724,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,J'zargo,Nuclear MLG shootin' mutants  on steriods.
,Recommended,242680,18052362,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Apollo Kid,This game is super fun but very difficult.Oh yeah and Fish can roll.
,Recommended,242680,17458131,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,nacon,"This is a game that I pick up and play every day - for about 20 - 30 minutes per day. Nuclear Throne is a ""rogue like"" top-down action shooter. The world you are playing in is procedurally generated, which, while following general rules, will vary every time in terms of layout and enemy difficulty.The game is very much a bullet-hell/twitch based game; if you don't like fast-paced shooting action, this isn't the game for you. Some characters, like the Chicken, can slow down time and make the game a little bit more manageable while you learn.As you shoot/slash/explode your way through the levels with one of a dozen unique characters, you gain XP for traits that power your character up and pick up new weapons to better shoot your way through the world. This also lends itself to a different experience every time that you play. When you die - that's it. You have to start over again. But it's not such a huge loss - since maybe you'll luck into that golden combination that gets you all the way to the Nuclear Throne!The game is capped at 30fps, but I don't think this detracts from the gameplay at all. The visual style is unique, and very evocative of 16-bit gaming consoles.I reccommend this game, as it is a great value for its price."
,Recommended,242680,17458721,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,svero,"At first I thought I'd wasted my money. It all looks so rough on the surface, but if you play a little, give it a chance... Just dig a little deeper, and you'll find that under that rough exterior, is a gem of a shooter with fantastic gameplay and design. And it seems to get better with every update."
,Recommended,242680,17421729,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Paquimex,"I love it, I thought I would never find this kind of games again"
76561198132259061,Recommended,242680,16914439,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Nogoroninj,Best game.just play. worth more than mah computer (i have a mac air)
,Recommended,242680,16916571,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,RustyDingus,This game hates me when all I want to do is love... 10/10
,Recommended,242680,16920752,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Sakuya Izayoi,"This game is TOTALLY easy...If you have the instincts of a robot on steroids.Honestly, for new players, this will be an extremely hard game, even going half-way to the throne is kinda impressive. Also, the price is actually fairly cheap being a game which is slightly RNG based. If you like Binding of Issac, you will gaurnteed love this game."
,Recommended,242680,16922762,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,cuck boy 9000,"This game is hard and frustrating. Every time a maggot kills me on the first level, I die a little inside. Everything's fine until a crow shoots you in the face as a twirling dog shoots missiles into your newly created chest cavity. Yet, this is my favorite game currently in my Steam library.10/10would get shot in the face by crow againP.S - Fish can roll"
76561198191057651,Recommended,242680,16882849,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,vivianyaocanada,"Played it for so long I don't know who I am anymore. I do know that Fish can roll, however.The thing is, this game is all about making mistakes and learning from them. Paying attention to the words in between levels is pretty useful as well. As my first rougelike, bullet hell game it's incredibly addicting and now I have super-high expectations for similar games ;w;It's great for someone who has a lot of patience and able to adapt to a 90 degree learning curve. Reaching the Throne is incredibly satisfying and I can feel this game is going to become really great later on."
76561198180632086,Recommended,242680,16886816,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,im with stupid,"This game is an awesme game. Even though it cost $13, it is worth it"
,Recommended,242680,16887574,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,23icewolf,"I love this game. Now that thats said i do want to bring up somethings. I'm not going to start telling anyone how to make there game. I do what to bring up some details about whats in the game so far. I enjoy this game a lot how ever i may be new to playing it my self I have bin watching a youtuber play this game for about a month or two. When I play Nuclear Throne its odviouse to see its a very tough game and very unforgiving. Thats something video games have forgotten that makes them even or rewarding when you do good. The randomness of the weapons and mutations make it even more fun or challenging however at this point is where I have to bring up one thing. That thing is in the first area think is named ""The WaistLands"" correct me if I'm wrong. More often then not I come accross one big problem. Its when im going into a long hall and theres a I think the name of the enemies name is nuclear ratada again correct me if I'm wrong and it sprays nonstop and starts this before its on screen. I understand that thats how the enemy works but when this happens its responsable for about 30% of my deaths. I would be very greatfull if when the game is out of early access that they can't spawn in long hallways. That way when I'm doing good I dont get shutdown with no chance to pass. I'm sure many other would like that at well. Everything else I love about this game."
,Recommended,242680,16890690,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Nox_Luna,"Put simply, Nuclear Throne is a great game. Very challenging. Even though dying is a staple, it doesn't neccesarily tire itself out after the first 50 attempts. Sure you rest for the day but it stays fresh every other day you decide to play it. Simple mechanics.Difficult setting. Wide variety of characters that you can choose from to suit your playstyle and weapon style. Very easy to pick up and play. If you like a good challenge, this game is very much worth it. :)"
,Recommended,242680,16895248,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,kasper,"Really fun action roguelike/lite with a ton of content already, and more to come. Totally worth it, even for Early Access!"
76561198049701314,Recommended,242680,17468652,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,& knuckles,"This game is ridiculously difficult, but I have never had the urge to quit when I die because it is so much fun."
76561198041371055,Recommended,242680,17472121,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Finn,A fun bullet-hell shooter that recieves frequent updates that balance the game and improve the UI. Many new features have been added since my purchase and there is tons of replayability with looping. The game is full of content and it is my belief that it is well worth the money.
,Recommended,242680,17473229,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Conduit,"Unbelievably fun and addictive, silly environment comboed with amazing gameplay and (what I consider) fair and balanced gameplay makes for a swell time."
,Recommended,242680,17360939,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Scuzzlebutt,"I've been playing this game for 27 hours now and I just recently reached level 5-3, which is like half-way to the nuclear throne.  Like the others will say, this game is hard, but damn is it a good game!  I'll sometimes sit and play for a few hours, and it never gets old.  Every attempt is going to be different, it's all about trial and error.  If you love intense rouge-like shooters, buy this game.  If you want a game you can always go to when you're bored, buy this game.  If you have a Steam account, buy this game!  You won't be disappointed.(Update at 32 hours of gameplay)I have finally reached the nuclear throne! (then ran out of ammo and died)  10/10"
76561198142068709,Recommended,242680,17699801,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Knightwing23,by far one of the best games ive played and there are so many secrets.
,Recommended,242680,17704276,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Bwhyte,"This game is awesome. It's hard, but not this is total bullsh*t hard. There are also a few bugs, but nothing major and only one that resulted in the game crashing with an error report. I feel like this game will be even cooler if/when it's finished. I just hope they don't release MOAR ITEM DLC $4,99 or WAY OP CHARCTER PACK DLC $9,99. I'd love to see this completed, and some achivements made into a thing. Preferably ones for the eastereggs and unlocking with a hint at how to get to it. I'm still not sure how to unlock the characters that say unlock by ???. I assume that's a We haven't come up with a way to unlock these guys yet so... just press that cheat button if you wanna use these guys. I would prefer a fight against them as if they were random bosses to appear in the game if you're having trouble thinking of things. Fighting a future character sounds like a good way to learn how I should/shouldn't be using them so long as they're actually going to have the same skills as the fighting counterparts. but now I'm rambleing with stupidity so I'll just go now k luv u bi"
,Recommended,242680,17682852,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ienjoypaste,"A surprisingly polished, spectacularly fun game. I've been following the title since it was ""Wasteland Kings"", and it's grown delightfully since then. The characters pack a lot of personality into a few pixels (and do so without annoying one-liners), the gameplay is tight and fast, and the challenge is brilliant. Add to that a very active update schedule, and Nuclear Throne is a must-try.8.5/10."
,Recommended,242680,22203758,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,XXXOPOШO,It just plays good.
76561198169006812,Recommended,242680,22200951,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,doodnix,"Nuclear Throne is not for the faint of heart. It isa challenging game with load of weaponry, but is largely replayable and reeks of variety. From its excellent sound design and music, to its unique pixelated art style, the game is definetly worth a try."
,Recommended,242680,22033033,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,HexSiege,"That one game where the developers included an achievement apologizing for including a weapon that you can easily kill yourself with.""We sincerely apologize"""
76561198118050216,Recommended,242680,22030633,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,R A F I K I,"I LOVE this game, its challenging and you'll die alot but its SUPER rewarding. I've played 18 hours at the time of this review and I can't wait to log more."
76561198022463029,Recommended,242680,22015033,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,West,"The game is great as a singleplayer game. However when playing local co op with a friend it is extremely punishing, there should be a game setting that allows you to split screen in co op and makes it more of a race against eachother to the throne."
,Recommended,242680,22016098,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,derps,This game is not only GREAT but it's also a wet dream made for a masochist.Like me ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).
,Recommended,242680,22020528,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,hav0c,"I just love it. Gonna keep playing until I reach the throne! And after that, just keep playing."
,Recommended,242680,22243078,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sneez,This game is very addictive
,Recommended,242680,22243157,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,thameslink,Why did I ignore this game for so long?Epic.
,Recommended,242680,22245425,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The Blue Bandit,I Love this game.... it is very hard but very fun!!!!
,Recommended,242680,22240559,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sun Tzu,"How can I resume how I feel about this game ? Oh yes, I know :I hate everything about youWhy do I love you ?Seriously tho, that's a great game made to ♥♥♥♥ you up the♥♥♥♥♥ go buy it already."
,Recommended,242680,13192847,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,bdell (OG: Original Godfather),"One of the best video games ever made in my opinon.  Hectic rougelike gameplay, a wide assortment of varied weapons, and a real sense of achievement when you finally beat the level you last died on combine to make an awesome experience.  Its already a 10/10 game and since the devs update weekly, it can only get better from here.UPDATE: The full version of the game is now out and thus the updates have slowed, however as the game is now feature complete I wanted to just update this review to say that after everything is all said and done this is my favorite game of all time.  Buy it and you won't regret it."
76561198096205809,Recommended,242680,22832524,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Man From The Internet,"Best game of 2016 so far. Would have been the best of 2015, but I only got it recently. Go watch 5 minutes of gameplay on YouTube, that should tell you all you need to know."
76561198263737636,Recommended,242680,22854345,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,RYF,Pretty good.
,Recommended,242680,22900601,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,"Ya Boy, Paradox","PARADOX'S NUCLEAR THRONE REVIEW FOR COOL DUDESGAMER PROTIP: skip to bottom of review if you wnat veredictVery few ""roguelikes"" (hate that term lol) tend to stand the test of time, and many become boring and repetitive quickly. This thankfully isn't the case with Nuclear Throne, which is one of my favorite games to date.Not very complex, you know? Spawn in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ desert, shoot some mutant mofos, advance to the nuclear throne, holla holla get dolla. That's what makes it fun, ese? You get quickly into action, but ya also die quickly in action. For real this game grabs you by the balls as you try to master it. I don't like the comparison between hardcore and casual vidya cause that's for neckbeards like who cares lmao, but NT I'd rate pretty far up there as a hardcore game, you gotta think fast, shoot fast, pop pop no time to lose ya dig.Mechanics are simple, as you advance levels, you obtain better guns, and get some whack♥♥♥♥♥mutations to wreck some more♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's as video-gamey as videogames get, and if you're tired of all the pretentious narrative crap then yeah you got the opposite right 'ere ♥♥♥♥boy. You can dunk thousands of hours learning new sick strats to impress all the cool kids on da hood, or just mess around with silly builds (dude 2doubleminiguns lmao).It does have its drawbacks doe. First of all its made on gamemaker which as we all know it's more barebones than a bucket of KFC after a one-night-stand with Gabe Newell, so it does tend to get very buggy at times, plus it's 30 fps for all ya weenies who care about this fancy computer crap. I myself make my daily life using a 10 fps laptop toaster about to die, but that's another topic.TL;DR yeah boy if you want real fun arcade twitchy action for RAD DUDES to shoot up mutants and over all have a hecking fun time, yeah this is for you dog.I rate it 9,2/10 SICK IRONIC MEME HATS"
76561198217116651,Recommended,242680,22966754,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,marcthecool44,This game is AMAZING! Hours of fun gameplay and awesomeness. I would really recemend this gamne to people who like rouge-like or pixle games. I would give it a solid 9.8/10!
,Recommended,242680,22922270,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TheAmazingBunzai,"Nuclear Throne is pretty great. While it simply seems like just a chaotic bullet-hell shooter on the surface, you learn as you invest more time into it that it has many hidden mechanics and all sorts of fun secrets.This game is hard. VERY hard. But it's great fun, even though dying alot is inevitable. With enough dedication, something in your brain will eventually click and you'll become a killing machine. Highly reccommend."
,Recommended,242680,22949025,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Jufin,80 hours in.  I still haven't reached the nuclear throne.  I still love this game.  I recommend switching in your own soundtrack for maximum carnage.
,Recommended,242680,22768224,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,water,"help I can't stop playingAlright but really it's extremely addictive and difficult. Really satisfying when you know you're getting better, but you're gonna die a lot. Losses are usually more common than wins so just deal with them ."
76561198171264431,Recommended,242680,22874421,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Polaris,"Most people would enjoy a quick but semi nailbiting game that's short and sweet. Then you decided to download nuclear throne... And you won't get what you were expecting. Nuclear throne is a game of skill and wittiness. You need to strategize and plan ahead to get far in this game. If you can't handle that like a lot of players don't, then I seriously don't recommend you buy this game. But if you enjoy a nice challenge and maybe even a little bit of saltiness In a game, then nuclear throne is definitely for you."
76561197970545133,Recommended,242680,16954552,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Phooferbar,"A shotgun blast of rogue-like to the face.If you like pointy-clicky ""just jump in and play"" type games, it's definetly worth a looksie.  Move with WASD, click to shoot, get guns, don't get hit.  Simple, clean fun."
,Recommended,242680,16956715,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,TinyHatLogan,This game is so great I give it a 9/11.
76561198084122120,Recommended,242680,16959709,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,EndSpectrum,This game is so fun it is amazing its in early access.  Probably the or one of the best games I have ever played :)
76561198087186954,Recommended,242680,16904899,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,SonicManiaLove,"This game is just AWESOME!!! Its got that old arcadey feel to it that makes you want to replay it over and over again! The Guns feel good, the gameplay plays well for the kind of game it is, and it looks cool, too!  IThis is a really good game for early access. I can't wait to see the finished product. I fully recommend this game if you like guns killing, randomly-generated rooms, explosions, unique character and enemy designs and great replayability! If your still not sure about this game try Wasteland Kings and see if make your choice with that."
,Recommended,242680,16871558,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kind Raccoon,"love this game best rouge-like i've played since risk of rain, the menus area bit buggy but i can't wait to see it more polished"
76561198023052884,Recommended,242680,16876060,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Yoshi,This game is AWESOME 10/10
76561198064103129,Recommended,242680,15296200,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Parsnipmaster,7/10 to much water-ign
,Recommended,242680,17149772,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Arkata,This game is so satisfying.
76561198046014937,Recommended,242680,17145839,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BakaDiPsycho,Baka's Guid to Nuclear Throne:1. Conserve Ammo2. Play the chicken3. Best not stand in front of your own projectiles (grenades and saws especially)4. Pick a mutant you like and become one with them5. Play the chicken6. Melee weapons don't run out of ammo7. OMFG SPACE POLICE CAN I PLAY ROUGE FOR LIKE 30 SECONDS8. Play the chickenNuclear Throne is a fun game that takes many attempts for you to learn the in's and out's. When you die you have to start from square one but you get a little bit better every time.
,Recommended,242680,17157689,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Not A Snarky Commie,"This is a 4-direction bullethell game which uses a diverse cast of characters to make the frustration of dying a lot, a lot more fun. There is a plethora of weapons and perk combinations (coughgettheshovelcough) and using each one is pretty satisfying each time you kill one of the mutant freaks that like to gnaw on your face."
,Recommended,242680,17130444,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Albert Einstein (On Crack),"My 2nd favorite game.It's REALLY REALLY REAAAALLY hard, also.They just buffed the final boss xd"
76561198107477707,Recommended,242680,16982620,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Grade A memes,never liked a game I was so bad at.10/10
76561198048755783,Recommended,242680,16925569,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,roboteka,Early access done right. 5/5
76561198089356970,Recommended,242680,16936418,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Bill Shy the Quiet Guy,Nuclear Throne. The famous game where you shoot people and they shoot back. (This has probably been the review for many people but hey it is a good game get it is this a run on sentence does it really matter it is in parenthesis.)
76561198116083672,Recommended,242680,16849005,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DisturbedLC3,"I absolutely enjoyed this game (and still do!). This game is different everytime you play it. Therefore you can play it infinitely and the game can still shock and destroy you. This game is not for those who are looking for some easy sit down and enjoy gameplay. This game is very difficult. I can't stress this enough. It may take 100+ hours in it to become ""good"" at it.-12 Characters-100+ Weapons-30+ MutationsThis is a recipe for a really long amount of potential  playtime.(I must stress this. This game can be very very frustrating. You will die. A lot. So be ready for that. Like it took me a long time to be good enough to reliably get out of the first few areas of the game.)So if you are looking for a difficult game, with a very very good amount of replayablility, then I say don't even hesitate because this game is probably for you. This game is easily worth the $13 it costs. I have certainly gotten my money's worth out of this game."
76561198039926516,Recommended,242680,16848536,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ikkju,"I hate this game, realy hate this game! Please, please, do one day upgrade, where I will be able finishing the game to the end, otherwise I will play NT even after my own dead, again and again and again :o"
,Recommended,242680,16085907,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Jagloid,"If you are going to get this, prepare to die. A lot. The learning curve is a little steep, with no explanation to most things. What does this fat bandit that shot out of a wall do? How did that chest just kill me? Most problems are explained by messing around though, so it's not a huge problem. And one you understand the mechanics, it's a great feel to run through levels destroying everything.Wide variety of characters, from extra healthy and defensive crystal, to makes-glass-cannons-look-like-tanks melting. This allows a wide variety of play styles to suit you. Weapons are balanced well, leaving you okay-good ones early on, and giving you unnecessarily murderous ones late game. Plus, development is streamed live if you want to know upcoming features (the game is updated weekly)."
,Recommended,242680,17211386,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Diz,"Incredibly fun top-down, bullet-hell, rogue-lite shooter. Developers care about the feedback from the communtiy, and there are weekly updates. This game is absolutely worth the cost, get it now."
76561198049003417,Recommended,242680,17214370,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Sebastian Fern,"Videos and images don't do this game justice. The best part about this game is the one most important part of a game to me: fun factor. If all you care about are graphics (alex!!!) then you won't find much here, but if you want to support the creators of super crate box among others and have a good time along the way, this is your stop"
,Recommended,242680,17214891,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,DEFAULT,"its a really good game with guns. be aware you will not reach the nuclear throne. ""its not fair. its not right."""
,Recommended,242680,20887065,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Papaya,This game is awesome!
76561198059413197,Recommended,242680,20887425,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,A E S T H E T I C S,"no popo tho(being serious)This game is a very fastpaced baby of Rebirth and Downwell on Ketamine. Is this game fun? I haven't gotten past level 3-3, and this has to be the most fun I've had with an indie game."
76561197984780494,Recommended,242680,20873363,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Flutterguy,"I had a lightning hammer, ""longer arms"" and ""impact wrist"" mutations and was hitting enemies from one side of the map to the other until a yeti like robot threw a car on me which exploded and killed me.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,20863385,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,C_Lab_Cpt2021,100 hours in a I still love/am bad at it.
,Recommended,242680,20859992,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Makku Makku,Oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god this is a good game like jesus christ I bought this game with very low standards from what I saw in the trailers but since I bought it 3 days ago I have already shelled out 24 hours into it according to steam I would highly recommend this game to anyone in the market for a game that will consume all of their free time
76561198262953248,Recommended,242680,20864497,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,abbey2584,"This game can get the hand moving alot but it's worth it. Very addicting and fun, please buy!!"
,Not Recommended,242680,20888483,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Echos Firebrand,"was a fun game. apparently a bug that causes the game to crash every-time you close the game also causes it to corrupt data, with no verifiable fix. note: that means uninstalling, reinstalling, verifying cache, nothings going to fix it short of reformating your harddrive. you can keep my money, but you'll never have my recommendation.Note: I liked this game quite a bit. but with bugs like this? if a triple A title came out with this kind of bug (See here: Aliens: Colonial Marines) There would be mass exodus. this game is no longer in early access. there is no excuse for this."
76561198024153413,Recommended,242680,21047320,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,FluFFy ToasterZ,i now want to flush my keyboard and mouse down the toiletthanks nuclear throne
76561197987942435,Recommended,242680,15394911,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Hman105,They had a good game.Then they put Lil' Hunter in it.
76561198141981449,Recommended,242680,21051374,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Waffle Masta,This is the best game I ever hated so much
,Recommended,242680,21067493,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,lock,"""Fear is the mind killer.""har har har. yeah this is a good one."
,Recommended,242680,20937530,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,oK LANdo,If this game was heroine I'd be dead!
76561198063950348,Recommended,242680,21057885,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,AyyKonDee,When I went to play the game on a different computer the game did not cloud sync and it was if I had not played the game at all. I went back to my original computer and the cloud sync seemed to work as in it deleted all of my progress (wasn't much progress but I had played for a while) and I basically had to restart and unlock characters again. The game crashes everytime you close it and it also crashes when you press co-op. The game is fun but these bugs probably should have been fixed before this release. I don't want to return it because I know this will eventually be a fixed game.
76561198107991807,Recommended,242680,21063813,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Crimson Communist,A short description of Nuclear Throne:-Dead-Dead-Dieing-Almost Dead-Shot a Dude-Died-Heart Attack
,Recommended,242680,21062403,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Palas,"Although it gets repetitive in a session, it's always fun to get back to it, great for killing time or if you don't know what else to play, not the greatest to play for long periods of time, 3/5"
,Recommended,242680,21110338,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,CringedChickenNugget,One of the best games i´ve ever played. It´s so damn adiccting.
,Recommended,242680,16002434,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,cuck,This game grabbed me by the nuts and took me for an addictive hardcore randomly generated top down ride.And I enjoyed and am still enjoying every second of it.
76561198103200739,Recommended,242680,20886157,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tiusty80,In short you're selling the time for a family and everything else to work on the most fun but one of the hardest games out there
76561198102918665,Recommended,242680,21073608,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Feathersnek,"Hey you! Yeah, you!Do you enjoy post apololyptic based games which put you in a wasteland to fend off hoards of mutants?Do you enjoy weeping as you get you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ripped apart by the first boss time and time again until you work out a strategy to beat him?Do you enjoy absorbing radiation into your body to get awesome mutation powers like a new stomach?Do you enjoy The Binding Of Isaac?If they answer to all of these is yes. Then you need to stop playing with Nuclear Waste and pick up a copy of Nuclear Throne! I assure you this game is worth every penny and has so much reply value."
,Recommended,242680,20912022,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Spooky Wonk,"The real boss of 3-3 isn't big dog,no..It's the three ♥♥♥♥ing snipers behind it."
76561198060048571,Recommended,242680,20009948,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dataylor1999,"While I don't have much time in this game yet, I forsee endless hours of bullet hell fun."
,Recommended,242680,20005452,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Commie,"Didnt know bullet hell had a twin brotherSeriously,this game is good and difficult. 10/10"
,Recommended,242680,20039660,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,YellowCellPhone,Yeah it's pretty good.
76561198116087540,Recommended,242680,19942823,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SUPERBOYPRIME,THE best indie game up to the day. Played this game for 103.3 hours and enjoyed every single moment of this rogue die and retry.
76561198101788558,Recommended,242680,19964651,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Omnilieon Kha,The Nuclear Throne is real....  Muahahahahahaha...and it is glorious!
76561198025423004,Recommended,242680,19973011,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,phil,"Spazzy, funny, hard, and cartoonishly ultraviolent. Also raises the bar for sound design in games."
,Recommended,242680,19885554,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BlackKnightKelso,As of the current patch game is auto crashing every time I open it... Not sure what made this happen but I'm using Windows 10 and yeah the game just won't even open for me right now :(
,Recommended,242680,20045109,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Delicious Cake,Pros:Very funExtremely addictiveChallengingBalancedPretty long runsMany weaponsCool character abilitiesCons:Portals keep spawning on cars and killing me...Favorite character: Steroids
,Recommended,242680,20038593,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Big Fidget Spinner,"Featuring such characters as Solid Snake the Fish, a block of cheese, and a walking illuminati eye that if you press B it spams a trap airhorn. You will not reach the nuclear throne. You will die in cheap ways. You will develop a personal grudge against almost everything. But you'll love every minute of it.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,19893337,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,King♣Kobold,"Fast paced, Difficult and Addictive. These are the three reasons why Nuclear Throne quickly became my favorite game. If you like challenging games and are not easily discouraged by repeat failures, the Nuclear Throne awaits you."
,Recommended,242680,19893401,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Click2winipod,And you thought Dark Souls was challenging.
76561198116707069,Recommended,242680,19909921,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Djdano,"Why are you reading this review when you just wasted valuable Throne Pwning time so get the game already !!wana say though if your a massive fan of Rogue-Like/Lite game's then you should have already gotten it,you won't be disappointed if you are you need to call an Ambulance ASAP and get to A & E and get a braintransplant . Then your all ready to go so go take the Nuclear Throne !! :)"
,Recommended,242680,19930110,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Cookieb⊕t,"♥♥♥♥ me its hard, and addictive"
76561197979225443,Recommended,242680,19903073,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,rice-cooker,"Game is NES hard, but way fun"
,Recommended,242680,19895671,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,sh.erb,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198119044193,Recommended,242680,19936461,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Redd,"Glad I spent 12 dollars on ""You Did Not Reach the Nuclear Throne""No, but really, this game is amazing, fast-paced, and really,really ridiculously hard.9/1010 if I might have reached the Nuclear Throne for once..."
,Recommended,242680,19884027,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,MitchFails,"Do you like being:The illuminati with an automatic crossbow that homes in on targets and can almost instantaniously kill them, while fighting off space policemen, orange spider crystals, and giant walking icebergs?Then you should probably consider buying this game."
,Recommended,242680,19918525,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,trash,Step 1 : Reach 3-? (ez pz you only need a screwdriver)Step 2 : Die or whatever floats your boatStep 3 : Play as Y.V for the rest of your life while spamming Bairhorn/10
76561198032299283,Recommended,242680,19918995,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Doommachine,"Buy it. Don't think about buying it, JUST DO IT! Easily 50+ hours of fun, dying, and laughing at how bad you are."
76561198108408872,Recommended,242680,18650517,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,dejp1993,"I love arcade games, and have other good ones on Steam like Broforce, Iron Fisticle and Gauntlet Slayer Edition.   This one is tied with Broforce as my favorite Steam game."
,Recommended,242680,13921512,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Regulith,"I know what you're thinking, because I thought it too. 13 bucks for some beta indie game? No sale in sight? Doesn't seem very reasonable. And for some people that might be true! But I really do think this game can be worth the money if you're into what it's offering, and it's offering a lot more than most.In its current state, Nuclear Throne is a VERY difficult roguelite. BRUTALLY difficult. It ain't no Binding of Isaac, no offense of course to Mr. McMillen. You play as one of twelve characters, each with their own unique attributes and special abilities, attempting to reach the Nuclear Throne and rule the post-apocalyptic wasteland. Only a handful of these characters are unlocked from the start, with the rest requiring reaching a certain point or doing certain tasks.Throughout your journey in this twin-stick shooter, you will encounter an array of devious enemies, each one eliciting a ""HE CAN DO THAT?"" as you stare in awe at your death screen. Plenty of weapons are scattered about the wasteland to help dispatch those baddies, ranging from Laser Pistols to Flame Shotguns to Gattling Bazookas. Weapons dip into different ammunition reserves depending on the type, keeping you on your toes and sometimes requiring you to ditch one for another if your aim isn't up to par. You can even increase your chances of finding better weaponry by leaving a level with weapon chests unopened.Your radiation will build as you defeat enemies and break open canisters, occasionally allowing you to mutate upon completing a level, giving you upgrades such as greater melee distance or vampiric kills. The special Throne Butt mutation varies in effect depending on character, enhancing their special ability. There's no time limit, so you can take your time picking off enemies if you so choose, but you'll often find yourself desperately scrambling for bullets or medkits amidst a mass of enemies and getting obliterated.Nuclear Throne has a daily run feature, pitting every player against each other on the same exact run; a similar weekly run feature that runs from Friday to Sunday and requires you to play with a set loudout with as many tries as you want; the game receives updates every weekend, and they even regularly stream game development to boot. Things are still being tweaked, but the game is very close to being complete and most of the features are fully implemented. Achievement hunters will be disappointed to find that achievements are not yet implemented despite appearing on Steam.The price may seem high to some people considering the circumstances, but I think playing a part on the development of this game is more than worth it, especially in a world where the average indie Kickstarter demands an extra $10-20 for beta access. Here's to the future of Nuclear Throne!FLÄSHYN!"
76561198006371925,Recommended,242680,17867142,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Broken,incredible fun :3
76561198138698015,Recommended,242680,18018081,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,TheSauce,Very fun worth it hours of fun to be had
,Recommended,242680,18036608,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Kim So ill,Some compare this game to the Binding of Isaac. That's a decent comparison but this game is much more on the adrenaline junkie side because it's very chaotic. Exponentially chatoic. And with guns. That makes it amazing.Pros:- good variety of characters with different abilities- great weapons- music fits the environment really well- adrenaline pumping- wonderful for challenge seekers- perks are noticed immediately- fish can rollCons:- I get crack eyes because I focus too hard
,Recommended,242680,18077751,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,iM FUCKING WILLY,The one True God.                                                                                                                                                                                   7 hours to reach first loop. Great replayability.
76561198069701371,Recommended,242680,14495468,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Prince of Heart,"Absolutely one of the best Rogue like games I've played in a long time. It's been fun to have a game where I can die and say ""Damn that was my fault I should have done this not that"" All and all I say this game is a 9/10 and I hope to see more"
,Recommended,242680,18607197,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Corleone,#verifycuz
,Recommended,242680,18623757,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Jaden,"fun, original, hard, unique 9/10"
,Recommended,242680,18574686,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ZapGaming,This game is really hard and rewarding. AWESOME BUY IT NOW9/10
,Recommended,242680,18829892,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dreemwalker,"I can kill a big bandit, a huge robot, become a triangle, and all only use a screwdriver. Best game ever, probably going to waste my life.10/10 would kill rats with screwdriver again"
76561198140794091,Recommended,242680,12269742,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,rhyno_vds,"Just an awesome game. It is really fun and additive. I love the music as well, it really gets you hooked!"
76561198091387761,Recommended,242680,7989209,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,AsianMagick,"This is one of the funnest games I have ever played and, as of right now, it's not even fully complete yet. For me, the appeal is in being able to simply pick up the game and just start playing. You can fit in small 15 minute sessions or just keep playing for the whole night. The premise is simple: survive, shoot anything that moves, and keep going.Each world has its own unique set of enemies and they have different attacks and all the weapons have different properties. And if that wasn't enough variety, there are a bunch of different characters to play as with their own unique special abilities that are activated with the right mouse button, have their own passive bonuses.The developers constantly release updates to the game, pretty much on a weekly basis. They also interact with the community and are constantly listening to the feedback that the community gives them. Those are some big pluses in my book.Is this game hard? Absolutely. You may stop playing from some frustration.... but then you'll come right back for more. I say give this game a shot, its worth the money."
76561197995161905,Recommended,242680,12417003,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,LAB Rat,"Insanely, horribly, wonderfully, delightfully infuriating.  This is one of the hardest, most frustrating games I've ever played, and I cannot stop playing!  You'll will die countless times of course, as is the nature of rougue-likes, but you will get the hang of it, and eventually you will have a good run.  You'll be thinking ""This is it, I'm finally going to make it to a new world!""  Then some crazy♥♥♥♥♥S*** will blow the F*** up and it will end as quickly as it began.  You will be upset, sad, confused... possibly engraged.  You will push you keyboard away and say ""F*** this, I'm over it, it really is impossible.""  You'll get up, go grab a drink or snack, but suddenly, though you're not sure why or how, you'll be sitting back at your desk starting a new round telling yourself ""THIS time... THIS time will be the time I finally reach the halfway point!""Great game, totally recommend.  Embrace the rage!"
76561198044060397,Recommended,242680,12419438,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Pickle In a Cup,♥♥♥♥ this game10/10
76561198134487166,Recommended,242680,12428464,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,AR,"Nuclear throne is the first succesful real-time rogue-like. Never before has this crossbreed succeded. It has many good elements of rogue-like, while it manages to keep the thrill or real-time shooters. You've got different weapons, many classes, and of course permadeath. Each time you will play, the levels, monsters and the loot will be randomly created.There is a huge variety of weapons, and each one has a different feel.  Shotguns are great in close quarters, crossbows are great for long-range kills. Even the starting weapon can be deadly if you use it correctly. Melee weapons mix well, as they don't depend on ammo, can take out a cluster of enemies and can be used to deflect bullets. What is more important, is that using the weapons is incredibly fun.There are about dozen different classes (characters), each one alters the gameplay significantly. For example, there is a specialized class for melee weapons, and another one the can blow corpses. The leveling system is nice, you get a perk after finishing a level and collecting enough XP (radiation). It is a bit annoying that you get to choose from four randomly selected perks, instead of giving the players to freedom to build their own class.From a technical point of view, even though the game is in early access stage, it has no bugs at all, and it has weekly updates. The graphics are 8-bit retro, but quite nice. The music is nice as well.The game is quite difficult (I haven't managed to finish it yet). At first you need to learn to play the game, understand its logic. Once you do, 10% of your deaths will be caused by your own mistakes, and 90% by a bad level design. Let me explain, each time that you start a new level, you are located in a random position. Sometimes, you will surrounded by enemies and will have no chance of surviving. Now, dying because of your own mistake or lack of game understanding is one thing. Dying due to an RNG is another, which will either cause you to rage or to shrug your shoulders. From my understanding, this could have been easily fixed by building an initial ""safe room"" at each level. Unfortunately, the community is outraged at a mere mention of this possibility(!). Hopefully, the developers will listen to the voice of reason.===Summary====Go ahead and buy this game, if you like rogue-likes, a bit of challenge or real time shooters, you will not be dissapointed."
76561198055384600,Recommended,242680,12434651,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Diziet,fun
,Recommended,242680,12299567,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,samzayin,You can be a fish. And shoot stuff. And roll.10/10
76561198038475070,Recommended,242680,12299571,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Rogue Kraken,*drools over awesomeness*Yeah I don't do reviews but this game was an instant and addictive hit for me.
,Recommended,242680,12366211,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Courier711,FUN AND HARD
,Recommended,242680,12369184,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,tanukihat,A fun little shoot-em-up with tons of explosions and a bunch of neat characters to choose from.  10/10 would mutate again.
76561198113703358,Recommended,242680,12321844,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,The Yellow Jihad (Gay Retard),"Great game! Its very hard, I have put in over 40 hours and have beat it 2 times!"
,Recommended,242680,19977063,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pedowl,"For sure worth it so far, I have had lots of fun. Its a great game to play a few runs through when you have a half hour of free time. The learning curve isnt to steep and it is a fun challenge, with many fun ways to play."
,Recommended,242680,19974447,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cold Man,"If you like a good challange, This game is for you. It is super addicting and fun to play, Not to mention its awesome sound track. This game is one of my favs <3"
76561198152696185,Recommended,242680,19968454,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ya boy Farage,Is anyone else reaching the Nuclear Throne? Or do I just suck?
,Recommended,242680,19952963,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,2Real,♥♥♥♥ing awesome nothing else to say!
76561198091071173,Recommended,242680,16095166,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Destruct,"I played this during early access and now, when it was in early access it was really cool. Its an awesome game.My only problem is that in early access the ""daily"" and ""weekly"" option was working, and nowwwwww,it doesn't load and it acts like it still in normal mode"
76561198042010398,Recommended,242680,19948618,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Jade,"Pretty great game, I wonder how they are going to update it."
76561198039953064,Recommended,242680,20269922,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Junkers69,People who say it is a good alternative to cocaine are not joking. 9/9
76561197997158081,Recommended,242680,20268010,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,JoeCastle,"Excellent fast paced shooter, works well with x-box controller"
,Recommended,242680,20265279,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AM34,"A++++. 16 hours in, still ain't beat it."
76561198061131977,Recommended,242680,20235647,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,saliva tear,
,Recommended,242680,20242391,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,biano,this game isn't nearly as hard as people make it out to be i managed to loop after about 8 hours which is probalby bad anyway this game is good
76561198048038807,Recommended,242680,19952524,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,D-fang,HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME MAKES MY♥♥♥♥♥♥ROCK HARD!!! But other than that the game is fun and has a simple objective reach the radioactive chair (Nuclear throne words come frim jeffotron) easy to pick up and Play but hard to master and huge difficulty curves around the corner hot damn is this game awsome
,Recommended,242680,20342588,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Turnip,this game has been sitting on my wishlist for over a year.finally pulled the trigger and bought it- so worth it!pros:fast flashy gameplayawesome random mutations at the end of each leveltons of different unique gunsamazing art stylecons:30fpsextremely hard (ok i suck)
,Recommended,242680,20342759,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,LegoLee16,Pro'sGreat game play. Real retro (NES) feel to this gameInteresting heroes and anti heroes.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of weapons and badge's to find and earn.Unique game you probably don't already own.Not an easy game but fun to play.Con's30fps lock and zero chance of fixing that due to the game engine.Goofy♥♥♥♥♥screen set-up so that it's the same game on handhelds as it is on PC. Watch some gameplay footage to see what Iam talking about.
,Recommended,242680,20329764,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[NaCl] Kahuna,"TL;DR - Light recommend at full price.  If you like Rogue-lites, pick it up.  If you don't, wait for a good sale.This game is a crashy, buggy pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and is 30fps locked...And yet still one of the best games of its type I've ever played.  I don't know what it does that's so right, but it truly does.  I'd probably discount it more often/sell it for less in its current state, but it really is an amazing game.  Would love to see more content and a few more items, levels, characters in free or paid DLC (or mods!), and would especially love to see improved stability and 60+ FPS ability/animations."
,Recommended,242680,20662628,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,J O E,FOOKIN GRATE
76561198086364259,Recommended,242680,20538140,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Baphomafyew,"Nuclear Throne is the best game I've played in many years. I love almost everything about it. However, as with most games to which a community is given Early Access, the matter of full release left a sour taste in some mouths. I will try to explain my reasons for including this in the review, but by and large the takeaway from my thoughts should be: THIS GAME IS BRILLIANT, BUY THIS GAME. It’s a more addictive, faster Binding of Isaac, and I say that as someone who returned to video games after 15 years purely because of BOI. During Early Access, the team diligently provided weekly updates which corrected, evolved and modified the gameplay and game features based on the feedback of the community. The community itself was galvanized by an independently run high-score ranking site ‘Throne Butt’ (The creator of which has now, in 2016, been brought onboard the project to run the official leader boards) which brought fierce competition for the overall top 30 high scorers as well as a place at #1 in the dailies. It would be remiss to not mention the fact that the dailies themselves have, as of the writing of this review, been broken for over a month now. We have been assured that this will be fixed. By and large, the developers are very willing to make the necessary efforts to fix bugs and correct imbalances— though perhaps understandably this willingness has diminished since the unfortunately rushed release date forced by SONY and the PS4 release of the game. This has caused a fair bit of annoyance for long term PC players of the game, who quite rightly regard the PS4 incarnation as a passing fad as opposed to the PC version which, with its strong community and Twitch.tv streamers like SleepCycles and DevilAzite, has much greater chances of being a long-lasting enterprise. All in all, the game is great, as I’ve said, and if the few instances of polishing required (the dailies and weeklies don’t work at all; the game crashes at random for a many players despite a plethora of fixes attempted by the community; textures are improperly layered, especially blood explosions; weapon sprites have rough extra pixels; bolt weapons can be fired through terrain; the mutation Gamma Guts only works some of the time etc.) are implemented promptly, it will definitely go on to be a rogue-lite equivalent in quality, value and depth to other classics of the genre, such as BOI, Spelunky, COTND and Rogue Legacy."
,Recommended,242680,12308780,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,southoftheborder,♥♥♥♥ YOU ASSASINS I HATE YOU ALL
76561198061285662,Recommended,242680,11360644,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mann of action,An AMAZING Rouge like!!You will LOVE this game if you like High action and bullet hell!
76561198079637554,Recommended,242680,12197277,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rainbow Cake,great fun
,Recommended,242680,12198243,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,metanar,"Easily /the/ best twinstick shooter I've played in years, with a wide variety of different characters to play that gets incredibly hard in the later levels. It's a roguelite too, if that's your thing."
,Recommended,242680,12255062,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Frank Poole,I've gotten way too addicted to this game
76561198119698156,Recommended,242680,12255359,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,GLYCH_,"GRRAAAAGHGH!!! 10/9, would recommend to all.  Fun times, and days of entertainment await.  Only for the price of 13 dollars!"
,Recommended,242680,12257655,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,maddabbo,Super fun super addictive. one of my new favorites.  quick fix....
,Recommended,242680,10722090,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Scuzzery,#POPPOP#NO POPO#$$$$$#VERIFYVENUZ
76561198074729430,Recommended,242680,12382216,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,KemaroFangs,This roguelike is very fun especially since the addition of new weapons / abilities / characters. The developer is extremely creative and knows the limits of his ambition / team size. If you want a top down action game where bullets fly and you can level up / pick new abilites perks per level then this is a great game to try.On another note. Vlambeer please add network co-op if you can. It would make this game even more replayable and fun.
76561198042311390,Recommended,242680,12104242,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,MrTorkxx,"Hours of fun!!!!! Was looking for somthing to play while i wait for BOI Rebirth, stumbled on this game and can't get enough of it so good.  Plus it's not even fully complete so it can only get better! 9/10"
,Recommended,242680,12072761,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,meodai,"Its the best top-down action game in a long time. Pure fun. Its one of those addictive, hard but fair games that make you come back over and over again. To me it feels a little like Loaded (Gremlin Interactive) and Take No Prisoners (Raven Software), in a puristic pixelart setting. <3 BUY IT. NOW"
,Recommended,242680,12438640,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Dela,"It's a funny game, but how far you comedepends strong on the weapons you find."
76561198057726724,Recommended,242680,12441236,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Buckle the fuck up,"Fair but hard. A roguelike where the RNG gods won't screw you over, unless you start a level surrounded by ranged exploding enemies with no cover. Again."
76561198062653799,Recommended,242680,12444070,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MattersofDarkness,I died at least 40 times before I beat the first level.11/10 3brutal5you
,Recommended,242680,14350315,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dyna Hole,A group of mutants and refugees.Goal: Claim the nuclear throne.Stress level: 99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999.Favourite combo: plant/YV + stress + SMGGame rating: 10/heart attack
,Recommended,242680,14318360,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Klazo,Very rouge like with some shooter elements 10/10 would buy agian
,Recommended,242680,14306877,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Ｊａｙ Ｏｗｅｎ,"Looks charming and plays very well. Every character plays and acts in ways that are extremely satisfying and the Enemies feel very well designed, albiet brutally so. If you have ever enjoyed any of the Binding of Isaac games then this might keep you busy until Rebirth's next expansion. I'd reccomend holding off your purchase until the the game is released proper if you have never played a rougelike however, as the game is very punishing for those who have had no experience with the genre and the developers are quick to update."
,Recommended,242680,14307422,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,e.,"This game is like everything I've wanted combined with the graphics I love to this day. Shooting, Top-Down View, Backstory, Unlockable Characters, it's just genuine fun. The game is hard, which makes me love it even more. STAR_ sent me to this game, and I'm glad about all of it.$12.99 well spent.#VERIFYVENUS"
,Recommended,242680,14285926,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dethelious,brrrrrrap bra bra bra brrrraaaaaaaaappppppp
,Recommended,242680,14287383,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,BungDuck,Over 1500 positive reviews and only 20 negative reviews....ya its that good. Insanely fun and addictive rogue-like.Great devsGreat GameGreat Updates10/10 Shouldnt have bought full mojo first...
76561198057399075,Recommended,242680,14290337,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,MonitorHead,"Love this game. Incredibly fun, replayable, and amazing and creative arsenal of weapons. Just wish Vlambeer would just finish the game already, but I do understand game design and development is challenging. Top-down bullet-hell fast-paced  chaos: I love it :39.6/10 would buy again, but I'm cheap, so maybe not."
,Recommended,242680,14291095,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dry Ice Factory,"The game is really fun. I'm really excited to see how it progresses. Lots of positives and negatives have already been listed and I don't think I need to go into all of that. But, there are two main things I'd like to point oout.This game will not hold your hand during it. It throws you into the battle arena and you have to fight for absolutely everything. So, what I'm trying to say here is not that the game is HARD exactly, but that it is unforgiving. It will not give you second chances.The other thing to know is that this is very obviously an Early Acesss Game. There are bugs: sound effects interfere with background music, weapon switches can make your character move to a certain direction (this may be unintentional but I'm not too sure), the bullet mechanics get a little wonky, and so on. These are all things that are not hard to put up with, but I'd very much like to see fixed as soon as possible.So, decide if this is for you before you buy it. It has A LOT of potential, and i do reccommend it, as long as you're okay with what I decribed above.Tl:Dr: Fun but a bit wonky.420/69 would dank meme again"
,Recommended,242680,13595682,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,G#0S+ R0BO+,"Blew me away the first time I loaded it up. The pacing is fast but smoothe, The music does a great job of creating the mood and feel of this game."
76561197973052125,Recommended,242680,14627682,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Lord Dyran,Awesomely stylish procedurally-generated top-down shooter.  And fun!
,Recommended,242680,14631264,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Hi I'm Sia,"Easily one of the most exciting, fun, and wonderful games I've played in the past decade. Recommended for every type of gamer, though I warn those of you who are impatient like me... you'll be replaying the first 5 levels over and over a lot."
76561198071576067,Recommended,242680,14634539,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Bot Squidly,"Genuinly wonderful bullethell roguelike which get weekly updates, but it is damn hard."
,Recommended,242680,7458175,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,[!?] WalkerNash,NUCLEAR THROOOOOOOOOOOONE.This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Please buy it.NO REALLY MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ERS THIS GAME IS GODLIKE IT DESERVES YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLARS.
,Recommended,242680,12030306,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Citrus,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is awesome
,Recommended,242680,11863270,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Killious,"Before going into my impressions of the game, I'd like to take a moment to address an issue that many gamers are struggling with right now. Early Access. There have been plenty of games that have burned customers throughout it's relatively short existance thus far. I am here to assure you that this will not be one of the games that evaporates into the ether. The devs have done a wonderful job of not only releasing weekly updates but actually streaming those updates on twitch! I give them major kudos for this and it's one of the things that made me decide to buy into Nuclear Throne while it is still in Early Access.Now, on to the gameplay. This is an extremely addictive game. Let's just get that out there right from the begining. Nuclear Throne absolutley nails the ""just one more run"" feeling. I frequently find myself planning on doing just one quick run and then realize a dozen runs later that I'm about to do ""just one more"". To me this is what the essence of these games is. It's quick, addictive, fun and keeps you coming, gladly, back for more.The weapons are diverse and fun and the shooting is satisfying. The game is brutally unforgiving and you can find yourself going from full health to dead in no time flat. That's one of the things that is appealing in this emerging genre of the ""action Rouge-lite"" or simply ""Rouge-lite"" or even ""Procedurally generated death labrynth"". Another thing that is appealing is the number of characters that you can play pretty much right after your first or second run.  Virtually every class is available to you almost from the time you boot the game. There is not a huge grind to unlock the next class. The only class that is not immediatly easy to unlock is the mystery class.In short, I wholeheartedly endorse this game and I hope that you will consider supporting these awesome devs as they strive to make Nuclear Throne the best that it can be!"
,Recommended,242680,11856013,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,toilet duck,"I am awestruck by the challenge, originality, and replayability of Nuclear Throne.  I think pretty much anything from Vlambeer is going to be great, but this game is the best!"
76561198077438949,Recommended,242680,11856423,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,VeteranGhillie,It's a good game :)
,Recommended,242680,11874866,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Crapricorn,"Super fun once you get used to the controls, the game is challenging, replay-able, has an amazing soundtrack, and it's still in development so there are still things being added weekly. One of my favorite Rogue-Likes next to Binding of Isaac."
76561198044264147,Recommended,242680,11935101,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Dr.Fried,Just one more run then ill be done....*150 runs later* ok ok one more...
,Recommended,242680,11953442,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Umbreon Boyz,"this game i highly recomend this game, it has high replay value and changes as you go."
76561198046868175,Recommended,242680,11958067,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Compliance=Neurotoxin,"Incredibly fast paced and challenging, awesome character and level designs and a wonderful soundtrack. Everyone who isn't in on this is missing out!"
,Recommended,242680,10541761,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,shoe3482,"This game rules. It has frantic, exciting action with randomly generated levels. It's like a faster, simpler Binding of Isaac. I recommend it."
76561198040250420,Recommended,242680,10542414,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Melonpan,Is rly good.
76561197978175337,Recommended,242680,11110823,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Darkin,"Nuclear Throne is a fantastic little action-shooter/bullet-hell/rogue-like with some RPG elements.  The action is both fast paced and bite size. Perfect for both short little breaks as well as longer runs.  It is deceptively simple to get into and play but has plenty of depth between the various characters you can unlock through playing.  Each one has their own little ability that lends itself to a variety of different gameplay styles.  So you got something if you love just shooting tons of guns to hack-n-slashing tons of people with swords and screwdrivers!This game also boasts a slick soundtrack that really meshes with the setting and pace of game play.  I know that even when I die and return to the title screen, I am ready to rock out.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,242680,10565156,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ohnosushi,"Fast, furious, and wonderfully stylized. One of the most addictive games i've ever played."
76561198115696365,Recommended,242680,10572613,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,mekirod,this a great game if you dont have it i would get
,Recommended,242680,10525445,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fullskel,one of the most fun games until you get rekd by exploding purple samurai and fireballs
76561197966963441,Recommended,242680,10497875,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Bimclunk,"This game is awesome! I can't see it getting worse. This is my first steam review, and I had to put in my word. Something about this game makes me feel like I'm a kid playing Duke Nukem, or Commander Keen, again, which is awesome."
76561198067387987,Recommended,242680,20740201,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,elderfish,"Nuclear Throne is an awesome game. It's fun, has a lot of content to unlock and is very challenging. Almost everything about this game is solid, from the fast paced combat to the many enemies and guns. So there’s no reason for me to waste your time going into depth about everything awesome about this game. Throw your money at Vlambeer and play this game! So I’ll go over the bad parts of the game, it’s lack of character and mutation variety.The game has twelve different character to play with, each with their own abilities and perks. But your playstyle doesn’t usually change from character to character. You'll find yourself taking the same mutations and the same guns, so your playthrough's might not differ to much from one another. Two characters are an exception to this, Melting and Rouge. Playing as them changes which perks you take and how the game operates, making playing with these two characters a unique experience from the rest of the game. While the other characters are unique and well designed, you’ll fight enemies in more or less the same way, take the same guns and take the same mutations. The mutations (or perks) in this game are cool, but have a clear order in how you take them. Some mutations are always better than others.This lack of variety is the game’s main downfall in my eyes, but it’ll still keep you playing for a long time and is one of my favorite rouge-likes out there. Despite all I’ve said, I give this a 9/10. :D"
76561198148461059,Recommended,242680,20820456,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,mattr0391,"This game is amazing, ending runs has never been this much fun"
,Recommended,242680,20725770,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Junko,772 Runs772 Deaths
,Recommended,242680,20707045,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Pepsiman,"Reached 2-1 as Crystal, 1 HP.Got a shovel to replace my wrench.Walks into rat and dies.10/10 would die by rat again."
,Recommended,242680,20777047,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,MCXI,"The Gaddam Throne > Family, Friends, Realtionships, Health, and Oxygen10/10 would asphyxiate again."
76561198060176572,Recommended,242680,20776189,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Shtoops,"Fallout: New Vegas meets Binding of Isaac, 10/10"
76561198112415791,Recommended,242680,20787506,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,LeoSushi,"This game is my new favorite rogue like. trumps The binding of isaac in every way. i have sunk 400 hous into this game, and im not planning on stopping. This game is fantastic, fast paced and super fun"
76561198068933900,Recommended,242680,20794018,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,arrowheart,"If had hats would be better, but still good. ;)"
,Recommended,242680,20797790,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Doc,its bretty gud
,Recommended,242680,20788305,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Egg,10/10 would die to a maggot again.
,Recommended,242680,20794642,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,deathmask_,I haven't been this angry since Dark Souls. 10/10
,Recommended,242680,19899488,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RC ϟ RowdyCJ11,Probably one of my favorite games on Steam. Thank you Vlambo for the constant attention to a great game.
76561197970677404,Recommended,242680,20785967,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,[DM] Blob,"If you're looking to kill a few minutes blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, look no further. Nuclear Throne does 'gun feel' like no other shooter I've played. It's tactile, meaty and other adjectives that describe that buzz of blowing stuff the hell up."
,Recommended,242680,20790659,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,gaynorvader,"This game is a fast-paced top down shooter with a smattering of rpg elements. Each 'run' is short and satisfying, the unlocks are nicely staggered, keeping the interest alive as you progress. There are boss fights which can be extremely challenging and many secrets to be found.Well worth the price tag, a lot of fun to be had on this game and perfect to spin up for a quick run when you need a bit of stress relief! :)"
76561198066136010,Recommended,242680,20304330,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,danopkt,"Fun, intense action rogue-like. The couch co-op is awesome once you get used to the controller setup."
,Recommended,242680,20497441,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,robotinator,this game used to be very dull. but now there are so many cool characters and enimies you have to get this game. one of the best indie titles i have played. + very good art and music.
,Recommended,242680,20569268,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Wryit,"Nuclear Throne is so addicting that when you think you've quit, in 5 minutes you'll be playing it again.That's all I really have to say about this game."
76561198076565908,Recommended,242680,20569485,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Zorafirus,"Nuclear throne really has everything one could ask from a rougue-like game, it has a lot of content, a lot of secrets and a ton of unlocks, even though some of them are very cryptic and im not really sure how you could actually discover them without a walktrough even then its really fun triying to get 100% and actually discover what the boses are and what new levels you can go trough on diferent runs, it has a lot of replay value and would really recomend it for the price that it currently is at. 5/7 would recomend again :p"
,Recommended,242680,20566675,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Fanatick,"Wow this game took me by surprise! so addicting, im getting better and better but i still cant reach the nuclear throne. but someday i will conquer the throne!Hurry up and buy"
,Recommended,242680,20571040,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,yung shame,"I love this game so much, it's been sucking up a ton of my time lately and I play it even when I don't intend to, which might not actaully be a positive thing. The sole problem I have with this game is that about 1/3 of the time when I start it up, I get an error message and have to restart. On times that this happens it's much more likely to happen again when I try to restart it, and it sometimes even happens when I'm midgame, which is not okay. I don't really know what the issue is, if it's on my end or on the developing end, but either way it's incredibly frustrating when I can't open up this fantastic game."
,Recommended,242680,13789051,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dylan GY✌,This game is really awesome. While being sick this was the best game I played that kept me entertained! :) Gr8 game m8. Just don't fall 4 the b8 or u will b l8.
,Recommended,242680,13790246,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,_4,this game is great it gives me less time to talk to my family!10/10
,Recommended,242680,13791964,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zap Blaze,"simpy put, it's one of the best twinstick shooters i've ever played. great soundtrack, good visuals, good design, randomly generated levels, tons of characters with their own strengths (and only one with an actual weakness, thank god), quirky weapons once you get past the second area, steep difficulty curve, roguelike elements and a level up system....if i had to describe it, it's like a better binding of isaac, with a better soundtrack and a better level generator.... and better controls. eat your heart out, isaac.to this game's credit, though, it doesn't really just hand you upgrades at random like isaac does, either. it gives you weapons and ammo. you earn your upgrades by leveling up and then you get to PICK between four at random. no upgrade has a drawback. that doesn't make the game easy, though ,because after the first world, it starts to look more like a bullet hell with enemies sprinkled around than a twinstick shooter.this game is HARD. but it's challenging. you get better. you go farther. it's what a good game is supposed to do, which is  condition you through practicing with its mechanics. that's the difference between a game like this and a game like.... isaac or  in some cases risk of rain.. those games give you success based on random factors for the most part. you need to have a good setup to guarentee you can go far. this game gives it to you based on your own skill and your ability to react quickly with precision. the better you get, the farther you go. consistantly.that's not to say those games are bad or not fun. they're a couple of my favorite games. but this game takes the roguelike formula, applies it to a twinstick shooter, and makes you play it like a platformer. it's a marvelously well put together game, and i wholeheartedly reccomend it. don't let the pricetag deter you. it's one of the best games on steam right now, hands down. it's just a little difficult with a pretty average starting point that ramps up to insanity very VERY quickly."
,Recommended,242680,13815820,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Reggie,Best waste of life ever8/8 gr8 m8 plz r8 not 2 l8
,Recommended,242680,13816245,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,JtTorso,"A lot of people like to compare Rouge-likes to The Binding of Isaac, so I will too. It's a lot faster than Isaac, while runs do tend to last about the same amount of time there is a lot going on in Nuclear Throne, you have to worry about which enemies to take out first, find your ammo boxes, rads (exp), and any weapons all while dodging bullets. There are many guns and they're all very distinctive and different and all have advantages or disadvantages, there are also mutations that work as perks when you level up. Much like Isaac this game is HARD, it is not an easy game at all, you will die many times before you progress, it's a good challanging game. Finally, this is a very light game, it's very easy to pick up and play for a little while until you die 5-6 times and quit for an hour and then repeat knowing mutations and weapons is good but it's not like Isaac where you need to know everything about every item incase your Quad Shot messes up your Poly (original Isaac).In short, this game is easy to learn, easy to pickup, and is a good challange."
76561198018614527,Recommended,242680,13818088,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,graysondamballa,rocks hard - not easy - the difficulty reminds me of hellfire on sega megadrive :-) very difficult but you could make it if you try hard enough - game mechanics work great and every character feels a little bit different
,Recommended,242680,13822643,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MetzTZ,"Very well made retro-style game, great to play in short sessions, 10 OP CHICKENS/10"
,Recommended,242680,13677420,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lemons,Fantastic! Some of the most fun I have ever had playing a game. Very challenging and very addicting.
,Recommended,242680,13677493,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Shanerion,"Nuclear Throne is the shining example of what Early Access is capable of at its very, very best. This is one of the best games ever made, and it's not even in full release yet. The developers update the game CONSTANTLY. The developers are very transparent and interact with the community.As for the game itself, it is a Top Down Shooter/Rogue-Lite. The variety of weapons, levels, enemy types, and playable characters, mixed with the seamless procedural generation make this game not only a blast to play, but infinitely replayable as well.The only warning is, this is one of the most difficult modern games there is. You will die, you will die repeatedly, but once you finally crack the Throne and loop for the first time, the sense of achievement is palpable.10/10, I'll be playing this same game 20 years from now, I'm sure of it."
,Recommended,242680,13679454,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,botanist ✿,"Ten different characters, dozens of weapons, fact-paced action, rad character abilities, procedurally-generated levels... basically everything I could ever want from a game.Feels remarkably polished for a game still in Early Access. Very happy."
76561198021990510,Recommended,242680,13681948,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr-Hades,"Super fun and addicting! The unique art style is well done, and the game controls well.  I enjoy playing through this again and again."
,Recommended,242680,13695449,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ThePolygonHeart,This game is amazing
,Recommended,242680,13698294,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AceXI,"You can play as a rolling-land-fish that can use guns.You can play as a naked guy pumped up on steriods that can hold two miniguns.You can play as Black Rogue that has cops chasing after you.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~There's a lot in this game for a person, it's a good roguelike title, even in Early Access. This game in its EA state gets an update every weekend, and you can expect balances, new weapons, and new enemies from time to time. This game has very few bugs and a lot to look forward to. The game also offers a wide range of basic to unique weaponry, from a simple Machine Gun to maybe a Laser Minigun, or even a Grenade Launcher-Shotgun, or perhaps a simple/complex flame shotgun. There 24(?) levels that go in a pattern like 1-1, 1-2, 1-3 to 2-1, and to 3-1... Basically 3 Levels in the same area and one in an underground area (Sewer, Caverns, etc.). And then it goes to Above Ground levels. It goes until 8-3 (?)I haven't made it that far, heh).~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Get this game for a good roguelike expierence."
76561198017055869,Recommended,242680,13775819,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zanian0,Much shooty fun.
,Recommended,242680,13776188,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DJ All of the above,Someone gave your favorite NES top down shooter meth and you have to talk it down before it chews your face off.It's pretty good.
,Recommended,242680,13776625,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,kirkland signature girl,"It's written all over your faceIn bruises and scrapes, in bruises and scrapesIt's written all over my faceIn bruises and scrapes, in bruises and scrapesSix little bullets sitting in the clipThe gun goes click, the gun goes clickFour little bullets sitting in the clipAnd one won't miss, the gun goes clickThe magazines act like they know meSorry, homie, you don't know meThe press always act like they know meSorry, homie, you don't know meIt's all right, you'll be fineJust hold my hand while we die"
76561198007096935,Recommended,242680,13777294,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,IxIIIxIIIxVII,Awesome game.  Challenging and rewarding.  Every play through feels fresh and its frequently updated.  A great addition to the genre.
76561198131244250,Recommended,242680,13748709,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,r1p,It's made with game maker... but it's okay.
,Recommended,242680,12359940,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,kold,"press ""B"" to airhorn"
,Recommended,242680,12956297,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,grabietka,"I like how, none of the negative reviews are making any sense at all."
,Recommended,242680,13781835,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Creep,"A fun and quick rouge like shoot 'em up. No game is the same as another. 1 run you could be finding crap weapons on the floor, the next you find extremely better weapons. I recommend this game to everyone but people who can use the mouse very efficiently will find this game easy at first."
,Recommended,242680,13230650,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Teef 🐏,yung venuz is tha bes
,Recommended,242680,13330337,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,cheesetor,"Nuclear Throne, or how I name it: ""Why the ♥♥♥♥ did I die?""-Simulator.11/10."
76561198033038366,Recommended,242680,13333188,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Kestrel,"Vlambeer does it again. Polished gameplay is back and more fast paced than anything they've done before. If you played Luftrausers and thought it was fun but a bit bare-bones, don't fret. All the classes here are not only easily unlockable but handle different enough that the approach to the game changes with each class. The unlocks are good, the visuals are nice, and perhaps most importantly for an early-acess title, the developers are constantly looking for feedback and release updates regularly.Pros:+ Gameplay is crisp and enjoyable+ Hard but rarely unfair+ Classes are different and FUN+ weapons are plentiful and unique+ ammo system: if you play right, you won't run out, but is punishing if you waste ammo.+ Graphics: retro but very smoothCons: (very subjective)-  HARD to beat the game, some may think this is bad- Co-op is fun but could use lots of polish (hard to see enemies)- Controller support is there but the gamepad feels very awkardFinal:9.5/10 solo7.5/10 co-opIt sets out to do what it wanted and does a great job along the way. Fantastic game to drop 2 minutes or 20 hours on"
76561198042050447,Recommended,242680,13240334,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Redsmitn,"Extremely good, addictive and fun rogue-like shooter. Worth it SO SO much.And in addition to that, the game is in constant development - patches every weekend for more than a year already!Tons of weapons, GUN GOD himself, hillarious outrageous deaths from 1 explosion, fun, and hardcore packed action - that is a Nuclear Throne for you.P.S. Nuclear throne DEFINITELY exists."
,Recommended,242680,13243409,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Thkiwi,[MLG HORN BLARING] POP POP ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S
,Recommended,242680,13456244,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ixenzo,Like Isaac with guns. And is actually hard.
,Recommended,242680,13477157,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,You are too strong >///<,A game where you shoot things. They throw cars at you sometimes and you instantly die. There is a boss that can blow up on you killing you instantly after you kill it. Green dogs that can jump at you can kill you instantly.Casuals and people who only play football manager steer clear of this.
,Recommended,242680,13825736,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Danja,"Very fun game and very difficult.  Nice selection of characters too.  But I feel that the game is lacking when it comes to the characters 'mutations'  all but 1 really have the same effect on every monster, I would hope that a couple dozen more are added by the time it is fully released.  The option for co-op is awesome and could help extend value."
,Recommended,242680,13831838,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Niiue,"This game.. Is just awesome. Buy it. Now.And remember, fish can roll."
76561198085797884,Recommended,242680,13837237,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,IamnotJackieChan,"It's a top down shooter that has the vibe of an old nes game, but the style and finesse you would expect from a modern release. I really like the pixel art in this game, and overall the game provides a unique atmosphere with its art direction. The gameplay is straightforward, but challenging. It is a permadeath game. If you die, you have to start over. Just like old school Mario, except you only get one life. You DO get health, but it is not very much. It is set in a post apocalyptic wasteland in which you play as one of many ""mutants"" who are trying to reach the Nuclear Throne.There are plenty of characters, each with their own unique active and passive abilities to help you survive the almost always overwhelming hordes of enemies (One has a shield, one can slow time, one eats guns for bullets and hp). While blasting your way through the levels you will accumulate radiation from defeating enemies and opening containters. This radiation is what you use to level up your character. Upon leveling up you can choose from four randomly selected ""mutations"" on the loading screen for the next level, which apply passive abilities to your character to give you an advantage while fighting through the wasteland.One of my favorite parts of this game is the multitude of weapons. There are assault rifles, shotguns, a crossbow, and... Well I don't want to spoil the surprises too much, but there may or may not be various laser weapons. There are also melee weapons, which are actually very useful because they can deflect enemy bullets.The weapons chests, weapon drops, mutations, enemy ratios, and levels are randomly generated. Sometimes you start out behind cover, and sometimes you start out surrounded by enemies who proceed to instantly slam you. Sometimes you wind up with sweet weapons and mutations and sometimes you get the ones that you don't want or don't really apply to your character. Sometimes there is just no way to dodge a bullet or get out of range of an exploding car even though you just beasted through six levels without a scratch, and you have to start... All. Over. Again. Sometimes this game will destroy your soul and make you cry yourself to sleep, but with a dead look in your eyes and tears streaming down your face you will pick yourself up and whisper, ""One more time."" Because this game is well done. the character animations, character skills, enemy types, and weapons are very diverse. The art style is great, at least if you are a fan of pixel art, and the gameplay is simple and enjoyable."
76561198089834302,Recommended,242680,13838607,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Loupri Órite,This game is very good
76561198095723026,Recommended,242680,13838730,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MooglePirate,"I have not even fought the damned throne yet and I keep comeing back, brutal and insane with wepons such as the flame shotgun, the double minigun and shoval, why wouldn't you want to play it?"
,Recommended,242680,13839888,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Voice of the Fleshless Eyes,"I could go on and on about how much fun this is. but, just buy it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,242680,7552063,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,░▒▓fatebeats▓▒░,"Going over the top. I love this game. Some games I appreciate on an artistic basis, some games I appreciate on a gameplay basis, and some games I appreciate on a philosophical basis; this game brings them all."
,Recommended,242680,13841920,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nah chos,really addictive  game  keep it comin  vlambeer. it's fun with thousands of ways to play different runs.It can be  hard as well but who wants a easy game. i enjoy it when a game fustrates me because i'm the type of person that loves a challenge. And here's the kicker the game is in beta and it's  still fun as all hell. I look forward to the day the game is finshed.
,Recommended,242680,13382258,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Okay™,"Nuclear Throne combines Binding of Isaac's randomized levels and upgrades with Hotline Miami's terrifying, frenetic combat. It's a total joy to play."
,Recommended,242680,13396546,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Snarbæ The OG,"This game is too fun!!! It updates constantly and adds new stuff to try! It is hard when you first play,but if you play it for a good bit of time it will get pretty easy. When first playing,I recommend playing Chicken or Crystal. One of those two. But you can play whoever you want to play first. You can have a lot of fun playing this game! Hopefully you try it whenever you can."
,Recommended,242680,13418365,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Argonaut,"This game is amazing, and it's not even done yet. It feels simliar to Binding of Isaac in that you proceed through a series of randomly generated levels and acquire interesting upgrades that change the way you play. It's more of a bullet hell shooter, though. It's blisteringly difficult (and this is coming from someone who plays a lot of difficult rogue-likes and rogue-lites), and incredibly satisfying, and it's only going to get better, as updates are constantly rolling out.My only mild complaint is that the difficulty is seriously almost unmanageable, and it's not uncommon to die due to imbalanced level generation. I don't necessarily think it should be toned down (except for the rare unavoidable death when starting a level right next to an exploding enemy), but an easier mode would make the game a lot more approachable.This is definitely Early Access done right."
,Recommended,242680,13421949,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Spence.rat,"This game has a great vibe, and it provides great times. Shoot em up and be forever frustrated, but enjoy the frustration, need the frustration. Mutate."
76561198054783039,Recommended,242680,15346800,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Bann,"Very fun and addicting game.  Unbelievably replayable as you try and beat that level that has been previously crushing you with better weapons and strategies.  The character lineup also adds a large variety with the already large number of mutations that you earn through leveling up.  One mutation can change the way you approach the next level.  For example, impact wrists can have you going full melee as you fling dead bodies around. or plutonium hunger can let you play a more defensive play style with being able to pick up rads from a distance.  I just wish that there were a few more mutations to choose from because you often find yourself taking the same ones time after time.  Overall, solid game with fun bullet hell moments, engaging fights with pretty varied enemies, somewhat randomly generated levels and many character and weapon options to spice up the somewhat repetetive gameplay.  Good price as well."
76561198052287090,Recommended,242680,15318284,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DrLuke,Fun and everlasting.Favorite char: CHICKENGet it. NOW.
,Recommended,242680,15320732,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Fr34kfrag,I cant stop pressing the 'r' button!!!
76561198098418071,Recommended,242680,15328473,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Finnian Is Tired,this game is AMAZING!!!!!!! So hard yet so fun! (But i wish the ost was open for purchase)
,Recommended,242680,15331485,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,taosd,"Another great title from Vlambeer. Addictive with a nice variety in the mechanics. I personally find it very difficult, having only reached the throne one time, but, I keep coming back. Great music, great design, fantastic weapon variety, and I love how the game continues to be updated every week (give or take)."
,Recommended,242680,15126865,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,barlie7,Really fun. It would be awesome if they made a campaign with a story 10/10
76561198066722261,Recommended,242680,15129542,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,mixtapexchange,"if you don't play this game, do yourself a favor & get it.this game is beautiful, it's bitter-sweet, it's challenging, it's insanity, it's options.choose your mutant & fight your way through to the throne.heavily involved in the nuclear throne community, come join the fun!"
,Recommended,242680,15198392,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,syrito,its the bestg ame buy it
,Recommended,242680,15198551,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ThatFenis,WHO DOESNT WANT TO BE A FISH THAT ROLLSSS IN THE DESSERT  AND KILLS THINGS????????? BEST GAME FOR RADIOATION 101101001010110100/-1
76561198072494905,Recommended,242680,15203519,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,smiley694u1,"First off let me tell you this game is HARD!  I'm a bit older (started gaming in the atari 2600 days) and my reflexes are not what they once were, but I can't stop playing! Everytime you die you get that feeling you can do better the next run instead of getting frustrated. Very addictive and well worth the 13 bucks!"
,Recommended,242680,15259215,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Gary #23,An amazingly simple and addicting rouge like. Hours of fun and radiation await you.
,Recommended,242680,15259533,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Yod,"This game is great. Is it finished? No. Is it a game that is playable? Absofrigginlutely. It has busted my balls over and over, it's one of those games you get, and play whenever you feel like you can take on the challenge. I still have not beat this game, but it gives me a good hour or so of stimulating gameplay every so often after my brain cells have been numbed by games that are simply not challenging enough."
,Recommended,242680,15259550,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,The Slugger,"*Pop Pop*This game is insanely fun, with every character enabling a different playstyle.Also, you can play as a money-obsessed MLG white dorito.Would reccomend to anyone ready for a challenge."
,Recommended,242680,15397004,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Farseer Celestian of Iyanden,Never won.Never got past the Scrapyard.Don't care.This game is amazing.Review ends.
,Recommended,242680,15412728,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,PosthistoricDino,"I will review this game with an experience I had while playing it:""NO TIME FOR COMPREHENSION""*shoots everything*"
,Recommended,242680,15416337,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,szilassim,rip
,Recommended,242680,21239796,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,"Cargøn, lord of file cabinets","Legitimatley the game that I think that, for your money, gives you the most content. It's a fun♥♥♥♥♥roguelike with so many combinations of characters, mutations, and weapons that you can play it forever, plus looping makes it so that you decide once you're ""done"" with the game. It's extremely fun and vlambeer definetly deserve your money. One thing, don't wait for a sale.there are none.ever."
,Recommended,242680,19380914,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Small,⊂_ヽ＼＼ ＿＼(　•_•)                yes/<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　Lﾉ(_／
,Recommended,242680,21187633,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mouth Sounds,This game frustrates me....AND I LOVE EVERY MINUTE OF IT!!!!!!
,Recommended,242680,21292325,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,XeMurder,"I really enjoy the game.Or at least I used to, until they ruined the Chicken, and unlock rquirements for half the characters were changed to be near imposible without looking them up."
76561198006168165,Recommended,242680,21285402,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Tetsuo,Frustrating but so GOOD!
,Recommended,242680,21283665,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mostafa Diaa,Pixels. Guns. Monsters.This game is definately on crack
,Recommended,242680,21287672,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Clown Meme,I hate myself for buying this game.
,Recommended,242680,21295676,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,crxw,got killed by a bandit with one bullet as meltinggot achievement becaause i diedbest geam evar 69/porno(to be honest it's really cool)
,Recommended,242680,21330753,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Sam,Amazing game
,Recommended,242680,21325455,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,brankenstein,"If you still want to have a life, don't buy this game.If you do, welcome to the cult! Please enjoy your stay. You can never leave.Pros &ConsPros:-High replay value-Cool characters-Great soundtrack-Lots of explosions and such-Daily & Weekly challengesMatters of personal preference:-DifficultVerdictI myself will surely be playing this game for a long time. I know I have few hours in it, I'm sure they're enough to claim that this game truly is incredible.420/10 forYung Venuz."
,Recommended,242680,21261063,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,HonestlyNotAGinger,"This game has provided hundreds of hours of entertainment for me. Since I first started playing in in March 2015 I have seen many updates to this game and watched both the game an the comminuty grow.The game, while challenging, offers such a variety of experiences, with 14 playable characters, just over 100 weapons, and a unique levelling system with random perks each time the game has a style to suit everybody and it's this uniqueness that lends to it's longevity as you are always experimenting with the thousands of combinations available and it's unlikely you'll end up playing the game the same way twice in a row due to the random elements of the game.This longevity may die down a little now that the weekly updates have stopped since the games release, but I see no evidence that Vlambeer plan on abandoning it and fuly expect future content patches to the game to add to it's already vast worth.The game for many people is extremely challenging to begin with and you might find yourself quitting out of rage or simply sheer annoyance, and there's no help I can give to this but keep trying; once you break the games difficulty you will find yourself in the midst of one of the most enjoyable experences out there for top-down shooters.This game is worth more than it's price and I would recommend it to anybody who ejoys rogue-lites and top down shooters.Good luck!"
76561198044033256,Recommended,242680,21266305,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,EyeMtheStron9est,Super fun. Fast paced. A lot of 'getting good' room. Enough unlocks that are also hard to get to be settled.
76561198167070338,Recommended,242680,21265527,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Sleep,"you can be aDead body lootin', mutant shootin' Venus youthin',Rootin' tootin', Luger totin' Ruger loadin',Bullet throwin', way too long grenade holdin',Triangle."
,Recommended,242680,21255768,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,OmNiOsiS,"I don't care what your impression of this game is at first glance, it's better than that.Could do with online coop  but still an amazing game to pick up n play when ever for hours on end and never gets old."
,Recommended,242680,23858887,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LiamMitchell,Amazing game.Once you have played through and got the gist of it I highly recommend this mod to play with friends over Lan / Internet.https://yellowafterlife.itch.io/nuclear-throne-togetherIt fixes some annoying things to making the game even better.
76561198119611734,Recommended,242680,23690971,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Conrad273,"Very fun rogue-like, would definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys games such as this one."
76561198045683681,Recommended,242680,23877763,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,케이크얼굴,"This game is amazing, its weapon systems are so well balanced and everything is done so well. you can tell a lot of love was put into this. 5-1 is impossible tho"
,Recommended,242680,23626559,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Special Meme Fresh,"Nuclear Throne is a very hard game, whether it's fair or not is up for debate however. It is way to easy to have a cheap death, though the game is designed around that, and pretty well at that. It's weird how I can like a game that is DESIGNED around one of its biggest flaws, a really risky move on Vlambeer that it's hard to say whether it paid off or not. The amount of things in the game that can kill you instantly are astounding. I am not certain, but I believe there is an instakill hazard of some kind on nearly every floor, or at least a very difficult to expect attack that will most likely hurt you for a bit. Its hard to get invested in a run because of this, but it is still really easy to get invested in the game because of how quickly you can start a new run. I personally believe this worked very well, and to help get my point across, I am going to compare and contrast it to the game I have to absolute most time on, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth.In nuclear throne it is really easy to take damage, and only a little bit easier to recover relative to BOI. In BOI, the most damage you can take from a single enemy attack, is one full heart, and you can have 12 hearts, AND you get a prolonged period of invulnerability after each hit you take. However, the average complete run for BOI takes around 30 minutes, more or less depending on your luck, the average run for NT however is around half that, less depending on your playstyle. The biggest factor on the time of a run for BOI is luck, while playstyle is the biggest factor for NT. I would say either makes me feel better to complete, as BOI can be so satisfying to watch the perfect build come together, while nuclear throne can be so satisfying after every boss you beat, knowing you earned the victory. I wouldn't say either is better that the other in that sense, so I will still come back to each at some point, so its nice that they both work differently.As I said, in NT it is really easy to take damage, and sometimes, the damage you take is not deserved. The biggest example being the cars, especially in the scrapyard. Where after defeating every enemy in a level, something that can happen really quick if you aren't paying attention, if you are near a car and the portal taking you to the next level appears, the car explodes and you likely end up dying. Even worse is it feels that the gold rimmed carthat is used to get to Y.V's mansion to receive a golden weaponseems to explode sometimes at random, making unlocking Y.V's B skin that much harder to get. The closest thing in BOI to this is probably curse of the blind, or curse of the maze, where you can accidently pick up a run-ending item, or accidently get shoved into a room you weren't expecting to and being damaged. Worse being the former, however it is the only time a run can be ruined, and even then there is a chance of recovery.In short, this game is more skill based than Binding of Isaac, however it seemed to try way too hard to be dfficult to the point where it risked losing some of its fun factor. Its not fun to die out of no fault of your own, but its so easy to start a new run, that it 'almost' doesn't even matter. Overall I reccomend it, probably not as much as Binding of Isaac in the end, but I still enjoyed it despite any of its flaws, no matter how much the game insists on shoving them in my face.Overall Score 7.75/10"
,Recommended,242680,23627416,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Gig,"A great ""Coffee Break"" type game that can also be played for long extended periods. I find myself playing this while just needing to pass a couple minutes or waiting on something else, and other times I'll sit down and just try to loop for as long as possible, or give as many different runs as I can. Very little progress is tracked between runs, but that's okay - and also a bit less stressful, in a way.The game does not hold your hand nor pull any punches - you will die on the first screen multiple times, you will die numerous times before even getting halfway, you will die many times before reaching the throne.But your perserverance will be WELL rewarded. Death is a great teaching tool in this game, and being able to wade through the countless losses will not only net you cooler/more badass/more interesting guns as you get farther along in a run, but as you get better and better you'll slowly find yourself becoming a god of the game capable of badass maneuvers you never thought possible before. Though that first screen will still kill you from time to time, getting into just the right positions will make you into a God of Mayhem.This game sat on my wishlist for a while because, though I was interested, I was hesitant about buying the game at full price and wanted to wait for a sale. I'd played Vlambeers games before, and while I liked them, didn't see much special in what they were making. I eventually caved and bought it at full on a whim one day, and have not regretted it whatsoever. The money was well spent, and if this game were to never go on sale it'd still be a steal.I wish other AAA non-roguelite games had this depth of weaponry, character development, and gameplay. This honestly is a rare gem of a game, and they're still working on it.If you're still worried about not wanting to play because you're not ""good enough"", trust me - this game will make you good enough whether you want to be or not.My only wish is that they had a demo. There'ssomuch that can't be ""got"" about this game through words and video alone."
76561198260307509,Recommended,242680,23603205,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Spratso,"OMG I <3 this game and it really is one of the best indie games i will ever purchase if you are unsure about whether or not to buy this game, go aead and try it out! Don't hesitate to play this and you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,242680,16180169,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,supersayangoblin,"what can i say, except that eye's b-skin makes him wear those old 3d glasses"
,Recommended,242680,16243114,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Creampie,"Very Nice and extremely addictive. Requires you to know all about your surroundings. Make one wrong move and you get extremely behind, but the game rewards you with HP kits here and there and ammunition.Music is catchy: 8/10Gameplay (and weapons) is varied: 8.5/10Controls are easy to handle although at times I end up dying just to pick up a weapon: 8/10Replay Ability: 9/10Overall: 33.5/40Recommended"
,Recommended,242680,16243346,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Taser,i have no words for how amazing this is
76561198172220273,Recommended,242680,16245844,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Stephen Paddock,"Its ok lol can i have refund xdddddSrsly doe its a pretty ""rad"" game.hah, get it?Cuz radiation and stuff"
,Recommended,242680,16246813,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Made With Real Eggs™,"I have never had a game where dying happens as often as it does in this game where I have not felt frustrated after a while.  However, with Nuclear Throne, I always feel the need to press that ""r"" key again.  The game itself is brutally difficult, and can feel unfair at times, but for the most part it gives off the impression of being beatable.  The weapon variety is great, but if you're like me and you suck, you get pretty sick of seeing nothing but screwdriver and pop gun over and over again.  The devs do a great job of making the game feel fresh with their weekly updates, and this game certainly does not feel like it is in development.Should you buy Nuclear Throne? I answer with an overwhelming yes."
,Recommended,242680,16293936,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Militarized Goldfish,its like if the matrix didnt have bullet time and was set in chernobyl11/10 would be turned into swisscheese by radioactive ratata again
76561198125410933,Recommended,242680,16263152,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,$ᴛᴀʏ Ðᴀɴᴋ,"This game is addictive liek cocainie, awesume charaters, and OP AWESOMENESScrows and lil hunter suck♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,242680,16438194,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Venntrical,"This game is great to those who relate challenging to fun.If not then you're going to have a bad time.I am one of the people that likes to have a challenge in a game instead of a pure cakewalk.  I have put about 20 or so hours into it so far and I've had fun in every single one of them.  With high intensity battles against maggots, robot wolves, and crows with smg's there is a lot of fun to be had.However, in the game, you only have one life to go through all of these stages.  This brings the challenge forth to you.  If you think that you can handle going through the bullethell in one life, then this is definitely your game.Whether you will like or dislike this game is all up to your own preferences.  I would recommend buying it."
,Recommended,242680,16477968,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,King Wizard,"Perfect blend of a fast paced shooter mixed with randomized levels, weapons, and mutations to keep you entertained for hours"
,Recommended,242680,14846827,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,chiken,Dream-crusher simulator :) 10/10
,Recommended,242680,14859429,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,›Bonje,"You get to shoot things at a high pace, keeps you awake for a tad bit longer if you tired and dont feel like sleeping. A must have, will keep you coming back for more, even if you are really mad at the fact that you are bad. Incredibly satisfying."
,Recommended,242680,14895122,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Baalarios,Choose Character.Play.Die.Repeat.10/10
,Recommended,242680,15037083,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,niko,"this game is a challenge! endless procedurally generated stages with Crimsonland-like action. wonderful art. some of the best video game music I've ever eard (hit the rusty car with a screwdriver and usEitto hear my favorite track).Nuclear Throne is trying to kill you and will constantly surprise you with new ways to do it. it's not a game for people who don't like their progress taken away from them. I suggest to watch some playthroughs to get a sense of the difficulty.it took me around 70 hours of playing to loop (replay the levels in hardmode with your current character). that's a lot of 1_1, and despite that, this is still one of my favorite games ever.as far as early access goes, I think the game is in an exremetly playable state. the core content is there, and I rarely encounter bugs. Vlambeer is great about frequent patches about every two weeks."
76561198014745927,Recommended,242680,14875425,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Dod Bo!,"This game is pretty damn amazing. It's straight to the point, its hard, the soundtrack is fitting, and it's just outright additive. I recommend this game to anyone doesn't matter which genre of games you're interested in because this game will still have you playing it just due to it being a difficult game it will force you to want to clear a stage. 5*"
,Recommended,242680,14783245,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,✪ hugo,Its good if you wanted to take your anger out on your aunt who forced you to eat 4000 apples at once. Good Game.
,Recommended,242680,14784636,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,lich bitch,"um... wow. this game is probably the most fun i've ever had. genuinely fantastic, amazingly tight controls, great balancing and so full of challenge. definitely worth the admission price, i haven't stopped playing since i bought it. go get it. now."
,Recommended,242680,14797074,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,yiannis_GR,Played this game high and loved itwould 10/10 get high again
,Recommended,242680,15016611,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Feces__Beetle,great game
,Recommended,242680,15025406,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Tha Roughes' Toughes' Cowboyyyyy,"This game is amazing. It is a combonation of The Binding of Isaac, Team Fortress 2, and a little bit of Sonic the Hedgehog. No, actully a lot of Sonic the Hedgehog. This game super fast and if you can't keep up with it, it's gonna bunch you in the groin and make you try again."
76561198116146457,Recommended,242680,10225646,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,meatyman,"My new favorite game. GREAT work Vlambeer. I recomend this game to anyone who plays video games, perfect addition to my collection. This game has great item variety, amazing characters, smooth controls, absolutely gorgeus pixel art, and overall great game feel."
76561198151021581,Recommended,242680,15007999,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,apcrmobile,"I won't sugar-coat it, this game is FUN as HELL. The amount of difficulty is just right for each level so that you have to choose the right mutations to get an edge on the game. The different characters to choose from really gives a bit of...flavor to the play style. Chicken has to be my favorite character thus far, mainly because I'm a melee fighter in most games. Apart from most games, this is really unique aside from just being your average, everyday dungeon crawler. If you're thinking about getting this game, I salute you. (Granted, I've only ever gotten to the first Sewer level, but I still love it!)"
,Recommended,242680,14265287,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TahBahFah,"A game that is impossible to put down once you pick it up. Incredibly fast-paced and difficult, but I never seem to get too frustrated with the game because I'm always ready to give it another go at reaching that Throne, which I have yet to do. There are a ton of mutations and guns to keep combat exciting and make yourself more powerful as you face harder and more intimidating enemies.Vlambeer is putting so much love and work into this game and it really shows. It's really great to see a company approaching early access the right way and showing how serious they are about making this game the very best it can possibly be, and it's already so fantastic."
,Recommended,242680,14349488,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,misingleters,Broke Isaac's throne and cut his hair. An action-roguelike Hallelujah.
,Recommended,242680,14370159,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Catharsis,"One of the best games on Steam.If you want something to compare it to, think of it as a cross between Binding of Isaac and Hotline Miami. Extremely fast paced combat and appealing graphics combines to make a fun and hectic experience."
,Recommended,242680,14346849,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,The Pope,"AMAZING GAME! if you enjoy the binding of isaac you will love this game. My only issue is that i enjoy watching twitch streams in the background abd when i alt tab the game exits. The game is also easy to get a hang of the controls, but VERY difficult."
76561198090084504,Recommended,242680,14299982,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Bobin Bagner,Like Binding of Isaac with guns11/10
76561198050438953,Recommended,242680,14330958,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mog Kwar,Nuclear Throne is mega fun!The core gameplay loop is super fun and has some fancy mechanics to offer.It is pretty hadcore but I like this fact. The controlls feel quiet smooth and the pasesupports the gameplay very well.At the end of each level the player gets sucked through a black hole. This sometimesdenies the possebility to switch items or collect EP. Also the fading time of item is quietshort.A multiplayer would be nice. Also the slomotion of the chicken guy feels a litte OP butthats a small issure.I had super fun playing Nuclear Throne with finds (rotational) and I really recomend buying itfor every one who looks for entertaining games.Keep on Vlaamber you're doing well!
,Recommended,242680,14332314,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Sweck,"Hard as nails to learn, but also fun as hell to learn."
,Recommended,242680,14358553,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dusk,"Best game 10/10In an honest opinion, it reminds me of Binding of Isaac but with tons of Guns and Perks a.k.a MutationsI would Recommend this game to everyone!"
76561198034908082,Recommended,242680,14361017,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Bane,Play this.
76561198109516985,Recommended,242680,14173423,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,and1,"The first hours your learning what each class does and how to use them and their pros and cons, then you get a grip of the game as well as, what to do in different scenarios which make it learn from your mistakes game and a cruel experience there are many moments where you are yelling of fury and others basking in glory. So if you do want a challenge and a fun pick up for a few minutes game and give it a go have this in mind THIS GAME IS HIGHLY ADDICTIVE! In my opinon It is definitaly worth every penny!I personally would rate this game 10/10"
,Recommended,242680,14174963,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,a plastic chair,"If you like the Binding of Isaac, buy this game. Its a challenge all the way that will leave you tearing your hear out. Can you reach the throne?"
76561198019389560,Recommended,242680,23372828,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Avatar,Legit.  Sometimes everything must die.
76561198138870146,Recommended,242680,23442872,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Chino1992XX,"Fast pacing and challenging. I was recommended to play this game and it's quite enjoyable, yet frustrating when my heart is beating fast in staying alive until surrounded by enemies and lots of projectiles to dodge, but it's still fun. Not only that the areas change rather being in the same one to restart in and a ton of toys(guns) to play with. A thumbs up for this game :)"
,Recommended,242680,23257175,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,omori WHEN,"Challenging and rewarding rougelike experience with a ton of attention to detail and replay value. Much faster pace than say, for example, the Binding of Isaac. Devs are really great people and actively interact and collaborate with the community.Definitely worth the money. Pick it up if you're into this kind of thing."
,Recommended,242680,23231979,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Dros Hyrozan,"Nuclear Throne is a tough-as-nails twin stick shooter that tends to lean towards very difficult, forcing you into situations only some of the most battle hardened Veterans could scoff at.It'll have you dying and hammering the retry key in a vain attempt to do better, laughing on its titular throne mocking you for even trying an attempt two.I can only hope someone in the future allows this game to feel pain, and makes it crawl through a microwave tunnel lined with barbed wire and salt, with lemon juice sprinkling down onto it."
76561198000464258,Recommended,242680,23148673,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Duo34,Well you know what they say... you did not reach the Nuclear Throne.
76561198087713157,Recommended,242680,17510802,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Argyle,"Nuclear Throne is somewhat retro with its 8-bit aesthetic and arcadelike gameplay, but that's basically where the simularities end. It's an enormously intense shooter with varied gameplay, weapons, and play styles. Despite being 8-bit the characters and world drew me in well enough, and it lands in the sweetspot of difficulty where it's hard enough to demand time without being so hard that it becomes frustrating."
,Recommended,242680,23185415,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,YRMYJASKA,good
,Recommended,242680,23183654,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,The Estranger,"""shoot at things until they die"". It's a suggestion in the game, 'nuff said.Really, if you like top-down shooters, this is a no brainer"
,Recommended,242680,20795357,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,The Pink Menace,Why is there no medium-sized boss?
76561198228326332,Recommended,242680,21693085,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Benderew,"After playing over 100 hours of this game, i 100% recommend this game to anyone thats into the rouge-like genre. Nuclear Throne is one of those games that you have to practise and practise to get any good at it. If you decide to buy this game, prepare to die multiple times and a lot of rage (frequent breaks are recommended!) This game definately has a learning curve to it which can take over 100 hours (im not kidding).If theres one negative thing i can say about this game is the unlocks. The game is very fun to play, however the unlocks (the crowns) are mostly boring to get and use and dont really help out your run all that much (except for crown of blood!), however being able to unlock a second character skin for each playable character is fun to do. If you're new to the rougelike genre, then definately buy this game as one of your first."
76561198122998693,Not Recommended,242680,21011291,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Edups,This game is fun however after only a few hours I felt it to feel the same every run and really boring. I didn't want my money to go to waste so I tried to force some hours into it however it just made me even more bored of doing the same thing over and over. Although this game does have some nice features such as all the items and unclokcing the characters and it's a very hard game I still couldn't seem to enjoy it.
,Recommended,242680,10175834,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Neurochemically Imbalanced Memes,This game will destroy you. And you'll enjoy it.
76561198023356825,Recommended,242680,7473125,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Mattmanhu,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hold on for the ride.
,Recommended,242680,7569717,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Jonesy,2 minutes is all it takes to become knowably awesome.
76561198049032227,Recommended,242680,7584343,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,crimson,"If title Crimsonland tells you anything - don't miss this game.If you're a fan of roguelike - don't miss this game!In fact, you shouldn't miss this project anyway!"
,Recommended,242680,7415447,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,DigitalScars,"Fantastic little shoot'em up. Extremely addictive and very hard to put down, has that ""just one more go"" feel to it."
,Recommended,242680,7424447,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,ShakeWutYoMommaGaveYa,AWESOME
,Recommended,242680,7429481,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,モエモエ肉ーたん,"Nuclear Throne, the finest indie you ever played, made of the finest rogue-like-The Cream of the Crop-""IT'S GLOWING."" Nuclear Throne has an extra, no-so-secret early access . Everyone knows that early access purifies and so 20,679 gamers say that Nuclear Throne is more satisfying for your gaming.""It's glowing."""
,Recommended,242680,10243153,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Propane and Propane Accessories,"Best game I've played since Isaac. High replay value, ridiculous fun. Although it's clearly ""Early Access"", the game feels complete, with only certain features missing and placeholder icons for certain things. Totally worth the purchase now to get an inside look at how this project will grow."
,Recommended,242680,10259404,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kendrick Lamar,Wow. Not even an hour played and already blown away. A must have for any bullet hell lover.
,Recommended,242680,10260754,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Ariamaki,"Fast, frantic, brutal, and a lot of fun. The game controls like a dream, the characters all have a unique feel, and the visual charm is very high. VERY Early Access however, so be wary of bugs, heavily disabled menu features, and a lack of some major aspects. Despite all of that, it's already in an incredible place, and it can only go further from here."
76561198116720887,Recommended,242680,15872390,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cartman Bruh,You can be a chicken with a katana sword 420/10
76561198011980799,Recommended,242680,16235063,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,tottenham56584,"This game is so freaking addicting and frustratingly fun. I always die in the stupidest (my fault) ways. I get what I feel is the perfect setup and then run in and get killed, only to immediately hit R and restart. I wasn't sure if I would like Nuclear Throne or not, but after watching Northernlion's dailys I decided to pick it up and it has been my game of choice since."
,Recommended,242680,16159045,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Yamitus,"This is one of those early access games, that are actually better than most games that are actually in Steam already. The fact that this game is still under development is great, 'cause it ensures that bugs will be fixed, game will be balanced and of course most importantly much stuff will be added. Buy it it while it's still cheap; I'd guess that price goes up once early access is over."
,Recommended,242680,16160400,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Nietzsche (PW),THIS GAME IS NUMBA TWO!WALUIGI NUMBER WAAAAAN
,Recommended,242680,15632218,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Rogue Cogue,"Plays like a very fast-paced Binding of Isaac. Graphical style is quite nice, music and sound design is AMAZING, and weapon variety is insane. The devs also update it with new weapons and expansions weekly.  Still in Early Access, but for fans of the genre, it's a well polished and incredibly fun must-buy. 10/10 would Pop Pop again"
76561198043358651,Recommended,242680,7735948,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Lone Wolf,"Celkom haluz hra vie pobavit na paru hodin zbrani je kopec a levelovanie a vyberanie si mutacii tiez nieje zle, postav je tiez celkom pekny pocet kazda je ina a s kazdym treba zaroven aj inak hrat hra sa stale aktualizuje cize aj to je jeden z dovodov preco sa stale k tomu vratit :)"
76561198124235633,Recommended,242680,15284461,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Jujugoesbeastmode,"Nuclear throne is one of the funnest games i've played and can become almost addicting (in a good way).You see, Nulcear throne is like eating crab/lobsters, (or any sea creature with a shell) at first, Its hard, tough, and pretty scray-lookin' but then you keep messing with it and discover a deliciously awesome experiance that gives you a warm feeling in the tummy. (not to mention the awesome secrets and the horror character) The weapons are rediculously fun and creative, the enemies are awesome, each character w/ their own active and passive abillity, and  developers that are commited to making this game at it's prime. And all that awesomeness for just 13-15 bucks."
,Recommended,242680,15211038,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Big Bear,I love it but I suck♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242680,15646053,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Canada Man,Randomed a daily run.Randomed Rogue.Threw computer at the wall in rage.10/10 Would play again.
,Recommended,242680,15648110,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,soulthekid,step 1: watch a few videos on this game                   step 2:go to wiki                    step 3:decide if u like the game                step: buy/ignore it...............................buy it its soooo good
,Recommended,242680,14326451,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Karmelyth,iunno
76561197984397079,Recommended,242680,15431371,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Excel 2010,"It's been about two weeks since I started playing this game and I love it.this game is hard/fast/replayable.although it is in early acces at time of writting, I don't see what will be improved except somes placeholder icons.and yet there is an update every weeks that bring new things like new monsters.The play sessions can be really short making it easy to play when you feel like it.If there is an indi game to be bought right now, this would be it for me :)"
,Recommended,242680,15537961,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TheUberPikachu,"Very fun indie Rogue-Like game. It's hard in the beginning but once you get use to it, it is really fun blasting enemies with the new guns you find in the dungeon. :D"
76561198048560829,Recommended,242680,15522991,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,KYUBEY,Hard but addicting.
76561198099637301,Recommended,242680,15524118,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Tom Cruise (real),Why do you not own this game yet?
76561198040602074,Recommended,242680,15513273,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,:3,"One of the best rogue likes ever, I play this game so much it gives me head aches"
76561198043755291,Recommended,242680,15519538,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Fuzzification,"Crazy, challenging, and above all fun, nuclear throne is a game that is worth your time and money"
,Recommended,242680,16089109,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,PUNX,"i first played this game torrented it was on my list but i was like meh i tried it and being ahuge fan of hotline miami i intintly fell in love with it its so unique, fun, bullet hell its the perfect game and i feel it is under apreciated for its genius."
76561198058053268,Recommended,242680,13599586,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Titan,This is honestly crazy.
,Recommended,242680,13601723,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,rabbithats,"Don't judge my review by time played, as anyone who's played this knows that the game is quite the challenge and plays very, very fast.  I love it for that, as there's no story, there's no bullcrap cinematics.  It's simple graphics, simple mechanics, and merely dares you to survive with one of it's variety of characters.  Can't wait to play the multiplayer sometime."
,Recommended,242680,30495347,Posted: 13 March,all,Jack Wilebane,Unlocking five characters at once made me feel the most achieved I've ever felt.20/10
76561198024370110,Recommended,242680,13372289,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,furtheraway,"Just the right amount of depth to pick up and play quickly, or dig deeper for more strategy.The controller support is very appreciated!"
,Recommended,242680,11901761,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Atticus Zed,"Note: This is an Early Access Review, but this game is just about completed anyway. Everything is fully functional, and the devs are just fixing up some aesthetic discrepancies and adding a few more weapons, and it looks like it'll be all finished up. So don't let the Early Access scare you off of this one.Really great game. I can hardly tell this is still an Early Access (although I have to say that I've noticed flashes of giant cyan squares here and there that suggest an unfinished sprite set...)The gameplay is super smooth and fluid, and the fact that there is no notable cooldown to any of your character's skills only boosts the fluidity and fast-paced gameplay even further. $13 is a little rich for my blood, but that's only because I haven't bought anything on Steam for over $10 in months, and I've been a little spoiled. It was definitely worth the price tag.While all the gameplay mechanics are brilliantly crafted, though, I DO have a couple gripes about this game. FIrst off, being a procedural death game, you can expect to die. A lot. So my largest problem is the overall predictability of the game. The general scenery and progression of the game does no changing from playthrough to playthrough, so it can get kind of dull after a while.While on the subject of dying, a lot of the deaths you'll experience can feel really cheap. 8 health LOOKS like a lot, but once you get shot by a grunt and notice it takes away 3 points of health, all sense of survivability will quickly be lost on you -  meaning it can be pretty hard to gauge what will kill you if you're hit by it and what won't. Even at 12 health with the Rhino Skin enhancement, it still seems like a lot of things can just instant kill you. I can't even count how many times I've died in the Wasteland because an offscreen assassin came up and chopped me in half. If it wasn't that, it was an explosive death, often because I slightly misjudged the distance between me and a Sniper.Even so, I've never really gotten mad with the game. Annoyed, yes, but never genuinely mad."
76561198074152626,Recommended,242680,13513945,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zaceratops,It is a great game. Started playing in early access and it was worth buying then and now it twice that good. I highly recommend this game.
76561198062304955,Recommended,242680,13639625,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chris-With-A-Z,I love this game....you probably will too so buy it. Its worth every penny
,Recommended,242680,7561897,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Unfather,"This is an unbelievably fun game and it's not even done yet.I love the character/class variety and the way each plays completely differently from the others (and not just in the ""this guy is strong and this guy is fast"" sense). The environments are small and sparse, yet it perfectly ushers you into non-stop action. There are plenty of interesting, fun gun types, and the unique character abilities make combat even better, as well as unique; one can dodge roll, another can detonate carcasses and another can root enemies.Think action-RPG with a touch of (reasonable) bullet-hell, not to mention everyone's favorite buzzword ""Rouge-like"", and you've got Nuclear Throne. Definitely a buy, right now, before it's even finished."
,Recommended,242680,15148513,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DIOBRANDON,This game is a ton of fun and very fast paced. The different characters are neat and I like that they all have abilities to make them feel different rather than just looking different
76561197975270839,Recommended,242680,10519165,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,LuchiousCaine,"An absolutely insane, rogue-light, bulletstorm, indie game! Trust me when I say this game starts you off easy, because once you get past Big Dog, things only gets worse from there on out!You have a variety of characters to choose from that all have their quirks, some better than others and each requires an entirely different strategy to master. I recommend starting out with Crystal first, since it starts off with a higher health pool and the ability to reflect bullets. (Be vary it doesn't block melee completely)As any game of the rogue-light genre, once you die, you DIE and lose all progress from that one match, but the mutation variety is extremely fun to mingle with, as you get to choose a random passive feat whenever you level up, that somehow strengthens you. I do hope they'll add more!"
76561197983732123,Recommended,242680,10675590,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gilben,"I love this game. Then I play for 15 minutes and I hate this game, mash the esc button and surf the web to distract me. 2 minutes later I'm back at it, this time I won't pick up the bazooka and kill myself with it, I swear!If you like Vlambeer's other stuff (Luftrausers, Super Crate Box) even a little, get this. It's a proceduarally-generated-bullet-hell-rogue-lite (think Binding of Isaac meets Geometry Wars)  with a ludicrous amount of screen-shake (every. single. shot.) and excellent sense of humour. Each level lets you choose a mutation-based skill, and there's some clever stuff (like ""impact wrists"" or ""longer arms""). The characters all have unique traits that heavily affect gameplay such as :telekinesis, dual-weilding, makes-corpses-explode-with-your-mind, etc.It's still early access, but the devs are updating it LIVE on Twitch every week, so it consistently gets updated. I've already pumped 50 hours into this game and it's not even done. But I WILL get to sit on the Nuclear Throne!!! (It totally exists!)"
76561197986525430,Recommended,242680,10878753,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pyrannosaurus,"Early Access done right. I've had this since it became available, and continue to come back for the weekly updates. It has that special something in the gameplay that just feels ""right"". Very difficult but fair and satisfying. Contender for game of the year for me."
76561198055356861,Recommended,242680,12665201,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,GIBS ME AIR JORDANS,"My overall rating: 88/100Great for short bursts (with occasional long adrenaline-pumping, mind-racing action-packed runs depending on how experienced you are) of gaming. Gets updated almost every week, developers are cool as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard, get used to walking into bullets trying to dodge 99 other projectiles. Huge amount of fun, responsive weapons. Feels good to waste a hoard of enemies. Lots of different areas to explore, with mini-bosses, bosses, secret areas, inter-dimensional police, a handful of unique characters, tons of mutations, crowns, and an assload of enemy types with more content added every week. Plus the game has sick pixel art and a crazy soundtrack.If you like fast-paced bullet-hell permadeath action shooters with random/chance elements, pick up this ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ALREADY. The developers are basically giving it away, and if you are into game development, watch Vlambeer on Twitch MAKE THE GAME LIVE. They will consider all feedback, if it's not nonsense.This game is sick m8, just get it already, okay?"
,Recommended,242680,12687082,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Nin_,Big Bandit killed me on 1_1.10/10 would recommend.
76561197978222282,Recommended,242680,12724686,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,olivaq,Hours of hours of fun failing miserably at reaching the nuclear throne.
76561198029175565,Recommended,242680,12728348,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,vintagelead-TR,"Old school c64 shooter game reanimated and modernized in 2014 for PC, brilliant !!!"
76561198106035237,Recommended,242680,12752519,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Savage,"Nuclear Throne is a fun rogue-like shooter where you play as serveral characters whom are unique and different to play, it's quite  difficult at the start, personnally anyway, but can still has entertainment even for the not so pro players. The game offers many weapons and enemies along the way towards your journey...To The Nuclear Throne.(Updates are quite frequent including;New Characters, weapons, levels, and enemies as well as common bug fixes so bugs aren't usually an issue)"
,Recommended,242680,12824717,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,「æros」,BEST GAME
,Recommended,242680,12839246,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,JWonderChung,"Nuclear Throne is a phenomenal game that doesnt cease to please. No matter your skill level, the game constantly brings new things into the mix to help you or to harm you ( every single week). Also regardless of skill, this game bring endless hours of fun. Unlike other Rouge-Lite games, as of now, this game provdies 10 unique characters all with their own play-styles. Want to be a tank, Crystal is for you. Enjoy high-risk playing, Melting will suit you nicely. Nuclear Throne does an excellent job of incorporating a character to suit practically anyone. Nuclear Throne also adds a feature that is different than most other games of it's type; ammo management. Just when you think you are about to beat Lil' Hunter and make it to the throne room, you can run out of ammo and it can mean almost certain death. This can influence your gun choices drastically, is it really worth taking the triple machine gun? Or the Gatling? As opposed to a crossbow? On the subject of guns, every gun feels relatively different, not like the developers were lazy and reskinned a gun and called it new. Overall, Nuclear Throne does a great job of challenging anyone while still making sure that it is beatable. I would personally reccommend it to anyone i know, as Nuclear Throne provides something for all types of Gamers."
,Recommended,242680,12651089,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,OSDemo,"Bought this to hold myself over til the new Binding of Isaac game came out and never expected such an amazing piece of work. Controls are fluid and fun, characters are interesting and very unique, MANY guns and bullets. I've played over 10 hours since I got it this week and I can't stop. This game is great."
76561198003124891,Recommended,242680,12956807,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Master of Muppets,I cannot stop playing this game! It is very challenging and randomly generated so if that is not something you are looking for beware. I love this game it has a wester/postapocalyptic feel to it and it does this flawlessly. Amazing game!
76561198016477730,Recommended,242680,12768543,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Hedge God,Friggin' loved it. Great game to just jump into and play a few runs and equally as good if you're trying to get a full play-through done. Very challenging and rather rewarding. Lots of explosions and blood. Good times.
,Recommended,242680,10872735,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Redderick,"If you are a fan of fast paced, concentration needed, frantic awesomeness...then this game is for you. I picked it up off a friends request and streamed it for 3 hours or so. I didn't have any idea the 3 hours was up until I looked at the clock.I haven't beaten it yet, most likley because i'm obsessed with melee weapons.There is several creatures you can play and every time you level up and you finish a dungeon level there are 4 options to level up with or ""mutate with"". I rather enjoy the long arms mutation so my melee goes further.SLEDGEHAMMER!The only con that I have is that the levels are random looking, however after dying a killion times I've really gotten used to the layout and have strted speccing out my guys weapon choices with where i'll be next. I don't know if this was on purpose, but I would've preferred every level be random tileset as well as layout.Happy slaying,@Redderick33Indie Primetime - 4pm ESTtwitch.tv/rizeupgaming"
,Recommended,242680,10937826,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lance Charleson,"Even if this is still in early access, it's still a better post apocalyptic game than Borderlands, Fallout and Rage combined.9/10"
,Recommended,242680,10933517,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,gankley,"Ok so, where do I start? I'm a late bloomer to be honest...I've been checking this game for about 2-3 months when I was thinking about bying it.Should have bought it right away to be honest...I only bought the game when it was around weekly update # 29 I think...Well...nuclear throne in a nutshell.you're a mutant.you have guns.you kill other mutants.you level up.you mutate yourslef.simple eh?The thing is...it's so addictive and fun.Before i go to work i make about 4-5 runs...The gameplay is smooth...with a controller ou keyboard + mouse,it's really easy to adapt.The caracter's are funny.there's a chicken...a ninja chicken.with a blindfold...and a samurai sword...and teeth... I LOVE YOU CHICKEN!!!!!!!!A huge variety of weapons and enemies and a huge amount of mutation combinations ( you get one per level, and you level up by killing enemies and eating the nuclear waste they leave behing...)The game is quite challenging.Graphics are retro-chique.they have this 8-bit feel,without feeling old.The game is constantly updated,wich is a HUGE thing.The fisics are really nice...when you shoot some dewde in the face with a shotgun or a grenade laucher...guess what?THEY FLY!!!!So...yep.for what my opinion is worth...this game is worth every cent of an euro that i paid.so...GO CHICKEN!!!!  =D"
,Recommended,242680,12789633,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lumen Estes,"A frantic, fast-paced top-down twinstick shooter that keeps you on your toes as you crawl your way to your rightful spot on the nuclear throne. Every character is unique, each fit for different playstyles and every mutation changes how you will approach the mass of enemies ahead. The randomly generated maps keep things fresh and exciting; sometimes, you face an onslaught of ravens and snipers ahead, or maybe you spawn in the middle of 5 snowbots...Will you die from a big bandit emerging from the wall behind you? Or maybe you didn't watch your ammo at the crystal caves? Or maybe, just maybe, you'll actually reach the nuclear throne.."
,Recommended,242680,13278476,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,your hardbodied great-aunt,"The throne is real. 10/10 rads, would mutate again"
,Recommended,242680,13255121,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dweebs0r,Old school arcade type fun.  Similar to Robotron or the like.
,Recommended,242680,13256697,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Hakkniv,"An excellent and unique action rogue-like that never ceases to entertain. It is still being consistantly updated. When you reach the end of the game, it loops, but with a significant increase in difficulty, so you don't have to lose your hard earned progress untill you deserve to."
,Recommended,242680,13256764,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,NinthPower,"Somehow my Steam hasn't been clocking my time right but I've spent 40+ hours in NT and it is such a full and awesome game. So much to see and do, every run is different. If you play one game today, play Nuclear Throne."
76561197962397576,Recommended,242680,13266098,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tony Yorkshire,"Nuclear throne is ""MENTAL"" and so am i ha ha ha...."
,Recommended,242680,22261578,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,KUJO JOTARO,A great healthy alternative to coccaine.
76561198085560494,Recommended,242680,21994748,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Jose the space crab,"You take bullet hell, steroids (literally), insane characters, over the top characters, and best of all, illuminati. Solid 10/10"
76561198127212043,Recommended,242680,21995109,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,C H I L L Y,"Highly addicting. Loved all the time I spent on the game. If you are comparing this to the binding of isaac, the combinations are not as diverse. Nuclear Throne has a lot of content, but at the same time, it can get somewhat repetative. Saying this, I still really love the game and still play it from time to time. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,242680,22057866,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,💗Summer💗,"if you want a nice cake this is  it, only they put hot sauce in the cake mix,then throw in nukes,miniguns,and a shovle,i would recommnend this game to anyone if they are up to the task,the guns. they are all good,some are fun and some are well bad,the foes. have a great ai, even the stupid *spoilers* birds or crows are good, at least world 1 is easythe boss's. the boss's are the best,my fav boss is *spoilers* a dog, but mostly get easy the more you playthe upgrade's.  they have a good balance to them, but some can be down right broken.*the reason why i played this --> sleepcycles shout out to him*hope u liked my review. *if you think its funny or that you like it it would mean the world to me if u liked it,im not makeing you, this is my first review"
,Recommended,242680,22056782,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,RhinoceritisDDS,"My teeth may not survive all the clenching I do during the tense, life or death moments that come every minute in this game."
,Recommended,242680,22094582,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,whocares6758,always fun in my opinion. very easily addictive as well!
76561198141917931,Recommended,242680,22097446,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Sugary Donuthole,You know the usual. Get guns. Shoot things. Kill basically a god. Kill it again. Loop. Go through the whole hellhole again and kill it again. Pretty much the entire game. 10/10
,Recommended,242680,20902226,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Zorotek,I watched ster 2 play this game for a couple days beforehand and decided I should be playing it.I didn't regret that decision.
76561198149037095,Recommended,242680,21761912,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Vogelmeister,"It's all fun and games at first: you fire a few shots from your revolver, kill some lumpy desert mummies, dodge a bullet here and there, probably reach the area boss and feel generally good about yourself. Then you die and start over. And over. And over. Because that's what it's all about - dedication and persistence. So by the time you reach the third area, you'll probably have unlocked some characters and played around with quite a few weapons (occasionally blowing yourself up in the process). You feel more confident now. Familiar with your surroundings. You keep pressing on, fine-tuning your strategies and eventually approaching the ultimate goal, the titular Nuclear Throne, one step at a time.And it's great. The game has very solid combat mechanics, the weapons all feel ""just right"". It's enjoyable, it's very challenging, and the constant flow of adrenaline it provides is enough to keep you going for a long time.Until eventually you hit a wall and stop.All of a sudden this jolly old rogue-fest turns into a groundhog day simulator. You realize that the levels are always the same. The layouts are randomly generated, of course, but their contents are quite similar every time. Things stop unlocking sooner or later, too, mostly because you're just not good enough. And you could keep practicing and honing your skills, of course, but at that point constantly repeating the easier areas becomes a torturous grind. There's just not enough variety in items and abilities to work for. The challenge is still there, but the reward is gone, and you probably didn't even notice, did you?I suppose there are two ways to go from there. You either carry on out of dedication or spite for over 900 hours (there are leaderboards and everytrhing), or you simply stop playing, relish what good moments you had with the game and reflect on just how much you value your time.Try this game either way. It's good."
,Recommended,242680,21740069,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,HeavyRaiN,"Great game. Great chracters, action and fun."
76561198060836760,Recommended,242680,22134007,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Goofy From The Simpsons,This is a great game. One thing i liked about the game is that every run is different (like most rogue like games). It can be played by anyone but it takes time to get good. You cant go wrong with buying this game. The price is also good for the game because of the amount of content. So if your thinking about buying this game i would recommend it.
,Recommended,242680,30421139,Posted: 9 March,all,Zeitgiest Holocaust,"Definitely worth buying, one of the best time killers...Edit:This is one of the best games ever made..."
,Recommended,242680,22425928,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,GodzillaBurgers,It is amazing that a game i am so horrible at i can still spend countless hours playing. Can't even make it to the throne 99% of the time but every time i get that shovel i get so hyped.
76561197991389707,Recommended,242680,22430973,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Cpt America,"I bought this game, because steam recommended it to me and cause of the good reviews, and i am happy that i bought this game.This game is very good. There are many unlockable different chars to play with.My personnel favourites: the crystal and the telekinetic guy.The Crystal can block enemy fire with his crystal form.The telekinetic guy can, when upgraded, even push away the slow travelling plasma shots in the late game.Playing with the Steroids char with his double firepower is too very good.In the final fight, don't destroy the final boss before having destroyed the 4 generators, to have the right game end."
76561198195975023,Recommended,242680,22434738,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Matt,"This game is an understatement of Binding of Isaac on steroids. Its Binding of Isaac on crystal meth, crack cocaine and all the class A drugs you can think of. Half the time i dont even know what the hell is going on and half the time i do (when i die). This game is an acid trip. I highly recommend it for all your drug simulator needs.10/10 would snort again"
,Recommended,242680,22459818,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Señor Salvador,is good
76561197970532781,Recommended,242680,19633486,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheRadian,Wow. This game. Best indie game I have ever played (I've played a lot). Sooo good. Own it!
,Recommended,242680,22114698,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,W☣rld ☮™,The guy who makes this is an a$$-howl
76561198100832830,Recommended,242680,22171495,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kenny Ton Eats A$$,11/10 Would get rekt by assasin again
76561197976822079,Recommended,242680,22048155,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Appetite4Deduction,"It's always interesting when people refer to ""roguelike"" and ""shooter"" in the same sentence.  Nuclear Throne is one of those games that pulls it off masterfully.In terms of ""roguelike,"" it has perma-death, random level layout generation, linear stage progression, and item pickups and upgrades galore.  In terms of ""shooter,"" well, it has a great combination of strategy and all-out mayhem.And it's hard.  Probably you figured as much.  You have a tiny life bar and no temporary invincibility after you are hit.  You will die, and die, and die...and somehow it never stops being super fun.The only negative that I see with this game is that the graphics are thrown together.  They aren't bad, but there is a cheapness to them that can wear on your eyes if you aren't used to the low-resolution pixelation.  The default screen shake setting is also game-breaking, so I highly recommend reducing it.Cheap graphics are complemented by some of the cleverest sound design I've heard in a video game in a long time.  There are tons of sound effects, an awesome musical score, and a surprisingly rich array of voice acting, even if the voices are all silly and incomprehensible alien/monster tongues.The game is very rewarding to players who keep trying to get better--there are secrets to find, weapon combinations to exploit, and special character abilities and upgrades to unlock.  Pay whatever price Vlambeer demands--it will be worth your while."
,Recommended,242680,22025736,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,charred.toast,"You WILL die a lot, but each time you die, you want to play it more"
,Recommended,242680,18158155,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Horus Lupercal,I use to pirate games like this before I decide to buy them or not.I bought Nuclear Throne half an hour later without second hesitations.
,Recommended,242680,21997398,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Epsi,"This game isn't for everyone, it's brutal, unfair, and completely insane. Nuclear Throne, is a game where you feel yourself slowly improving, and has a high degree of mastery. As you get better, it because a bit less unfair, but the insanity and brutality don't really go away. I can not remember the last time I was this satisfied after beating a game. 10/10 will buy for friends when it goes on sale."
76561198077342970,Recommended,242680,22008051,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,E.L.Fudge Cookies,"As you can see, I haven't played much of the game. To be honest, I haven't even beaten it once. But I have to say, if you have the time, dedication, and if you don't mind messing up a WHOLE bunch of times, then this is the game for you. There's a wide variety of guns to choose from, the enemies are challenging and they scale really well, the levels are creative, and the characters all flow very well and are fun to play."
76561198079517396,Recommended,242680,22010964,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,August strindberg,good
,Recommended,242680,22054656,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Spooky Hands Jim,Fish can roll.10/10
,Recommended,242680,22055199,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Catspaw Fhynne,"Before I even begin this review- YES, this is worth your purchase in a multitude of ways.You're going to like this game if you're the type of gaming enthusiast that refuses to give up or let difficulty halt your progress. The game always finds ways to keep you on your toes while you develop your own set of unique skills that identify you as a NT player, as there is usually no ""true"" way to play the game due to the variety of weapons, items, and characters at your disposal.That being said, lemme just go over what I think are the PROs and CONs of this game.Pros:+The feeling of satisfaction after trumping an iron wall standing before you is great with this game.+Practically all situations in the game are capable of being negotiated with BULLETS. There can be unfair situations and conditions presented to you, but that's the name of the game- just use your brain and try to scrape through it.+Most likely one of the best twin-stick shooters of this year if not the past five years.+Game mechanics (Leveling up, RNG based spawning, portals) are unique and presentable in a non-confusing manner.+Endless hours of content+Rewards experimentation+Great developer feedback, but... (see below)Cons:-Insanely difficult to the point where it can hamper a newbie's experience, especially in later stages. Do not let it fool you- there is ALWAYS something harder waiting on the other side of a portal. Planning in advance is key to survival.-Developers have an unstable edition on PS Vita and PS3, to which they have reported that they were ""working on it"", yet has been 3+ months with no fixes in sight. Purchase this edition of NT, as it's the optimal experience.-Game breaking crashes still exist on the PC, most having solutions.-Bosses can rarely spawn/get caught out of bounds, which they will then suffocate and promptly die immediately.-No cursor lock for windowed"
76561198272963622,Recommended,242680,22483768,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Rabbit Mayor,My new favourite game.
76561197970329408,Recommended,242680,19963074,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,orgun,"You like top down, rouge like shooters than this is your game.+400 hours on record and it is still fresh every time.Also great soundtrack."
,Recommended,242680,15865818,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Auntie Sotaar,"If you're ever looking for a game that:Is addictive, yet will make you rageLets you shoot things with no consequencesAllows you to rollthen you've found your perfect game.Nuclear Throne is a terrific game for all audiences, providing hours of unique gameplay that pushes you to strive to kill tons of enemies and pursue awesome weapons. If you're a fan of The Binding of Isaac, then you'll definitely love this game. As someone who isn't too good at it, i can say first-handed that this is a challenging yet fun for hours on end.Be forewarned, however:This game was sadly abandoned, yet it is still precious."
,Recommended,242680,27897853,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ManBox,7/34 tostitos pizza rolls
,Recommended,242680,27912022,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,♠ Kermit,Great Game. Hands Down. 10 / 10
,Recommended,242680,27912117,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Obviamente um R,Just more 5 minutes....30 hours later...Just more 5 minutes....
,Recommended,242680,27923234,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[BYTG] The Lonely Cloud,"An incredible game, infinitly replayable, and frustratingly difficult. I highly reccomend you pick it up if you can spare the cash."
,Recommended,242680,27899900,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rodechi,Pretty fun game with tons of replay value.
,Recommended,242680,14922407,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,MC Ride,"Dual wield disc guns, best strat, 30/10"
,Recommended,242680,27977423,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Krugear,"The game's just great, most fun I've ever had on Steam"
,Recommended,242680,19273877,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ZachChase,THIS. Is how you make a game. Probably one of my favorite (because I only have one) rouge like game. Die retry and die again. If you think your going to reach the nuclear throne in a day YOU ARE VERY WRONG. After 119 hours I finally reached the nuclear throne *and defated it. But the struggle continues...
,Recommended,242680,19297170,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Suspio,A great rougelike! Discovered this because of STAR_ and I wasn't disappointed! It did get a little angry though when Lil' Hunter ended my one loop run with Phish D:
,Recommended,242680,19297489,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,losa. ><,Yung Venuz is so cool
76561198120416408,Recommended,242680,19300750,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Potion Seller,I was a walking pyramid with a laser minigun that got hit by a truck and died.
76561198237595644,Recommended,242680,19275175,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,kEnnyh4,"is absolutely one of the best games i ever played in my life,BIG THANKS TO VLAMBEER is in the top 5 of my sweet little steam collection and if you like a game developed with soul this is a good example.10/10 MASTERPIECE"
76561198167052585,Recommended,242680,19290127,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,SPICE_MARINE,"This games is one of the best games I have ever played, period."
,Recommended,242680,19291254,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Losky,"best Early Access Game in my opinion, simply AWESOME"
,Recommended,242680,19279454,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,GUN WOLF,It is challenging and fun.
,Recommended,242680,19444990,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Soy Sauce,Awesome game if your into action-packed roguelike fun. Suprisingly a great stress reliever. This game is the host of a great community that have supported it throughout it's journey of being in early access. Happy 2 years of fun!!!
,Recommended,242680,19389918,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,REPOsPuNKy,Dying is fun in this game. As is everything else. PLAY THIS GODDAMNED GAME WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PLAY IT PLAY IT PLAY IT PLAY IT PLAY IT PLAY IT PLAY IT PLAY IT PLAY IT PLAY IT EUFGDIGUHSFHFHIOBJBJKGHILSDVGIKSF*User has suffered fatal error (Fun Overload)
,Recommended,242680,18807326,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Never Lucky,*throws away all strategy**runs and guns* makes it to the throne
76561198075875723,Recommended,242680,19467434,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mazelex,It's very good. Lots O fun.
,Recommended,242680,19480944,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,happen,"My love, rogue-style games. This is one of my favorite of the genre right now. Gonna put some more hours in, but no doubt a must buy for any fan of RNG."
76561198024485368,Recommended,242680,19347370,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Draekz,"Game is awesome! Controls are working! Excellent, fast paced shooter with a ton of replayability and customizations. A bunch of unique weapons and characters. Unlockables. What more can you ask for in a game!Thanks Vlam!"
,Recommended,242680,19508064,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Colin Mochrie,This is probably one of my favorite go to games
,Recommended,242680,27774920,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Infinite Spookiness,"Nuclear Throne is a sizzling hot roguelikelike action game where you are fighting things in a weird post-apocalypse with increasingly exploding or weird guns (or sometimes not guns at all). The setting is seemingly very inspired by the likes of Gamma World and consequently the characters you can choose to play (along with their various abilities) tend to be quite odd. The starting two before you unlock anything for instance are a fish man and am ambulatory hunk of crystal.Overall this is pretty fun and fast, it loads quickly and moves smoothly so dying is no big thing if you want to get back into the action. Furthermore they now have Daily Challenges and Weekly Challenges, keeping things fresh and interesting as you compete for places on the boards, the Daily Challenges tend towards ""one chance at a specific instance, using whatever character you choose (that you've unlocked))"" however the Weekly Challenge is a fair bit more interesting and allows multiple attempts at a specific instance but in this case what you start as and what your circumstances are, are pre-selected for the challenge, making things interesting!Overall I recommend if you like high octane mouse-and-keyboard shooty roguelike action."
76561198055630587,Recommended,242680,27775168,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Burribo the Wary,"Fast Paced, Ridiculusly Hard, Unforgiving, and Fun, Makes the perfect combonation to keep you raging and still retain intrest.  Hope you beat this game! :D"
76561198105937038,Recommended,242680,27792566,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CrimsonDaragos,A game that's fun even when you're losing.
76561197990241112,Recommended,242680,27790160,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ōkami Yuujinchou,Uhm... maybe the best investmant I ever did? Yes i think it is
,Recommended,242680,27766954,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ultra Hyped Jest Fan,"Have you ever wanted to experience high octane action, blistering anger, and extreme fun at the same time?Then. Get. This. Game."
76561198254676289,Recommended,242680,28005928,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ThatPoochyGuy,"What can I say about this game? Well the farthest I've ever gotten is loop 2 so I'm not that good but this game is a blast to play, especially with the co-op mod. Just buy the game already!"
76561198079111976,Recommended,242680,28006207,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SnackyZac,Fish Can Roll
,Recommended,242680,25289622,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Pike,"one of the bast games ive ever played, never gets old."
76561198132016452,Recommended,242680,25291427,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Furball,This Game is one of the most amazing games i ever played
76561198103310289,Recommended,242680,25286270,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,FaultLine,"Personally, I enjoyed this game. The graphics carry a pixely charm, the video settings (most notably screenshake) make the game feel alive, and each character gives a different flavor and playstyle to a run.But among the genre, this isn't for every roguelike connesour.It's punishing. It's brutal. It takes a long time to get the hang of it, and only after >80 hours will you get that joy of geting over that hump, that point where the levels of frustration the game brings diminishes (as with most roguelikes). You need to know this game inside and out to have a good run, and that may be seen as too much of a time investment for some, and the variety minimizes the deviation from run to run, making it a little more samey than other roguelikes.In short, the skill celling is this genre's equivalent to Civ's, with a replay value that varies wildly from person to person. 7/10"
,Recommended,242680,25265940,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Seven,"Fast-paced roguelike with heavy emphasis on gunplay and bullet dodging. Great controls with MKB, 50/50 with a controller (YMMV). Music is definitely up there, mechanics can get pretty interesting (but not too deep), and the character roster is varied enough to provide a fresh experience with each one. No online play here, but considering how fun this is, you probably won't want a laggy teammate dying on you.9/10, worth it at full price if you're into twitchy shooters, buy it at half if you're on the fence."
,Recommended,242680,25296817,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Azul,"rolling fish / 10if you see this buy it, it's worth the price for the replay value"
76561198116604050,Recommended,242680,25293667,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Thrill_House,Wow. I LOVE THIS GAME. It is soooo entertaining and awesome! The only bad thing is that some mutations are reeeeeealy useless XD
76561198151777377,Recommended,242680,25240589,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Trustpage,I am not one for these hardcore bullet hell games as I am a very casual gamer who loves first person shooters. I have always wanted to get into one but they are all insanely hard I got enter the gungeon what a mistake I felt like I got nowhere in that game with everything being so bullet spongey. Then someone recommended me this game saying this is the best bullet hell there is. This game though extremely difficult does not turn casual gamers like me away because every run I feel accomplished something other bullet hell games didn't give me. Each fail makes me want to try again because the enemies die easily there are unique characters it is all very noob friendly and at the same time challenging. I suck at this game I only have an hour of playtime and I have only gotten to 3-3 but I expect to get many more hours. This is one of the few bullet hell permadeath games that makes you want to play again.10/10 I would reccomend this for everyone.
,Recommended,242680,27489196,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ASCENDED,good game
,Recommended,242680,13619494,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Wasted Dream,"THIS GAME RULES SO HARD-very challenging-variety of weapons/guns-different mutations to choose from each time you play-cool enemy types-PERMADEATH + PROCEDURAL LEVELS (take it or leave it)-cool soundtrack-2 player local co-op--you can literally run around as a chicken with your head cut off 11/10EDIT: Post- Early Access game rules even harder, no complaints."
76561198042520335,Recommended,242680,27407950,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Phil57,A good Challenge
76561198056043289,Recommended,242680,27461815,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BlockGuy,You must add a online feature to this. It's not fair how PC players can only play online with the mod. You'll make a lot of money for adding online features.
,Recommended,242680,27557291,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sprooky Gost,"fun game, lots of challenge and cool game! is fun"
,Recommended,242680,27057576,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bear,It's ok to eat
,Recommended,242680,27209234,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aldarek,"Great game, funky mechanicsriver of tears as you did not reach the nuclear throne"
,Recommended,242680,20779769,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Bear Cop,Fish can roll.
76561198141471691,Recommended,242680,27367110,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Turkey with a Hat,No matter how many times I rage at bad runs and weapon rolls I always come back to it.
,Recommended,242680,27339350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rat Boi,this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥wicked
76561198057218252,Recommended,242680,27339392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[POLIS] Ben Dover,"Rolling, brrraping, shielding, dual-wielding! Nuclear Throne is an amazing roguelite with interesting characters and insane weapons. What the game lacks in polish it makes up for in charm, with every area being unique from each other, complete with a bumping soundtrack. Bosses are insane, and only get better from each other. What make Nuclear Throne especially unique is its ""looping"" mechanic, which makes the game only crazier. I'd recommend nuclear throne only if you're into fast-paced bullet hells and addictive gameplay."
,Recommended,242680,27361479,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zestyrone,Best Game. NEEDS ONLINE MULTIPLAYER. (The modders beat the dev team to it...)
,Recommended,242680,27353519,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WhoKn,See 'emShoot 'emSkin 'emWear 'emMount 'em on the wall
76561197972345536,Recommended,242680,27407059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SeiferDie,There's a katana wielding chicken.  You can't go wrong with that.
,Recommended,242680,27310389,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,garbeej,"Dying simulator.You start playing, you shoot some freaks of nature and then you die.YOU ♥♥♥♥ING DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
,Recommended,242680,27310578,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anomalus Vox,"This game singlehandedly got me into the roguelike genre. The characters in the game all have a completely different playstyle, the mutators allow for different styles of play to be rewarded rather equally, and the flow of the game is very smooth and makes the game feel very satisfying.The learning curve for the game is relatively steep, but is merely a matter of learning how to deal with different enemies, and how to overcome certain obstacles.And the soundtrack.The soundtrack is probably the best part of this game.Overall, this game is a staple for anyone interested, even remotely, in this genre.PS: To this day, I have yet to reach the Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,242680,27310813,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Syhah'nyth,Kill♥♥♥♥♥♥triangle ♥♥♥♥ ye
76561198136930749,Recommended,242680,26972118,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NotJasonBourne,"Greatest game I have ever played. Very difficult, but you keep coming back.It is very fast paced, and crazy weapons abound. Sometimes when I die the whole screen is covered in explosions."
,Recommended,242680,26976398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hypetrain,Good
,Recommended,242680,26991556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FUCK BITCC H AHAHAHAHAHA,My favorite bullet hell game. Really fun
76561198043004120,Recommended,242680,26993582,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ViolentCareBare,GG
76561198032081901,Recommended,242680,26993639,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bdesroch,Pretty good game that i would recommend to anyone. Amazing
,Recommended,242680,27022996,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HunkRat,If you like a challenge this game is for you.
,Recommended,242680,19682438,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Toshiba,"Just Amazing!What a lovely chaos, bullet hell at its best!#verifyvenuz"
76561198082464050,Recommended,242680,27024069,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Burningeyesockets,I have about 78 hours I put in to this game. I have yet to reach the throne. this game is virtual heroine.
76561197991451637,Recommended,242680,26886403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,D.a.D.i.m.M.,Simplistic gameplay that is easy to pick up and impossible to master.Nuclear Throne is perfect for when you need a quick break and play something for a few minutes... or hours.The game is a fast paced top down shooter with rogue-like elements like procedurally generated levels and perma death.One can pick from a number of characters with different abilities to fence off hordes of other mutants.Graphics and sound are excellent (taking into accout the style choice) and I've note experienced any technical difficulties.All in all a great game.
76561198003707561,Recommended,242680,17818217,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,igrekus,"This is what I always expect from a roguelike, simple to start, addicting, painstakingly difficult.And lots, lots, lots of dying."
,Recommended,242680,14933540,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,GIANT PAPAYA,"Nuclear Throne is amazing, definitely in my top five. Awesome weapons, random level generation, and multiple unique characters."
,Recommended,242680,26536009,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,STAR VIPER,FLÄSHYN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S#VERIFYVENUZ
,Recommended,242680,25966356,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Dave,"I never knew how it was to have a nervous twitch, now i do.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,25978325,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,hellcase.com Ray,Amazing game id say its my favourite rouge game. Mods make this game 20x better. I enjoy it alot 9/10
76561198012551994,Recommended,242680,26173967,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,PoVisko,"Love the game, easy to jump into, and it rewards throught many hours with new characters, secrets, weapons to find, achievents to collect, and challenges to overcome without forcing you to do any of these things if you don't want to. Simple and brilliant."
,Recommended,242680,26174402,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,BEANDY [BTP],Awesome. Fun. Addictive.
76561198283523448,Recommended,242680,26175110,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,TheAdiminer,"This game... so awesome I cannot write a proper description aside from ""PEW PEW NUKE""I highly reccomend it to others"
76561198057464974,Recommended,242680,26724221,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,perkinsma,50 hours in and I finally sat on that damned throne.
76561198073372048,Recommended,242680,24347814,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,applesauc,"A very solid, fast-paced bullet hell-esque roguelike. Lots of fun weapons and characters, a variety of enemies, and hours of replayability. A great, challenging game for people that like to click on people. Leaderboards if you enjoy competition.Nuclear Throne strays farther away from radical randomization of items and upgrades (fear not, there still is a good bit of variety, not every run is the same) in favor of more engaging, smooth, and skillful gameplay compared to other roguelikes. Every bit of damage you take is your own fault.Could not recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,242680,26793686,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Iskander,"Infinite replayability, there's always room for a new stratagy with loots of caracters/wepons/mutations combinations.The only downside is that it doesn't have local or online coop."
76561198032587351,Recommended,242680,26795073,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jetman28,"Nuclear Throne is one of those games where if you start playing it, it becomes hard to put down. I played the crap out of this online and off and I find it to have interesting new things to offer each time. It's fast pace and RNG keep it fresh, along with ridiculous mods that the community puts out. If you are a fan of punishment and post apocalyptic crazyness then this game is for you. If you aren't a fan of that then I am sure the soundtrack will pull you in as it has myself and many other players."
,Recommended,242680,26772117,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NÖVªRAGε1©,"Addictive game that blends rogue lite, and shoot em up.Really hard to master."
76561198120961964,Recommended,242680,26479130,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Surely You Chespin,"I can't recommend this game strongly enough. It's just good. I'm not even that good at it, but I find myself coming back to it more and more.First off, the art style. It's beautiful, with what I want to say is a bit of an arcade feel? The character designs, from players to enemies to bosses to... vans and radioactive chairs? just looks good. Not overly complex, not too simple. A nice balance. There's other visual effects such as sccreen shake to make you almost feel the explosions and guns firing.Next, the soundtrack. Gorgeous. Post-apocalyptic. The game makes nice use of its own leitmotif, in a similar vein to how Undertale uses its own, though the soundtracks have a much different feel to them for sure. Ambience is used to excellent effect, with the best example probably being the Crystal Caves. Those spidery scamper sounds will send shivers up your spine. Annoying alliteration aside, all the other audio is also amazing. Sound effects are great. You swing a melee weapon and it sounds, as one Nuclear Throne YouTuber would put it: crunchy. You shoot a Revolver and it really sounds and even feels like you're shooting a gun.Finally, gameplay. An excellently paced rogue-like top-down bullet-hell shooter. Areas follow an interesting floor pattern of 3,1,3,1 and so on. Areas with 3 floors hold a boss at the end, while areas with one serve as a vastly different transition area, with darker lighting to boot. The leveling system involves collecting ""rads"" which function like EXP, though they disappear if you don't collect them in time. With enough rads, you can mutate, granting buffs like revenge damage, extra ammo storage, reduced enemy health, and even... bolts that somehow seek out enemies? Speaking of bolts, there are several weapon types, each with their own ammo class and sub-types, such as Bolts/Seekers/Splinters, Shells/Slugs, Bullets/Bouncers, and others. I don't know exactly how many weapons are in the game, but there are plenty, and finding the ones that work best for you is part of the fun. There are also plenty of secrets in the game as well... try taking a Screwdriver to the gold car in 3-1 some time.There are also some great mods for the game. The two that stand out the most are Ultra Mod and Together. Ultra adds seeral new weapons, areas, characters, enemies, and bosses. Probably about double of everything. Unfortunately, it was started before the Throne was actually added, so that feature is missing, but it's still an excellent mod. Together is fully based around the current version and through some miracle adds online support to a game that currently has none, as well as altering some of the mechanics introduced for the Local Co-op already included in the game. In fact, I'd recommend getting this mod off the bat, since it's literally just Nuclear Throne... Together.Seriously. It's just a good freakin game. Buy it. Support the devs in their quest to work on the PS3 port, which they've unfortunately been struggling with since it's literally the first Game Maker game ported to the system, which leads to all sorts of problems that aren't necessarily the Vlambeer devs' faults. Help them bring this amazing game to a wider audience."
76561198019655660,Recommended,242680,26502750,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,-=PFW=-SEV,totally addicting
76561198025582907,Recommended,242680,26469665,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,PieMaster00,"No Nuka-Cola or VATS in this post-apocalypse.Humanity waved goodbye a long time ago.All that is left is us freaks.And the Throne.Pick your mutant in a list of freaks, load up on whatever guns you find, and tare through a destroyed world of bullets and mayhem as you battle your way to the nuclear throne. Use your mutants individual powers to grant you and edge, and gather radiation to mutate yourself further into your own custom killing machine.Nuclear Throne is fast, unique, and infinite fun. If your a fan of rogue/shooters, you'd be missing out not giving this a try!"
,Recommended,242680,24501801,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Pancake,"I've only beaten it once but the replayability is so fun. The characters are all unique with different abilities and skins. Each time you feel like you improved the game will tell you how much you're wrong and make you improve more and more. I'm not too great, and I've only beaten it once, but it felt like I just won an Olympic gold when I did. I'd recommend this if you like Roguelikes....and physical pain."
76561198077860680,Recommended,242680,19575240,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,I.D.P.D. TerminAtor,"If you dont mind 30 fps games with freeze frames, you will love this looping, endless, infinitely replayable piece of retro shoot them up in a post nuclear apocalyptic setting. Vlambeer has just entered my list of phenomenal developers.  Play this at your own risk, second only to crack cocaine!!PS: Ravens with uzis exist and they suck!"
76561198202517283,Recommended,242680,26828460,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zack Of All Trades,*Spawns**Gets a wrench**smacks a bandit**gets rushed by a scorpion**dies*10/10 would mutate again
,Recommended,242680,19639088,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Gargall amb Mocs,This game is hit or miss. Literally.
76561198030247953,Recommended,242680,19639183,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,2Ksvlxrmig,I only have one thing to say. GET THIS GAME. NOW.
,Recommended,242680,19640278,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Archebold,"Do it, don't regret itA fair warning though: This game will consume you, you will never be satisfied with how far you gotGood luck."
,Recommended,242680,19611333,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,superalarming,"This is an amazing game, don't get me wrong; but I have been noticing one fatal flaw. Although it may just be me, occationally after I die or a round ends the game will crash which is kinda annoying, but again, that might just be me. It really is a good game, you get mad at it but you don't want to stop playing! I defineately reccomend buying this game."
,Recommended,242680,9081445,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Ch4rmander,"Pretty Cool Game,Fast paced, Action Shooty-Shooty game. It keeps you on your toes and the random generation and fast pace of the game allows it to keep you entertained for longer :)I wish it had multiplayer or some form of Co-op though.Edit :I can't believe that its finally a finished product, the producers have out done them selves."
,Recommended,242680,19623978,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Saviour,"Nuclear Throne is a fast-paced, addictive, roguelike shooter set in a post-apocalpytic wasteland. You take the role of a mutant who seeks the ""Nuclear Throne"". Also you can get a super bazooka that shoots 4 missiles at once."
,Recommended,242680,19605570,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,xgorexpunkx,"Awesome Old School game!!! Fun! Intense! Game Rage!, but i get get alot of problems of the game randomly have it shut down i have to start the game 3 times just to keep it running and if i click co op it shuts down and if im playing and die and click menu the game has a error and just shuts down. till they fix that then it be good. other then that its a awesome game if you love old school games when you die your start all over."
,Recommended,242680,19650441,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Kappalex,Difficult game but addictive and brilliant. Awesome art too.
76561198032859401,Recommended,242680,19648584,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,FuriousFool,Early Access done right. Worth every cent and minute I invested on this game.
,Recommended,242680,19652891,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Topo LFT6s,"Honestly, one of the best Rogue-Like shooter out there, IMO.Good stuff:Tons of different characters to choose from with different abilities.Awesome weapons that range from laser pistols to cluster homing flaming grenade launchers.Destructible enviroment.Secret levels.Iluminati Confirmed.Bad stuff:The screenshots don't attract you enough so you come down to the review section to read this review. That's the only thing. GO BUY IT NOW.11/10.""This would be my game of the year, whichever year it comes out in."" -Ster, 2014.""I wish I can put more than 10 stars."" -Random gamer who I met, 2015."
76561198070145767,Recommended,242680,15857044,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Serena Williams,"""Fish can roll/10"" -IGNUPDATE: It's a finished game, 10/10."
,Recommended,242680,7438910,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,CERBERUS ALPHA,"THE MOST GLORIOUS GAME.  SATISFYING WEAPONS, TONS OF THINGS TO SHOOT, FUN CHARACTERS, RANDOM GEN SO YOU DON'T GET BORED, IT'S GOT IT ALL, AND AT A HIGHER QUALITY THAN OTHER SIMILAR TITLES."
,Recommended,242680,18631342,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Redd,This game will make you go POP POP in your pants.
,Recommended,242680,19517891,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,The Magic-Ion,Death has no meaning......EXCEPT UNDYING RAAAGE!!!!
,Recommended,242680,19515185,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Isn't Dinkleberg,"Probably one of the greatest rogue-like games of all time. I've had this game for almost a year, an although I don't play as much as The Binding of Isaac Rebirth, it's still one of my favorite games in my library. If you are a fan of rogue-like games, definately get this game or else you will be thrown into a cell with no access to Mountain Dew or Doritos."
,Recommended,242680,19515308,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Nefos,"So I've been playing this since Early Access and let me tell you, this is absolutely the best time to pick it up. Great Roguelite  twin-stick shooter worth every penny and replay value is extremely high! A must have for indie game enthusiasts or anyone who likes a great game."
,Recommended,242680,19515385,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Azazel Sprite Comic,"I believe that this game has made me feel feelings that I've never felt before. Not really sad ones, though. Mostly angry ones. Very angry ones.This game is the very definition of a rogue-like shooter. It has very unique characters and each one has a different skillset and playstyle that can cater to your preferences. The element of randomness is very present in this game. No two runs are ever the same and each playthrough can either go very well or very poorly based on what the game decides to throw at you.As for the design, everything suits the game really well. The sounds, music, and the look and atmosphere of the game all fit its post-apocalyptic theme very well.I've been playing this game for almost a year and I'm very pleased with how it has turned out. It has been a wild ride ever since I first started playing it in early access and I hope that the game continues to expand and grow as much as it as in the past two years."
,Recommended,242680,19515671,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,『Russhole』,It's been awesome watching this game grow to what it is at release. Really fast-paced and exciting gameplay with unlocks and levels that leave you wanting to push farther. Really worth picking up!
,Recommended,242680,19516618,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Saber,Solid game with tons of replayability. Crushing when you die but insanely satisfying when you improve and get far in.
76561198117979695,Recommended,242680,19510841,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Heav3ns3nt,this game @@@@in ROCKS !!!!! a steep learning curve with a game pad but its sooooooo much fun!
,Recommended,242680,19511161,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Left_otd,"Made the Mistake of taking 2 ultra weapons together while looping as Robot, not realising they both used rads as ammo and eating all the other guns.10/10 would screw myself over again."
,Recommended,242680,19511847,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Honorable Ryan Costello,my favorite game and 10/10 would buy again
76561198030984098,Recommended,242680,19511395,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Link,"Watched it grow up since it was wasteland kings, now its finally time for the release. Deserves all the praise <3 10/10 for sure."
76561198059889668,Recommended,242680,19511873,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,PJR,"Addicting, buy this game"
,Recommended,242680,19511957,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,DEWpope,How did I put 35 hours into this game?  Nuclear Throne?  More like Nuclear... Bone!
,Recommended,242680,19529673,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,matt,I got my moneys worth.
76561198057752453,Recommended,242680,19521760,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,thewasteoid,a really excellent game
76561198094598632,Recommended,242680,19783208,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Riley,IT is a fast pased rogue like game it has tons of unlocks and it is very repetitive but that is good wich means you can play it over and over and not get bored
76561198145307472,Recommended,242680,19757265,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Megidolaon,It's hard.You will hate it.THEN you will love it.THEN YOU WILL LOVE IT'S SOUNDTRACK.THEN YOU WILL DEMAND FOR THE SOUNDTRACK TO BE REALEASED.
,Recommended,242680,19789843,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,TheGreatMihm,A truly amazing game and the best thing is they still bring out updates and listen to the community 10/10
76561198189511749,Recommended,242680,19788472,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,holzhauerd,Fun game but I hope they do lots of new updates to fix bugs and errors with 2 player
,Recommended,242680,19818938,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,loser,Game is a little too easy ;)
,Recommended,242680,19818753,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Reinhardt,This game is true pain and can kick my♥♥♥♥♥on a daily basis.I ♥♥♥♥ing love it.10/10
76561198045871019,Recommended,242680,19664625,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,P90,Would punch my wall out of rage again. 11/10 -MyWall
,Recommended,242680,19813309,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,FusionDover,iz good
,Recommended,242680,21812863,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Decay,"Thi- Okay, why do I even bother, its a GREAT game, you shoot people, you dodge♥♥♥♥♥♥ simple enough.Fish, you roll, you get 6 seconds of unlimited ammo when you come out of a portal, good one, fun.Crystal, you shield, 20 max HP, if you got rhino skin.Eyes, he's my main nothing to say here he's just fun.Plant, i dont play emYV, good character, fun time indeedSteoids, why use steroids when you can play as the steroids himself?Robot, you eat♥♥♥♥♥♥and get♥♥♥♥♥♥easy easyChicken, you die after you dieRebel, you cut yourself for some allies does this sound edgy enoughHorror, my second main, good character fun funRouge, dont play herOverall, it's a really great game, fast paced, difficult, and an amazing soundtrack, what's the reason to not buy this dang game?"
,Recommended,242680,27464409,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Corporal JinkJonks,"This game is fantastic. I absolutely love it, despite kind of sucking at it.-WeaponsThe weapons in this game have an amazing variety while still being balanced by difficulty. Essentailly, different weapons can only drop after you have cleared a certain number of levels,  raising the difficulty to the weapon's requirement. From the pistol to the super plasma cannon to (ugh) the disc gun, each weapon is distinctly useful in different situations and ineffectual in others.-CharactersEvery character has a passive and an active ability. For instance, the first character, Fish, has a passive that makes every ammo pickup give a little bit more ammo, and an active that lets him dodge roll. It's pretty easy to unlock new characters, and there are skins and crowns that take a significant amount of skill to unlock (for the completionists).-StoryThe story of this game is somewhat up for interpretation. Essentially, the characters are trying to reach the Nuclear Throne, as legends/rumors have told of its ability to fix the apocalypse. Various loading screen messages and secrets lend more insight to this, but that is the overall plot.I love this game, and I think that if you are remotely interested in it, you should BUY IT."
76561198041796560,Recommended,242680,27456495,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dinky.Hotchkiss,pop pop
,Recommended,242680,16881829,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Laki Sevn,"Why I recommend this game:-graphic is very good-It's very good game-It's fun-You can open most of characters in 15 mins of gameplay,but when is update you must open them again.-NOW WITH CO-OPreal real like itYou should buy it now,don't wait."
76561198087153303,Recommended,242680,27454778,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sosman421,"Fast paced, frenetic dual stick shooter with visuals that pop off the screen."
,Recommended,242680,27466438,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kralliusz,"Just like dopes - fast, good, and deadly."
,Recommended,242680,27466500,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,moji,It's sooo Good
76561198107997808,Recommended,242680,27395150,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,X The Eliminator,Amazing fast paced shooter that you will loveeeee 10/10.
76561198307137203,Recommended,242680,27392680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,harlington,Great game but i got addicted
,Recommended,242680,27392758,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tonkey Kong,Best GameBest Triangle
,Recommended,242680,27401546,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maxc Drawer,This is one of the best rogue-likes out there. It's countless hours of fun!
,Recommended,242680,27359535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sputnik,Stockholm syndrome: the game.
76561198148343305,Recommended,242680,27364550,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raspylightining,Gud♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Shit
,Recommended,242680,27378954,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gypsyblade || аутист,"This game is serously hard but keeps me coming back for more. The amount of different builds you can do, and the crazy amount of weapons keeps my intrest in the game. The online co-op mod also means me and my buddies can die and cry together. Great game, some bugs but very very uncommon. 9/10"
,Recommended,242680,27345758,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bananza,Addicting
,Recommended,242680,27345940,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Munga,"The best arena shooter on Steam. I've been playing this since it was known as Wasteland Kings during MOJAM 2013. I've seen it grow and blossom, and every iteration was better than the last. And now it's finished, I am just terrible at it. But I keep trying! This game is tough, but you are always the  reason you died. Live, learn, and go for the throne!"
,Recommended,242680,27377159,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SPACEHOUND,Fun game.
76561197978364571,Recommended,242680,27373316,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reaver,"89 hours played, and still haven't beaten the game. I'm so bad, but its so good."
76561198040998623,Recommended,242680,27376991,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Svaja,"With an amazing soundtrack, fun art, and solid mechanics, Nuclear Throne creates an addictive rogue-like/bullet-hell that packs a punch. This is a game that just keeps on giving and I can see myself playing this for a long time!"
,Recommended,242680,27614368,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheHolyFox,You'll cry regularly.... almost as much as you'll die.
76561197996629989,Recommended,242680,27664443,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xenoslave,"When ""just one more run"" turns into hours of gaming."
76561198081177043,Recommended,242680,27689147,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,vandeman2012,Just awesome.
,Recommended,242680,16324125,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TheJML,Tons of mental mental fun. You will die a lot... but so will they!
,Recommended,242680,27707241,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Slimes,Great game good replay possibilities feels good to move and shoot over all good game
76561198062297540,Recommended,242680,27626262,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Manor,"Gameplay is pretty hard, sounds are awesome, soundtrack is awesomeFeels a bit grindy though and can get repetitive"
,Recommended,242680,27646090,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,darcy.code,"Frustrating in that perfect rogue-like way; you'll want to keep coming back to improve and finally reach the end, and beyond."
,Recommended,242680,27618480,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,4chon,"Nuclear Throne is a game packed with endless gameplay. Community is great and the Devs are amazing too. Not so long ago community released Multiplayer mod that allows you to play with random strangers :D I bought the game in beta and it was a good decision. If you are looking for challenging experience then look no further. There are achivements,cards and badges and all that good things. Buy it before it's too late!"
76561198034771221,Recommended,242680,27617252,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Asper Kaos,"I remember when this game was called Wasteland Kings. It was the best little gem of a game and I played it all the time; imagine how I feel now that I have been able to spend time with that idea fully developed into what we now know as Nuclear Throne.Everything about this game is phenomenal. No matter your favorite genre of game, Nuclear Throne can appeal to anyone simply based on the desire to get further after you die and restart, the music, and the different worlds. The characters are also great and allow for even more fun and variation in playstyle. The weapons are all enjoyable to use, and you will find your favorites.This game might feel frustrating at times, but it can also feel highly rewarding in the moment after that frustration. Just give this game a try; you will not regret it."
,Recommended,242680,27617270,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sentrymeow,"Playing a game for one hundred hours with an average run length of probably like, five minutes, probably says something to the replayability and quality of this game."
,Recommended,242680,27843550,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Elthen,"Best keyboard, mouse break simulator ever."
,Recommended,242680,27767588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hi im carl,This game is amazing. Thats pretty much it. its worh the 12 bucks
,Recommended,242680,27889440,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mazer Faust,This game will suck you in and beat you down all while making you try just one more time.
,Recommended,242680,27886149,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,pichu99,gud gud but rly i just want the nomiation award so i need to write a review
,Recommended,242680,27883062,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LiQuiD FuSioN,"My all-time favorite pixel-style arcade shooter right here!It's simple and fun, easy to jump in for a few quick rounds of blowing up baddies. There are times where it can be frustrating due to the difficulty, but it's hard to get too mad because that's the idea behind it all. There are no save points or anything to hold your hand. It's up to you to keep trying and learning new techniques if you want to advance.I love the charming pixel-style graphics for one, even though it may be a bit over-done in the current market. The music and sound effects are well done even if I play my own music for background noise. Overall it feels like a solid product with no glitches either that I've seen. Part of me doesn't want to reach the Nuclear Throne since I thoroughly enjoy just jumping in and playing for the heck of it. It's not a game one would spend hours at a time on, but it's works so well if you want to kill some time in short bursts. It's like my fun alternative to playing Tetris (any platform really), Space Invaders, Binding of Isaac or Geometry Wars. Definitely will be playing this one for many more hours to come!"
76561198028315701,Recommended,242680,27884051,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheKnuckle,"If you like entering bullet hell and dying constantly, this is for you. A+"
,Recommended,242680,28037011,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pizza Mutt,What can I say about this game that hasn't already been said. It's that good :)
,Recommended,242680,28037780,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Shrimple,"Nuclear Throne is an excellent fast-paced shooter. You'll die over and over again, and enjoy it."
,Recommended,242680,28026300,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,marbs,it's good
76561198077775159,Recommended,242680,27996475,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FuzzyOcelot,"This game is incredible. Even though I'm really bad at bullet hell games like this, its still amazingly fun. If I die, I just get more determined to get further!"
,Recommended,242680,20102663,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lum,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game
,Recommended,242680,20102686,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lanz37,"The more I play, the more I learn it's intricacies and discover little easter eggs Vlambeer threw in there. Excellently made, and an absolute joy to play.Pray to RNJesus for Melting."
,Recommended,242680,20170985,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ouu,Very fun fast-paced arcade action. I would really like to see online co-op though.
76561198263899282,Recommended,242680,20171096,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,007.sam.moore,Awesome shoot'em up game!
76561198100992279,Recommended,242680,20192768,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Nyfigen,the binding of borderlands. on steoroids
76561197965955403,Recommended,242680,20195468,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,HighHemplar,This is one of those game that you can play every now and then for a few minutes whenever you got the need to play something somewhat mindess and fast paced.
,Recommended,242680,19988474,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Thomas,"Nuclear Throne is an incredibly well made example of a rogue-like and definitely one of my favorite games. If you've played games like The Binding of Isaac and Spelunky there is a high likeliness you'll enjoy this, but don't let my words confuse you because this game is all of it's own flavour. There are a bunch of cute little mutants to play as in the game, and all of them have their own unique special abilities, ie: Crystal's Shielding Ability. The art style is beautiful and all of the visuals in the game contrast so well together in the apocolyptic setting, even with it's brighter theme. There's not a whole lot I would change about this game, and what I would change is very small and pretty much irrelevant to talk about. It's well worth the money and although you might die a ton before even getting close to completing the game, you'll still enjoy yourself quite a bit."
76561198243840790,Recommended,242680,20203245,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,pockets,Good game.
,Recommended,242680,20203321,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,peeboy,"basically the perfect ""pick up and play"" gameit's fast, addicting, deep, and challengingemphasis on that last part"
,Recommended,242680,20206767,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,deadmeat,"shoot the thing, get the thing, die"
,Recommended,242680,13623706,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,foxxo,"How to Play Nuclear Throne:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUKFN5NPjQ0In a nutshell.Keep fighting, no fear, health is irrelevant, luck."
76561198161064979,Recommended,242680,23462978,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,-W3E- ▼sm1leyplug,"it i great, wrench is the  best"
,Recommended,242680,23426830,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,🅱 A K E D D 💯,This game sucks.Much ''Enter the Gungeon'' copy!oh wait..
,Recommended,242680,23442480,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Corvus Dementire,"After playing it for a while, every time, before i start doing something, I say to myself FLASHYN!!!"
,Recommended,242680,20050974,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Boomstick (Lemon),A amazing rogue like that for people like me should take a while to reach the throne i like the feel and the music for this game
,Recommended,242680,20918521,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Monster_sEBA,in a nutshell:-start-kill some bad guys-get to the next area-die :C-repeat
,Recommended,242680,24358922,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,∆aron,"Outstanding game for now a reduced price, this game will bring you a large fear of  explosions, screen shake, and death. If you love top down shooters such as Hotline Miami, this is a must have title in your libraryAlso, with the introduction with Nuclear Throne Together (Yellowafterlife) you can play online with your pals! The mod is free and has steam intergration.Basicly, just buy it."
,Recommended,242680,24416021,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Arainai,"This game is hard as balls. I've played more than what it says because I've had it since early access, but my friend and I for the life of us cannot beat this game yet. I do recommend it though if you are looking for a challenge. Prepare to die before you can even realize what happened."
76561198052689575,Recommended,242680,24043524,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sanpaku,Things I hate:1. not reaching the nuclear throne2. 1
76561198067874408,Recommended,242680,12456488,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,liverlyncher,i love this game so far and hope vlambeer keeps working on it. i mostly bought it for the local co-op and hopefully soon there will be four player local co op and online co op. Thats basicaly all this games needs and maybe a better start screen.
76561198036095184,Recommended,242680,12459174,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,lilreaper88,"There is a bug where if you have a gamepad plugged in and you put it on coop you can not go to any of the options menus. You can only pick characters and start games.Also, if you are using the gamepad it does not allow you to quit the game. Have not been able to play it longer than 5 minutes yet due to that bug. But I look forward to it when it is fixed. Love these styles of games."
76561198059544575,Recommended,242680,12499172,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,FintiFlushka,Nice game!!!
76561198000338113,Recommended,242680,12517644,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,nalogg,"Why this game rules:1) Fast-paced2) exceptionally good music (rare in indie games)3) awesome pixelized animation (like cave story meets metal slug)4) GUNS GUNS GUNS (and space-guns)5) a lot of playable characters to fit your playstyle6) INSANE attention to detail.7) Humor!I am incredibly surprised at how good this game is. As I write this, I've only owned it for a day and have made it half way (I think) to the throne, so it might be a little short. IMO, It's worth the regular price, but on sale it's a MUST BUY."
,Recommended,242680,12572866,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Carefully Executed Kuma,"The best way to describe Nuclear Throne would be to say it's a mix of The Binding of Isaac and Hotline Miami. Random generation, very difficult, 'twin stick' gameplay, and a variety of characters, bosses, and enemies for you to play as, or kill, and a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack.If you're a fan of either of those games, The Binding of Isaac primarily, you will have a blast with this game.And don't let Early Access make you wary of purchasing this gem, as this is Early Access done right. Constant updates, cool devs, and soliciting advice from fans. This is what all games should be like in Early Access, and you have to commend Vlambeer for getting this right."
,Recommended,242680,12472603,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Sigh,"Very fast paced, unforgiving game. Definitely worth more than $13."
76561198024677975,Recommended,242680,12483290,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,dillpickle d dog,"I love it, it's frustrating, it's hard to beat, and it's awesome. I'm hoping however that controller support will get better, and that there will be steam achievements and trading cards. More characters would also be super cool, but I'm guessing it'll be a while until that happens."
,Recommended,242680,12490634,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SalmonPunch,"Awesome indi game, kinda like Isaac but maybe more frantic and less customization (but more guns). Updates all the time which is always a good sign!"
76561198010569106,Recommended,242680,12492195,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,CRISPY [BACON],OMG This game is so much fun. BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198177082522,Recommended,242680,23541782,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ъпсурт,"A very relaxing rogue-like game. I""ve enjoyed every single minute of playing it. Disclaimer: the game is not intended to be played for over 35 minutes. It just gets frustrating. Also the controls feel good and it""s easy to learn the mechanics."
,Recommended,242680,23513440,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Doofy,"Well...This game is good not gonna lie but it was missing some things that I was hoping for. For example, there is no multiplayer and you start over and over again which I was not expecting. Just know what you're buying when you get this game. Now the game is great. It's very casual and pretty laidback and it's great if you just wanna get your mind off of wahtever you're doing and take a quick break."
,Recommended,242680,23111811,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Trioct,The Meta: The GameUltra Shovel + Super Plasma Cannon makes the game an endurance test. You just carve your way through enemies for hours straight.But it's still fun sometimes I guess.Kek
76561198028847349,Not Recommended,242680,20335557,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Cool Zlata,without multiplayer this game gets you bored in a hour.this game feels like a Phone game where you have to rush for everything. I guess it should be fun but trust me its just gets ennoying.. Spawns are random and maps are small so you have 40% change to spawn next to a horde of enemies who rekt u in 10 sec.2/10PS: my opinion
,Recommended,242680,23331415,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Kluten,I bought this on sale and im amashed of myself. I wish i could wait until full price then buy it twice.
76561197962582578,Recommended,242680,23776182,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kame,"Addicting, very very challenging, makes you wanna get better!"
,Recommended,242680,23776201,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,cardboardArtillery,ProsGreat GameplayAmazing WeaponsGreat EffectsEyesConsPlantHorror
,Recommended,242680,23743762,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DuoKidd,"In the words of Mad max, You Live, you die, You live again!What a game, what a lovely Game!"
,Recommended,242680,23759047,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Baba Yaga,great mate no debate i rate it 8/8. still dont expect to squeeze more than a few hundred hours out of this game Kappa
,Recommended,242680,23647085,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ONION,"I have more hours logged on this game than on all the others in my library combined, and I know I paid less for it than most. Don't miss this one! Compared to most other games, the mechanics are simple, but this game gives you a lot of leeway when it comes to playstyles. In my opinion, this is the formula for a great game. Look at minecraft, released seven years ago, it still has a HUGE playerbase! Creativity is encouraged in a world with simple rules and bright colors. Now, this game is a lot harder than Minecraft; you'll die a lot. That said, I've never been noticably frustrated by dying in this game. The game can go on forever if you know how, so dying is almost always the way I conclude my runs. The game is also very attractive through it's punchy audio and bright, fast graphics. Nuclear Throne is almost as fun to watch as it is to play."
76561198046512828,Recommended,242680,23643670,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Neg,"great game by vlambeer, everything can kill you in 1-2hits ( except maggots ). very addictive cured my cancer"
,Recommended,242680,23652801,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Long Arms,"Great game, main problem being THOSE ♥♥♥♥ING LOOP FLY THINGS"
,Recommended,242680,23695452,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,dirt,"I keep wanting to play this game even though its really hard. Really fun, especially with a friend, but just incredibly hard also."
76561198066121861,Recommended,242680,21347301,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SquattingChineseMan,"This game has been giving me hours of fun, definatly pick it up if you can"
,Recommended,242680,21624359,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bleen kupeet Pyure ili net,PAM BA-BA-BA-BAAAAAAAM
76561198248789442,Recommended,242680,21623067,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Cosmic Tree Stalker,eddie
76561197989449898,Recommended,242680,21517309,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,|OO| Ser Jorah,Wow soooo much fun!
,Recommended,242680,21514115,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheLowGodPrim,amazazing
,Recommended,242680,21514558,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,VYZN',fml.
,Recommended,242680,24124232,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,das Maddendoc,"Kicks you booty and ul be huntin that booty back,oh and my throne victory doesent save..."
,Recommended,242680,24151747,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,CB120,"This game is amazing, worth the $11.99 price tag it has, infact id pay double for it. Only problem i have with the game is it has CO-OP which is kinda useless... good thing there a mod for the game to allow online CO-OP :)Must buy !!"
,Recommended,242680,24172918,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Frizzy,"Nuclear Throne is a fantastic game. A rogue-like, bullet hell, critical thinking game is brilliant. Especially the lore, the gameplay, the characters, they all fit together. Although I think where this game really shines is a mod known as Nuclear Throne Together. This is the same thing as Nuclear Throne, but with online multiplayer. This game is a ton of fun, and with NTT, it only gets better."
76561198048234009,Recommended,242680,17332847,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Giant Rat That Makes Rules,This is my favourite game it has so much replayability and endless fun. If you enjoy isaac you will love this. 15/5. Like Skyrim with guns
,Recommended,242680,25581206,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Piggle Dapperton VII (Friengi),jus♥♥♥♥enguuuuud(also double robot op)
76561198032693917,Recommended,242680,19923561,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jestre,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,242680,25550946,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Dat Shyguy,"Do you remember those crane games at the local arcade? Remember how you spent hours of frustration trying to get that one lousy toy that for whatever reason the crane seemed to always drop, and then do you remember the satisfaction you gained from finally recieving said toy after hours of time and thousands of quarters?Nuclear throne is like that, but with more mutants, radiation, and guns.(and less wasted quarters)"
,Recommended,242680,21947611,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Fedya,"REVIEW UPDATE #1a-26.09.2016After consideration, I don't think it's fair that to not recommend the game based on what I think is a broken mechanic. Definitely recommending this game. It's great, fast-paced and addictive. The opening music if bloody fantastic.But I do wish there was a way to at least hurt an enemy when you're out of ammo or do not have a melee weapon, because it a shame to have to sometimes stuck in a level where you can't do anything about it and you have to kill yourself and restart the game.Also kind of wish this game can be played in 60fps or higher. That would be freaking awesome.★★★★☆REVIEW-21.03.2016The only reason why I don't recommend this game is because of the somewhat broken ammo drops. I am not kidding at all, it ruins an otherwise a fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic game.I was in the farthest run I had in this game, and I'm stuck in a level with a minion who I can't shoot back due my guns being empty. What an anti-climatic way to end a run. And yes, I didn't come across any melee weapons throughout that playthrough. It's shame for such a fun game to be drag down by one tiny broken mechanic. Will change my review if the developers fix this issue."
,Recommended,242680,25726914,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,noclip,gut
76561198148914494,Recommended,242680,25334689,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,"Cat, a grey one","Other than the complete ""utter everything kills you"", this game is the good♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy this game if you love pixel shooters"
,Recommended,242680,25413864,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,T'torify,"Great game if you like games like binding of isaac and shooters you'll love this, has as good as no ingame problems, besides dying way too often from rng, which can be pretty frustrating"
,Recommended,242680,25420941,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,|Bread|,"Geez. This game is unforgiving. But if you can get past the learning curve (or maybe you're like me and driven by the frustration) then you have a rogue-like with a boat load of content, a bunch of class, and addicting skill-intensive gameplay.I'd even say there is so much content that you could argue the achievements verge on friggin' impossible to get without save editing."
76561198152265844,Recommended,242680,25420268,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,hellcase.com (CHUD),kll mr
76561198062368001,Recommended,242680,22510081,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Dr. Daddy Ted,"Nuclear Throne is an extremely fast paced, randomly generated, top down shooter that is in the end, marketed to people that may enjoy a challenge. If you're looking for a fun experience under a pretty cheap price, I think that you will get that from this game, but be warned, Nuclear Throne is one of the hardest video games to master and conquer fully. If you're looking to play it casually, you probably won’t get too far without putting it down forever, as it does take a while to get the handle of if you're not an avid gamer and is extremely unforgiving to mistakes. To reiterate, it's not like the game can't be played casually, it's just that it probably won’t serve as a source of enjoyment for people that only want fun from a video game, as it is very centered around the challenges to overcome. Now that I've covered that, let's start with what I actually think of the game.Nuclear Throne is essentially what could be described as a roguelike, similar to such experiences as Spelunky or The Binding of Isaac, but with an enhanced focus on the gameplay and less focus on the more methodical feel that the aforementioned games operate on. Nuclear Throne doesn’t have any items like you would find in either Spelunky or Isaac, but purely functions on a leveling system and random gun drops, all of which feature different abilities, and all of which are very fun to use and experiment with. The game is also very well known for its difficulty, and is in combination with its music and art style what make Nuclear Throne a unique experience from any other game. The amount of polish to make this game feel unique is very present, and the final product absolutely shows the amount of care that the developers put into making it.I would not say that this game is not without its flaws, such as the late game still needing some huge overhauls and some final aspects being added to make for a smoother experience, but I think that it still serves as a good challenge and enjoyable experience in the long run. Considering it's as cheap as it is, I would consider picking it up if you like the type of genre that the game belongs to."
,Recommended,242680,25362683,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sortilege,Still havent made it to the throne but Im optimistic.
76561198083526405,Recommended,242680,25352570,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ChurroEater543,"This game is pretty good, I wish they took out the stupid looping mechanic with the genrators. Other than that, solid game"
,Recommended,242680,25354061,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Horns,Says i've only played this game 5.2 hours though i've likely clocked in well over 100 hours (mostly played it offline). This game is difficult! I've only made it to the Nuclear Throne once and it destroyed me in seconds. You'll be highly frustrated with it at times but you can't stop. Maybe someday when I'm in my 50s I may actually destroy that funky apocalyptic throne!
,Recommended,242680,25388789,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Soup,"Reaper's ""DIE! DIE! DIIIEEEE!"" quote really fits this game."
,Recommended,242680,25406120,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,SCP-2662,"I've been playing this game on and off for about a year and it still is incredible. I don't have too much experience with roguelites but I always find myself coming back to NT's brand of fast-paced ""oh god how do i not die"" action."
76561198035980641,Recommended,242680,25406124,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,st4rbeast,"I don't know what compelled me to buy this game, I didn't know I liked bullet hells. As it turns out, I do, and this game is massively fun. Very difficult, very replayable, the characters each play very distinctly. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,242680,7457404,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,OvB | NukNuk,Enjoying this game so far.  It's quite hard!  I have yet to make it past world 3.2Randomly generated top down schmup/bullethell/permadeath game.  Different characters add different play styles!  Fun music and addictive gameplay.
,Recommended,242680,12136515,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,DrCD,For an Early access game the game is pretty well polished. Few bugs but nothing too game breaking.Game is for sure very hard and RNG will save or kill you.$13 can't go wrong.
,Recommended,242680,12207155,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Alex Roca,"Even before release already feels like a modern classic. Extremenly fun, fast paced, addictive, cool neo-retro pixel art, great music, great gameplay and challenging but not fustrating difficulty and a proper difficulty curve tuned for the old school arcade players.Regarding the game concept and design, it mixes both old classic ideas from several genres with a frew fresh, new, cool touches that when merged in a never seen before way blend perfectly.If you want modern next gen visuals or easy stuff it isn't your game. But if you want roguelike classic, fun and challenging arcade action with some neo-retro touches then it's your game.They also updated frequently during the early-access process tweaking and tuning the game in addition to completing the missing parts listening to the community feedback, which is always great. And even if it's on Early Access, it already felt like a finished, polished game since while ago. So go and buy it!"
76561198104637172,Recommended,242680,12212711,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Skinny Cat,Stupid but fun...
76561198013529421,Recommended,242680,12199139,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sekuso,"Great game, should definetly check it out!"
,Recommended,242680,12199703,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jeck,"Do you like shooting? Dodging bullets? Gameplay that is constantly challenging while feeling fresh and new, a large set of varied characters that each have subtly different play styles? This game is all of that. It's short, too, with a perfect game taking about half an hour-- but it'll take you hours and hours of enjoyable practice to beat it. One of my all time favorites."
76561198064293444,Recommended,242680,12200066,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Justivus Rex,"Fun Rouge-like Shooter.Super Power upgrades. Lots of unique guns.(Lightning Gun,Triple Machine Gun, Flak Cannon....many,many more )  One of the best early access games I have played. Regularly updated.Vlambeer makes fun, addictive games and this is another one."
,Recommended,242680,12210217,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mother Panic,A great fast paced rogue-like.
,Recommended,242680,11385517,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,eeeedlr,"If you like punishing roguelikes and bullet hell type games you will have a blast with this game once you die about 400 times. It is a very rough start, I actually put the game down for a while before returning to it. With each play through you get better and better and slowly crawl your way through each of the levels. I am loving it so far, but this game can be pretty brutal.Have yet to try out the coop mode, but I have loved all of the improvements that have been added since its appearance on early access. A++"
76561198095197409,Recommended,242680,20142767,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,krazykidt36,Needs online multiplayer.
76561198207789172,Recommended,242680,20196846,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,The pussy Game Ridiculous,its ♥♥♥♥ing dank
76561198271922126,Recommended,242680,20130319,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,sansy,"this is a really cool game! :D im not the best at it but im semi-decent at crystal, horror, and yv. its really fun as long as you are prepared to die. ALOT."
76561198141053460,Recommended,242680,20239443,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Daedalus,"Just buy it and have some fun, because it's a great ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,242680,19838944,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,V-JOLT,"this is a great game ,  it's very reminicant of the binding of Isaac in a good way .  gun variety and unlocks keep me coming back to play more , randomly generated levels , fun characters with useful abilities and perks , cool music.I was suprised how stratigic and chaotic it is at the same time."
,Recommended,242680,19837765,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Goath,Amazing.
,Recommended,242680,19850861,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kicker,"I have a little experience with Roguelikes, nameley FTL, Binding of Issac, Sword of The Stars: The Pit, Eldritch, and while they hold my attention for a brief time Nuclear Throne has become my new drug of choice. Every aspect of it is highly polished, tuned, and just a pleasure on the eyes and ears. I constantly find myself playing ""just one more round"" and quickly losing track of time.It gets very difficult and I still haven't seen most of the game, but I am getting better and that sense of player empowerment is rare these days. I had a chance to play this game at PAX Prime about 3 years ago and it's come a long way - definitely worth the wait."
,Recommended,242680,19851311,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Moosewing,"An amazingly fun game that's very difficult but rarely frustrating. There's very little about this game I don't love, from the amazing soundtrack to the varying playstyles offered by each of the 12 characters, the various well hidden secrets to the very nice looking art. One of my favorite games in recent years.The biggest problems this game has are hard mode, which, at the moment, is incredibly unbalanced and not fun, and the lack of many interesting bosses (out of the 9 bosses in the game, I only find 3 to be very interesting)."
76561198060106364,Recommended,242680,19849420,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Shortstuff,"This game, whilst very is difficult, is never unfair. I love it, and it always provides a challenge. The gameplay is yet to become stale and i dont think it will ay time soon - there is so much to discover that you will always have something to do. That said i am yet to finish the game, as the permadeath style means you must complete it all in one go. I would definitely reccomend this to anyyone who likes bullet hell style games."
,Recommended,242680,13426609,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Reaperbahn,"UPDATED REVIEW 12/23=========Nuclear Throne is an excellent example of how roguelike (lite) shooters should be.Pros=====+Excellent art.  Every sprite is hand crafted to perfection.+Frantic, fun, energetic action.  The game is frantic, frenzied, and frenetic.  Never a dull moment.+Skill based gameplay.  The game doesn't get easier, you get better.+Huge variety of enemies and weapons.  Hundreds.  You'll never be bored.+Multiple playable characters with widely different abilities.+Extreme replayability.  Die, rinse, repeat, and you'll ♥♥♥♥ing love it.+One of the best soundtracks I've heard this year.Cons=====-Leaderboards are not currently functional.-Can be frustrating after your nth death.-Can occasionally die in cheap ways.Overall=====For the current price weighed against the sheer fun I had playing this, and the incredible replayability and the constant updates by a responsible development team, 13-odd dollars is a steal.  I highly reccommend this if you enjoy games like Hero Siege or The Binding of Isaac.10/10, Highly Recommended.  Buy this game."
,Recommended,242680,19864691,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,jstymie,"This was a bigger surprise for me than even Undertale this year -- Nuclear Throne hooked me.  It's FTL and Risk of Rain in a blender, and it works.  The game can get a little tough, but it's really rewarding, too.  This pulled me away from a Bloodborne run, and getting to the Nuclear Throne for the first time felt more accomplished than anything I've done in Bloodborne so far.You will occasionally have a ""WTF"" death, but the game is mostly pretty fair.  There's a good deal of luck involved with what weapon drops you get and how some of the boss rooms spawn, but situations like that are part of the rogue-like appeal.Good music, good art design -- really nothing bad to say here."
,Recommended,242680,20778579,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,AnimeTrapGrill,can we get gun godz moved to steam?
76561198029859627,Recommended,242680,21041711,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dogscrotum,"Absolutely one of the best roguelikes I've played. Insanely tight game design, nothing is wasted, nothing is lacking."
,Recommended,242680,21008355,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ion,"Easily one of my favorite games. Very unique and fast-paced, have played a long time and still haven't even seen the ending boss (have been to the level before him, so close :,) ). Amazing game"
,Recommended,242680,20997314,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,PikachuUsedSurf,this game is soo much fun
,Recommended,242680,21019960,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Zero,"Easy to pick up, hard to put down. This game is very easy to learn and play but it is very hard to be great at it. It has really nice art as well.The controls are very intuitive as well, I am a mouse and keyboard person and I feel that the controls are very good."
76561197970776743,Recommended,242680,20970997,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,morfaine,"Unforgiving twin stick shooter rogue like. A lot of players complain that the game is unfair but all deaths can be planned against and avoided, it just takes time to build your playstyle ans strategy until it's all muscle memory.There's so much randomness and so many unlocks that theres things you haven't seen even after 100 hours in. I still laugh at deaths I've had because they are so unexpected but so obvious in hindsight.Best rogue-like I've played, ever."
,Recommended,242680,20994170,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Punished gOOLY,"If you're a masochist and you're looking for a rogue-like, bullet hell madness that will make you hate all sorts of Hunters, especially small ones, buy this game."
76561198111278592,Recommended,242680,21010746,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ROINI,good game must buy if you like rogue likes but it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and will need breaks lol
,Not Recommended,242680,21015172,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ron Jeremy's fluffer,"Really great game when it works however it's plagued with too many bugs and glitches.Not sure if due to using Gamemaker or negligence by the company, but this game crashes about 15% of the time during playing.With this type of game (insta-death & full restart), this can be extremely frustrating especially if you make it far into the game.Other bugs occur such as not being able to even start a game since selecting SP or COOP in the menu does nothing, resizing can sometimes causes graphical bugs & you will have to restart, or just graphical bugs right off the bat."
76561198070400288,Recommended,242680,20691504,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,tv eye,Feels good to play :)
,Recommended,242680,20692030,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,hepatitisdd,This game is the definition of 'bullet hell.' Damn good time.
,Recommended,242680,20700553,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,XVI - The Tower,I can't remember loving a game that makes me this ♥♥♥♥ing angry before.
76561198041102932,Recommended,242680,20742772,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Tao Amanti,"This is a really good game, albeit a little short. I really hope the devs improve it over time, adding new content, and maybe even online co-op"
,Recommended,242680,20686376,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,epifania,"i cant stop playing *-*and stop dying..really,how could a game be so hard"
,Recommended,242680,20416448,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,burlapjack,"As a major fanboy of anything Vlambeer, I approve of this game.  Explosions, screenshake, and sweet tunage all included."
,Recommended,242680,20413665,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,clad,I give it the clad seal of approval.I am clad and I approve this message.
76561197997927004,Recommended,242680,20408682,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,downstrait,"This game is what it promises to deliever. No fancy story line, graphics or a third dimension, just pure and utter fast-paced and chaotic fun, no matter how good you are at these sort of games. Lots of replayability too and def one I expect to round up at least 100 hours in, depsite it's minor flaws."
76561198100536294,Recommended,242680,16687694,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Derku,R.I.P. my sanity.
,Recommended,242680,20412474,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Philiard,"Nuclear Throne is one of my favorite games ever, and it feels criminal to not write a recommendation for it. Nuclear Throne is an action roguelike about mutants in a post-apocalyptic world all seeking one thing; the mythical 'Nuclear Throne'. On their journey to the Throne, they'll fight bandits, rats, robots, birds, crystals, crystal spiders, the popo and more. The game is incredibly difficult, but also incredibly difficult, and will eat up hours of your time as you replay again and again, trying to get further than you did previously. In terms of roguelike games, this one is the cream of the crop, and I'd absolutely recommend it if you're looking for one of the most tense and enjoyable experiences you can get in gaming."
,Recommended,242680,20282002,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jeremiah Cheesedanish,Big Bandit overpowered.
76561198198312434,Recommended,242680,20282232,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Today I'm April's Fool,"FISH CAN ROLL STRAIGHT IN TO YOUR HEART!!! This game is fantastic, the community, the gameplay, the god damm charaters, they all are great. ps. not to mention the great music."
76561198030399306,Recommended,242680,20280739,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fundamental Baptist,"This game is so addictive. I've never played a game like this where I didn't mind to start all over again. Shooting with all the different weapons is extremely pleasant, and mowing down through waves of enemies with the mini-gun is literally the best thng ever. The enemies are all original and threatening in their own ways, and the playable characters all have different play-styles, which are all fun to try out. Although the game can be very unforgiving at times, dying is very much your fault most of the time. The art style and story are both really nice.The randomness of the dungeons is a downside in some cases, for example when spawning right in the open and dying immediately, or, in the Scrapyard or Frozen City, spawning in a tight corridor with a car in your way, which can accidentally lead to a very explosive death. Although it has some minor cons, this game is a very fresh and welcome addition in my library, and I recommend it to all.P.S. ♥♥♥♥ the ♥♥♥♥ing rats goddamn ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,242680,20309680,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,I'm Tiny Rick!!!,"Really fun game, love rogue-likes.  The daily/weekly challenges are a good source of competition, though the leader boards never populate for me.  Game crashes _all the time_ for me, though, so I can't be very competitive for two reasons.    I wish the cross hairs wouldn't extend all the way across the screen but instead in a fixed radius around your character,   Oh well.  Also wish that there were some better hints behind the locked levels/gear as there is very little way of finding it and the base game is a bit light without it."
,Recommended,242680,20307669,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Xylox,YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
76561198068765145,Recommended,242680,20308141,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Cericus,"Chaotic, dangerous fun for the whole family. A must buy for anyone a fan of rogue-likes."
76561198047441251,Recommended,242680,20296976,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,misko,"Extremely fun game, probably one of my favorite indie games out there. It's difficult and challenging and if you're not used to rogue-like, bullet hell styled games you might struggle in the beginning, but the game is fun even if you're not doing too well and is simple enough that you will improve relatively quickly. You can play the game as a balls-to-the-wall shooter where you charge in and kill everything the best you can or as a cover-based shooter using longer ranged weapons to pick off enemies. You will find yourself just enjoying the game for its colourful and smooth gameplay that can get very intense and heated in fierce firefights.Pros:- Very intense yet simple at the same time gameplay.- Is challenging and difficult yet also beginner friendly with a tolerable learning curve.- Colourful, challenging, and interesting bosses (Bonus: The boss cutscenes are a good touch)- Gameplay is very smooth and polished; haven't run into any bugs or glitches yet.- Lots of enemy types with varying strengths, weaknesses, and threat levels.- Lots of fun weapons and weapon types.- Lots of unique and fun characters that are well balanced and varied.- Lots of replayability; will likely return to the game from time to time- Co-Op mode for playing with friends.- Isn't graphic intensive and will play on almost any machine.Cons:- Music can get repetitive at times; not too much of a factor.I'd rank it 9.5/10, worth its price ($12.99 CAD at the time of this review being written)"
,Recommended,242680,20263210,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,VicManwich,umm NOTICE ME SENPAI!!!
,Recommended,242680,20259407,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MORPHEUS,"Nuclear Throne is the best Newgrounds flash game I've ever played.That is a compliment, and this game is in fact worth 12 dollars."
76561197961986485,Recommended,242680,19702433,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Chunderfield,Amazingly good. Quality and replayability is right up there with The Binding of Isaac.
76561198040459669,Recommended,242680,20286382,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Pumpkin,It's like putting a nail in your toe and kicking a wallWould Recommend 10/10 Game
,Recommended,242680,20274957,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Tannu,"Really nice action game. Accessible as heck. Very good for just jumping in and trying some new things or seeing what weapons you get. Unlocks help keep you coming back for more. Good way to reset after a long session in Crusader Kings or what have you!Controls and weapons feel really well tuned. They just feel *right*.Nice variety of characters, enemies and levels.Really hard to find any fault in this lil gem! Buy it and have fun."
,Recommended,242680,20466972,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,RileThunder,Pretty damn solid. I'm only around 2.5 hrs on the game and I am having fun so far.
,Recommended,242680,20467815,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Senor Koquonfaes,Fish can roll
,Recommended,242680,20464288,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Igor Bogdanoff,"really good, very fun, good soundtrack"
,Recommended,242680,22117262,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,FailTeck,"I have spent 73 hours on this game at the time of review. I REGRET NOTHING. This is definately one of the best rougelike games out there, if not the best. The fast-paced mayhem and constant stream of bullets everywhere just adds to the fun. Plus, its got a man fish. who used to be a police officer. and can roll. a lot. 'Nuff Said."
,Recommended,242680,22114291,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ceiis,"Play this game and learn to hate lil hunter like the rest of us. And no, hate isn't too strong of a word."
76561198271135804,Recommended,242680,20741148,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,JoJo,"This game made me wish i was never born. well no, if i was never born, i would not be playing this beautiful game wishing i was never born. It's a good game. An amazing game."
76561198058314898,Recommended,242680,20739234,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TheMage54,This is a great game that I have played over and over again for many hours. Highly recommend it!
76561198101828984,Not Recommended,242680,21245832,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,brainslugs83,"1.) It's lot's of fun.2.) It's very buggy. -- Not limited to crashing -- but just sayin', I've never seen a game crash so often / so consistently. -- Some of the power ups / mutations don't actually do what they say they do.3.) It feels incomplete -- not a ""real"" rogue like -- you don't do much exploring or equipping of items -- I feel like there should be more of that stuff. -- It's got a cool combat engine, but that's all it is, is a really polished combat engine demo. :-/"
,Recommended,242680,20986735,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ThatGuyUSA,"*~*~SPOILERS AHEAD~*~*>buys game>play immediately>was originally going to try it out and refund it>got addicted>finally gets to snow city>sees Lil' Hunter>dies immediately>resets>many, many, MANY deaths later reaches labs and unlocks steroids>uses steroids and seems not bad>many, many, many, many, many, many, many, runs later>sees capability>dual wield electric rifle and hyper slugger>reaches Nuclear Throne>kills Nuclear Throne>kills Skype chat's friend's ears>sits on Nuclear Throne>watches as credits pass by and loves/hates Vlambeer10/10 would literally do it over and over again"
,Recommended,242680,22151486,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,reopucino,absolutely game with challenging enemies
,Recommended,242680,22112827,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,7aZeM,"Very fun game. Even if it is difficult (I can't even make it past stage 3-2!), it's still a fun game with an interesting concept and characters that are unique in their abilities."
76561198126452117,Recommended,242680,22135075,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Fpoon,"Fun randomly generated rogue-like with different mutations, characters and weapons to keep things interesting on your quest to reach the irradiated armchair. Not enough people play it sadly. : ("
,Recommended,242680,22545939,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Salamander,"Damn this game is so cool. The atmosphere of the decaying world with the lone adventurers is impeccable. The sound design is absolutely stunning and each shot, bash, and pop in the game's action has a real tangible weight behind it with a punchy powerful sound to match. The story is interesting - as much as there is one - and the characters all have personality and uniqueness. The game is really pretty minimalistic which is part of its charm. It is a pared down action SHMUP and it only takes about fifteen minutes to make a run that feels successful and rewarding."
76561198070870505,Recommended,242680,22558664,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Jotaro Kujo,I have 9 hours so farI haven't even killed the final boss10/10 Best 12 dollars i've spent in a long time
,Recommended,242680,22560170,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,WeKilledGod,"This is a great game that drives me crazy at times.  I'm not skilled at it yet, but it's always fair enough that I want to come back for more.  I will quit out of the game after a stupid death, but it's my own fault when it happens.Pros:Level generation is varied and works to give you a new experience each playControls are extremely tight.Weapons are a lot of fun, they all feel very powerful.  Reminds me of DOOM here.Cons:You might want to punch yourself in the♥♥♥♥♥♥for stupid decisions while playing."
,Recommended,242680,18015157,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,MINIVENOM,"I love this game, but it is VERY hard. The movement feels weighty and fluent. The abilities are awesome. Along with the soundtrack, but the difficulty turned me away from the game for a while, I recently came back, practiced and was able to loop. If you want to get into games like this maybe try a less difficult option, then come play this game its awesome!"
76561198050084194,Recommended,242680,22531032,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Young jiyuna,"This is one of the most adictive games i have played in years! fun game play, intresting world, colerfull charaters."
76561198046848856,Recommended,242680,22540867,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,antoinecxxxii,"""The binding of Miami"" ;)"
76561198085171148,Recommended,242680,22504595,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ragefist,its gay
76561198058742922,Recommended,242680,22485683,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,00theduke00,A really challenging but fun game with awesome retro graphics and a variety of guns and characters
76561198142290842,Recommended,242680,22477519,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,pixel player,all the time i have played this gamei have never beat the gamefun but needs alot of time to master the gameand pray you are lucky enought
,Recommended,242680,22499654,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Hypno,This game is like Geometry Wars big brother... its great. guns. and special ablilities...
76561198001570498,Recommended,242680,21691549,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Gods Will,"Will you reach the nuclear throne?I hope so cuz I sure haven’t! This is a rather hard one where you will die and die often. It gives me that unending feel of determination where every failure you learn something new and you always make it just a little farther then you did last time. It’s cut from the same cloth as Binding of Isaac so if you like that you’ll probably enjoy this.Notably enjoyable differences however are a smaller pool of upgrades but with the trade-off of the upgrades being really good and game change in a lot of respects, especially when synergized with other upgrades. You also get to choose from a list of 4 every time and let me tell you, it’s rarely ever easy when it comes which one to grab. Enemies have a lot of complexity to them and analyzing how they move, when and how they attack and their own personal quarks leads to a rather fully realized environment. Characters are radically different and gear toward drastically varying playstyles.  even doing the beginning of the game over and over again never feels too easy and there is always enough danger to keep you alert and on guard.There are a few issues here and there. some enemies have frustrating abilities that can be tricky to remember in the heat of constant action, unlocking hidden characters requires some backward moon logic to discover (I looked it up and I recommend you do too) and every character, even the ones with more health feel like they got glass for bones and certain hazards can instantly kill you no matter how much health you got!The whole game feels like a literal wasteland. The worlds gone to hell and it’s up to you to attempt to navigate a cruel and uncaring world. If that sings to you then give this a shot. See if you dare reach the throne!PS. there is a character that makes air horn sounds and he’s the best for that single reason"
76561198201762211,Recommended,242680,21895998,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Pavan,this gaam is a gud
,Recommended,242680,21897360,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Squidlydibly,BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198058152243,Not Recommended,242680,21857175,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,tarage,"After playing this game for a few months, I'm ready to write a review. Nuclear Throne is a rogue-like shooter, so if you're looking for brainy challenges, this is not your game. There are no saves, so forget about making incremental progress. Each game is an all-or-nothing race into oblivion. Oblivion? Yup, because you will die, again, and again, and again, and never make any progress. And after months of playing this, I can honestly say it's one of the most frustrating games I've ever played because I can't get any better at it. Perhaps this is a personal problem, but I can't think it's purely a personal problem. I've never made it past level 5-3. I've seen crowns once. So, if you're looking for a sense of achievement, this isn't your game. Nuclear Throne does have funky retro graphics, addicting gameplay, decent music, and a great sense of immersion. For casual gamers, it's worth the money. Just don't expect it to be something it's not."
,Recommended,242680,21865660,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Denny's,This game has been nothing but punishment from the start. 10/10
76561198170045817,Recommended,242680,21873690,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Gargle the Dog,An amazing game with endless replayability. 10/10
,Recommended,242680,21879999,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Boo!!,Great way to pass time. I'm horrible haven't made it to the throne yet. Still super fun
,Recommended,242680,18625382,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Epic6600,Fantastic Game Highly Addictive
,Recommended,242680,21862244,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,The Actual Will Of God,This is a great rouge type game. Runs don't take as much of a commitment like runs in Issac or something else do due to the game being so fast paced. The developers are also pumping out updates quite frequently. I would suggest it 100%.
,Recommended,242680,21741933,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,5 things that arent Jackie Chan,the most fun ragequit you'll ever have ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,242680,21796186,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Dad Armstrong,I give it one Chip n Dale Rescue Ranger dvd out of 2
76561198042627248,Recommended,242680,21785129,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Oh worm?,Crystal can shield
,Recommended,242680,21780481,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Protohm Pyro,"Nuclear Throne his just one of those games that you feel, like becomes more than just a passion. Its just one of those games that you can talk to your friends about, but say more than just ""its a good game"". Its an indescribable, fun, and yet annoying game. But not in the bad way, more or less, you'll be annoyed over one of your deaths, but come back, because you know your getting better. In short, Its one hell of a game. And it'll stay like that."
,Recommended,242680,10330815,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Silver Blaze,"Checklist to become King of the Wasteland:1. Acquire Radiation Poisining.2. Aquire Weapons.3. Wreck face.4. Sit On The Throne.5. Wallow in your temporary victory.6. Restart.Highly recommended, Best Rougelike I've ever played. Well done Vlambeer."
,Recommended,242680,21670480,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sweet Tea Rakeem,"fantastic characters, guns, level design and shooting. I love almost all of it.lil hunter can go ♥♥♥♥ himself tho"
76561197967861921,Not Recommended,242680,21694959,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DustMan,conclusion: not fair thus should not be played by anyone ever.
76561197978007302,Recommended,242680,20056306,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DiegotheSlinger,One of my favorite rougelikes to come out in recent years.
76561198042900441,Recommended,242680,20074972,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Disco,You have not reached the Nuclear Throne. 11/10
,Recommended,242680,20070027,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,JAM!,Its easy...said no one ever.
,Recommended,242680,18674076,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Vetches,"Incredibly fast-paced roguelike-like which is both incredibly punishing with it's insane yet entirely fair difficulty and ridiculously rewarding when you somehow dodge 12,000 projectiles within a nano second. Easily my favourite roguelite and one of my favourite games."
,Recommended,242680,20082828,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PotassiumK19,Verrry verrry gud but in game u has to git gud 2 b gud
76561198016411868,Recommended,242680,19852583,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,c0mmanderKeen,"Awesome action game. Pretty tough, but incredibly rewarding to feel yourself rise to the challenge. Have not beaten it once in over 30 hours of attempts. Joined late during early access which saw excellent feedback response and communicaiton by the developer. Mouse / keyboard recommended but gamepad support is there if you are good at twin stick shooters."
76561198041862771,Recommended,242680,19863209,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,hopefullyapro,The Prime example of Early Access done right.
,Recommended,242680,19862046,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Frog Army1,Great game but the one thing i wish is that characters tranfered from devices
,Recommended,242680,20100252,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,HeWhosKnownAsIAm,"Amazingly fun 2D rogue-lite shooter.Lots to do, lots to see, and just as much to shoot at.Just watch out for the bugs. I have literally NEVER run into as many bugs as often as I do with this game. Crashes, broken mutations, geometry issues. Hell it feels like this game is a beta but apparently it's done.Great game just dont buy it at full price, if the devos cant be bothered to fix problems present over 2 years ago you shouldnt be bother to pay full price. Wait for a sale."
76561198053774299,Recommended,242680,20098206,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,borf,"Fun as hellI just got this game, played it for almost 3 hours straight and I'm still not even close to defeating the throne. High risk high reward game play and it is extremely addicting whether or not you are a casual gamer or a hardcore one. I'd defintely say its worth buying if you're into these type of casual/bullethell shooter games."
76561197970552278,Recommended,242680,20098631,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sorceror Bob,"In each game of Nuclear Throne, you start as one of a handful of characters, each with their own strengths, and at times, weaknesses.  That's it.  You're thrown straight into the action, with only the barest whisper of an over-arching narrative.  Upon your first death, you're told 'you did not reach the Nuclear Throne', thus fixing the games objective squarely in your sights.Perhaps I am getting old and slow, but I find Nuclear Throne fiendishly challenging.  As with most rogue-likes, progression is determined by a combination of luck, and of pure skill.  Your character levels up by collecting rads from fallen enemies.  Collect enough, and you can select one of a handful of mutations when you finish the level.  I find that luck of the draw at the earlier levels can be key, and collecting enough rads in the first stages to level up a couple of times can make future runs much easier.To assist in your quest, the game features a diverse arsenal of weapons, also dropped at random.  These range from melee to ranged, and players will come up with their own preferences.One thing the game does really well, is synergise the various systems.  On one of my most successful run throughs, I played as the Robot (can eat weapons for health and ammo, and has a chance to collect higher tier weapons).  Early on, I picked up the steady aim and shotgun shoulders mutations.  When combined with a double barrelled shotgun, a single blast would see a tight grouping of projectiles bounce off walls almost endlessly.  On constrained levels with few open areas, it was a very effective, and safe way of clearing levels.If that is a moment where everything has come together, I can cite many more where bad luck has lead to an unfortunate death.  One point of frustration involves the portals that are created when you clear a level.  These burst open, destroying all items around them, whilst pulling you toward them.  One set of levels feature cars that explode, and it seems to be my like that the portals open right on top of them, dragging my character to a swift explodey death.But, even with these moments, I'm still having loads of fun.  The controls are sharp with a keyboard and mouse combo (haven't tried with a controller), and death is but a momentary setback.  Games run so quick, that it's possible to recover lost progress in only a few minutes.Nuclear Throne is the perfect game to play when you only have a sneaky fifteen minutes or so, but also a great choice for longer plays.  Also a great option for mates, as the short game times work well in a 'life by life' arrangement."
,Recommended,242680,20099065,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Amethyst,High quiality arcade action on the same level as Super House of Dead Ninjas.
,Recommended,242680,20865112,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Plifet,"This game, my goodness, it will tear you apart, make you cry a little, but it will make you feel like the most intense fish in the world."
76561198082219313,Recommended,242680,20876080,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mikeu118,Only played a little and i've already got severe carpal tunnel.
76561198062063722,Recommended,242680,20826267,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,reinforced balaclava,Instructions were not clear.Got my fish stuck in crystal.
76561198021185307,Recommended,242680,20758710,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,rumyatm,Pretty Good
,Recommended,242680,18642197,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,beatnikbedlam,"i have put 95 hours into this game and i still have not beaten it yet. but somehow it's still one of my favorite games of all time??? honestly it stops being frustrating after a while, you just kind of accept defeat and have fun wth it.buy the game. buy the soundtrack. and definitely don't look up anything about the story if you don't like crying."
,Recommended,242680,20758984,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Chizzle,"- play one game- die horibbly- ""♥♥♥♥ this game"" quit*20 minutes later*- play one game- die horibbly- ""♥♥♥♥ this game"" quit*20 minutes later*- play one game- die horibbly- ""♥♥♥♥ this game"" quit-repeat for eternity"
,Recommended,242680,20759341,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Brownclown,It's good
76561198144920160,Recommended,242680,20695624,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,I Don't Have One,"Put it this way, when you have one of the best combos in the game and you're killed by something you have no control over, do you instantly restart or do you simply sit there and rage? When you're playing Nuclear Throne, you instantly restart. That's how good it is."
,Not Recommended,242680,20593466,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BR | I'll Show You Passive,"Tried really hard to like this game.  I'm a big fan of Rogue-likes, difficult ones, even; got the Real Platinum God achievement on Binding of Isaac Rebirth, but this game takes it a tad too far.  The difficulty, for ME, is just plain too cheap to be enjoyable.  It's the type of difficulty where you're playing a platformer and there's spikes on almost every floor tile.  The game is a classic example of cheap-shot or aritifical difficulty - there's traps all over the place that will insta-kill you with very little or no time to react whatsoever.  There's even monsters that can fly from offscreen moving 20-30 tiles per second and can kill you instantly.  You can chalk that up to planning and strategy, which may work for you, but for me, it just leaves a bad taste in the mouth.Some of this difficulty comes from bad decisions on the developers' part; being planted in near impossible situations, unfair boss spawns, for example.  Genuine difficulty and unfair difficulty are two different things.  One can argue that unfair difficulty adds to the experience and sense of accomplishment, requires more planning, strategy and luck, but I tend to disagree, it's just a cop-out.There is a boss called ""Li'l Hunter"" (sue me if the spelling's wrong) who will just jump down from the sky with no warning and probably instantly kill you with his ultra powerful shockwave.  Cool, i've played the game a few times, maybe now that I know his entry I can prepare for it.  Nope.  On his stage, you're likely to be dropped into a large open room surrounded by 10-20 dangerous enemies with no route of escape.  Once the boss appears, he flies around the screen like a maniac, spamming all kinds of overpowered weapons, WHILE YOU STILL HAVE TO DEAL WITH THE ENEMIES THAT ARE PART OF THE LEVEL.  Some of these situations would require a complex computer running complex scripts solving their own complex formulas to successfully navigate said situation.  This type of difficulty is not fair even for a Rogue-like.You may have fun with this game being that it's action packed and (loosely) follows the Rogue formula, and the game feels pretty fun to play overall, but the artificial difficulty ruins it for sure.  I wouldn't recommend."
,Recommended,242680,20694051,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,AlexIsBor3d,Entertaining if you already enjoy rogue-likeslike a 7-8/10
,Recommended,242680,20693335,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,avo,5/7 perfect score
76561198078148895,Recommended,242680,20696984,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Zapp Brannigan,Yung Venuz DEMANDS you give up your 12 hard earned dollars to make it to the nuclear throne. Dont be a busta! JUST BUY IT!
76561197960549525,Recommended,242680,20543654,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Zorgalord,Awesome-O
,Recommended,242680,20554148,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,TM06,Fun. Buy it.
,Recommended,242680,20555446,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Voyager IV,great game to pass the time and the designs are rad as hell and fun to doodle
76561198118496636,Recommended,242680,20631326,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Jam Spudling,I have never been so happy for a game to kick my teeth in this much. I love this game to bits regardless of how much I suck at playing it. Playing as the melted dude is so much damn fun
,Recommended,242680,20479495,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Harpmony,This game puts the hell in bullet hell
,Not Recommended,242680,20628303,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,DATAMERICA,Gamepad controls for this game broken but for that matter I can't get past the character select screen so maybe this entire game is broken.
,Recommended,242680,20597830,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,bdlance,little hunter♥♥♥♥♥destruction simulator 2016
,Recommended,242680,20409253,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,eaglelord200,"First of all this is an amazing game. Second this is a very hard game.You see those 36+ hours, yeah I haven't beaten the throne yet. Not even close.This game is a top-down shooter/bullethellPros:-12 great unlockable charachters with unique special skills-A huge variety of weapons that drop from dead enemies and weapon chests, ranging from classic weapons(shotgun, assault rifle,etc.) to gorgeous concept weapons(laser rifle, double flame shotgun, toxic bow, etc.)-Great soundtracks belonging to different areas-Unique bosses-And tons more amazing content not mentionned in this reviewCons:-Not for people who hate dying a lot in gamesOverall I give it a 10/10*Update*I've defeated the throne, after 50 hours into the game, and it feels amazing!The satistfaction you get once you defeat that infernal machine after trying so many times is unbeleivable. The best part is that that's not even the end, since you can loop the game if you do it right."
76561197989906616,Recommended,242680,20583592,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Steboost,"A streamlined twinstick shooter thats wired on a tony montana size pile of cocaine!One of those always hard, always playable games such as Spelunky, Downwell & Binding of Issac that uses random generation and a great set of items to give massive replayability.Top fun if you like that sort of thing."
76561198068714255,Recommended,242680,13622552,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,warllbrother,Really addicting and has tons of endless possibilitys and combinations of guns and such
,Recommended,242680,13615433,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pisces,vlambar this is hte first game i play made by you it is a little difficult but i love the challenge and i just keep getting better as i go when i first started got rekt by big bandit now im up to getting to the frozen city you get bettwer as you play great job i love it thanks for the game.
,Recommended,242680,13667462,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Salsburry,One of the most challenging and rewarding games I have played. Extraordinary replay value. Perfect execution by Vlambeer. Fun!
76561198006175856,Recommended,242680,7737557,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,TehMuddler,"Fast paced, brutally difficult, tons of fun! Borderlands + arcade shooter + ??? = profit!"
76561198143700842,Recommended,242680,13873971,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CtrlUltDeletd,It's an amazing game with an amazing variety of wepons. The characters have different specials and passives. It never gets old and is quite hard.
12637234724674282,Recommended,242680,12313305,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Bleez.vertigo,"+CONSTANT UPDATES (weekly)+Got a free extra copy to give away for christmas just for owning this game in my library.+Graphics and music are ace+Great arcade value because:Permanent death (but you can save somehow I think)Random level creation (has a seed system)A bunch of really awesome charactersA bunch of really awesome skillsA bunch of really awesome guns (50+)-Needs more secret stuff, easter eggs, etc..+/- Hard as a mf! Still haven't looped at 53 hours. But I must!! To the throne!!!"
76561197978500423,Recommended,242680,13852927,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Live To Tell,"This. Game. Is. RIDICULOUSLY AWESOME. @_@It is insanely easy to pick up, and easy to lose an hour playing. It's execution is pretty simple: Run and gun and run and gun and run and gun some more. I would call it a '7/8 top-down view' shooter with mouse-aimed firing. Randomly generated levels from specifically theme tilesets with enemies generously and liberally strewn about so there's PLENTY to shoot at and the scenery (at least the shape of it) is usually fresh and different. And the challenge gets MADDENINGLY DIABOLICAL! Yet, it will kick your butt again and again without leaving you feeling unwanted or uninvited.It's not ""You died. You suck. You should go away and play hopscotch where it's safe.""It's more like: ""OOOHH!! TSSSSS! Sorry bout your luck there, champ. Why don't you have another go, real quick? You can do it. You made it further that time! Whattaya say, pal?""And then, before you know it? The fifteen minute session you initially planned for, has turned into an hour long campaign of awesome, leaving you questioning your actual ability to perceive the passage of time. O_O;Character-wise? They deliver exactly what they promised. A handful of rag-tag, downtrodden, QUIRKY and loveably adorable radioactive horrors to choose from. Each one plays and handles differently with their own unique perks and special skills! You level-up by mutating as you go by nomming up all the funny little glowing green tic-tacs of radioactive material from EVERYTHING you kill and even from stockpiles along the way. When you level up? You get to add a new mutation (i.e. a character perk) from a randomly generated assortment of 4 to choose from to make your little mutant-murder-machine far more tactical and survivable. Lemme tell ya, there's really no bad option to choose from when it comes to mutations, and I'm pretty sure I STILL haven't seen all of them. You will likely find plenty of perks that satisfy your sense of priorities and playstyle as a gamer. But let me give you once piece of advice, based upon my own experiences:Throne Butt. Always take 'Throne Butt'. It's uniquely different for every character and supercharges their individual character skill for even more awesomeness. :D (Throne Butt gave me a new sense of resepect for Melt. WHOA!)I could go on and on for a while about this game..... Really. But I'm gonna stop shortly, because if you've had the attention span to read down THIS far? You, personally, deserve a cookie.I haven't discovered everything. Heck, I probably haven't discovered HALF of everything yet. And I LOVE IT. The game is fast-paced, exciting, and engaging. It REALLY is something special in this current climate of rampant indie developed rogue-likes flooding the industry.Nuclear Throne stands out from the crowd. I play it regularly. I love it. I cannot recommend this game any more highly than I do. AND? It just keeps getting BETTER as they refine it from player feedback.The Nuclear Throne glows enticingly on the horizon! Pursue it!"
76561198059387987,Recommended,242680,13854901,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Damocles,do like bullet hell shooters? this game is for you my friend! it gets regualr udates and my god is it fun :D
76561198090463520,Recommended,242680,13884050,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,rythegamer,I love this game though I would like it even more if the developers could add this game into the xbox live store for xbox 360.
,Recommended,242680,13884816,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Shirone,Got it recommended by a friend.I love this game!
,Recommended,242680,13907624,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Emily Brontë,"Nuclear Throne is the greatest action game of all time. It is humble, rock hard, simple, deep, generous and beautiful. It is Candy Crush for God. It will turn you into a man, or a woman. It will transform you into a being of pure will. It'll make you cry, laugh, scream and reflect on your place in the universe. I now live alone in a monastry, playing Nuclear Throne 24 hours a day."
,Recommended,242680,15164273,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,xxEvildoctorxx,"First of all, its like Hotline Miami and the Binding Of Isaac, but more on the Hotline Miami Side,Second, you can get hit multiple times, BOI SideThird, Characters are alot, BOI SideFourth, Guns alot of them, HM SideFifth, Upgrades, kinda BOI SideFun games, but try not to rage like Hotline Miami 1/2"
,Recommended,242680,15219644,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Violet -TPF-,"Get this game. You really won't regret it. Is it difficult? Yes, very. But I assure you, this game is worth it. Adorable and beautifully crafted characters and perfectly smooth gameplay. I'm a sucker for good character development, and when you can create unique and lovable characters without a single line of dialouge you know you've got it right. Check this game out, it's worth every penny."
76561198058825579,Recommended,242680,15244092,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,xX_420_BLAZE_hARD$C0P3_69_Xx,"The only thing, that i miss in the game is a co-op mode ^^."
76561197972266460,Recommended,242680,24447876,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Twosday,One of the most satisfying to play games of all time.Nuclear Throne is a high octane bullet hell game designed around making the player feel like they are walking weapons of destruction. Some guns and weapons are so fun and powerful to use that seeing some of them drop makes me smile no matter how many times I had seen it previously.The key difference with this game and others of the similar type is Nuclear Throne gives you great weapons and perks IMMEDIATELY. You can in theory take some of the starting guns such as the crossbow or slugger and take them all the way to the end of the game without much frustration. It is absolutely brilliant.Get this game if it appeals to you even remotely.
76561198132792574,Recommended,242680,24324398,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,armoredrobot,"I've played two Vlambeer games now -the other one being Super Crate Box- and I've noticed a common theme: insertion of the mainstays of an old-school FPS (lots of guns, lots of enemies, cathartic gameplay, basically whatever Serious Sam does) into other, older genres to see what happens. With Super Crate Box, the genre in question is an 8-bit platformer, along the lines of the original Donkey Kong. In Nuclear Throne, it's a top-down bullet hell shooter (with RPG elements), which is a wonderful choice for combination with an old-school FPS. However, doing so means that the game has to take away the FPS ability to tank absurd amounts of damage, which is where the roguelite elements come in.Nuclear Throne's main issue for me is that, upon death, no matter how far you are, you're sent all the way back to the start. I'd expect nothing less from a roguelite ('roguelite' for me meaning it has randomization and permadeath), and this wouldn't be a problem but for the fact that the first levels will soon become VERY familiar, because they only vary so much, and contain the least interesting weapons and enemies. I can see why the decision was made; if you could save, you could finish the game in about 20 minutes, and being a roguelite means that the devs don't have to balance the massive amount of weapons and enemies, both of which are spawned randomly and vary widely in terms of power. Still, managing to kill Li'l Hunter (the game's other issue) and then being blown up by a random car because you weren't being careful with your explosives, only to be sent ALL the way back to the start, can be...disheartening, to say the least.That's essentially my only problem with the game, though, and judging by the fact that I've put 206 hours into it at time of writing, it doesn't stop me from playing. I love Nuclear Throne. I love its adrenaline-soaked gameplay, I love its crushing difficulty, I love its increasingly bizarre arsenal, I love its variety, and I could talk about it for hours.I won't here, though, because these reviews are disjointed and rambling enough already. Suffice it to say that I like to play Robot, my favorite mutation is Gamma Guts, and my favorite weapons are the Eraser and the Seeker Shotgun.Anyway, yes. I love Nuclear Throne, and I recommend it to everyone. It's my favorite roguelite of all time. Sorry, FTL. To quote Saints Row 2, you lost to the best."
76561198285075314,Recommended,242680,24359714,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Trash Typhoon,"This game is perfect, i have spend hundreds of hours playing this. This game has so much to offer and is worth all the money you've spent on it."
76561198081161043,Recommended,242680,17622628,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,TheEmeraldDE,Fish can roll.10/10 Would roll again.
,Recommended,242680,24489295,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gamertron7500,"You play the game. You're dead. You try again. You're dead. You try again for the third time. You're dead. You try again for the four- wait a minute. Now they're dead!Yes, Nuclear Throne is at its core with its retro gameplay of you playing as a mutant by wielding a variety of weapons, and killing enemies and bosses as you try to reach the Nuclear Throne. Don't expect the game to go easy on you as it just throws you in an area with various enemies and surprises for you to kill and encounter as you collect weapons, ammo and rads from them (also including chests and rad containers) as you avoid getting killed, which you will experience a lot, during the process. Only one question remains: can YOU reach the Nuclear Throne? Or will you suffer non-stop deaths that's always lurking around the corner?A fun, retro game made by Vlambeer that created Super Crate Box."
76561197972494920,Recommended,242680,24490759,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Dr.Default,Oh My God. This game the inbodyment of The Sun God Applo.
,Recommended,242680,24476152,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Protocol Droid N#3045,"when you win the main menu background goes from being a purple portal to a blue onei got obsessed with this and it would haunt me whenever i left the game and the background wasn't a blue portalgot my first panic attack after failing to defeat the captain boss for the fifth timenow i instinctively cannot play this game anymore, my heart rate skyrockets whenever i think about reinstalling itthe background portal still became blue tho10/10"
76561198035597474,Recommended,242680,19798394,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,cocaine is bad for the heart,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,242680,20917237,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,NaenaeMaster21,"Crack didn't cut it for me, so i bought this game and i never looked back.Fish/10"
76561197990570513,Recommended,242680,24661531,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Museroom[MO],have been playing this since humble bundle jam
,Recommended,242680,24662234,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,sodap,"Nuclear Throne is a bullet hell roguelike like no other: it is miles away from the competition. It takes just ten to fifteen minutes to complete the fifteen levels of a normal playthrough, allowing you to give it a run anytime you want. Beating the game is both challenging, rewarding, while not frustrating at all. That, plus the extra content will keep you busy for a few dozens of hours.This masterpiece of the action roguelike genre will become one of your favorite games ever. It is devoid of filler: every second of gameplay is meaningful. Every detail helps to build the dystopian setting. Every single component reinforces the whole. Nuclear Throne is an endless challenge that never gets old."
,Recommended,242680,24630277,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[SDJ] butterlrd,10/10 highly recommend good stuffmuch pew pewsolid tunesvery fast pace
,Recommended,242680,20495288,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,gradiosaurs,"FKCING GUD.Seriously though, this game is a masterpiece, you can play as a lot of characters like, Fish, Crystal,Melting, Rebel, Robot, YV Lord, Steroids, Horror, Eyes, Plantand probably a few that I missed. However, this game is Super Meat Boy level difficult, by the time you have gotten to the Nuclear Throne you will have probably raged an absolute ton.Story: I do not even think there is a offical one.Gameplay: It is sort of like Binding Of Isaac, but a lot more difficult and with guns."
,Recommended,242680,20558920,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Malen,"This game is pure, uncooked insanity.It's like meth. Or Dark Souls.Except in this, the only bonfire you lit is the first one.And you're stripped to just being naked with a straight sword.---------------------------------------------------------------You should get this game.I say this, as I did.And let me tell you, if your reflexes suck...You're in for a bad time.----------------------------VIIIIIIIICARIOUSLYIIIIIILIVEWHILETHE WHOLE WORLD...deteroirates or something I don't ♥♥♥♥ing know get this game."
,Recommended,242680,20564022,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The 12th Doctor,"Nuclear Throne is a rogue like for people that find rogue likes to be extremely easy. The game is not only addictive, but also loops several times, and keeps going, with new bosses, weapons and challenges. If you dislike games with a challenge then I would not reccommend this, but if you like a large challenge and want your nerves tested than this is the game for you.P.S. I can only do around 4 runs before I fatigue from the game, so I'm serious when I say nerves of steel are required."
,Recommended,242680,20619694,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,GigaSpace,This game is pretty good
,Recommended,242680,20648532,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Jimmy Neutron,"Great Game, very hard bit like bindinf of isaac but I prefer the graphics and the different characters. buy this game if you are into rogue-like games and is a great way to pass the time. Overall I give this a game a great thumbs up, But be warned this is very hard and expect some hair ripping moments."
76561198030578025,Recommended,242680,20649945,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Targuinius,"Nuclear Throne is just an amazing game. Only bad thing about it was the kinda forced release, so you experience more crashes and glitches than in early access."
76561198095015490,Recommended,242680,20646709,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mama Crumbs,"So as of writing this review, I've put 10 hours into Nuclear Throne. This wouldn't be as impressive if I had gotten it longer than a couple days ago, but that's what actually happened. And I have to say, I absolutely love the crap out of this game. Is it utterly unforgiving? Absolutely will punish you for any slight mistake? Does it often require nearly-frame-perfect imputs to avoid dying horribly? The answer to all of the questions is a definite yes.Despite this, I love this game. Why? Because it's unforgiving, but certainly not unfair; I view it similarly to how I view Dark Souls (which I do not have on Steam, but do have on Xbox 360, and on which I have about 200 hours). The sheer sense of satisfaction every time you beat a boss is absolutely overwhelming. You'll very quickly learn what weapons you like, what ones you don't, and which ones are best for each situation. Every character has a massively different strategy, with one commonality: as the game likes to remind you, don't get hit! Everything from a character with powerful defense to one that can break down useless weapons into ammunition, each character hugely changes up your playstyle - and when you find that character that you absolutely rock with, that's when the steamroll begins.I've not yet gotten to the throne - but I have high hopes for all of you! Go for it, and may the rads be with you!"
,Recommended,242680,20646800,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,SquidlingSquid,One of those effortlessly enjoyable games. Until you die.
,Recommended,242680,20578700,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dynamote,"This game can be hard as balls, but if you get used to the mechanics, its hella good."
76561198071699261,Recommended,242680,20576859,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Bigbustycoon,best ♥♥♥♥en game 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,242680,20615936,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Angus King,"I can't help but feel like this is my favorite rogue-lite since Risk of Rain. The combat is fun, when you die it's YOUR fault rather than the games, there's a ton of adaptive strategy in the mutations you pick and weapons you find, and there are a lot of tactics that you might not initially think of to beat a level. Ran out of ammo and only have a sledge hammer against Big Dog?  Whack his bullets right back at him. Also you'll die. A lot. But god damn is it fun. And the lightning cannon is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.Yung Venuz is cool."
76561198075007965,Recommended,242680,20637609,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Your Lord And Savior Jmda,Its been a long time but i can give this game a great review now when it first came out it was a buggy mess of a game but now if you are looking for a great bullet hell and a very fun challange well what the hell are you waiting for buy it
,Recommended,242680,20634312,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Phiz,Disgustingly good
,Recommended,242680,20632931,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ruffletum,everything about this game is sad and I love it.
,Recommended,242680,20653201,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Man,YES
76561198042349748,Recommended,242680,20276262,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Oatmeal Man,Incredible twin stick arena shooter. I can't recommend this game enough. Doing the daily is my favorite thing to do in the morning next to making a fresh pot of coffee.
,Recommended,242680,20344554,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mr. Pinkle-Turd,"As a person that managed to refund everything I bought during the christmas sale, I've kept this precious gem. Deserves the praise, and is well worth the 11.99 price tag."
,Recommended,242680,20243917,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jergling,"Initially, I was miffed that this game was 30fps and in what might be the ugliest, most cluttered fake-isometric perspective I've ever seen. I hated it, but I was also playing it on a TV with a gamepad. This was a bad idea.Nuclear Throne is a keyboard and mouse game, make no mistake. The controller-required co-op mode is a token add-on that has more downsides than benefits. Play this game on a fast monitor and contrast turned up, and you'll have fewer problems.The light at the end of the tunnel is that Nuclear Throne is basically a procedural, single-life version of Hotline Miami. Everything is very fast, there are guns everywhere, and there's a ton of content. Nuclear Throne is about variety, difficulty, and how fast it is to get into a new game. That's where Vlambeer got it right and others (like Isaac) didn't. Death is permanent, but restarting is so fast and easy that you hardly feel it. Vlambeer had mastered the art of permadeath long before roguelikes took off, and I do feel like this is a glorious return to the Super Crate Box days, despite running at half the framerate."
76561198066533229,Recommended,242680,20340060,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Brewmeister,Wow. Just wow. A simple yet challenging game that is one of the most addictively fun games I've played in a long time. A must play.
,Recommended,242680,20489588,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,✪ Lawsker,"Nuclear Throne. One of those games that will take a long time until you feel confident with it. Not because it's bad, no, because it's quite hard. Once you unlocked a few characters and played with them, you start feeling to become better and better. Until you see the Throne and it's second phase kills you off.One good thing to mention: You always want to raise your PB (Kills / Areas) which makes you play for a LONG time.2 things to mention and could be done better:-Co-Op Modeä-Controller SupportNuclear Throne is a good game and worth it to be played."
76561197970717272,Recommended,242680,20469725,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,stillspiraling,"Amazing developer - doing it for the fans of games like these. That alone sells, but they top it off by making a game that is actually full of badassery.Amazing beautiful soundtrack, super smooth fun gameplay, RNG rolls that will melt your face,Gorgeous art (though slightly over used 8bit style).Just all around a super sweet game. 9.5/10.If I had the cash I'd buy it for all of steam."
,Recommended,242680,24671199,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,got games on your phone nigga?,"Fun game, great creativity."
,Recommended,242680,24767004,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Beat Happening,"Was looking for fun, all i got were suicidal thoughts and a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack.also seeing Crystal's butt every time throne butt appears"
,Recommended,242680,24752370,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,AnthraxFlapjacks,B3$t 8bot I've evar played.
,Recommended,242680,23920501,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,KYNG Tim,Its so good. It helps pass the time and I can play with friends (I recommend getting Ultra Mod aswell).
,Recommended,242680,24659947,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Tooth Goblin,"Are you bored, then sit down and play this really fun action packed super fast 2d game!"
,Recommended,242680,24680352,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,clouob,"Game seriously tries to ♥♥♥♥ you the stronger you get. Which can be a good thing but it feels very cheap sometimes with telefragging, weird and random speeds of bullets and other things. Overall, would get ♥♥♥♥ed again! +++++"
,Recommended,242680,24668519,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Don-X,"I was gunna put a qoute here to be funny before realising that there isn't any proper dialouge in this game. Would recommend, a resonably fun game once you learn what all the enemys do, still havent 'beaten' it tho. Closest i got was dying to the throne after running out of ammo. Pretty good, if you enjoy rougelikes add this to your collection rn plz."
,Recommended,242680,24587632,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Ps¥Lo,Nuclear throne is a very fun and unique game. There’s even an illuminati triangle.10/10 would transform car into flying rap mobile with a screwdriver again
,Recommended,242680,17014367,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,General Hastapagacho,You will probaby die a lot.
,Recommended,242680,24822003,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Presuda,"Very fast paced shooter that rewards skill and reflexes.This game may seem a bit difficult at first, with lots of things trying to kill you on each level, but after playing it for a bit and learning the fundamentals you will find the game very enjoyable. It relies more on player skill than pickups and upgrades. Runs can be won even without the weapon pickups or mutations given the player is good enough, which is nice if you aren't a fan of the rng of items in a game like Binding of Isaac but still want things in the game to help upgrade your run.The artstyle is nice. The characters all have their own backstory. Even if its not stated directly in the game. The Music is really well done and adds a lot to the pacing of each level."
76561198145955984,Recommended,242680,24639451,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,PyXel,"This is one of my most favorite bullethell rogue like games.Its extremely challenging with great pixel graphics, and my god, the music is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I suggest playing this game if you want a very challenging and rewarding roguelike, comparable to The Binding of Isaac or Enter the Gungeon."
76561198319675181,Recommended,242680,24570717,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,waifufagging,Sometimes when the bullterhell gets real your brain just shuts off and takes over.Those are the moments that I live for in this game.
,Recommended,242680,24664194,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Endere,This game makes me want to die-- but I can't stop playing it.
76561198095082924,Recommended,242680,24513465,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,insomnimania,"I've owned this game before.. Bought it again.. Why do I come back to you, Nuclear Throne? You're like a terrible relationship that I just can't quit. Why do I love a game that I'm so terrible at? WHY?"
76561198195691457,Recommended,242680,24622130,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,sebasbigdawg,i love the game its  been amazing but what i dont like now is the new update that happened for me it basically downgraded the game and now it doesnt run as smooth as it used to hopefully they will fix it soon
76561198165651486,Recommended,242680,30881190,Posted: 1 April,all,pete175,This is a amazingly hard and rewarding game and a great challange
76561198072708468,Recommended,242680,12738361,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Moth Saber,"Running around like a maniac shooting everything with any gun you can get your mutant mitts on. This game seriously is amazing. Once you get past the point where you always die in World 1_1 every playthrough is a fun, frenzied, fantastic adrenaline rush, and even during that initial learning period you just keep playing again and again and again and-you get the point."
,Recommended,242680,16039415,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Conga Heli,"10/10 rougelike game, tight controls, fun weapons, cool enemies and a handfull of playable characters"
76561198079487972,Recommended,242680,26026546,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,LordMasterPeasant,dont be fooled by the semi low play time. i play ultra mod all the time. 9.5/10 only downside is that without mods characters only have 2 ultras
,Recommended,242680,25959514,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[-=TRF=-] Omega,"The game is great. All though I suck at it, I'm gradually getting better at it. I really like how you made up a language for e monsters to speak, too. My favourite character is Rebel."
76561198128883795,Recommended,242680,25959343,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Halphinian,"Ever heard of the phrase ""give me a reason?""This game is your reason10/10 would die again and again and again and again and again and again"
76561198020875000,Recommended,242680,26109289,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,S8n,great game.only game i come back to.i hate it ome times but i love it.you could play this game for months and it wont get boring.
76561198257018215,Recommended,242680,30891680,Posted: 1 April,all,Queeroshima,"Lil' hunter, more like Lil' bish"
,Recommended,242680,19205593,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,review brah survived at dennys,You know that feeling when you're a white rapgod triangle shooting a giant chair?What do you mean I'm crazy? :vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV::vlambeerYV:
76561198078983025,Recommended,242680,26108477,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,brojangls,play as a ball of goop that barfs extremely powerful radiation10/10
,Recommended,242680,25989040,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,it's a hard knock life,"It's one of those games that you are so bad at you want to rage, but just can't. The characters all have so much depth and there's so many little secrets you can find, a great purchase for such a cheap game."
,Recommended,242680,26257768,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[USTA] shaba,"At first I didn't want to buy this game, but it is very much worth the money. I love this game, and it is gr8 I r8 8/8"
,Recommended,242680,16812492,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Pathom,"*Found disc gun for the first time*""yeah thisll be awesome""-says mefirst time i fired it i killed a bandit and a scorpion""oh cool""*fires it again and dies*""ffffffffffuuuuuuu""10/10at least they apologised in the form of an achievment"
,Recommended,242680,26270487,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,A Real Dog,Hey hey it's NTit's hard but worth the cost
76561198194715277,Recommended,242680,26285837,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ImAPirate,Its  amamazing gameplay the lore is great to.
,Recommended,242680,26321620,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,best roguelike shooter game because it's a shooter before being a roguelikeinfinite replayability and can become difficult with hard mode/ certain crowns
,Recommended,242680,25779211,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Carrot,You get to sit in a cool chair at the end.
,Recommended,242680,25730669,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Landoneatsfood,"You will want to play this game cautiously, peeking around corners and sniping enemies one by one. This will get you killed, and underleveled.To have the most fun with Nuclear Throne, run into the room guns blazing and take out every enemy in a blinding hail of gunfire, and then blow yourself up with the bazooka you just picked up.  Then start again.  and again.  and again.  This game appeals to the primal instinct to kill in the best of waysOne of the best games I've ever played with a huge amount of replayability."
,Recommended,242680,27001767,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Major Hassle,"Pros:-Great replayability!-Color art, and wonderful music-Great list of characters with their own strengths andweaknessesCons:-Secret levels rely too much on random chance-(Not my opinion) Lack of a background lore. Personally, I'm fine with this,but this may be an issue to some.Worth the price!"
,Recommended,242680,27001699,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thomas the Dank Engine,Its good.
76561198087027489,Recommended,242680,27003014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rowanbunni,"I have never been able to conquer the Nuclear Throne and honestly, I don't think I want to. It's the incessant struggle to survive, and the sheer joy from summoning the grit it takes to get back up and go at it again, that makes this game an experience I will always come back to.Also, that epic, heart-pumping soundtrack."
,Recommended,242680,14743634,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,cobaltttttttttttt,"This game is still in early access, but the only things that are are about 30 or so frames. This game is a great Rougelike with fast action and simple mechanics. Only way to get better is to keep grinding and understand the little bits and tricks of the game."
,Recommended,242680,26883447,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bodacious P,It's ok I guess. Only played a few hours.
,Recommended,242680,25681637,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Little Beast,"To start off with, I HIGHLY reccomend this game to others.11/10-Would explodebloated corpses with my mind againNuclear Throne is a very unique game.It's one of those games that frustrates the heck outta ya but it keeps calling you back for more.In my experience it's a VERY well balanced game.I first saw this game when it was being developed as ""Wasteland Kings"" I think it was a livestream feed of 2 or 3 game developer groups making prototype games for a ""Humble Mojang Bundle"".With the randomly generated maps each time it creates new chances each go around.This is actually my favorite game to play at work.......... then again I work at a coffee shop, and it's pretty slow around this time of year so I have a lot of free time. But the downside is that I can't use the internet at work.I've put in probably 60+ offline hours into this game... and I keep dying.This isn't a game you'll master overnight, or even after a couple of weeks.Pros--> Randomly Generated Maps> Rarely Gets Old> Multiple characters to unlock> Awesome abilities> Cool weapons> Spectacular Boss'> Even Better GraphicsCons--> You'll keep dying> Nothing else I can think of....Bottom Line, buy it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,242680,26832582,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sexual Healing,This time i'll definitely kill the throne
76561198080477509,Recommended,242680,26834238,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alpha_pro,Great Rogue-Like!
,Recommended,242680,26855227,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,slug,its ok
,Recommended,242680,26900744,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Profound,Best game
,Recommended,242680,26965731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jpayne,is good
76561198068341518,Recommended,242680,26995366,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Paronikwa,"honestly i could play this game forever. With its constant gameplay requirements, to its unique difficulty cure, this game would be one that will never get old even in 20 years"
,Recommended,242680,26980581,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shadowshyte,Amazing game 10/10
76561198202533976,Recommended,242680,26822219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,it'sTimeLordXD,"I went from loving this game to hating it. No it's probably around number 4 on my list of my favorite games ever, this is not the game I have the most hours on but it is the game I have gotten a massive amount of hours on the fastest. I love this game... Really really hard to get into though, which is why it got me so many hours so fast. If you can't take massive amounts of frustration dying many many times really fast I do not reccommend this game for you. I have pretty much quit now and if I do play I usally have to set up my backup save because steam cloud likes to revert my new save to an older one, which is another thing I don't like about it, the stupied bugs. I'm not going to go on about this because you can just read other reviews that talk about the bugs.All an all a 9/10 I would like to see update 99 completed so the game is in a completly almost bug free state."
,Recommended,242680,19829405,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SM7,One of those games you play for hours and still die on the first level.
76561198069158116,Recommended,242680,19995346,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ccwinfield,"The struggle is real with this game. you will spend hours trying to master only to fail each time, yet you will always come back.Great game!"
,Recommended,242680,17038150,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Saunders,This is my new favorite game
,Recommended,242680,17039994,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ilemi,Addicting as hell
,Recommended,242680,17042253,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Pingu,"""You did not reach the nuclear throne"" <--- Thats what you gonna see alot when you gonna play the game.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,16998561,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Cubelike Potato,10/10 Would kill myself with a disc gun again.
,Recommended,242680,17044186,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,chunks,This game fills me with a bottomless desire to reach the throne.- Amazing sountrack- Responsive and intuitive mechanics- Simple and addictive- Beautiful aesthetics and theme- Solid RNG for level design- Excellent characters and weapons+ the devs are great. They release weekly updates and have kept the games balance in check whilst they continue to add new content at a pleasing pace.
76561198054607162,Recommended,242680,12062705,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,zorms,I love this game even in it's early stages
76561198025055362,Recommended,242680,17048860,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,[BG]And The Gunslinger Followed,"Intense, addicting game that reminds me a bit of those old top down pilot games where the whole point is to shoot accurately while constantly avoiding enemy bullets and melee attacks. I like the perk mechanic a lot, because it adds a nice layer of roguelike to the already great experience. Lots of unique characters and playstyles, I hope they add more to the already impressive roster."
,Recommended,242680,17054395,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,DevilOfTheRhine,"This game is like Binding of Isaac on Steriods (lol). They don't lie when they says its fast paced, as you are literally watching your life go down without even knowing what did it. This game is addicting, and you unlock almost all of the characters within 30 mins of playing the game, so you can get right into the action. The characters are unique, with cool powers and mutations. It has infinite replayability, like Isaac, you could get so many hours of the game without it getting old. With random gen world, tons of guns, and new stuff coming, this is a great game which I wholeheartedly recommend. imagine what this game will be like when its finished..."
,Recommended,242680,17068573,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,THE DERPYDITTO,It is a great game but my game broken so i can no longer play please fix it.
,Recommended,242680,17070534,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,-Tw2- Vehvos,"I've never played a rouge like before but damn this game is fun, AND HARD AS F#$%. Seriously this game is not for rage quitters, and its great if you love a challenge."
,Recommended,242680,17108261,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,shemecola,Yung Venuz is so cool.
76561198014368092,Recommended,242680,17093530,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sean Slicer,"Lots of replay value, interesting trying out various strategies with diverse characters. Most obvious comparion would be to Isaac, although I find the gameplay substantially more engaging and the story and environment substantially less so. It's technically in Early Access, but it's a finished game for what your money's worth."
,Recommended,242680,17080775,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,CNHphoto,"Some characters don't feel too different from each other and I wish there was more variance in the different mutations you can get. That said, the weapons and enemies have good variety and the game is fast-paced in dynamic. It's mostly polished for an early access game (menu needs some work). The music and sound effects are pretty great. Overall, it's one of the best action roguelikes I've played. Definitely recommend even its unfinished state."
,Recommended,242680,17083338,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,DasMetu,This Game stole my freetime . Its just too addicting . After I saw this game on youtube I played it on my cousins computer for too many hours then I bought it for myself and since then I cant stop . Stay away if you dont wanna get sucked into this Hell of a Game
76561197989908786,Recommended,242680,17083390,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Skullcrusha,"Cool game. Hard in the beginning. You get used to the action, or suffer a psychotic episode."
,Recommended,242680,17083510,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Paul Bunyan,"This game is absolutely wonderful. The music is amazing (and easily replaceable if you know the correct file type) You can play as a multitude of characters, each with their own special abilities and ways to unlock them (Except maybe Rebel and Eyes, they can be unlocked through the same means). Currently, the game is in early access but if you love roguelike games like Don't Starve you'll love Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,242680,17084267,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,chai tea,it's like i hate this game and it hates me back but at the same time we're in lovebuy this game its ridiculous and wonderful
,Recommended,242680,21153833,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Tenant,"Your objective in this game is to sit your butt on the Nuclear Throne. To do so you must haul your butt through the treacherous, merciless wastelands, fighting against the unrelenting swathes of enemies who all want to kick your butt. Along your journey, you will gain mutations that improve your butt, but the best mutation is Throne Butt. This gives your mutant a second butt, which will make sitting on the throne way easier: two butts are better than one, as they say.This second butt has different properties depending on which butt you chose to play. Fish's Throne Butt sprays water, Crystal's Throne Butt can teleport, Steroids's Throne Butt will poop out additional ammo, etc..If you're an♥♥♥♥♥man, Nuclear Throne is for you."
,Recommended,242680,21151827,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,blublublub,*airhorn*
76561198018901349,Recommended,242680,21137503,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Nitsu,Get good or die trying.
76561197970628696,Recommended,242680,21572798,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,King Murok,"Finally beat the game's true final boss this week. After 220 hours. AND I REGRET NONE OF IT.THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES OF ALL TIME. The music is dope. the action is incredible. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game and I ♥♥♥♥ing love Vlambeer for making it.Until you've experienced the insanity that occurs...let's say ""after the end""...you don't even know the depth of this game's glory, fight on until you get there, i swear it's worth it."
76561198025347150,Recommended,242680,21336226,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,tmsx_ravage,Insanely fun game play!
,Recommended,242680,21277883,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Grimswolf,"It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ And that's ok. Twin Stick shooters usually aren't my genre, but this one does a good job of keeping it enjoyable even for so so players like me that... probalby will never reach the Nuclear Throne. Ever. Still a ton of fun playing around with the different characters and laughing at my own mistakes whenever I die. Which, point, I tend to feel as though I can tell what mistakes I made which lead to my death when playing. Not that it helps me to correct them, but it's still very gratifying over wondering why."
,Recommended,242680,13337796,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Zechie ♥,"Incredible game, even though it can be merciless at times.I'd recommend trying it if you like games in the roguelike-ish genre."
,Recommended,242680,13485432,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Original,"Nuclear Throne is probably my favourite game right now. It has a great arcady style gameplay, tons of replayability, and updates are every week."
,Recommended,242680,13486412,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Linkin Memorial,"It's kind of like Binding of Issac in that you have a top down perspective and shoot things and try to get better modfifications (read: weapons). It's kind of like Risk of Rain where you want to kill everything the game throws at you on a stage to get out.  It's also kind of like Smash TV where you spend half your time attempting to dodge or run away from dozens of bullets and enemies at a time.  Also, all the characters look like rejected Yo Gabba Gabba designs.  Difficult but fun."
76561198027748338,Recommended,242680,13726743,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ink,"Portal to next level opened next to car, pulls me in and blows up car killing me. 10/10"
,Recommended,242680,13707595,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Edgeng,"This game is great. It may still be in development, but it is a blast to play."
76561198056630686,Recommended,242680,13709116,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,GTU,"I outright suck at this game, I won't sugarcoat that. Still though, it's incredibly fun and well worth the money."
,Recommended,242680,13437323,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,King Mong,"If the Binding of Isaac reprodouced like the Chestbursters from Alien, this is what would be what'd crawl out of Touhou."
,Recommended,242680,13440084,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ins0mn3sia,"Great for the perma-death rogue-like like experience..fun, and lots of replayability..great for filling in time!.."
76561198045321900,Recommended,242680,13441659,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,shvancouver,"Challenging, unique and cool character lineup and SO FUN.Would love to see it in more than local co-op, but this went above and beyond my expectations regardless."
76561198034940769,Recommended,242680,26999829,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Le Big Mac,Frantic but ever so satisfying when you dodge 500 bullets heading to you. Recommend to anyone who loves top-down shooters.
,Recommended,242680,27044073,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darryl Floyd,"Great game to pop on play whenever, games are normally quick and challenging and keep you coming back!"
,Recommended,242680,27039871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Milton,Totally love this game
,Recommended,242680,27070390,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Akkappa,There is no yeti
,Recommended,242680,27417103,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dillerklunke,You can play as a chicken with a huge sword.
76561198047527481,Recommended,242680,27417475,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EZY,more addictive than crack
,Recommended,242680,27424947,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,aaefiikmnnnr,It's a good game
,Recommended,242680,23895073,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Spookulblitz,"good game, i like the nucc chair"
,Recommended,242680,27186701,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nata,"My favorite rogue-like. It's overall design is flawless. The best thing to do is go into this game blindly and find out all it's secrets and hidden features along the way. Over 80 hours into the game, and I still find new things spread throughout the ""linear"" path."
,Recommended,242680,21727044,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,CRJHenry,"One of the best game of it's genre. Fun, Addictive and hours of gameplay.  10/10"
76561198151016437,Recommended,242680,21947335,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Chung,This is one of the best games that I have ever played
,Recommended,242680,19944460,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SteelTemplar,GOTY 2015.
,Recommended,242680,21918425,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,lpatelmav41,If you want to live a long fulfilling life with your family and friends do not buy this game.
76561198116520998,Recommended,242680,21918706,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Clump of Flesh,ver gud
,Recommended,242680,21917798,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Hereafter,Dead ops arcade 2.0
76561198108329422,Recommended,242680,21948428,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAEYAA,This is a pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good game.
76561197999909840,Recommended,242680,19684188,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dumi,Very good simulation of the Trump administration. This game delves deep into a paralel universe where Donald Trump wins the elections. 9/11
76561198275999399,Recommended,242680,20972245,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Death_Giver,soo cool
,Recommended,242680,21824308,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SMURG-11,"I still suck at it, but hey, I have nothing against skill ceilings."
,Recommended,242680,21844970,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Modus Pwnens,"A very fun game when it goes reasonably well, but the randomization can get frustrating even by roguelike standards.Pros:The guns feel good, the enemy design feels good, the mutations can cause you to adapt to different playstyles you might otherwise overlook, the character powers are interesting (with one or two exceptions that are not very fun or interesting), and the bosses are mostly well-designed.Cons:The enemy placement has soul-crushingly bad randomization, even for a roguelike.Once you're moderately competent at the game, your success is largely a function of rolling dice a dozen times hoping you never roll a 1. The problem is that the randomization makes the variance in difficulty too high. You'll relatively quickly get to the point where you can reliably beat a given level almost every time, but then 5% of the time that level will spawn you in the center of five rapid-fire enemies who immediately start shooting, three snipers, and a monster who spews AoE flames. Is it possible to survive those spawns? Sure - you can go on Youtube and watch people do it. But the discrepancy in skill required to be able to reliably beat the level in almost all cases and to be able to reliably beat the level when you get unlucky is just too massive.It creates a very ugly long-term difficulty curve where there's a long period of time that you're good enough at the game to make it to the end except when you get unlucky - and every run for hours and hours will be predicated on whether you get unlucky or not.The other big con is the third boss. The internet is full of complaints about this boss. Watch Youtube videos of the best players and the commentary will frequently suggest that they're still afraid of this boss. And that same commentary will reveal the problem: it isn't that the boss is too hard, it's that the boss showcases the randomization problems more acutely than anything else in the game. You can end up spawned in a position where it's functionally impossible to survive. You can be spawned in the open with thirty enemies and not nearly enough time to clear them out before the boss spawns. You can be spawned in corridor so long and narrow that it's impossible to avoid his bouncing attacks.It's a shame because that boss is otherwise the best boss in the game. The attack patterns are fun, if you're in a decent spawn he's hard but manageable, and you can quickly come up with clear strategies to deal with him. But the decision to have you fight him in a totally random map with random enemy placements turns a fun boss into a source of frustration.Finally, the boss also has an incredibly stupid gimmick - when you get to him, he'll start powering up, then an instant-death beam will cut straight down the middle of the screen with no warning (and there's no aperature or any reason to expect something to come out there).It's a cheap shot that all but guarantees new players will die once. It feels like the developers added it to play into the idea that the game is hard, but it isn't hard - it's just a cheap shot that will leave you angry that you finally got to the last boss and the developers played what amounts to a practical joke on you and told you to go do it again. It feels incredibly out of place compared to the rest of the enemy design in the game and the game is worse for it.Overall:All in all, a very fun game hampered mostly by its questionable enemy and level randomization. If you're prone to feeling frustration when you feel like there's nothing you could have done to prevent your death (and having to start all over), I'd give this one a pass. If you think you can put up with it, I'd say the gameplay just barely makes up for it, edging it ever so slightly into recommented territory."
,Recommended,242680,21810190,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,A Beer,"Please help me.  I can't stop playing this.I also can't seem to beat it, because holy christ on a popsicle stick it is hard.  Like up the butt hard."
76561198156544884,Recommended,242680,21923333,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Chistletof,Do you like guns?Do you like a challenge?Do you like a lot of guns?Do you like chaos?Then this game is for you.(Note: Barrels explode. Don't wack them with a melee on your first playthrough)
,Recommended,242680,21239364,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Jatrick,"This game is hard, but making these cookies aren't.2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour1 teaspoon baking soda1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch1/2 teaspoon salt3/4 cup packed brown sugar1/2 cup granulated sugar3/4 cup unsalted butter, melted1 egg + 1 egg yolk1 tablespoon vanilla extract1 cup milk chocolate chipsIn a large bowl, sift together 2 and 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 and 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch, and 1/2 teaspoon salt.In another bowl, whisk together 3/4 cup packed brown sugar, 1/2 cup granulated sugar and 3/4 cup melted butter. Whisk until the sugars have dissolved into the butter. Add in the egg and egg yolk, and whisk. Then add in 1 tablespoon vanilla extract.Pour the wet ingredients into the dry. Use a large wooden spoon to combine the ingredients together. Fold in 1 cup milk chocolate chips.Place the dough in a large bowl, cover, and chill in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours. I chilled my dough overnight.When you’re ready to bake the cookies, pre-heat your oven to 325 degrees. Pull the dough out of the fridge and let it sit for about 10 minutes.Line baking sheets with parchment paper. The dough is going to be hard, and firm, and a little bit difficult to work with.Use 3 tablespoons of dough for each cookie. Use your hands to form the dough into balls. Press a few additional chocolate chips onto the top of the dough ball.Give each cookie a good amount of space on the baking sheets. I was able to fit about 6 cookies per cookie sheet.Bake for 11-12 minutes. The cookies are going to appear under-baked. This is what you want!Allow the cookies to cool for about 10 minutes before transferring them to wire cooling racks to finish cooling.These will stay fresh for about 7 days. You will get about 16 cookies from this batch. If you’d like to make them a bit smaller, use 2 tablespoons of dough and bake for 10 minutes."
,Recommended,242680,19577491,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pure,I apologize in advance for making a very old meme reference:One does not simply reach the Nuclear Throne.
76561198188648781,Recommended,242680,23423352,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Turtle4depression,THIS GAME IS ADDICTING
76561198049279562,Recommended,242680,23012105,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Lionheart,"A very challenging game, the one tha makes you wanna keep trying to beat it every time. Sometimes Its kinda frustating dying so many times (for stupid reasons, like a car exploding out of nowhere), but the game is so fast and good that makes you wanna try again."
,Recommended,242680,22999092,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DarkChoucroute,This is an awesome game with huge replay value. Definitely my best action game of all time.
76561198085822655,Recommended,242680,14979756,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Cap'n Wally,"Rogue Like/ Lite with guns, and endless playability. What is there not to love?"
,Recommended,242680,22991999,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Space Hitler,"its okAlso, why do people care if its 30 fps locked or not? ive played games at 60 and 30 fps and honestly i never felt like dying because it wasnt 60 fps"
,Recommended,242680,22992667,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kyluxian,"Nuclear Throne is a game, but its also a community, forum, reddit, and so much more. Paying $13 for all of that and everything else you can find is worth it. I've spent 200 hours as of now on this game, and I don't regret a second. 10/10"
76561198203037265,Recommended,242680,23017352,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Dum_Dum_Dugan,is there any way to get hold of the developers?but yes really good game
,Recommended,242680,23037782,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,tylernator2777,This game is a great choice for people who like enter the Gungeon but did not think it was hard enough and can tolerate getting completely destroyed in seconds and ruining a good run. I enjoy the incredibly varied gameplay styles in all of the characters that is absent in most top down shooters
,Recommended,242680,23043338,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,K'rEn,"Awsome and challenging game, would love for it to be steam controller compatible though"
,Recommended,242680,23030147,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,wwwJam,"I regularly go on rampages using nothing but a golden wrench whilst playing a mute, telekinetic murderer with a dozen eyes. These rampages keep being ended by some woman loudly yelling some kind of Scandinavian language punching me in the face at mach speed.All in all, 10 outta 10."
,Recommended,242680,23026892,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,S A I N T P E P S I,YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE
76561198066227586,Recommended,242680,23027855,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,certified goober,One of the best indie games out there.
,Recommended,242680,22886246,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,spookyseut,"TL;DR: You should sit on the radioactive chairThis is my favorite game of all time. That title used to sway from The Binding of Isaac, Don't Starve, and Risk of Rain (although I still love them) but it's rested here, and I bet it won't be moving. The difficulty of this game is what keeps me glued, as with something like Risk of Rain, it's hard, yeah, but after a while (or in my case 40ish hours) the game seemed far too easy. Nuclear Throne combats something like that by having no real unlocks besides being able to play as new characters or start with slightly better weapons. It's well worth the money. The characters are all very balanced (except for Melting♥♥♥♥ you, melting, and whenever you die, it's all very fair, and you're the one at fault. The music is great, the art is neat, and the replayability is 100%. So, sit on that throne, and go mildly insane trying to win."
76561198066166699,Recommended,242680,22852852,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Toatsmagoats,hard af
,Recommended,242680,22739846,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Finny Malay BR,trik e
,Recommended,242680,22695664,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,squatchalope,"A fun indie game, I can't wait to see what else they add to it."
76561198074667232,Recommended,242680,22694259,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bailey12348,Rouge like thats a ton of fun. Not much else to say.Except.....Buy it.......... :3
,Recommended,242680,14087570,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,pREDa fo^rE-veЯ,"I just wish it was still called ""Wasteland Kings"", that title was so badass."
,Recommended,242680,22751502,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Fried Anus,"drunk after a late friday night? need to sober up? look no further! this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and sober you lazy♥♥♥♥♥up quicker than a virgin on prom night! seriously though this gae is ♥♥♥♥ing crack man. met the dev at pax east, chillin evil as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. props to this game and everyone involed in it."
,Recommended,242680,22753514,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,bagel,Fun fast paced game. Similar to Isaac in that it takes a lot of time to get decent enough at the game to loop every time. Would reccommend this game for sure.
,Recommended,242680,22732759,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Domestic Violence,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　  ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　                       ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°） ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,242680,22574531,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,LiteralNinja,BUY THIS GAME. Hands down one of the most fun games I've played. Really easy to waste a lot of time playing this game!
76561198047936755,Recommended,242680,22631142,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Fake Name,This is an excellent twin-stick shooter. Its procedurally generated levels are the icing on this delicious radioactive cake.
76561198121559467,Recommended,242680,22576257,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,XtraMeat,Needs more online co-op 9.99/10 -IGN
,Recommended,242680,22112883,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Artio,This game significant looked over in my opinion. The Binding of Isaac gets a whole lot more attention and praise than this game. This game is SIGNIFICANTLY better than Binding of Isaac and just about any difficult or bullethell game there is on steam for that matter. this game is absolutely fantastic.
,Recommended,242680,22653256,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,>tfw social boundaries,"Pros:-Easy-to-grasp controls and mechanics-Throne-Buttloads of weapons-Every character is unique in their own way-Tons of post-loop content-Music is simple but fitting; doesn't overstate what is actually happening-Addition of Dailies and Weeklies allows for at least semi-regular fresh playNeutrals/Subjective:-Difficulty curve can seem kinda ridiculous to newer players-Most weapons become less useful late-game, so the amount of ""useful"" weapons is almost certainly less than the full list-Not every character is ""as good"" as the others-Balance in general may seem kinda wonky to some-Art style may not appeal to everyone-Much of the ""post-loop"" content is mostly just unlocking golden weapons, crowns, B-skins, and getting to as high of a loop as possible-While randomly generated, levels have similar elements and patterns that can make things feel samey.Cons:-Seems that the console versions (and some people's PC versions from what I've heard) are fairly buggy, and patches aren't all too frequent. If you find bugs, you may have to deal with until it becomes a big enough problem that Vlambeer fixes it next patch-No ""native"" modding support for current version (This is because of the version of GameMaker it runs in, which at this stage is not decompilable). You'll have to revert back to beta 19 to mod.-Controller controls, while definitely playable, are definitely not as good as keyboard/mouse (this falls a little on the subjective side, though)"
,Recommended,242680,22648310,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,"❤ Ela, Bosak \\","Fast-paced, unforgiving bullet land.Mutation system is pretty good and makes sense because you need rads to unlock a Mutation.Ability to loop the game adds to it's replay value making it even bigger since there is already good variety of ""Mutants"" to play as.Many rage moments will come to you but also great fun once you master the basics of it and able to loop a lot of times in one round."
,Recommended,242680,22618285,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Average Tweak,"I started playing this game and didn't expect much from it initially, but after a while I saw the addicting, gun-toting potential and rage-inducing game that is Nuclear Throne. My 1.8 hours may not seem like much at all, but I feel like I've died a thousand hours worth in the game already; in the first level, to explosions of my own and to the ♥♥♥♥ing 5-2 floor monsters."
,Recommended,242680,22734191,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,pjigeon,"Best game ever, made me hang myself 3/10 it's ok.Seriously best game."
,Recommended,242680,22734386,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Wizard,real and heterosexual
,Recommended,242680,22229046,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jigglio,"So I'm rollin' around in the wasteland, on a daily, shootin' up Burrito Banditos as usual, when I get my hands on a bee-youtiful Grenade Launcher (fantastic early/mid-game wep imo). I blow the Banditos, Scorpions, and Maggots to smithereens and set off to find the last Scorpion. I pull out my Grenade Launcher and fire.Y.V./100 would blow myself up on a cactus again"
,Recommended,242680,22208569,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bad News Bear,I was highly apprehensive of Nuclear Throne as in general I am not a fan of the genre.10/10 bought the shirt can't stop playing.
76561198182001491,Recommended,242680,22474434,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,reaper,事实上，这款游戏并没有你想像的这么难。你只需要一个趁手的武器，一个近战以及长手。当然，如果你愿意，你可以拿小左轮打。射击手感非常好，虽然鱼先生的翻滚不像某款游戏里可以躲子弹……
76561198099178635,Recommended,242680,22428185,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) guten Morgen,A great game that I really urge you to play.
76561198026870633,Recommended,242680,17052784,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Pear Pressure,"Great concept but at the moment it feels like im playing a browser game made on paint. However the music, art style, gameplay and characters are very good for a fan of roguelikes. Menu is practically aesthetical (for looks only) as nothing works. If you can look past all the unfinished elements, unlike me, then you will find that this is a great roquelike to add to your collection.EDITED: post Early AccessThe game is pretty much complete, menu is polished and working well. If you are a fan of roguelikes and difficult games where it thrusts you into randomly generated dungeons with insane bullet hell, this is the game for you. The combat is extremely satisfying. I can definitely recommend this game in its current state."
,Recommended,242680,22259267,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Serbia Strong,Honestly quite possibly the best indie game that i've played and i play alot of indie games. this is a must buy for any fan of Indie games or Bullet Hells♥♥♥♥ing Skeleton
76561198101454001,Recommended,242680,16800927,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Elsker,Tis' gud*Edit: Still gud*
,Recommended,242680,27648444,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Monsieur Kwis,"Nuclear Throne! What can I say about it?Very challenging game, it feels tough and sometimes even unfair BUT it always kept me trying for hours! This game is like potato chips: You say ""one more"" and then you keep eating until you feel bad about yourself, contemplating your empty bag that once was full. Except this bag never gets empty. It's hard but addictive.Special mention for the sound effects, the mutants' voices are pretty fun to hear!Nice rogue-like, affordable and easily worth its price!This game is rad!"
76561198080863471,Recommended,242680,27648273,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,F.T.P,Very nutty af boi
,Recommended,242680,24666824,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Kirito,"This game is absoloutely one of the best games I've played.It's a fast paced Action Bullet Hell game that is a lot of fun, and very difficult much the same.I definitely recommend it if you're into these genres, as it's top notch at that.ProsFun and very addictiveChallenging DifficultyCharacter Variety -- 12 Charactersand 2 secret charactersMutation VarietyLots of in-game content (monsters, weapons, bosses etc.)No micro-transactions, 44 tough achievments to unlockHuge replayability valuemostly due to the fact that you can loop endlesslyA community user (YellowAfterlife) made a multiplayer co-op mod that is very easy to use and works like a charm (assuming you use Windows), which made the game a trillion times more fun.ConsHorrible local co-op that is very buggy and not well-made. But doesn't matter due to the last point in the Pros.Can be really unfair at times.The score you get is based off of solely kills -- I personally think this is a terrible idea, because it doesn't allow players to focus on more factors (time, distance etc.). Also, it forces players to simply useCrown of Bloodevery time because there's no better way.The developers basically no longer update the game (no more additional content), except for a patch every year or so -- The game is in a good state, but it does need a few fixes here and there.It never goes on saleIn conclusion, Nuclear Throne is a wonderful game that is very much worth the $12. It does have a few annoying issues and can be unfair quite easily, but it entertains you enough to the point you decide to keep on playing.Plus, the multiplayer co-op adds a lot of potential entertainment which makes it even more worth it.EDIT: Nominated for ""Test of Time"" Award!"
,Recommended,242680,23812233,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Spook Streak,Fish can Roll.Crystal can Shield.Eyes can't Speak.Melting is Tired.Thanks Gun God.Plant can Snare.Robots can eat Anything.Steroids can Dual Wield.Rebel can Spawn Allies.Horror's Beam can destroy projectiles.Rogue sucks. You opinion is invalid.YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE.EXIT     *RETRY
,Recommended,242680,27915482,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jwr3,"A fantastic, challenging bullet-hell with a sweet soundtrack.Even after the game has broken you down, overwhelmed you with frustration, and caused intense weeping, you'll keep coming back!Nominated for the best use of a farm animal award.:vlambeerChicken:"
76561197970481399,Recommended,242680,28547939,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,vlado,"You mean to say you don't have this game already? Wtf, dude, get playing!"
76561197993594345,Recommended,242680,20020880,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,𝓤𝓷𝓹𝓸𝓴𝓮𝓪𝓫𝓵𝓮,This game is perfect for those who enjoy punching their monitors.
76561198202144616,Recommended,242680,28547004,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,RussianPanda,This is a really good game
76561198063845723,Recommended,242680,31169849,Posted: 15 April,all,ANGREY MONKEY,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH LITERALLY BEST GAME EVER BUT IT MAKES ME ANGRY
,Recommended,242680,25874480,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,xxxdickfatcion,Nevada in a nutshell
76561198016003466,Recommended,242680,19562605,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,__,140 hours of my playtime is grinding against hard mode. dont do this and you'll have fun
,Recommended,242680,13125203,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,an explosive hamster,"Good game but arggggggggggggggggggg its soooooooooo hard! its like a rage game action game mix 9/10 because its hard(~_~)""    '|____|you get better though.10/10"
,Recommended,242680,30266597,Posted: 1 March,all,Pr0 repr,"This game requires a bit of time to understand the mechanics, but it pays great dividends.  It's fast paced, high intensity and will leave your heart racing.  Great game overall and I enjoy the retro-style graphics."
76561198261461581,Recommended,242680,31307726,Posted: 22 April,all,shadowking70000,"I really like the game, it has a really pleasing art style aswell as an amazing character unlock format. I recommend this game to anyone. There is a mod for NT(Nuclear Throne) called NTT(Nuclear Throne Together) that allows people from further away to play along side eachother. If you are going to get the game I recommend you get the mod andadd me. If you need any explaining of how to get the mod downloaded Im always down to help out."
,Recommended,242680,31255296,Posted: 20 April,all,VG_Morkel csgoroll.com,"This game is difficult, but not to the point that it isn't fun. This game also had a great idea with adding mutations. I love the variety of them and they can create many different builds that can adapt to any play style."
,Recommended,242680,31276777,Posted: 21 April,all,Fancy Fedora,"Being honest, I love this game. It's very addictive, bringing you back for more. Although the fights are hard(Lil Hunter), I really recommend this game to any person who love a ♥♥♥♥ ton off​ everything everywhere."
,Recommended,242680,20502436,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,jxpt,Fish can roll.
,Recommended,242680,19829790,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,randomoink,"One of the best top-down roguelike pixellated shooty-booty-rooty-tooty games that exist right now.The music is good, the gameplay is good, but it can crash at times."
,Recommended,242680,23733707,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Super Muffin,Crashes seem to have been fixed. With the co-op mod installed game is a solid 9/10.
,Recommended,242680,31345592,Posted: 24 April,all,Terry Hintz,it's ♥♥♥♥ing good
76561198278143617,Recommended,242680,31211588,Posted: 17 April,all,Dr Penguin,The game is great but it is very frustrating when you die and you make it so far in the game you have to start all over again. Damn.
76561198065152701,Recommended,242680,31230310,Posted: 18 April,all,THE SAVIOR,after playing this game for this long i wanted to put thumbs up. its a wonderful must have game for anyone that has steam
,Recommended,242680,30304415,Posted: 3 March,all,Deano,I've never been so addicted to something I really hate this much!
76561198041371573,Recommended,242680,30248999,Posted: 28 February,all,paul,"My dog is always by my side, but he leaves the room when I play this game."
,Recommended,242680,31209114,Posted: 17 April,all,Polygonine,"This rogue-like, bullet hell, hair pulling, yet zen zoning game is one of the must haves for anyone who is building an indie collection. Or just regular people who want fun and have money. Either way, this game will make you die over and over again, training your reflexes until your brain looks like its on steroids, or maybe your brain will look like steroids. Either way, brilliant game, loads of replayability, but unfortunately for you, you will need to git gud in order to enjoy it."
,Recommended,242680,30310394,Posted: 4 March,all,Calybar3000,one of the best bullet hell games i have ever played. All time favorite!!!
,Recommended,242680,31355883,Posted: 25 April,all,WrytXander,Perhaps the best twin-stick shooter ever. Every single element of this challenging rogue-lite works flawlessly in tandem with the presentation and musical score to create a whimsical top-down game world with a deeper lore than is immediately noticeable.
76561198178462998,Recommended,242680,31364271,Posted: 25 April,all,Starfish,"I unlocked steroids two days ago, and recieved the steam achievment as well. Today I opened the game, and I did not have steroids or the achievment. What's going on Vlambeer?"
,Recommended,242680,31534550,Posted: 3 May,all,Hecc Maniac,Its pretty neat
76561198049134301,Recommended,242680,31545783,Posted: 4 May,all,chimericist,Super awesome twin stick or mouse and keyboard shooter. Tons of fun. Hard but generally not unfair. It does have procedural elements that can mess you up though.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,242680,31544870,Posted: 4 May,all,Claymo,"lovely game, worth supporting the dev"
,Not Recommended,242680,28974432,Posted: 3 January,all,Scrubshark,"A nice fantastic developed game but it has some really cheap mechanics to get you killed and is far too cheap and random to be a decent roguelike. At first this game was tough as nails but once you get better at it it is nothing but cheap portals opening up near you and a convenient car so you get instakilled.An assassin that is around the corner, you try to shoot it but melee through wall.A boss spawning in a tight corridor blasting you to death. An enemy firing behind a wall that you cannot see because of the camera.Plain right frustrating is what this game is now and not in a good way.It became one of the least liked rogue likes i have played due to the superbly cheap deaths you get once you get better at the game. I almost would say the devs just shoveled this game and could not code properly but they claim they did all these things to make the game harder.As much as i still like this game it has frustrated me beyond belief.I mean it can happen you get carsploded every now and then. That is the RNG of it all but i have been having these things non stop."
76561198043345040,Recommended,242680,31638802,Posted: 8 May,all,Zatharista,"Its fast, its fun, and it has interesting characters with a nice variety of levels, guns, and enemies. Soundtrack is also one of the best I've ever heard, especially for an indie title."
76561198119315853,Recommended,242680,20940271,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,GuyMcDude,"This game is way too fun. I literally sat down for an entire day or two and just played this. In that time I only managed to beat the throne once... But, it's still fun. 10/10 would in a hurricane of bullets that spawn more hurricanes."
76561198138091419,Recommended,242680,31554404,Posted: 5 May,all,DevilsWolf,LOTS OF FUN! BY FAR MY FAVORITE GAME!!!
76561198033964892,Recommended,242680,31666501,Posted: 10 May,all,Kill Dash Nine,"I finished Binding of Isaac: Afterlife's all challenges including Godhead. This is just to say that unforgiving games catch my interest. The Lost missions are ridiculously difficult.This game is great stuff. It's short and it's a blast. Better than Isaac in that it doesn't require any metaknowledge. Just jump in and blast away.I've got to the throne room 3 times. 2 times got killed by the throne. 3rd time made it.Best part is, after finishing the game, I'm still going at it as if this completion never happened."
76561198032761932,Recommended,242680,31718669,Posted: 13 May,all,Gigaxe,A very addictive and fun game. Deaths never feel unfair and it always leaves you wanting another go. This is a must-have game.
,Recommended,242680,31734020,Posted: 13 May,all,roadkill,one of the best untra-hard rouge-like bullet hells out there. a must buy for rogue-like fans
10710111810511013,Recommended,242680,31740770,Posted: 13 May,all,Kevin,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242680,17529699,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Flame,"The game is challenging and really fun. Coop is sick and the list of characters from the game are very different. Everytime I play, I always have a good experience."
76561198031827021,Recommended,242680,14363620,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ruffian,"I bought this game during Early Access and I loved it. I loved the attention the Devs gave it. They payed attention, fixed bugs, and added new content. I waited for the next updates whem they were still coming. It was a lot of fun. The game still is fun, but it's been abandoned. There is still some things that need working out that will never be worked out. We are all still waiting for at least one last bug-fixing update that was promised. It won't ever come. It's hard to reccomend for that reason. Still worth buying I think."
,Recommended,242680,17364933,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,John Sticky Fingers,"If you like rogue-like games, then this is a good game to pick up."
,Recommended,242680,31845616,Posted: 19 May,all,Fleez,"The more I die,the less I groan.The more I want to reachthe Nuclear Throne.I can't sum this game any better than that."
76561198278674648,Recommended,242680,31861111,Posted: 20 May,all,cutsey cheese!,good but my main problem is with the bosses especially lil hunter my problem is that they come in to quickly so theres a bunch of enemies trying to kill me while im trying to beat the boss cuz the game did not give me enough time to clear the area of enemies i think the bosses should only apear when almost all of the enemies are dead other then that its an awesome game that i cant beat mostly because of the problem i just talked about...
,Recommended,242680,31869398,Posted: 20 May,all,Glu3 🐍,Amazing. GET IT!!!!!!
76561198031000001,Recommended,242680,31868749,Posted: 20 May,all,MAN_WITH_JAM,A fun top-down shooter that is sure to get you hooked.Well worth the 12 dolleroos I paid for it.
,Recommended,242680,31872984,Posted: 20 May,all,MrAwesomeguy04,"This game is difficult, and when i say that I mean it. Still it'd fun af play play as mutants and illuminati"
,Recommended,242680,27249351,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nick Sandwich,This probably the only single-player game I've ever wanted to play over and over just so that I could get better at it.
76561198107978712,Recommended,242680,20160640,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fish,This game is great and I reccomend it for people who play top down shooter games. The game is really fun and the characters are really cool. This is a great game considering its price and I strongly recommend purchasing it.
,Recommended,242680,27979416,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BIG GAMMON,Fast-paced. Gritty. Mind-numbingly tough. Buy it.
76561198162946573,Recommended,242680,26861070,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BoogalooTheBear,"Really awesome 2D pixel rogue-like shooter, as someone who enjoys intense item-based arcade games I can say that I had a great time playing Nuclear Throne! i r8 8/8 m8 no b8"
,Recommended,242680,26845781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cyclo,"You left the Rogue-Lite in the microwave of lore for too long, now it's radiated to hell and back!...So, what is Nuclear Throne? Well, it's a rootin' tootin' shootin' kinda deal. You shoot enemies before they do the same to you.Nuclear Throne will break you. It will make you. You will get to the Nuclear Throne no matter how many times you have to do it.Whether fishy, robotic or melting, you'll get to that god damn Throne and you'll damn sure rest on it.only to get blasted by lasers"
76561198061690647,Recommended,242680,26846061,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RoboMaster_And_SamuraiAri,WELCOME TO THE WASTELAND! prepare for action around every corner it's a fun try and die kind of game that i highly recommend
,Recommended,242680,26495052,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Random Panda,"So this game is complicated. You'll not want to stop playing until you die about 10 times in a row to things you didn't know about, but you come back. This game is addicting and one of if not the best games I've played, but is incredibly difficult and there's very little way to progress other than trial and error.It's amazing though."
,Recommended,242680,26185942,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Sir Bumpleton✿,"Awesome Roguelike, mechanics and characters. Good for short and long games. Also, Fish can roll. Overall can be alot of fun. Kind of difficult at the beginning, but practice makes perfect."
,Recommended,242680,26185375,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Asolator0,10/10 very fun
,Recommended,242680,26162941,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Mooel,Yes.
,Recommended,242680,26483868,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Squidgward,"Honestly I had fun with it the second I started playing it and I can't stop. I would pay triple the price of this for this game, please stop reading this and buy it already."
76561198049642794,Recommended,242680,26433275,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TUscrap,"this game is pretty tricky, if you like something challenging this is for you."
76561198085041894,Recommended,242680,22550761,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,zombifiedYELLOWsquid,Verry good and i have no frame rate drops at all
,Recommended,242680,26718106,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mhbv,Fish can roll.
76561198290243730,Recommended,242680,26721003,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),best game ive played in years
76561198089215302,Recommended,242680,27133967,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ShallowGalaxy,"I recommend Nuclear Throne to everyone who wants a challenge and isn't afraid to die. A LOT. And I challenge everyone with the game and everyone who buys it, to get every skin and character in the game. 'Cus it's probably a superhuman ability (namely extreme reaction speed)."
,Recommended,242680,25567331,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Shroomhead,"Nice challenge for any hardcore gamers.Tonns of deaths, including yours; variable characters with their own features; mutations & good amount of weapons to build your own setup; randomly generated levels; some nice secrets to reveal through the game. And etc.""Risk of Rain"" would be a good recommendation for you, if you enjoyed this one.GL&HF"
76561198069745817,Recommended,242680,27600585,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,IIIIIIII,Extremely fun and time-consuming game.
76561198024346062,Recommended,242680,27601338,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shooting Stars,I love this game with a passion <3
76561198116828272,Recommended,242680,27608404,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kir Kanos,Strong Spirit = filthy casual
,Recommended,242680,27609584,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WUTHAX🇦🇺,jesus man
,Recommended,242680,27581839,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spooky Danish,"Even though I have screamed at this game repeatedly, I always come back and have fun when I do. Similar to Hotline Miami in terms of being angry at it but still loving to play it."
,Recommended,242680,27612929,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Soundbeard,There is no end to how great this game is. All of life is just a race to the Throne.
76561198170136202,Recommended,242680,27612322,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Mr. ""Larakai"" Steeno","Nuclear Throne. Heh, this game is something the risk-taker DIES for.To put it short, Nuclear Throne is a Rogue-Like Randomly Generated Bullet Hell filled with twists, characters, enemies, and one goal. To sit that mutant♥♥♥♥♥on the Nuclear Throne.I honestly do not think Nuclear Throne is safe for any casual or faint-of-heart player. Starting out in the game will land you getting punched in the face like you got slammed by a truck. This is a game where dying is always a lesson. This is a game where dying is entirely your fault. This is a game to test your skill. Nuclear Throne is one of the best games to just have fun with.9.2/10 - Nearly perfect with it's simplistic and diverse style with an absurd amount of difficulty that can only be trounced if you can master it."
,Recommended,242680,17429774,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,makeyoufeel,"Pros:Fun, fast paced gameplayfantastic soundtrack :)constant updatestons of weapons, characters, and mutationslooping increases difficulty exponentiallycons:if you don't like difficult games, this isn't for you, go back to your robloxthe constant updates of early access are gone, it is now almost never updated and any bugs that you find will probably be there forever, unfortunately.This game can be INSANELY difficult, almost rage inducingly so. However, it is definetely worth it, because when you finally manage to start beating bosses, then looping, then just having fun with different combos, and seeing how far you can survive, as well as how long, its a lot of fun.all in all, it's a solid game, and it's pretty impressive that such a small dev team made such an incredible game. For fans of The Binding Of Isaac, this game will be perfect for you.now that it is out of early access, though, the devs seem to have given up on updating the game. It has not received any update in some 8 months-ish. There are mods available now, but they don' tend to run very well, at least on linux through WINE. Still though, it's a good bit of fun."
,Recommended,242680,27579406,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dandoo,"As of this moment, I have 277 hours in this game, and I've been actively playing for nearly a year now. The fact that I'd be perfectly happy playing it for 7 hours straight when I wake up tomorrow says a lot.Best $12 I've ever spent, and probably one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,242680,27575660,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,+2,made it to the thronedied to the carpet laser1/1 would die due to standing on a carpet again
,Recommended,242680,27578117,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shirt,"One of the best indie games out there.Fast, Fun, well made."
76561198119639820,Recommended,242680,20193057,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DJ FALAZÓHABARC$,One of my favorite games ever <3
76561198060219701,Recommended,242680,28296121,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,lostcraft,"Nuclear Throne: A top-down ""roguelike-light"" shooter that combines the usual trappings (permadeath, randomized levels, character upgrades, loot tables) with crisp retro pixel art, frantic shooting, and teeth-gnashing difficulty. Highly recommended, and here's why.The world has changed. Once there were humans here, and trees, and things were good. Now there's only the wasteland, the ruins of human civilization, and an awful lot of monsters and mutants. And somewhere, there is the Nuclear Throne. Sitting on it, legend tells, can make things right, and a bunch of determined mutans set out to rest their very backside on that very legendary throne.Pick a mutant, each with their own unique passive and active ability, enter the wasteland with nothing but a small pistol and some ammo, and say hello to a brutal dry wasteland. You move your potential hero with the WASD keys, aim and shoot with the mouse, and... by now you're already dead. It happens. It will happen a lot. In Nuclear Throne, every single pixel is deadly and wants to see you dead. Getting used to the controls won't take you too long, though, and you *are* always in full control, everything's nice and smooth and precise. As you get a hang of things, you'll pick up better weapons, more ammo, and radiation: That's the stuff that allows you to level up and get new abilities... by mutating some more. Want more speed? Grow some extra legs. Weapons take too long to reload? Get yourself some trigger fingers. Love the shotgun? Get Shotgun Shoulders and see those bullets spray. Like weapons, the mutations you get to pick are randomized, adding some unpredictable element to each run. Across seven stages, things get hairier and more dangerous, always introducing some new enemy, and you also have to make your way past bosses that add some extra challenge.Nuclear Throne is an unforgiving game. From the get-go, you are outnumbered and underpowered, barely able to take more than three direct hits from a normal enemy before your run's over. Better weapons and a good set of mutations can only get you so far: Your skill at dodging, reading a fight, and reacting within a second to yet another spray of bullets is what will get you further into the game. NC makes it easy to jump back into the fray: One click and you're there again, in the wasteland, and maybe this time...With a good dozen of different mutants to unlock, with a nice range of little secrets to find, and with a raw, charming presentation, Nuclear Throne is a skill game that will tax your patience but will always see you coming back. There's a lot of satisfying gunplay, there's hilariously overpowered weapons, there's plenty of Yet Another Stoopid Death moments. This game has personality and attitude. It has staying power.For those who care about this sort of thing, NC was made in Game Maker, and it showcases how to make a good solid game in that toolkit. There are some design decisions that tend to rub people the wrong way, most norably the lack of widescreen support and a hardcoded 30FPS lock, but these decisions are part of the very design- personally I never found any of them being a ""bad thing"". I'm usually far too busy exploding corpses with my MIND and clubbing monsters with a WRENCH. Through WALLS.It also has a pretty darn good soundtrack!"
76561197987446125,Recommended,242680,28302438,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,supersamuraiseung,"Fantastic hi-octane arcade-skill twin-stick shooter throwback. Bugs aside (which has only really ruined a single run for me in 80+ hours of play so far but something to be wary of), the polish of the package as a whole is amazing. The sound design in particular just makes the game a joy to play. What NT does the best over its competitors is the sound effects of each one of the guns - it just makes them so satisfying to use (none of that weakass pew-pew ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t)"
,Recommended,242680,28642276,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,midnightdawns,I love this game.  Its addicting and overall one of my favorites
76561198035054704,Recommended,242680,28645896,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kaeros,An awesome game from great developers who understand that video games are about the fun you can have while playing it!
,Recommended,242680,28653102,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[OTDK] DragonStarter,This game makes me rage all the !@$*&#& time and i love it i honestly just love how i get the same feeling from when i play dark souls its awesome 10/10 would die again
76561198180868605,Recommended,242680,28764170,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Growbot,"Well.............I said as I went into my first game.I guess i should pick fish.I said as the green man locked into my character of choice. I didin't even read his stats.This should be fun i said as the first of many bandits to come hit the floor, blood covering my jacket.Oh yes.I said with glee. The first level had been won.Oh darn I said as I took the first bullet, the first bullet of shame to come.Oh yay.I said, as I had made it past the second level.This game is fast, I said with glee and joy.Then I made it to the first boss, Big Bandit.That bandit did not hit the floor like all the other ones did, he had a fight before.I thought I had won, I thought.As his last bullet struck me down.""You did not reach the nuclear throne"" flashed before my eyes.I clicked retry.10/10 would lose life to a button again."
,Recommended,242680,28768011,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Yung Johnny's Karate Class,"Nuclear Throne is a special kind of game. The one that you always rage at but keep coming back to. Here are my thoughts on it.Cons:- The frames. It usually isn't too much of a problem for me but the frames being locked at 30 for a fast rogue like game was not a good choice.- Balance. This goes for both types of this issue. The weapons or characters are either too weak or too strong or sometimes both. Weapons like the disc gun and the screwdriver become useless because they just don't give you any benefits. Characters like Crystal have no downsides whatsoever and end up being the go to which neglects the other characters.- Difficulty. Difficulty is usually a good thing. A game needs challenge so playing it is meaningful but this game sometimes flips that whole thing over. For example, if you spawn in a level with enemies all around you right off the bat you cannot escape. This game needs lightning fast reflexes and is like hell in boss fights like Lil Hunter.- Looping. As soon as you loop, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. Random enemies everywhere who instakill you. It's a cluster♥♥♥♥.Pros- The bosses. They are fun to fight and satisfying to beat since they give you new items. They also have cool designs and are very hard (for the most part).- Weapons. So many of the weapons in this game are awesome and creative. You go from a revolver to a quadruple machinegun and you have a gatling nuke launcher at your disposal. That is some crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥- Characters. They have their own unique perks that are useful, but are not overpowered except for a certain purple pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥- Music. It's great and really fits with your kicking of♥♥♥♥♥ It can go from peaceful to intense and helps make the tone of mutants shooting things up greater.Verdict? It's good. Not perfect and not spectacular but it is a good game. It requires patience and reflexes because this is an extremely unforgiving game that will kick you back to level 1-1 no matter if you've reached the throne or not."
,Recommended,242680,8634836,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,[GG] //-Thieffie,DIS GAME IS BEST
,Recommended,242680,29039890,Posted: 5 January,all,ダークヒーロー Luska Arco,"This game completely changed my mind about rogue-likes as a genre. Unlocking all the characters was a blast and each new run was a chance to try an entirely new playstyle with character passive and mutation combos.Thank you, Vlambeer. Make a sequel."
,Recommended,242680,18940732,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Myconix,"Pros:* You can play as the Illuminati* You use glowsticks to level up* Good cross-platform support* Ultra mutations are interesting and unique, but still useful (I'm looking at you, MOBAs)Cons:* Multiplayer is incomplete, and needs a mod to be used on a network9/10 Would not reach the Nuclear Throne again"
76561198229522884,Recommended,242680,28718329,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rodrigo.leal.lorea,"its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, a great game"
,Recommended,242680,29052979,Posted: 5 January,all,The_Warden,"This game is like drugsYour really happy when your buying itBut once you use it , you realize you ♥♥♥♥ed up"
,Recommended,242680,28738085,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LOWERCASEuppercase,"Get the ♥♥♥♥♥es, Get the money, get the Throne.If only other games followed this three-fold plan."
76561198038169154,Recommended,242680,26358269,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,F0XSQUAD,Rogue-like with a lot of content and ways of play. You can also play it online with a friend by using the Nuclear Throne Together mod which works really well.
,Recommended,242680,17356639,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Artificial Renegade,"""You did not reach the Nuclear Throne""If you love metaphorically bashing your head into a brick wall to find out which one will break first, then this game is for you.This game, being a rougelike, will kick your teeth in and throw you in at the deep end, and leave you to fend for yourself. After you get the hang of the movement, weapons and other such stuff, you might just reach the Nuclear Throne (Yes, it DOES exist.)+There are many characters, weapons and mutations, allowing for many different combinations of favoured strategy, such as being a reckless murderer as Chicken.+The developers are usually more than welcome to feedback about the update, seeing as this game is in early access at the moment.+Co-op for pairing up to find the Throne.-Co-op camera normally focuses on P2, forcing the players to stick close together if they want to explore the map.-Cursed weapons are typically from the lower difficulties, dissuading players from picking them up most of the time.-World 3 boss is almost impossible to keep asleep during World 3-3.+/-The crowns, while giving some benefits, come with downsides that sometimes balance out the pros and cons, but more often than not the downsides are more hefty.+/-Golden weapons don't have too much of an incentive to collect, except for being able to start with a different weapon, or just having more ammo upon the start of an attempt.+/-The spawns still arent perfectly safe after recent updates, but they are much safer than before.Tips:Be wary around cacti, skulls, pipes, cars and other environmental obstacles when using grenades.Crystal cannot block every type of damage with her shield.Never forget about Melting's active ability to detonate corpses that destroy projectiles and damage enemies.Steroids can fire weapons fully automatically, no matter what weapons he is holding.If you eat a cursed weapon as Robot, you will take a large chunk of damage (As of now I can't remember the exact number, I think it's 7.)Plant's snare can hold assassins in place, making them far less scary.Tl;dr ""THE STRUGGLE CONTINUES"" forever."
76561198271979383,Recommended,242680,28855603,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Guy Fieri,I didn't know you could sell perfection for $11.99.
76561198087062700,Recommended,242680,28924718,Posted: 1 January,all,babiesdontneedspleens,"Nuclear Throne is one of the best games of its type; it has variety when it comes to characters, weapons, outcomes, and more, and it is difficult to the point of being awesome at some points, and with loads of replayability.With characters, you can select ones with speed, with health, with blocking, and with other abilities depending on what you enjoy. You unlock characters as you play, so you have a reason to continue moving forward (aside from the 'just because i like to shoot.')You have different weapon classes, with everything from arrows to shotguns to explosives represented, and you haveenough bullets to keep things interesting but also enough to progress without a terrible amount of conservation. I like that about a game like this; with a bit of aiming and a bit of luck, you can manage pretty well, and with a few character upgrades, you can do even better.Speaking of which; through the collection of 'rads' via kills or random placement, you level up and gain abilities. At first this happens around every one or two boards, but later the pickings get a little more difficult due to the enemy type and your distancing. You can get things that allow more health, more bullets, kills giving health or bullets, and on and on. That makes it interesting, too, because it adds even more variety.I have clocked about 30 hours of game time that Steam has counted and at least 30 more offline, and I have to say that the game keeps me coming back."
,Recommended,242680,29165333,Posted: 10 January,all,The DemoNathan,"Great game.  Really hard, I've played over 50 hours and have only managed to see the throne twice, but it's incredibly fun."
,Recommended,242680,30092754,Posted: 21 February,all,[CuntFaces] TheFortuneCat,"Pretty good game, not a bullet hell fan but still enjoyable and well crafted.  I've made it as far as zoom zoom man so far, and say lazer vroom doggo twice, it's an exciting game that keeps your interest with a different experience every time."
76561197989698031,Recommended,242680,29953111,Posted: 15 February,all,Snake_Pliskin,"Very arcady, very fun. Makes me want to feed it quarters."
,Recommended,242680,32052487,Posted: 29 May,all,MasterJeg,"Second best videogame of my LIFE! The first one is Dragon Slayer (GBC). And remember, there's a 100% to die on this game."
76561198081329944,Recommended,242680,32052902,Posted: 29 May,all,Purple Loser,Fish can roll.
,Recommended,242680,32056689,Posted: 29 May,all,i love minecraft,WOW this game really knodcked my socks off!!! i liked that part in it!
76561198052938456,Recommended,242680,32090708,Posted: 31 May,all,tchassin,A great game I enjoy playing even if I am bad. Recommended if you like roguelikes and explosions.
,Recommended,242680,32099727,Posted: 31 May,all,Spoopy Doop,Atomic Chair is a very good roguelike.
,Recommended,242680,18301332,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,YOU WAGNER,shoot peeps
,Recommended,242680,18580339,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,アシリズ,I bought this game just so to destroy my mouse10/10 review: I need a new mouse
76561197978607081,Recommended,242680,31777303,Posted: 15 May,all,Falcon Buttpunch,"This game is slammin. Tight controls, cute art style, buncha weapons, get rekt on the regular. Nice."
,Recommended,242680,32120469,Posted: 1 June,all,Doog,great if you got a few min to spare
,Recommended,242680,32559871,Posted: 19 June,all,boing,"Loved it, though it didn't engage me for very long. Once I reached Nuclear Throne I lost all interest. Which is OK in my book, no endless psychological hooks. Too bad it doesn't have much of a deep developed story, but the theme is fun.I LOVE that I didn't need to consult the wiki to just play normally, though that's probablly also a reason why I didn't invest hundreds of hours in it."
76561198109515683,Recommended,242680,32558432,Posted: 18 June,all,purneyb,"Theres lots of bullets, and its hard. Its fun, and theres unique charactors. There a nice amount of weapons, and theres crowns that have harsh down sides that hardly pay of. theres secret areas, and secret weapons."
76561198168637543,Recommended,242680,32469460,Posted: 16 June,all,tavaszib03,"I really like the game it's fun and challanging the further you go the bigger chance of good weapons and harder enemies.All characters have their pros and cons but I recommend crystal for start because she has higher max hp and she can shield. If you get better and better at the game the more you will enjoy the harder characters (rogue,melting etc.). There are also mutations the are like  you can get by leveling up.  Mutations are the same for every character (except throne butt), but every character has mutations that work better for them then others for example steroids has low accuracy so eagle eyes is a good mutation for him because it increases accuracy.The game has it's negative parts too. when you get to a new area sometimes you are just in bullet hell and all enemies are shooting at you , this happens mostly on the big dog fight where the map is clean and there are almost no covers.You will also get beaten by lil hunter for the first few times, took a while for till I knew his attacks and the weapons that are good for him.Overall I really love this game but it's often too difficult and I just rage quit. But that's okay I knew it would be difficult when I buyed it and it was worth it."
76561198043947635,Recommended,242680,20218968,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kamui,Not quite as good as I had hoped but still a pretty good game with some nice little mechanics here and there.
,Recommended,242680,33265351,Posted: 5 July,all,medieval stab man,"One of the best games I've ever played, it has a tons of replay value, I played for 300 hours before I even got a slight bit bored"
,Recommended,242680,17756737,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,⬢Blip⬢Blip⬢You⬢Dip⬢,"This game is Simply put, fun, action, and a bit of exploration rolled into a package of pure fun. It reminds me of games such as the Binding of Isaac, but more randomized, action packed and fun. It is one of my favorite games of all time. If you have not played it, you should check it out."
76561198381406615,Recommended,242680,33259953,Posted: 4 July,all,spookriz,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197962592589,Recommended,242680,33285982,Posted: 5 July,all,Maximilian Der Lange,one of the best games i've ever played :)
,Recommended,242680,32957195,Posted: 28 June,all,Freep,#safespawn
,Recommended,242680,21234923,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,FFFRRROOOOTTTTT,B-)10/10
76561198026670690,Recommended,242680,33298592,Posted: 5 July,all,Chaks,The second best thing I've experienced involving games and thrones.
,Recommended,242680,33299659,Posted: 5 July,all,Solid Bones,Intensely good rogue lite.
,Recommended,242680,33390413,Posted: 8 July,all,Levesquire,Excellent roguelike bullet hell with unique characters and secret areas. I also recommend looking into Nuclear Throne Together because playing with friends is the spice this game deserves.
76561198113375823,Recommended,242680,29530339,Posted: 27 January,all,Mcnuggety,cool
,Recommended,242680,33419979,Posted: 9 July,all,UnblockedFawn00,what happen to gun godz but good game
,Recommended,242680,33416483,Posted: 9 July,all,ウィアブー,very nice.
,Recommended,242680,28049951,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,|LoG| - ΣnV -,"""WHERE AM I?! WHAT IS HAPPENING?! DID I WIN?! ♥♥♥♥ I DIED!""Rinse and repeatHighly recommended"
,Recommended,242680,22734912,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Xeno,Yes.
76561198219710453,Recommended,242680,21654152,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Chris Hansen,"Kills A Giant Bandit, kills A Giant Dog, Kills a small hunter then dies to something thats already dead100/100 would die a again"
,Recommended,242680,30158185,Posted: 24 February,all,Teleclast,"Super fun, highly suggest the mod Nuclear Throne Together."
,Recommended,242680,31160613,Posted: 15 April,all,Capri,"I don't really know how to express how much I love this damn game. It's probably my smartest buy of this year, I definitely reccomend."
76561198342609992,Recommended,242680,26547022,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,gamebrainpain,So so so awesome. My first day playing and I'm already hooked. Rockin' guns and GREAT graphics. What a blast. I needed this escape after the election.
,Recommended,242680,31135846,Posted: 14 April,all,Deathskull5,Nuclear Throne is one of the best Rogue games i've played sense 1943
76561198031009393,Recommended,242680,31008796,Posted: 7 April,all,R E A L N I B B A H O U R S,you have to kill desert people and a giant desert personyou have to kill sewer ratsyou have to kill junkyard rats and lizards and robot snipers and a dog with 3 heads that shoots missilesyou have to kill crystal spiders and crystals with lasersyou have to kill snow robots snow tanks snow robot dogs and this little annoying imp who gives me suicidal thoughtsyou have to kill all powerful beings composed of pure energyall this just to kill a giant chair
,Recommended,242680,27067722,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bionic Anomaly,The throne is a lie. Just kidding. Only the chance of you getting there is.
76561198061580216,Recommended,242680,27366612,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Funcent Frog,pretty dank
76561197986604433,Recommended,242680,31184608,Posted: 16 April,all,Wonderbra,BUY THIS GAME!@
,Recommended,242680,31180222,Posted: 16 April,all,mayelifius2,Great game
,Recommended,242680,29350622,Posted: 18 January,all,Philip Seymour Walkman,"I don't really like bullet ragers at all yet I keep playing this game, can't for the life of me explain why. I guess thats a good thing. I like to think this is my training for when Uncle Sam goes uncle Commie and it's up to me to save the family farm from their intteerracial army of pig ♥♥♥♥ers. As the late Irving Babbit saidThe democratic idealist is prone to make light of the whole question of standards and leadership because of his unbounded faith in the plain people. - Irving BabbitSo yeah check out my mixtpape"
,Recommended,242680,31140212,Posted: 14 April,all,Poltergeist101,VERY FUN AND ACTION
,Recommended,242680,26481861,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Hyp3r,Really fun and challenging. Lots of content and replayability. Buy it with a friend so you have someone to compete against in the daily challenges and then keep a running total of wins.
,Recommended,242680,29236719,Posted: 13 January,all,Samueldevaz,"Awesome game!Very addictive, fast-paced game with short or long runs depending on your skill and experience. You'll keep coming back for all the little secrets this game has, awesome graphics and very nice music!"
,Recommended,242680,29219093,Posted: 12 January,all,À̧̛j̴̢n̶̡a,One of the fastest and most fun rougelikes ever.
,Recommended,242680,29199041,Posted: 12 January,all,Storm Lantern,"I am really bad at this game.Still one of my favorites.Lots of secrets, lots of characters, lots of weapons, lots of death.Smooth controls, good sound quality, excellent(though not necessarily distinctive) art direction, and really freakin' fun if you don't mind dying a lot.5/5; would recommend."
76561198087059496,Recommended,242680,29194643,Posted: 11 January,all,Stitches,"Great game to have some nuclear warfare fun. There are crazy guns, interesting and funny characters, and lots of replay value. My favorite part of it is probably the fast-paced combat. Its very intense at times, maybe sometimes unfair, but never stressful or unfun. And it also has the Adolescent Nuked Warrior Tortoises. And Y.V. Y.V.s cool.8/10 Not Enough Yung Venus"
76561197976823777,Recommended,242680,29267203,Posted: 15 January,all,Vox Secundus,"Fun game, procedural but tightly controlled enough that dying feels more like a lack of ability on your part than the RNG destroying you. Also the aesthetic and music are great."
,Recommended,242680,29375402,Posted: 20 January,all,Whirbl,Great game. My only gripe is that it only runs at 30fps.
76561198156048122,Recommended,242680,29386837,Posted: 20 January,all,bUMCHI,"I have played this game almost non stop since i purchased it, I can say without a doubt it was one of my best games of 2016.The gameplay is simple but engaging and though it feels like banging your head against a wall for the first 5 to 10 hours, constantly dying to the first boss and occasionally getting a bit further, the only way to improve at a game is to play it, and thats what you have to do.Also i found that just watching youtube videos of people playing the game  helped me get better. Especially this video, most of the tips are still relevent as of January 20th 1017:https://youtu.be/_afnZHaSQc8I'd say its a 9/10 in it's current stateAlso I bought the IndieBox for this game and its a pretty good deal. -https://store.theindiebox.com/products/nuclear-throne-limited-edition"
,Recommended,242680,29512000,Posted: 26 January,all,Shit Lord.,"So much time wasted, and it was so cheap. What's it to love?"
76561197980355363,Recommended,242680,29484068,Posted: 25 January,all,Flutschfinger,"- one last round before going to bed- this doesn't count, I was killed in area 2- this time it wasn't my fault- okay one very VERY last tryI lost faith in gaming some time ago but somehow fell in love againNice co-op-mode and online co-op mod besides"
,Recommended,242680,29340384,Posted: 18 January,all,Quamzilla,"I would never say I'm anywhere near good at this game but I like it a whole lot. Between the fun arcade shooting, smart on-the-fly tactics, and great art direction and music and atmosphere, you're getting a fantastic little arcade-shooter for the dollar."
,Recommended,242680,29295579,Posted: 16 January,all,ZhakoBraum,long and fun
,Recommended,242680,29259980,Posted: 14 January,all,CrazyChippy,"I couldn't waste my life on a better game. The game is like every other rogue-like game, but it's completely unique in its own, twisted and distorted fashion."
,Recommended,242680,29542063,Posted: 28 January,all,Rabinex,is gud
,Recommended,242680,29880159,Posted: 12 February,all,WaywardBus (Trade.TF),its such an amazing game although I keep dying at 3-1 it is defenetly worth the 12$ and with random genorated maps every run is different I rate this game 11/10 and please make more games like this
76561197962547498,Recommended,242680,29887637,Posted: 12 February,all,horseboy93,"An amazing game that will keep you coming back to die, while managing to keep a smile on your face.The learning curve might seem steep, but it absolutely makes the game all the more rewarding.Delightful characters, interesting skills, scores of weapons, goose bump-inducing soundtrack and audio design all wrapped up in a beautifully visceral experience which never cease to delight and surprise."
76561198070503321,Recommended,242680,29849220,Posted: 11 February,all,hungus bungus,Isaac with guns and on steroids
,Recommended,242680,27040617,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[hswak]Pfat,good
76561198090928964,Recommended,242680,29863860,Posted: 11 February,all,SpookerLoaf [TC],"The best game of the genre hands down, Nuclear Throne still provides content for me 271 hours later. Perfectly balanced and always running smoothly, the game shows no mercy to beginners but is unchanging to the adept player wishing to reach his new PR. I would reccomend this game to anyone willing to really sit down and try it out, no impatience allowed!"
76561198120435099,Recommended,242680,29659130,Posted: 2 February,all,Autismo,"Nuclear Throne is a over-the-top top-down roguelike bullet hell shooter. And I still get confused by music genres. Nice.Nuclear Throne is a very action packed, almost 90s-style game with explosions every picosecond and a constant tinnitus of gunfire in your ear, not unlike DOOM. A ""testosteronefest,"" if you will. Nuclear Throne pulls this off very well with a great blend of fast-paced gameplay, gritty retro aesthetics, satisfying gun sounds, and an enormous arsenal of ridiculous and barbaric weapons.The game features a cast of interesting characters to fit different play styles. If you want to be super aggressive, you can play as ""Steroids,""  who can wield 2 weapons at once and go full-auto with any weapons. If you're a ♥♥♥♥♥ like myself, you can play crystal, who can surround themself in a crystal shield and ignore any outside dangers. Kind of like how I deal with responsibilities in real life, only it actually works.Being a roguelike, there is a lot of RNG in Nuclear Throne. Unlike some games, though, RNG doesn't really dictate how well your run goes, apart from an awkward spawn location every once in a while. Basically, if you want to get it up the♥♥♥♥♥from RNGsus, there's a game called Binding Of Isaac which you would probably enjoy.Though RNG isn't going to kill your dreams, it's not going to hand them over to you, either. There are no absurdly game-breaking combos that will basically win the game for you.That brings me to my next point: the difficulty. This game doesn't mess around. You usually take between 3-5 damage per shot, and health pickups only restore 2. Since you only have a max health of 8, there's little room for error.To conclude, Nuclear Throne is a very solid game if you want a repeatable and exciting roguelike."
76561198056883779,Recommended,242680,29660487,Posted: 2 February,all,Scooby's Doobies,Just picked this up today cause it looked like enter the gungeon and i love that game but i think I like this more than enter the gungeon they are both great in there own ways but I love how fast paced this and hectic this one gets so quickly also great with friends but makes it alot harder in my opinion mainly cause if your friend or you die you always loose half your health but I almost got to the end with one of my friends already I highly recommend this game single or split screen it's great either way. I look forward to beating it! 11/10
76561198079433900,Recommended,242680,29660704,Posted: 2 February,all,wowie,pop pop barrap
,Recommended,242680,29660428,Posted: 2 February,all,Yung Venuz,"A beautiful game, I love it and it truly captures the beauty of my moni"
,Not Recommended,242680,7534027,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Barcode x_x,"The Wasteland calls to youA beautiful rain of corpsesIs MeltingEDIT: I have just been informed (on good authority) that if you sit upon the Throne, you 'splosion. 11/10EDITEDIT: After 400 hours I can actually make an informed review: don't buy this game, the presentation (art, music, etc) are all top-notch but the actual gameplay isn't respectful of the players time. It'll take different people a varying amount of time to realise this and for me, far too much time passed before I began to clue onto it.It's pretty divisive, calling a game frustrating. Some people take that as a positive, something to plough through and feel accomplishment after 'beating' the game, despite itself. Some take it to be a negative, some fault of the game that sucks the fun out. Others still claim that frustration is born from a lack of skill or talent at the game, and if you practise or 'get good' at the game, then fun awaits you.Ultimately, Nuclear Throne hoodwinks the player by making you think that a death was the result of your actions leading up to or during your death, when really it's inevitably tied to some rather strange design decisions during early access that persisted into the now abandoned released state. Good games are ultimately an interesting series of choices, and Nuclear Throne succeeds for as long as it is able to convince you that it has interesting choices for you, the player. The moment you realise that there is only one way to successfully play the game, and that all apparent 'choices' are really just gotchas, then you're essentially done with Nuclear Throne.A good example would be the red weapon chests. If you open one, you find a random weapon of your current levels tier or any tier below that. Yes, this means you can find Level 1 weapons in a late game / post-loop weapon chest. However, if you don't open a weapon chest for anywhere between 1-3 levels, the game will spawn a big weapon chest and drop 3 weapons. Because of the way the weapon tier drops work, this ultimately gives you a greater chance to find a good gun.So, the intention here was - do you want a weaponnow, or hold out and hope for something greater later. It looks like an interesting choice, which is what games like this boil down to. Except, the right choice is to ALWAYS wait for a big chest. No exceptions. And it took me a paragraph to briefly outline why that is, and I still don't think it is very intuitive. The whole game is like this. Every single apparent choice actually has an 'optimal' solution.This is a problem, because the game is very unforgiving in it's difficulty. Normally, I'm a proponent of this, except when you can't meaningfully change how you're going to approach the game, it kills replayability. Ammo/HP drops are another example of unintuitive play - they're tied to your ammo count. So, holding a melee weapon will change if you see HP packs or not. Or, having a full clip in your backup weapon means you'll see less health...Again, this is supposed to encourage split-second choices during combat - do you conserve ammo in case you need it later, or go wild and hope to keep up the train of destruction? Except if you try to convserve ammo, the way the drop system works means you'll actually see less ammo and health.So, trying to learn how to play Nuclear Throne boils down to learning unintuitive, counter-productive and bizarre systems running under the hood. The game is fun for as long as you think that you're losing because you're playing badly or learning and not that the game itself is designed really weirdly.Finally, the game itself has an issue with procedural generation. Each level is generated, but ultimately they all feel the same. You'll be playing through the desert world a lot, either because each time you die while learning something (like how to beat Lil' Hunter) you need to pass through it, or because to reach the late game looping you just have to kill ten minutes to beat the pre-loop. Either way, it starts to get tiresome. The reason it gets tiresome is because in those first few levels there is no real choice to be made. Mutation choice is a moot point because there's a very clear flowchart to picking the superior ones, every time. Either you're experienced and pick the best mutation for your situation, or you aren't and it'll screw you until you learn what mutations the game rewards you for picking.The reason why procedural games like Isaac work is because the part of the game you'll play the most (the beginning) actively influences the later stages of the game. If you take red heart damage in Basement Two, you can lose a devil deal, which could drastically affect that run. In Nuclear Throne, getting shot early on doesn't matter. Nothing matters, really.At the end of the day, I recommended this game to all of my friends. I got over 400 hours of fun out of it before I grew to hate it. Someone else got 127 hours, another got 8, another got 24, another got 15 hours, yet another 240. Whether that is worth the money is up to the reader. I suggest buying Caves of Qud instead, if you're looking for a punishing game that respects the player."
,Recommended,242680,20055983,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lohikäärme,"THIS GAME IS THE BEST! YOU GET TO SHOOT STUFF, UNLOCK NEW CHARACHTERS, AND DEFEAT AWESOME BOSSES!"
76561198150396838,Recommended,242680,30133538,Posted: 23 February,all,Avepes,"You're a pro player of this game. you know every weapon, where to get it, and what it does. you looped over 20 times once with bad mutations. youre deadly. ""well i think i should take a break from this game for like a day or two."" when you get back, just after 2 days of not playing it, you are not good, you forgot everything, you die to maggots. TAKE A BREAK FROM THE GAME TAKE A BREAK IN YOURE SKILL LEVEL"
,Recommended,242680,24362741,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,megacorpse,I love it too much to completley abandon it.<3   : )
,Recommended,242680,32230303,Posted: 6 June,all,Bingus Dingus,"This game is great, I'm ♥♥♥♥ing terrible at it. The developers were wonderful throughout the whole early access process, and the game runs well and feels great to play. I highly recommend it."
76561198151553694,Recommended,242680,32316671,Posted: 10 June,all,TRIC4pitator,"there's not much to say, it's extremely challenging and engaging.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,242680,20561320,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Frank The Tank,"YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE!That's what you are going to read a lot, when playing this game and failing over and over and over again. The strange thing is that, besides those ragequits and moments when you want to throw your mouse and keyboard all across the room, the game makes you come back for more. The gunplay is addicitng, the levelling up rewarding and just pumping bullets and shells into enemies is a total blast.For such a low price you can have lots of fun with this game.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/360653586053459169/7EF3F8457F7EE15C3CC71EEC968683E490B5A4FC/This game became totally a recommendation from me."
,Recommended,242680,32360079,Posted: 12 June,all,Rusty Sandusky,gud
76561198259324225,Recommended,242680,32571194,Posted: 19 June,all,Kamikazie Mike,THIS GAME IS HARDER THAN A MANS FIRST PORNO ON PBS
76561198046645813,Recommended,242680,11554659,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,esterz4head,"I bought this game when it had just came out on early access last summer.Since then I have played a little over 170 hours.I have Looped 4 consecutive times with Crystal, Steroids, Robot, Melting, And Horror.Every playthrough has been different. Each run with every character is different.This game is also one of the hardest games I have ever played.I play this game almost everday before work. It has been very rewarding.I invite my friends over to have brews after work and we play co-op on the 60 inch.I am proud to say I make it to the throne everytime I play. I have had so much fun with this game.The weapons in this game are amazing. I have grown very fond of the auto crossbow.The plasma cannon is so fun, makes my computer lag out of control. I love when Nuclear Thronepunishes my CPU.I just want to say thank you Vlambeer for this amazing game.I will be purchasing 5 more copies in the near future!Also I think I'm Sick. I looped 4 times with horror and my eyes are bloodshot.I have also been getting head-aches, I might have arthritus!If you have epilepsy DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME.You will be doing the HARLEM SHAKE! w00t!10/10"
,Recommended,242680,17869990,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,kansasmom43,r
,Recommended,242680,21557289,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bard,"This game is a real kick in the teeth when you start out. Don't let that drive you away. This is simply one of the most fun gaming experiences of my life, and there's no shortage of good times to be had even after unlocking everything. Sure, it takes a while to get the hang of, but the REAL fun only starts after you do. Areas that seemed next to impossible before are now a cakewalk, getting into the endgame isn't so far out of reach after all, and Little Hunter is still really, REALLY fricking annoying! Fun and satisfying (after some practice, of course), Nuclear Throne earns five gold stars from me, and I'm sure you'll love it too, should you give it a chance and stick with it."
,Recommended,242680,20158901,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The Spookster Strikes Again,"if dark souls was spaghetti, this would be alfredo noodles"
76561198060568049,Recommended,242680,32700325,Posted: 23 June,all,Zapi,"BLAISHYNThis game is awesome. It's so repeatable but.. You want the unlocks. You want to kill the throne. You want to go further. You want to be better. Help me I'm mutating. Help me I'm dying. Help me I can't stop playing.I COULD NOT REVIEW THIS GAME AFTER FINALLY UNLOCKING THE B-SKIN FOR MELTING. WHY IS THIS SO HARD? I mean, it's pretty obvious but COME ON XDStill unlocking stuff. I want more. I want 100%.Heard that IDPD Captain is hard. Can't wait to die trying to unlock another B-Skin"
76561198056782080,Recommended,242680,32737948,Posted: 24 June,all,RattleMeBones,"A fun, mindless roguelike with some great replay value."
,Recommended,242680,32906280,Posted: 27 June,all,Jesus Rice,its like an easier version of enter the gungeon.
,Recommended,242680,19557065,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,-=cannbis_lover1999™=-,its a really good game if ur ok with being bad for a long time
76561198018554313,Recommended,242680,32912775,Posted: 27 June,all,1313Q,Was killing rats in the sewer level. Girlfriend said it sounded like a gremlin eating a frog.10/10
,Recommended,242680,32413316,Posted: 14 June,all,DangerousNub,I like weapon. Too much weapon. I like this game. This game best. Much explosions. Portal pull me to next level. Funny.YES! I LIKE IT!(9/10 because it gets boring after a while.)Edit:This game got boring really fast. I'd like to refund it. But I am still recommending this game becauseI don't want to make people think that this game sucks. It is good but I SUCK AT IT!
,Recommended,242680,32882657,Posted: 27 June,all,Lonzo Ball Enthusiast,imma be your final fantasy. cloud strife
76561198243001694,Recommended,242680,32831342,Posted: 26 June,all,DR.Finn64,"Buy it. It hard, BUT! Buy it."
,Recommended,242680,32815748,Posted: 26 June,all,Synthisis,"Best rogue-like (or rogue-lite) to date, there are so many little hidden mechanics that i'm discovering to this day adding to the already outstanding replay value (not to mention mod support). Be careful though, this game is very difficult to the point where a priest would flip it off and tell it to ""fucc off"". but if you have time to invest and remember, practice means perfect you won't regret buying this game."
,Not Recommended,242680,27990886,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,cybercyst,"This game is terribly addicting. It is frustratingly hard, but never in a way that makes you feel like it is anything but your fault for not being better.I love the game, but it's been well over a year since a promised update that fixes many broken aspects of this game, I feel that I can no longer recommend it based on the fact that the game has been completely abandoned by its devs."
76561198059875064,Recommended,242680,32594499,Posted: 20 June,all,krystalprincess,Hiighly addictive and charming. Arcade action for those who've just... seen a lot of arcade action.
76561198157278281,Recommended,242680,29818087,Posted: 9 February,all,EpicGuineaPig,"Nuclear Throne, in my opinion, is easily one of the best games ever made.  It's got buckets of replayability, awesome music, great mechanics, and a well set-up RNG system so the game is never the same way twice.  However,  this is not a one-size-fits-all game.  It's challenging, even frustrating at times, but overall fun and satisfying.  If you like rogue-likes and/or bullet hell games. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,242680,32637007,Posted: 22 June,all,loli,Honetly one of the most fun and addicting rogue-likes on the market.
76561198132864706,Recommended,242680,32574325,Posted: 19 June,all,Big Man Wildogg,"Amazing game and extremely fun. A lineup of characters who have different abilities + an enournmous range of guns makes every run insane. Another fun rogue lite game, only problem is that it hasn't been updated in several months. Other than that, worth the money."
76561197970537919,Recommended,242680,33016177,Posted: 29 June,all,Mauz,Fun Shmup! Plenty of others have cloned the style - I think this one is probably one of the better ones!
76561198335056548,Recommended,242680,33016942,Posted: 29 June,all,WestWizardFrog,"I recently downloaded this game to give it a try after seeing it on Fangamer a few months ago. I just have to say that I love it. If you're into hard, addicting, and fast-paced indie games this is for you! The only problem I had was that the co-op was only local. It's fine, and I could probably deal with it, but I just wanted to put that out there. I really do suggest this to anyone who is looking for a new game to play."
,Recommended,242680,33044287,Posted: 30 June,all,OmicroN,"Another procedurally generated roguelike with lots of different characters with different ability, lots of in-game weapons to choose fun and lots of powerups to make every playthrough completely different along with hidden areas.  If you like Isaac you should like this game also."
76561198150139791,Recommended,242680,30359031,Posted: 6 March,all,onesyboy,AAHHHHHH 3RD TIME IN A ROW IT'S CRASHED ON A GOOD RUN!!!! >:( DAMNIT
,Recommended,242680,33050940,Posted: 30 June,all,Manilupativ,What If The Cold War Was Actually Not Cold But Warm - The Game
76561198142277899,Recommended,242680,26483084,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Deul,"A Rogue-Like Here To StayNuclear Throne is a very polished game, it has, and still is my favorite game. Its simplistic idea, is executed very well with a viabrant cast of characters, ranging from a mutated fish, all the way to a space cop.The games characters are made for all kinds of people, and their prefered gamestyle, you can play like a run and gun maniac, or, you could play very strategicly, with high risks and high rewards.Not only are the characters you play as great, but also the enemies. In Nuclear Throne, things start unfairly tipped to the enemies favor, weather it be because of weapons, or enemy spawns. Slowly as time progresses through a run, things will start favoring you, but they make sure in each level, that all enemies get harder and harder to beat. And at the end of each stage, there is a boss, (Excluding Crystal Caves, Sewers, And Labs Pre-Loop) not only are these bosses hard for the common circumstance, but they are designed to grant the player an edge for the next stage, once defeated.This game has been very good at creating an enormous fan-base, and rightfully so. Not only is the game and gameplay great, but also the soundtrack. Every stage has a a track playing in the background, this also creates wonderful moods for the scenes, from it being sweet relief, to unwavering tention, Nuclear Throne is one of the best games I have seen. It is a game that is here to stay.If you have money free, you should buy this game, weather you are a causal player, or a hardcore gamer, you will enjoy."
76561197996962313,Recommended,242680,33167918,Posted: 2 July,all,LastOne,"It's a highly addictive, well balanced, bullet hell.  Depending on your play style you'll find yourself gravitating towards a specific weapon type and a specific character.  If you want something that keeps you on your toes this is definitely the game for you.  Great for when you just want to sit down for 10 - 20 minutes at a time."
76561198117555767,Recommended,242680,32555606,Posted: 18 June,all,trollolol1029,good game to play when bored
76561198068194265,Recommended,242680,33764096,Posted: 24 July,all,Renaissance_Man,Excellent game! Seems to have great depth and it's hard to explain why. Got to the Throne once in 10 hours of play and died one hit away from killing the bugger. Totally worth it. Can't wait to get my first clean run. Co-op is also excellent. I just keep coming back for more. Great soundtrack also.
,Recommended,242680,19732921,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Raiko_Terbium (drunk chi-user),would be nice if i didn't ♥♥♥♥ing die all the time
76561198208549755,Recommended,242680,29191826,Posted: 11 January,all,Name machine broke,>Get shot in face>Three times>Live>Touch maggot>Die instantly10/10
,Recommended,242680,33646192,Posted: 19 July,all,Skull Bean,"A very fun, unique, and challenging game. Even though it can be fustrating, I really enjoy it. Highly recommend it for those you enjoy a challenge and bullet-hell shooters."
76561198156634273,Recommended,242680,33701519,Posted: 21 July,all,scrungus,7/10 to many rads
,Recommended,242680,33667147,Posted: 20 July,all,ZerefZepher,"""YOU DID NOT REACH THE NUCLEAR THRONE"""
,Recommended,242680,33815293,Posted: 26 July,all,beans,yes
76561198257755431,Recommended,242680,33827855,Posted: 27 July,all,Rhipsalis,"Great game, with great pixel arts, and a cool soundtrack,""WOAOhhh... Hwoayeaaah."" and that sweet guitar strums and whatnot, or what have you.sometimes you are doing great- but then eat a bit too many bullets...but that's just a chance to try again...A chance to try more mutation combos.A chance to play with other weapons, find out what you like.A chance to unlock a character or crown you dont haveA chance to get further, maybe complete more than one loop.I would love to see a Sequel to the series... that would be cool.Just imagine-More guns for more mutants who have to visit more worlds to gather more rads to mutate more so they can fight more enemies and more bosses so they can find more unlockables to see what more could be beyond... all fuel for more campfire songs if you catch my drift- more or less.would be cool to fight the heir to the throne, mutated beyond recognition... just imagine.all in all, a great game worth a good amount of play. +1 from me."
76561198220022787,Recommended,242680,33825798,Posted: 26 July,all,The Rap-tile,"This game is a personal favorite of mine. It is fun an very challenging. There are so many fun easter eggs to figure out, and all sorts of charachters to unlock. I suggest that anyone who likes games like crypt of the necrodancer or even binding of Isaac and most indie developer games to buy this. It will always be one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,242680,22837415,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Mr. Mint,My favorite rogue-like ever made and easily one of my favorite games in my steam libary.
,Recommended,242680,34043816,Posted: 5 August,all,Shin,"Ok, guess after 400 hours I can finally give it a recommend.Here, have one.tl;dr It's good, hard and fun to play around with, just like my little Friend down there.When I first picked it up in early access, I played like 10 hours of it and never beat Little Blue Boy ♥♥♥♥, because he was annoying. After the release I gave it another shot and finally beat Little Blue Boy ♥♥♥♥ and got as far as to the Throne and of course I tried multiple times after I died to the Throne... oh yeah, did I mention that I didn't beat the Throne, but rather died to it? Yeah, it's hilarious how you thought that I actually beat him, because this Game is hard. What? You thought that would be a breeze in the Park to just buy this Game, beat it and be done with it? Let me tell you something... once you've beaten it, there are two paths that either lead to heaven or hell.1. You beat it and you feel like you've done your Part, finally conquered the Game. And now you leave and ascend to Nirvana.2. You beat it and you just want more and more and more and you feed your own ego and expect to win every single Round, but at the end of the Road... you just get back to the same Place over and over and over again until it becomes too much and you die to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that you didn't see coming.I'm not saying this Game is fair, by any means, it has it's problems. But the good do outweigh the bad and it makes for an interesting grinding session to, one day, become really good.It took me 60 hours to beat the Game... and the Game is like 12 minutes long. That alone tells you how hard it is.Graphics are average to good (I'm a Pixel Artist, so I'm somewhat biased), music is awesome. There's a Together mod that's tons of fun and adds more fun things to it.Definitely a worthy Rougelike pick from me, one that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥so many times and drags you back to kick you some more, like a loving Russian Grandmother."
,Recommended,242680,28691243,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jerry Seinfeld,is that a nuclear chair reference??????
,Recommended,242680,19819747,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,5iM,"This is a good game and i think we should support the dev. A great purchase, worth the moneyPro's- Unlockable characters with different powerups and powerups to powerup the powerups.- Fun because its challenging (its gets really hard later on)- Lots of weapons with very different stats- Lot of levels (and secret levels)- Hardworking Dev (Despite of the lack of employees)- A lot of different enemies with different behaviours- Different bosses with different abilities- A lot of different combinations can be chosen by the player (i.e powerups and weapons) very flexibleThis is a good game, one of the few games that's worth the money.  (And they have a good hard-working dev as well). So for the people that likes reading negetives reviews while buying games, this is for you."
76561198301213580,Recommended,242680,34087147,Posted: 7 August,all,Dingo Machingo,if you play gungeon just get it do it now
,Recommended,242680,34085455,Posted: 7 August,all,Cute E,"It never really gets updated but I'd say it's worth the price it's at as of now anyway. Personally I recommend playing with the Nuclear Throne Together mod, it fixes many issues in the game, and allows for mod support, and online multiplayer."
,Recommended,242680,33975967,Posted: 2 August,all,i spot a thot,woah
76561198274988525,Recommended,242680,25470592,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Seabrass,"Nuclear Throne is an AWESOME game! You play as mutants that fight their way in a world beaten down by radition, and monsters. The game is simple, shoot, kill, level up, repeat. Every level has their own special enemies and bosses. The game is endless and very fun!"
,Recommended,242680,33986890,Posted: 3 August,all,🍌CBw/C🍌,Nuclear throne is so good
,Recommended,242680,31922993,Posted: 23 May,all,DeadlyTurtle,Good game. Gets stale over time.
,Recommended,242680,34406921,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr. A.J. Naz,"Seen gameplay of this from online. Reminds me of simple top down shooters I used to love in arcades. You have choices to upgrade, build to your style."
,Recommended,242680,34422604,Posted: 22 August,all,KonradK,"A decent indie game. Vey intuitve, skill based and fast paced, one of may favorite games to play when I have some time to spare. I can definitly recommend you to check it out."
,Recommended,242680,29666928,Posted: 3 February,all,cxza\\HM01urself,"Like the binding of isaac but will have you moving the mouse around like a madman, thus rendering it impossible to play sneakily during lectures/school/group assessments/work/grandads funeral10/10, nice rogue-like :)"
76561198294574921,Recommended,242680,34178083,Posted: 11 August,all,DarkBlueHD,"Rougelikes are a well-known genre in gaming. Nuclear Throne is an example.A bunch of zany weapons, cool characters to unlock, and challenging worlds and enemies everywhere you look. At the end, you will reach the Nuclear Throne. Or, you won't, if you've already died.If you're looking for a fun, easy to learn, but hard to master game, get this. It's worth it."
76561197986955317,Recommended,242680,34283850,Posted: 16 August,all,Grandmamoses,"I keep dying, and I keep coming back. They're doing something right here."
,Recommended,242680,12153134,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,The $lump God,"This game looked amazing upon start up. I soon learned I was horribly wrong. I got to world 3 finally after 1500 years of playing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and what do I see? 80 ♥♥♥♥ING MILLION CROWS ♥♥♥♥ING GOING CAH CAH CAH CAH CAH EVERYWHERE I CANT TURN ONE CORNER WITHOUT A KAHKAHKAH AND BESIDES THAT I ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥MYSELF BECAUSE FIRE CAME OUT OF THE GOD DAMN WALLS. finally I make it past that, I got to world 3-2. yes, Im happy. then I accidentily shoot this sculpture♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND ♥♥♥♥ING POLICE COME OUT OF EVERY CORNER OF HELL'S♥♥♥♥♥♥AND START SHOOTING ME WITH ♥♥♥♥ING BLUE♥♥♥♥♥SHOTS! THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥S INSANE. finally beat those little ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, world 3-3, i am almost done, I kill the giant rhino monstrosity of butt♥♥♥♥ery and what happens after that? IT ♥♥♥♥ING BLOWS UP MY ENTIRE ♥♥♥♥ING SCREEN LIKE A♥♥♥♥♥♥ON A COMPUTER! BY THAT I MEAN IT BLOWS EVERYTHING! THIS IS INSANE. good game tho, 10/10, would recommend"
,Recommended,242680,25121977,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,xxxtentacion Dad,"If you're not familiar with bullet hells/roguelike games or even familiar, prepare to RAGE alot! This game might look ugly because of the graphic, but don't be like that! Graphic not gonna matter trust me! (You aren't one of those people that only plays games only if it has god-like graphic?, right?) Look, If u looking for a GOOD challenging game, this is the game for you!Let me tell you a bit about this game.The characters are honestly awesome and each of them have unique abilities, there's a total of 12 heroes in the game, but they must be unlocked first before you can play them, to do so you will need to complete tasks , some easy, some more secret and harder to achieve. Let's say you didn't like how the characters looked in their main look, no problem, every hero has an alternative skin that you can unlock by completing some more tasks. Just so you have a bit of extra customization.You will face bosses that will/might give you a hard time and make you rage and want to quit the game but eventually by keep playing the game you will get better and better till everything gonna start to flow and get much clearer. This game will test you, to see if your truly worthy to defeat the ultimate threat! The Nuclear Throne. Prove to everyone that you can beat it without using cheats of course.. and after you beat it, go tell all your friends that you beated one of toughest bosses in one of most challenging games in the worldaaaa! And for every Achievement Hunter/Completionist i challenge you to get all the achievements in this game.hehee >:)... If you achieve that, you either used cheats or your patience and determination must be higher than god himself!!There's much more to this game but i don't want to spoil, i want you to be surprised at what this game offers.Buy this game!! Is worth it, no joke.I love this game! <3"
,Recommended,242680,26120185,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Hammyfeu,"Easy to start, hard to master"
76561198013924266,Recommended,242680,16049601,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Killdozer,"Nuclear Throne is love, Nuclear Throne is life."
,Recommended,242680,34495596,Posted: 25 August,all,PurpleTG,Fish can roll.11/10 IGN
76561198159935531,Recommended,242680,32029651,Posted: 28 May,all,animal secretary,"Thanks gun god10/10 one of my best purchaseslegit tho this game ♥♥♥♥ing rules, the community is pretty garbage but im gonna get way more from this than isaac, faster paced and more room for skill instead of relying on RNG"
76561198068285515,Recommended,242680,31370080,Posted: 25 April,all,LumpyAcidFish,ever wanted a fast pace brutal game with robots explosions guns and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of murder well you have come to the right place nuclear scone is the only game where you struggle against the harsh elements of a destroyed dystopian nightmarish hellscape of a world murdering countless mindless monsters all in the name of a large scone SO LARGE that you might be able to fix all the worlds ailments but be warned the mother ♥♥♥♥ing po po is here to stop you if you get to close that scone it's delicious ya know
,Recommended,242680,34522455,Posted: 26 August,all,WaatiWidya,fast-paced guy-clicking simulator good game
,Recommended,242680,34511274,Posted: 26 August,all,odomi2,"Very fun.Nice graphics, good soundtracks and great gameplay full of secrets and different routes.The only thing I dont like it's the cap at 30fps. I dont understand why it is and I find it a bit annoying but you can get used to it I guess."
,Recommended,242680,34495223,Posted: 25 August,all,sad,"Nuclear throne is, quite possibly, the most fun i've had in years. You pay 12$, and you get over a month's worth of fun. It's not too hot, nor too cold. It's just right."
,Recommended,242680,34389011,Posted: 20 August,all,Kvng™,"This is one of my favorites. Sometimes it pisses me off because of the difficulty, but once you get decent at the game, it will get better. The first 5-10 hours is just struggling."
76561198117257215,Recommended,242680,34557931,Posted: 28 August,all,figgzy,Yeah. Good game.
,Recommended,242680,34734432,Posted: 4 September,all,Slamfire,"An early access success story. Nuclear throne is a tight game with a great range of character, enemy and weapon designs. Love the music too."
,Recommended,242680,34766140,Posted: 5 September,all,sapcedug,"shooty gun game with crystal, ocean man,melty face, eye-man, venus fly trap or something, robot guy, buff dude, rapper dude, rebel, chicken, green radiation monster, and rogue.huh? oh yeah its pretty fun."
,Recommended,242680,31814825,Posted: 17 May,all,Tictacs,This game was so good I've uninstalled it so it doesn't ruin my life.-Edit-I've had a relapse and now I'm playing it again. This is the best worst thing ever.
76561198347460160,Recommended,242680,34889599,Posted: 11 September,all,Daftly,Moni
,Recommended,242680,34980514,Posted: 15 September,all,Eric,"Played Melting for 50 hours, still haven't got the b-skin. 12/10 ""fun and fair"" gameplay but still basiclly my fave steam game. This game also made me hate dogs"
,Recommended,242680,35013232,Posted: 16 September,all,bl00d bubbl3,"A very nice game with many different mechanics. No run is the same. It is different EVERY. SINGLE. RUN. And thats what I like about it! One run, you can destroy the enemies get to the 7th loop and then die. But then the next one, the RNG can just screw you over, and you just die on the first level. Now THIS is what I like about it. I really recommend this game to you and it is worth the 12 dollars."
,Recommended,242680,35259630,Posted: 28 September,all,The Raid™,"Игра охренеть какая сложная... Скажем так: Ты можешь быть ультра-мутантом с энергомечом и супер плазмо пушкой, а тебя может убить какой-нибудь маленький опарыш...1482 мёртвых Мелтинга без Б-скина из 10..."
76561197994552872,Recommended,242680,35328179,Posted: 30 September,all,PostiveMentalAttitude,"OK so, its years later and the odds of new people picking this up is decreasing.That is blashemous, and this is my little PSA regarding that.Nuclear throne is Hotline Miami meets the Binding of Isaac meets... Vlambeer. The amount of pure chaos that is constantly onscreen seems impossible at first glance, yet as you keep playing a stranger thing happens: insiduously, you become *good* at it. Before long, you're gonna reach the coveted Nuclear Throne. Without spoiling too much, it's only then you realize how ♥♥♥♥ing hard this game can actually get.I have 160 hours played of a game where the average run lasts maybe minutes, seconds if I'm being realistic. (looking at you, Melting, a character with an HP pool that means instadeath more often than not).Its years later and still I'm playing this goddamned game. It's that good.It's  killed other roguelikes for me.10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,242680,35335690,Posted: 30 September,all,Ghastly Bidoof,"Nothing much to say, It's good. It's alright. It's fun."
76561198058605338,Recommended,242680,20422113,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ferix,"Just buy it, it's good, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,242680,19395535,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Zat,S A F E R S P A W NAFERSPAWN
,Recommended,242680,35374551,Posted: 1 October,all,Русский хакерски,An amazing game.
,Recommended,242680,35396832,Posted: 1 October,all,Spooky,"you like easy games? dont buy the game. if you dont like easy games, buy the game. its fast paced and difficult (not unfair in any way, lying people.) and looping is quite an acheivement (literally, you get one) and may take ages to do. sitting on the throne is basically the same difficulty. and have fun trying to unlock B skins, you sadist. definitely reccomended, but only if your up for a VERY challenging game."
,Recommended,242680,35463668,Posted: 3 October,all,"Wacco, Wizard, Smashing","Looking back on it, I never would have imagined that I would have all the characters unlocked, have the B skin for Melting, unlocking hard mode or even being able to loop.  This game is a freaking journey, it is a game that will make you scream and yell and curse and scream some more, I do not believe that I have raged more in a video game than Nuclear Throne.  First time I picked up the disc gun, I thought this is a cool weapon, shot it then got killed by it.  I have put 182 hours into this game and I will put more, it is a game that being 12 bucks doesn't deserve that price.  Lil Hunter can suck it, the throne dogs can bite it, Throne 2 can give me more ammo and gamma guts is one the best mutations.  Horror, YV, and Robot kick it.  I recommend this game to anyone who just wants to have fun, rage, and enjoy one of the best roguelikes on the market."
,Recommended,242680,35461736,Posted: 3 October,all,onionguyman,"yv is best characterotherwise, game is good get it"
,Recommended,242680,35461871,Posted: 3 October,all,King SwoleDeDe,"Nuclear Throne is a game, a very excellent game. When I first started playing, I was caught off by the fast-paced action, and how difficult the game could be at times. As the hours of play culminated, and my skills improved, I began to take control of the game rather than constantly being reamed by Big Dog and Lil' Hunter.One day, I booted up the game, with the intent of finally being The Throne.I began my run, with Crystal, my faithful companion in my hunt for The Throne. Her skills would prove useful, being able to shield oncoming bullets. The levels passed, 1-1, 1-3, 2-1, etc. Finally, I reached the fateful level, 7-3, the level of The Nuclear Throne. The fight was hell, radioactive bullets whizzing past, being reflected. I fought on valiently, using the weapons I have in my arsenal. Finally, I took down The Throne. At last, the taste of sweet sweet victory was on my lips. A large portal opened on The Throne, and I was prepared to finally have my victory.Then I popped back into the campsite and got telefragged by some dumb Throne II boss.10/10 would run again."
76561198334278509,Recommended,242680,35484999,Posted: 4 October,all,Gardevoir,"Its Hard, But The Really Fast Paced Gameplay Makes It So A Full Run Takes About 20 Minutes, Bosses Are Your Standard Bullet Hell But Just Easier To Fight, There's Also Melee Weapons Which Are Very Good To Fight With, and Are A Step Up From Your Average Guns Only Game PlayOnly Complaint Is That There's No Health Bars For Bosses So There's Nothing Telling You That You Should Run In And Finish It Or Play It Safe Till Its Health Is Lower"
,Recommended,242680,35494598,Posted: 5 October,all,Burgmund,"Once you get into a rythm in this game, you can put on some music and plow through the game in 10 minutes. Then you loop... Then you loop again... Then you loop again, and again, and again. It doesn't get old! The amount of characters, weapons, and mutations make it so you can just keep coming back. Now with this online multyplayer mod, i dont think  you could get a better game on steam for 12 bucks."
,Recommended,242680,35435899,Posted: 2 October,all,Tulkyo,If you’re greedy you’ll die early for the first few hundred rounds. You’ll learn though ..... maybe .... maybe not.
,Recommended,242680,35437701,Posted: 2 October,all,Roshanda uh dix and shit,One of the very best rogue like games of all timeI should knowI play a lot of rogue likes
,Recommended,242680,35430151,Posted: 2 October,all,ForcesOfOdin,"While originally played using illicit means, I now own this game on steam and pc. I cannot reccomend it highly enough, it's got oodles of charm, super super tight gameplay, variety such that it never gets stale, and a skill cieling that is really really high. I've literally played this game for 200 hours, or more. In fact, I'm going to go play it right now."
,Recommended,242680,35518746,Posted: 6 October,all,i am in ur activity feed,pew pew hard game simulator
