user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198137163390,Recommended,242700,15422474,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Connection Error,"-I'm playing as Green Arrow facing Doomsday-Doomsday picks me up and throws me into the ground-Punches me repeatedly through the core of the Earth until I come out the other side-Throws me into the ground on the other side and punches me back out through the core agian.-Green Arrow stands up and says ""That the best you got""10/10"
,Recommended,242700,9915201,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Melody,"From the makers of Mortal Kombat (Ed Boon), Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition, is an eye candy and it’s full of fan service.Injustice is one of the best pc fighting games out there right now, it has outstanding graphics and dark art, there are 29 characters to pick from, good and bad guys (most of them have several costumes to pick from) packed with a bunch of nifty moves. The stages are iconic, interactive, and destructible, which is cool too.The Story is short, but good (loved the parallel universes thing). Gameplay-wise the game is not too intuitive, but after a few matches you will start to get the hang of it and it’s spectacular and fun to play (some special moves are really awesome and go well with each hero or villain).Besides story and versus modes, there are other modes and challenges to pick from and lots of extra stuff to unlock.The music and sound are epic and so are the voices and characterization (loved the Joker).In summary, this is a great game that is worth your money and if you like fighting games and Mortal Kombat, you shouldn't pass on this one.De los creadores de Mortal Kombat (Ed Boon), Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition, es un dulce para tus ojos y está lleno de fanservice.Injustice es uno de los mejores juegos de pelea para Pc que hay actualmente, tiene unas gráficas sobresalientes y un arte oscuro, cuenta con 29 personajes para escoger, buenos y malos (la mayoría de ellos con varios disfraces a elegir), y todos cuentan con bastantes movimientos bien elaborados. Los escenarios son icónicos, interactivos y destructibles, lo cual es genial.La historia es un poco corta, pero buena (me encanto lo de los universos paralelos). Con respecto a la jugabilidad, el juego no es muy intuitivo, pero después de algunas batallas comenzarás a entenderlo y es espectacular y divertido (algunos movimientos especiales son de verdad increíbles y van bien con cada héroe y villano).Además de los modos de vs y de la historia, hay otros modos y desafíos y muchas cosas extra para desbloquear.La música y los sonidos son épicos y también lo son las voces y la caracterización (me encantó el Joker).En Resumen, este es un gran juego que vale tu dinero y si te gustan los juegos de pelea y Mortal Kombat, no deberías dejarlo pasar."
,Recommended,242700,7757353,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Lushmeadow,"I already have this game for the PS3 and it's amazing, so akin to Mortal Kombat in the feel of fighting and control of your character. When I saw the Ultimate Edition I sprung for it. All the DLC characters, all the skins, and there is still incentive to play to unlock the rest of the bonus content from the archives, plus achievements. Even if you're not good at fighting games the training and practice modes make it very easiy and the moves list is easily accessible. You can even pick and choose which moves are shown in the quick moves list which is a feature I'm sure every fighter has been dying for."
76561198124687306,Recommended,242700,33834207,Posted: 27 July,all,Doomguynator,it was a good game but we want injustice 2 and dlc on pc
76561198062391157,Recommended,242700,31878152,Posted: 21 May,all,Dr.Manhattan,"WE WANT INJUSTICE 2 !!!! JUST DO IT. You made the game on a pc, make the game for pc...."
,Recommended,242700,23331646,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,SteasE,Bruce Wayne meets Clark Kent. I love it. I love bringing people together.
76561198027999270,Recommended,242700,13472746,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Eifersucht18,"“Gods Among Us: Anyone can be a Hero”Fighting games have long since descended from their all-conquering dizzying heights (in the 80’s and 90’s) to become almost a niche genre, as both games and gamers diversify. Within this evolving landscape, ‘Injustice: Gods Among Us (The Ultimate Edition)’ manages to brawl its way into contention as a polished, well crafted fighter, that despite its issues, is a fine addition to any Fight Game enthusiast’s collection.Campaign:Released in late 2013, NetherRealm | Warner Bros. follow up on the commercial success of ‘Mortal Kombat: The Komplete Edition’ by essentially replicating that game within the DC Comics universe. The ‘Campaign’ mode follows the story arc from the ‘Injustice’ comic books, wherein a crazed Joker has killed Lois Lane and detonated a nuclear device in Metropolis. The game picks up with an enraged Superman asserting martial law over the planet and slowly turning from protector to oppressor. Narrated through well conceived animated cut-scenes and interspersed with 1-on-1 battles, gamers assume control of all their favorite characters as well as some others they might not have been so inclined to. The usual suspects are all here – from Batman, Superman, The Joker, Lex Luthor, Wonder Woman, Harley Quinn, Green Arrow and Bane to a host of newer faces like Doomsday, Solomon Grundy, Frost, DeathStroke and Aquaman. A variety of Single Player Arcade-style Tournaments, Challenges, and lots of unlockable comic lore round out a content-rich title.Gameplay | Graphics | Sound:Gameplay is fast and fluid, and the use of destructible environments and interactible objects work particularly well to convey the massive destruction wrought by epic battles between superheroes. PC controls are tight, responsive and well optimized for both M&K and Controller. Newcomers to fighting games will also relish the fact that unlike other fighters (which can be notoriously difficult to master), ‘Injustice’ utilizes a manageable 3-5 buttons for even its more complex combos making elaborate ‘Throwdowns’, ‘Special Moves’, and ‘In-Level Transitions’ executable even for non-veterans. Another positive is that all playable characters come already un-locked, eliminating the usual grind. Graphics and Sound are great overall as well.Flaws:In considering its flaws – Continuing issues with Multiplayer | Online Connectivity are a major concern – with poor matchmaking and worse stability making dropped connections nearly constant. Given that these same issues were identified, and displeasure loudly voiced with ‘Mortal Kombat’, the fact that they remain prevalent with the developer’s next release is almost unforgiveable. With a campaign of low replayability, limitations of other SP options and a nearly unplayable | dead Multiplayer, the overall package is dragged well down.Overall, ‘Injustice: Gods Among Us’ is a polished modern fighting game - with a large collection of fighters (30+) to choose from, a well-crafted campaign, and satisfying fight mechanics – and is well worth your consideration particularly if you are a fan of the DC Comics Universe. A broken Multiplayer component and an overwhelming sense of déjà-vu (if you’ve also played NetherRealm’s ‘Mortal Kombat: The Komplete Edition’) blemish this otherwise ambitious fighter. Recommended (On Sale) - Rated (8.2/10)Want More Recommendations?Make sure to click the 'Follow' button on our Curator Page (Link Attached) to get the latest reviews updated directly onto your Activity Feed. Link:'Game Syndicate - Curator Page'"
76561198271974420,Recommended,242700,32751021,Posted: 24 June,all,drawer3390,better than mortal kombat 9pros+ great combat+ fun+ great controls+ great storycons- mulitplayer is dead10/10
,Recommended,242700,12433467,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Jayson,"This game is kind of tough for me to write a review for. On one hand, I think it's a highly enjoyable fighting game with a pretty decent story mode, a ton of options if you're into playing single player and offline with friends, but on the other hand, the online mode has been highly inconsistent in terms of stability. The game plays a lot like Mortal Kombat, but ditches the block button and 4 attack buttons in favor of 3 attacks (light,  medium, and heavy) and a power button that does different things depending on the character you choose. Another thing that helps to differentiate Injustice is that all of the fighters are separated into two tiers, which effects how they use different items in the background. A powerhouse like Bane is able to pick up cars in the background and slam them down from a decent range on opponents, whereas Nightwing will use the same vehicle either to place explosives on or flip to the other side of the screen, evading danger. It's a neat feature that somehow manages to never feel cheap and really conveys the sense of being a superhero.Following in the footsteps of Mortal Kombat (2011), this game does include a decent story, although it is significantly shorter. The other key features of the game I feel get overlooked is the Battles mode, which is just a ladder where you fight through the AI, but includes probably about 20 variations such as classic (fighting anyone) villains only, survivor (one life bar), and combo heaven (you must land combos to damage your enemy). If these modes aren't your thing, the game also includes a mode called STAR Labs, which offers up different missions for each character that vary from just fighting.Despite the online being kind of rough to this day, there is still a lot of fun to be had here, and it's also nice that you get all of the characters that were previously available as DLC on consoles for just the regular price of the PC version. Worth a look if you're a fan of fighting games, and I definitely think this is easier for newcomers than any Street Fighter game, but be wary if you're planning on sticking strictly to online play. It's easier if you have friends to play with that you know have good connections."
,Recommended,242700,14483163,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Everybody Loves Raymond,"This is an excellent game. There is a very good story mode in game, you can use DC heroes one by one. Every character has their personality. A good game worth to purchase."
,Recommended,242700,33887254,Posted: 29 July,all,x_Vex_x,"Really nice fighting game for DC fans, has a nice variety of characters.  Patiently waiting for Injustice 2 on PC.[Controller highly reccommended]"
,Not Recommended,242700,8085178,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Teitoku Ippan,"Singleplayer story was nice and fun but unfortunately online is plagued with the same issues Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition had, which include bad delay, slow-motion fights and people who spam the same endless combo over and over that you can't do anything about. If you do manage to be winning your online fight, the other person disconnects 90% of the time resulting in no win and them getting no disconnecting penalty which they should.Was really hyped for this game but was massively let down once I realised it was just Mortal Kombat all over again with the bugs and glitches. Unless you have a thing for getting fustrated 99% of the time (which honestly this is one of the few games that makes me angry) and barely feel like you are having fun then go and buy this game, otherwise avoid it and save your money for something better."
76561198085493163,Recommended,242700,31227060,Posted: 18 April,all,Lican,Injustice 2 pls pls plsLord of the LordKing of KingsGabe Newell pls
,Recommended,242700,32019165,Posted: 28 May,all,Vengeous,Almost as good as its comics. 11/10Also we need Injustice 2 on PC :(
,Recommended,242700,13075627,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Psychic Kitty,I want to recommend this gameBut not on its fighting game merits.Yes its a Fighting Game....like mortal kombat or street fighter.  But at its core its more one very long movie with places where you fight in between.For me the game play was only ok.It was typical fighting with special maneuvers.You have the ability to do semi-stage fatalities like in the mortal kombat games....and the ability to hit the player to other areas and change your battle area.You also have a super attack and a bunch of combo moves.And the tutorial makes you practice the combo moves alot( i find that not much fun actually....i want to fight and have fun not just do a repetition motion to play...i ended up macroing the maneuvers using xpadder..i admit it)what made me really like this game was the story.Whether you are a DC fan or comic book fan or just someone who likes an interesting story...this game does not fail to deliver in that respect.In essence you could probably skip this game and simply watch the entire set of videos on youtube.But if you dont support this group...you may never get another interesting movie like story in the future.That story i wont spoil what happens....but i will tell you how it starts.....It starts simply Metropolis City has been destroyed alot of people are dead.  The archvillain who does it has been caught but literally doesnt care and laughs about the fact that the heroes will only just throw him in jail and he will eventualy get out and kill more people.  One superhero....decides....he has had enough and kills this archvillain.Thats the trailer.....Unfortunately the game kind of throws you into the rest of the game...by making it so heroes get pulled to another world where those events had happened and it seams things in that world changed....to make the world a not so friendly place.I really enjoyed the voice acting and the graphic rendering overlays on the actors...the acting isnt too bad....its very thought provoking.
,Recommended,242700,30572998,Posted: 17 March,all,♆Major✠Dirtymcnasty❝.❛,"The game itself is perfect 10/10 when it comes to a fighting game.BUT the multiplayer server is so screwed , lagged and ghosted that finding a match is like playing russian roullete with a full-loaded revolver.Great ""story""  btw, well-balanced playas 'n♥♥♥♥♥♥Peace out."
,Recommended,242700,22978698,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DignifiedPeach,Provides a better Batman Vs. Superman plot than the movie did. 10/10
76561198034782339,Recommended,242700,17907807,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,OrNaM3nT,"Got this during the sale and I must say it's one of the most fun games both visually and gameplay-wise that I played in awhile.The game is responsive,has incredible interaction with the enviroment,the characters have great and unique moves,has tons of content like 10-15 different modes,single-player,multi-player and very well done tutorial/practice sections with even more bonus missions.First off,I noticed how well done the actual gameplay is.I like this style even better than the Mortal Kombat series.As you fight,you feel like the enviroment around you is alive because you actually influence it.You can interact with various objects   in many ways depending on the champion you have and it's visually and aesthetically pleasing and also satisfying when you pull that off.''Transitions'' is the name of the special move that you can pull off depending on the map.Basically you kick someone into the side of the map and throw them in another map.It's very well done and again,it makes the enviroment come alive.The characters move smoothly and all their abilities are well done and creative.Each hero has a special ''ultimate ability'' and every single one is satisfying to watch.The single player campaign is very well done and has a good story for you to follow.Seeing all those characters together,interacting in different ways is nice,but even nicer when you include their evil duplicates.The story has 12 chapters and in every chapter you play with someone else,only Batman has 2 chapters because..he is Batman.The cinametics and dialogue are great and as I said,the story is interesting and with the gameplay,you won't get bored for a second.The only downside is the fact that the actualy storyline+gameplay lasts only for about 2 hours.Injustice:Gods Among Us features a good single player experience,with tons of additional content like the ''Classic Mode'' in which you need to defeat 10 heroes in 10 matches in a row,the last being Superman thus unlocking a different ending for each individual hero packed with a small story and a small cinematic.Also,it has Scorpion as a guest character."
,Recommended,242700,34015191,Posted: 4 August,all,Magneto_Ratul,"This game is a must buy for theDC Comics Lover. Well, who doesn't want to control the superheroes! This game is afighting genregame where you can choose almost all theDC ComicsSUPERHEROES as well all the VILLAINS to fight.What did you say? You wanna play this game online with friends/ranked match?DON'T BUY THIS GAME THEN. The server isDEAD. By ""DEAD"" I mean truelyDEAD.I don't wanna longer this review, cause there is nothing much to hesitate whether you buy it or not if you like superheroes and villains. TheCombatsystem is really good. There is variety among every charecter's combo and supermoves. There is also aSTORYcampaign which is quite enjoyable. So, my recommendetion is to buy this game on sale."
76561198260693519,Recommended,242700,24998101,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,nananana BATMAN!!,"one of the best fighting game i ever seen.10/10 for a fighting game.Story mode is awesome.And multiplayer matches are funny.(İF U FİND GAMER TO PLAY)İn my opinion Dc makes better games and cartoons,Marvel makes better movies."
,Recommended,242700,7656870,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Rich™,"Injustice: Gods Among Us is made by the same awesome team behind the Mortal Kombat series, this game is no exception, it's fluid and plays well, it has a lot of great fighters like Superman and Batman, and it does it well, it's not too fast to do moves, and it's not too slow. IGAU is worth your time if you like DC Comics and fighting games. It has A LOT of side missions and quests, and a story that'll take you around 8-10 hours to complete."
,Recommended,242700,7756479,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,"O. J. ""The Juice"" Simpson","A very well done fighting game! Has all the things you expect in a 2D fighter with its own twist to things. Great characters, story, graphics, and runs well. Many people have had internet connection problems with the game, but these can be kinked out by the developer."
76561198139520562,Recommended,242700,15458637,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Billy Frost,Pros:- Awesome story- Great combat- Great characters- Beautiful graphics- Really good voice acting and animations- The story mode feels like an awesome dc comics movie- No glitches or crashesCons- Awful controls on the keyboard- You never use the mouse- You need to play it with gamepad if you want a good experience- 4 hour story modeFinal score:8/10
,Recommended,242700,28661009,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Injustice: Gods Among Us is a fighting game developed by NetherRealm, the devs behind Mortal Kombat 9. It takes place in the D.C. universe and has all of the staple characters. From Batman, to Superman, to even more obscure characters like General Zod, Raven, Killer Frost and Solomon Grundy.It genuinely feels like a game designed to appeal to D.C. fans first and foremost. There's a noticeable singleplayer focus, with a solid singleplayer campaign that somehow doesn't feel contrived with it's plot. The premise is several of the main D.C. super heroes are transported to a dimension where Superman is a world dictator. The strange thing is that this is surprisingly well explained and all of the character motivations are very clear. It's a delightful campaign as a result and it's strange saying that given how most of the time in fighting games the campaign is an afterthought.There's a lot of characters and I really don't have that many complaints with the roster. All of the characters have their own unique abilities and traits. From Deathstroke's use of various firearms and swords, to Batman ramming an enemy with the batmobile. They all have their own unique abilities and the balance between each character is fairly solid.The biggest downside I would have to say Injustice has, is the multiplayer community for it is very sparse. And the only other option is to play singleplayer or splitscreen. As a result if you're looking for a competative fighting game that you plan on investing a lot of time into I'd probably suggest buying Street Fighter V instead. But if you're a fan of D.C. and wanna play a fighting game where you pummel the crap out of your favorite super heroes and villains, then look no further.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=826214108"
,Recommended,242700,22629002,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ra'sh Al Ghul,"You can watch Batman v Superman without going to the cinema, looking up a bad quality stream or waiting for a DVD release.10/10 would run over Superman with a Batmobile again"
,Recommended,242700,31596366,Posted: 6 May,all,Saucy Dangles,I don't think I can downvote a game that lets me play as Green Arrow. Controller needed. YOU HAVE FAILED THIS CITY!!!
,Recommended,242700,22880740,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mister Fawkes,"How did a fighting game become to have a best storyline I've ever seen?But seriously, even not being a big fan of fighting games, purely the storyline mode made this one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198003026615,Recommended,242700,29192692,Posted: 11 January,all,RivaL[.]ReNeGaDe,"Injustice indeed. The game felt very similar to that of DC vs. Mortal Kombat except with a roster that is mainly focused around the DC universe (Hello, Scorpion!). The fighting and combos are executed precisely and with prejudice. The entire fighting experience felt well done and it reminded me a lot about DC vs. MK or MK X if you’ve played that. You have interactable objects that you can throw at your opponents or throw them into said object to cause decent amount of damage to them. Whether that is throwing head of a sculpture at them or using a sewage truck to spew the fine liquids of human filth onto your opponent; you can use the environment against them. The background always has some kind of motion going on whether that is buildings falling down, other characters fighting one another, soldiers cheering you on or giants wrecking a city; there is always something in the background to make the game feel alive. You also have over a dozen maps to choose from when playing single battle and all of them will be played at least once throughout the campaign.The campaign was relatively short – about 6 or so hours short. I would’ve loved if the campaign was more of the focal point than multiplayer, but let’s be honest here – arcade/fighting games are meant to be multiplayer. It would have been great if more of the story was attached, but I reminisce that the plot is similar to that of DC vs. MK – two alternate universes colliding and fighting one another regardless of past incursions. You also have a single player option called S.T.A.R. Labs. You accomplish the mission based on throwing someone into the environment or using a certain skill combo to achieve your mission goal – there are 300 said missions.Characters are unique in their own ways and they all have their own abilities varying from a machine gun that Green Lantern uses to joker throwing bombs at your or Harley Quinn hitting you with a sledgehammer.  At times I’ve had better experiences with certain heroes more than others (of course, this works with everyone). I thought Superman was a super joke, but found that Green Arrow was a kickass of a hero. The AI goes into try hard mode the first game that you fight them. If for some reason you lose the first game (meaning one has to retry the round) then the AI becomes easier. This happened when playing Superman (I honestly didn’t like his kit). At times the AI would just stand there and allow me to beat the crap out of them, but of course that happened on the second retry (did I mention how I didn’t like Superman?).There are a lot of characters to choose from including characters that you wouldn’t normally see in mainstream games or movies relating to the DC universe (e.g. Killer Frost, Raven, Zatanna, Ares, Zod, Lobo, etc.). Most of the characters have multiple skins to choose from whether that is Wonder Woman’s costume from Amecomi or the #600 issue or that of Green Lantern being Yellow or from Red Son. The voice acting makes it feel like you’re playing Batman or Catwoman when you’re clawing someone’s eyes out and not some robotic, bland acting in other arcade style games.Aside from loading up the game, the performance of the game in general from menu, to single battles, to the actual campaign was relatively a great experience. I didn’t experience any staggering in my FPS, but the lowest I got was 55 FPS (game runs at 60 FPS). The AA and graphics in general were a great experience for a fighting game in a long while. The sounds and music fit well in their certain environment and it wasn’t too overwhelming.As for multiplayer, I’ve only seen 2 people online when I checked out multiplayer. I would definitely say that multiplayer is dead or extremely low when it comes to active members.I would recommend buying the game, but probably on a sale. If you can get over 20 hour’s worth of gameplay from single battles, campaign and doing S.T.A.R Lab missions then I say the current price is well worth it. If not, I’d say wait for a sale. It all depends how much you love arcade/fighting style games."
,Recommended,242700,29625940,Posted: 1 February,all,Nholcrais,GIVE US INJUSTICE 2
76561198044551402,Recommended,242700,31094879,Posted: 12 April,all,Koodlevoodlen,"I'm not a fighting game person, just a superhero fan. With that said, it was a worthwhile experience for me. I never got very far in online play, but offline against bots was fun enough for me. And the story mode is worth a playthrough as well if you're not content to just watching those cutscene compilations on YouTube. Recommended at sale price for non-fighter fans like me. Can't weigh in on how more hardcore people might feel about it though."
,Not Recommended,242700,21171391,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Ted,"BUY IF:1. Fan of the DC Universe. You'll love the characters design :)2. Sale! Sale! Sale!DON'T BUY IF:1. Gamer on a budget (Your money is worth elsewhere)2. You machine's specification is close to the minimum specified.Things to consider:Comparison between mobile and PC:Darkseid is a non-playable character in PCBoth have different fighting controls, main menu and gameplay.Graphics:Horribly optimized.No benchmark to test the graphics (Available in games such as Tomb Raider and Batman: Arkham City).Graphic settings are not newb-friendly.Cut-scenes and fight-scenes are rendered differently. (Need a simpler way to explain this. Will update soon)Gameplay:Story mode's duration is short for me (5 to 6 hours). Probably because I'm used to play RPG.Battle modehas theClassic Battle modewhere every character has their own ending to the game.Multiplayer (Online) Modeis definitely considered obsolete. As far as I've tested, no one plays it. If you have friends playing the game, try testing it."
14634668679235479,Recommended,242700,32795771,Posted: 25 June,all,Abigail,Really good game and a great way to destroy your keyboard  and controller! 9/10
,Not Recommended,242700,8472770,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Juxtavarious,"GAMEPLAY: The PC port of this game is increasingly infamous for bugs and glitches.  Particularly with key binding.  Several of the minigames in the main story are bugged so that you have to push the default buttons for it to register.  It still shows you the keys that you've set but it won't count if that's what you hit.  Beyond that, combos don't always properly register, even simple ones.  The battle style is rather simple, somewhere between Super Smash Brothers and Soul Calibur.  The combos don't take fifty different buttons and an understanding of calculus to pull off so that's a plus for me.  The moves do get a little repetetive and seem to encourage button mashing at times.Not everyone seemed to like the story mode but I actually thought that it was pretty well done with some beautiful references to the comics and a few movies/shows.  It felt consistent with the way the characters are in the comics for the most part.  The story mode flows well and increases in difficulty evenly.  I thought it was a great way to get to know the fighters and their individual abilities.  The button issues made that more difficult but it was still manageable.AUDIO: The music in this game seems a bit broken.  During most of the fight scenes I couldn't hear anything with the volume on maximum.  What I could hear just came across as underwhelming.  The music just wasn't that Impressive, it didn't feel like it added to the story or make the battles feel more intense.  This left me with turning off the game's music and just substituting my own.  The only thing more annoying than the music was the voice work (specifically in battle).  The voices were spot on for the most part, maybe except for Raven which seemed REALLY out of place, but the lines are very limited.  VERY limited.  All of the characters, regardless of costumes, have exactly one opening, one half-life, and one victory line.  That's it.  I don't expect a hundred lines per character but is a half dozen really asking too much?  Especially for♥♥♥♥♥♥Grayson, the original punny smart mouth.  It just makes the characters feel less deep when they have such a limited vocabulary.  I would have loved it if the characters had more commentary for specific characters, areas, and attack combos.  One of the staples of comics has been the witty banter and it is entirely absent from the free play.  There's a small amount in the story but even that is limited to opening and closing statements.  I just wish there had been more on an auditory level with this game.In the PC version, all the characters and costumes are already unlocked.  Several of the costumes represent entirely different characters such as Batman's ""Flashpoint"" costume which is actually Thomas Wayne, an entirely differnet Batman.  There are a few others that fall under the same category but don't have any difference which takes away some of the immersion.  They are literally costumes and bring nothing to the table that isn't a slight visual cameo.  The audio work in this game really killed it for me.  There was so much ground to cover and I don't even think they reached the bare minimum of what I wanted from it.VISUAL: The game looks amazing.  The trailers did the work of showing off what the game actually looks like and it maintains consistency between cut scenes and fight scenes.  My biggest issue here was the costuming, several in particular.  I'll start with my favorite girl, Harley Quinn.  I'm annoyed with a few costuming choices but hers in particular with her 'original' look.  I didn't care for it in Batman Arkham Asylum when they made her buxom, she's supposed to be athleticly built so being buxom would inhibit her gymnastics style of fighting, but this costume seems like it went the other way.  I nor my friends could figure out why she wasn't wearing a bra for her costuming.  It just makes her look off.  It just doesn't make sense.The most notable female character in all of DC probably has to be Wonder Woman.  I like all of her costumes in this game except for her Regime costume.  In one scene in particular her chest is laughably oversized.  It's like watching X-Men the Anime all over again.  The way that her costume is cut, and the leisure dress she's wearing in a cutscene in the story mode, just make her look a little too 'fan service.'  She comes off looking ridiculous at times.  This is more noticable in the cut scenes than the battles but it's there.I'm going to lump the 'mega macho' male characters togethere here because from what we noticed during gameplay that nearly all of the male characters walk bow legged.  It's like they just got off a horse or took a super in their shorts.  They just look awkward.  It's really apparent when Green Lantern is walking down a corridor in an early scene and his thighs don't touch.  They're huge, but they don't touch.  This just looks like it's meant to be a spoof on comic books because of the overly hulky guys not being able to move properly in reality.Other than than some costume choices and some awkward clipping/shaking, the rest of the characters look great and it's nice to flip through  the costumes and scenes.  Though I hope that they will add more costumes for Zatanna, Bat Girl, Lobo, and Martian Manhunter (the characters they have on the 'cover image' for the game).  They have given no support for what were originally DLC characters in terms of costumes.  Manhunter should have several looks from various periods.  And if they came out with the Earth 2 costumes from ""Crisis on Two Earths"" I would be endlessly extatic!OVERALL:  After the novelty of the DC characters goes away, the game is pretty basic.  It's not bad it just doesn't feel like it brings anything new to the table.  As a DC fan, I don't find it believable that certain characters should be able to have a 'fight,' in several scenarios it should be slaughter.  If you follow the story in the game, the characters have a pill based on Kryptonian nanotech that gives  them extreme durability, it should give it to all of them relatively equally so that the weaker characters should still be powerless to characters like Superman and Doomsday.  Seeing all other characters keep up with Flash or go toe to toe with Superman and Wonder Woman just doesn't seem consistent with the DC universe.  It's nit picking, I know, and if it were going to be faithful to the comics then a game like this couldn't even exist so guess I just have to accept that this is a universe where Superman doesn't have that much power (and I can deal with that).  I'm still glad that I have the game and I got it half off, but if not for that then I wouldn't have even bothered.  There is just too much that this game needs to fix and deal with before it's on par with its console based coutnerparts.It's biggest problems are functionality.  Keys don't bind properly, moves don't always execute properly, some moves don't execute at all, the game lags on single player, and sometimes the game runs in slow motion.  It has too many glitches and the response time is lacking.  The game needs to be patched.  Once this happens, I will change my rating from negative to a positive.  If you can get this for more than 50% off then I definitely say go for it, but there is no way that this game is worth $50 as it is.  It's just not."
76561198000861562,Recommended,242700,31122671,Posted: 13 April,all,Z0mBi3,"Injustice is a very fun superhero fighting game with a lot of well known characters (Batman, Superman, Flash, Wonder Woman, etc). If im gonna explain and compare the fighting style I would say its 2D, camera seen from the side, like it's done in Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat or Tekken for example.All heroes and villains have a good set of skills, combos and a ultimate, which are these animated cutscenes where they truly damage the opponent. The gameplay is responsive and satifying and it runs at 60 fps. Injustice is a few years old so don't expect any amazing textures though, but it runs good anyway. The voice acting is a bit different in quality, some are pretty good and some are not as great in my opinion.I played through the campaign and that was pretty fun, there is also practice mode, multiplayer and some other challenges. I recommend playing with a controller since that helps in fighting games. I used an xbox controller, just plugged it in and I could play right away, no issues.Steam cloud, trading cards, leaderboards and all that good stuff is included! If you are only going to play Injustice for the story (like I'm mostly doing) then you might wanna pick it up on a sale. The main campaign can be completed in a few hours time but its fun and shouldn't be missed out either way.Multiplayer is dead these days but there's steam groups dedicated to finding players and friends you can invite to play, get achievements and practice together anyway. Just thought I would let people know, because buying this game only for multiplayer might not be so smart unless you are ready to go through the progress of finding people in the community to play with.Very fun fighting game, well polished and lots of fun to be had. Worth a playthrough at least, the story is enjoyable I would say, without spoiling anything. A good game for fighting players and superhero fans alike. Recommended!"
,Recommended,242700,31588166,Posted: 6 May,all,DireXDoom,Better Then MK9 xD but injustice 2 gonna be very awesome:)
,Recommended,242700,7687283,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,DDF-STORM,"If you are a PC Gamer who enjoys fighting games, you must pick this up.  Both to support more fighting games on PC, and more importantly, because the game is super fun!  It's easy enough to pick up and play, but yet has a lot of naunces for more advanced fighting game players.  The game runs great with no problems and the graphics are awesome.  Like with MK 9, this game looks holographic with Nvidia 3D vision and the proper convergence settings.  I highly recommend!"
76561198005137924,Not Recommended,242700,19302522,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Hevoc,"I loved the way this game looked, but the port from console is absolutely terrible.  My PC can handle this game 100x over on ultra, but the coding is so bad it runs like crap on many high end PC's.....pure crap.  Last time it was on sale they handed out tons of refunds to horrid performance and a completely broken multiplayer.  I would recommend staying well clear of this, even for $5."
,Recommended,242700,20521442,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Burn,"I don't like fighting games but I'm a DC fan so I decided to give this game a try and I am happy that i did. It's a good game, it offers a great story with nice CGI cinematics, our favorites DC characters each with their special super-moves, destructible/interactive arenas, mini games and etc, but after a while I noticed (especially in online match) that the combat is mostly about combo moves - juggling your opponent in the air, not letting him recover. No wonder this game never made it to eSports level, but it's a fun game for what it is.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=593421237http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=934436183Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,242700,15319125,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,MAN'S NOT HOT,10/10 because Zatanna has a really cute butt in the game
,Recommended,242700,24625864,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Mistico,"I liked the story, it kept me interested.The variety of characters is also very good.Gameplay is OK, but not as fun as I expected.Get it on the next sale."
,Recommended,242700,30981085,Posted: 6 April,all,Whoota,"With Injustice 2 on the horizon, I thought it was a good time to dust off the superpowered-brawler and see how it has held  up all these years. Short answer: it’s still ok.Injustice is a fighting game starring the DC comic heroes and villains. This is your chance to have a brutal rematch between Superman and Doomsday. Or to go for an all-out melee between underdog Green Arrow and demigod Black Adam and make the latter bite the dust. The assumed premise is a bit awkward; Seeing Harley Quinn, a gymnast, go toe to toe with the likes of Superman and Zod, but Netherrealm has got you covered.Like with Mortal Kombat 9, Netherrealm went the extra mile (for fighting game standards) and included a story line. It mostly serves as an excuse for the aforementioned match-ups, but it also straightens out a lot of other jinks that comic readers might have. The plot borrows from a pair of episodes of the Justice League animation. There is an alternate world where Superman used his absolute power to end crime entirely by simply murdering anyone who went against the grain. The alternate Batman is the inevitable apostate and summons a handful of heroes from the regular dimension to help him take out the tyrant from Krypton.It’s not a long story, you don’t even get to play as everyone but it gets the job done by letting you try out the most popular character choices. From there you can complete hundreds of challenges to master the characters.The fights play out much like MK9. The characters adopt the same rigid stances and the timing and speed at which you input commands is more important that frame-links. You work with a light, medium and heavy attack, as well as a character action that allows for more variation. Actions include extra projectiles, stance changes and sometimes entire move sets get swapped out. Mastering the system is key to conquering the toughest challenges and other players. Furthermore, the stage also features throwable objects and if you can pull it off, you can even smash your opponent into the next stage for added damage. There is a lot going on at a time and since Injustice has chip damage on all its moves, blocking is a less viable tactic than in Street Fighter. The overall feel is still very Mortal Kombat, but with more screen wide action as all the fast and flying heroes take their speed to the match as well.Unfortunately, there are downsides as well. Unlike MK9, the game is more sparingly in its content. While super moves are cool and all, they don’t have it over an actual fatality. Furthermore, a lot of character designs are hit or miss. Superman works from certain angles, Catwoman just looks like a mess and Wonder Woman is just plain wrong. The colours also feel washed out and bland. Eventually, most characters just look like spandex mannequins with either a cape, or no cape.Making up for the bleak looks are the stellar voices. Really, Neatherrealm got everyone from the cartoons and new series on the phone to voice their respective characters (except Mark Hamil. However, I’d pass too considering what the Joker looks like in this game). It adds a sense of legitimacy to the game that really sells the overall DC feel from before they decided to make bad movies.In all, the looks haven’t aged so well, but the gameplay is still very nice. Easy to pick up, hard to master. However, whether you should invest time in getting good at this instalment at this point is up to you. Get it a discount for a great deal. Get it now if you want to throw punch Batman straight through the centre of the earth and back again."
76561198202203167,Recommended,242700,35092640,Posted: 20 September,all,xXGORDONXx,"You may or may not know that I'm a huge Batman fan, I downloaded Injustice on my phone and I really liked it. Few months passed (and btw I didn't even know that the game was out on PC) and I saw it for only 3.50$ and I was like Christmas came early with a huge smile on my face and it was nowhere near Christmas. Anyway I got the game played it and absolutely loved the story and found it to be quite fun for every skill group with multiple challenges and gamemodes and it also has a multiplayer system. It's 20th of September 2017 11:40 PM and in a sudden outburst of creativity I decided to play some multiplayer and learn some new combos instead of waiting for Injustice 2 to hopefully get a PC release. Nevertheless I had a great time and I wanted to reward this game with a 10/10, and it's a must have full price or not!"
76561198043483937,Recommended,242700,13435048,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,sugarfly,"♥♥♥♥ Yeah!  This is exactly what I wanted.  Mortal Kombat, but with DC Superhero characters instead of the less interesting MK pantheon.  And at 4.99 on sale, I am more than pleased with this purchase."
,Recommended,242700,18157911,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Gosedre,"Injustice is a great for singleplayer fans with the wealth of combat content (Battles mode adds modifiers, the story mode offers a more cinematic experience, there are tons of bonus pieces of concept art and such to unlock in the Archives), but online multiplayer is all but dead now despite High Voltage's efforts to rectify the lackluster matchmaking built into the game. The few times I could connect or tried to play the bonus S.T.A.R. Labs challenge mode also resulted in my keyboard control settings getting reset to default without even telling me. Yes, this is a game apparently so hastily ported that it can't handle customized controls for certain areas of play, even though the default keyboard controls are atrocious and seem to be designed by someone who has never played on a PC before.This is made up for by great balancing (save for Green Lantern), fluid animation, easy to execute but hard to master combos, and some of the best ideas to open up fighting games to the general masses. Seriously, if you've ever wanted to get into a fighting game but couldn't and like DC, then this is the game for you. They have a full training level, practice mode, and very scalable AI that lets you get better at your own pace. If you are using a controller, then you can even practice most of your combos in the S.T.A.R. Labs for each character and get a better feel for them. There's no sense of shame having to start on Easy once you realize you've got enough memorized to move on up to far greater challenges.So it's entirely about what you want in a fighting game. Do you enjoy battling AI? Do you enjoy just fighting it out, even if it isn't another human opponent? Then this is an excellent game for you. Do you want to fight people online? Then you're better off getting a console version or the PS Vita version of Ultimate Edition. Do you want to fight with a controller or keyboard? I frankly think you shouldn't have to decide, but that actually impacts your decision here to, sad as it is. I'm going to probably get plenty more hours out of it than I already have; but there are far better, more complete experiences for the same price as this game. Get it on sale if you can, unless the simple idea of a good DC fighting game in of itself is too hard to resist."
76561198180537189,Recommended,242700,22921886,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,barberk79,"If you're a DC Comics fan and don't own this game already, somethings wrong."
76561198112438872,Recommended,242700,35064455,Posted: 19 September,all,ometrix1210,its always fun to punch aquaman 8\10
,Recommended,242700,24526859,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CaptainMeliodas,I would suggest playing injustice: god amon us for a lot of peoplecasual gamers can enjoy star labsspammers can enjoy damnation and everybody hating themI will play this game even after the second game comes out
,Recommended,242700,34995347,Posted: 16 September,all,AgaM`,"I only play offline mode but I really enjoy it. I bought it to try the Steam pad and I'm glad I bought both. If you like DC Comics, I strongly advice you to try this gem ! Read the comics too, worth the time ^^"
76561198061497884,Recommended,242700,23061564,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Keyser.SÖze_JR,great fighting game. the story was very good and well put together. I really enjoyed it. make sure to learn about how to tweak the game to work well on pc (i.e. the solo practice trick to fix the framerate).
,Not Recommended,242700,17896872,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,LightBringer,-online with friends are the worsttook very long to find and failedif you wanna buy this gamemake sure you ok playing only with bots
76561197982258036,Not Recommended,242700,17820088,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,GhostOokami,"Bought the game for 5 bucks on sale here on steam, i had heard good things and what a deal this was!Wrong, the game was running like crap. 1 map i would get over 60fps and another map i would get 10-15! And this is on a pc that can run modern games in 2015 on their highest settings. It just shows me how little effort was put into the pc port.The first time i started the game it wouldnt respond at all, just stuck on the ""link your wb account"" screen, had to alt f4 and then it started to work, but there is no mouse control so that was frusterating. Just a terrible port is all.I am currently waiting for my refund to go through. I am done with WB games, thats 2 this year ive bought with horrible performance."
,Recommended,242700,30695071,Posted: 23 March,all,Hazama,great fun fighting game with terrible online
,Recommended,242700,7683454,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Green Bastard,"Definitely one of the more enjoyable experiences I've had in a game. The story is top-notch, and the gameplay is really solid (particularly for a game in the fighting genre). The port is very well done as well, with the visuals looking amazing and no peformance issues as far as I can tell. Certainly a game worth picking up if you're a fan of fighting games or the DC Universe."
,Not Recommended,242700,7989379,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Frosty,"Don't bother with this game unless you want to play a single player fighter with a sub par story of yet again another alternate dimension situation. Even you have the characters sighing when they first realize they're in an alternate universe. Multiplayer currently can't handle so much as private matches with people in the same state let alone across the country. Constant disconnects, and sluggish movements when you actually connect. It's too bad though, the level changing feature is aesthetically pleasing, but aside from that you'll be playing a shell of a game."
76561198039760320,Recommended,242700,25258014,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Imrileth,"Good and fun game probably my favorite fighting game tho there aren't all that many of them on pc.The gameplay is fun and basic combos are pretty easy to learn even if you aren't very good in fighting games like me, some moves especially special moves get kind of repetitive sometimes there could be bit more variation.The story is entertaining tho there are one or two quick time events that don't make any sense.The pc port is pretty decent no performance problems for me at all, there is multiple AA options available to choose from.Only real negative things i have to say are the graphics , some textures are really blocky probably because they are from the old gen console version (the game was ported to pc much later after the initial release)Another negative is that the game still uses the old pre-rendered cutscenes system and the cutscenes are recorded in really bad quality and low resolution so there's always glaring difference in graphics between pre-rendered story cutscenes and real ingame cutscenes/ gameplayOverall good game, worth buying especially if you like fighting games like i do."
,Recommended,242700,7644208,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,AngryBoz68,"This is my re-review for this game.  When the game first came out, I had a 'do not recommend' rating on it because of the non-working multiplayer and the numerous bugs and crashes, even though my system is well above the recommended specs for this game.  It seems many of these issues have been corrected so I am now recommending based on my recent experience.Firstly the game screams ""really bad console port"" upon navigating the UI of the game.  Having to use WASD keys to navigate and press ""G"" to accept options seemed very lazy to me and tells me that there was very little to no effort placed on UI conversion from console to PC.  There appears to be no mouse support at all for UI navigation.  Makes it very confusing unless you are dedicated to using controller only.  Controller support however was very good and the game worked great with my Logitech F310.  This is a minor issue since the 2D fighting games are usually best played with gamepad anyway.The single player story is actually pretty good for this type of game.  The story explores the concept of an alternate comic reality where the heroes have determined that man cannot rule themselves.  The heroes take on an authoritarian rule and attempt to justify their means as what must be done for the good of man.  The heroes of our universe end-up getting pulled into this ""mirror"" universe to take on their counterparts and keep the battle from coming to our reality and doing what is right while they are there.  While the story was very good it was also very short.  Took me only 4 hours to complete the single player story and I was taking my time doing it.The levels are very well designed for a 2D fighter.  The levels have destructible elements and also have various means of interaction that can be used in the fight, like kicking a character into an object,  throwing an object or activating a technology item to use against the opponent.  The levels also have transitions where you can smack an opponent through the wall with a nice animation and have land in a different part of the level.  The destructible items, object interactions and level transitions are features that make a super themed fighter feel more ""super"".There are also a ton of extra features like S.T.A.R. labs which acts as a sort of challenge mode and allows you to unlock more content.  There is also a practice mode and a quick match mode for those wanting to get a quick versus fight against the AI in.  There are a lot of unlockables in this game like portraits, icons and backgrounds for your Hero card.  There is also a lot of unlockable concept art and music as well.  A collector will find a lot of things to do here.The multiplayer did not work at launch but it appears that these issues have been recently fixed.  I have only played a very small amount of MP but had not trouble finding a match when trying to do so.  I have read reviews where there are still some multiplayer stability and connection issues and the developers have mentioned that further patches to correct these issues are still coming.The Ultimate Edition comes with all of the previously released DLC characters that were on the console versions of the game.  This is nice since the game will include all of the characters without any more investment.Once the initial issues were patched the game was fairly enjoyable.  I am not sure that I would recommend paying full price for this title, but if you enjoy 2D fighting games then you will probably like this one.  A pretty good buy at the recent 50% sale price that I seen on Steam."
,Recommended,242700,12714437,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Werupenstein,"I bought this a year ago and only just started playing it a few days ago; it's a bit embarrassing because I only started playing it to get unlocks for the mobile version (which has strangely captured my attention).I was blown away by the story mode; I remember hearing all about how great the MK9 story mode was and just wrote it off as ""good for a fighting game"" but not really ""good""; if it was anything like this, I was so wrong; I really liked the story in this.I think the graphics already look a bit dated when compared to the sort of games that have been coming out since the new consoles released, there are a lot of unlockable costumes it seems.I really didn't like how the game controlled though, I think it was mostly the 360 game pad, but there were moves that I straight up couldn't pull off in the training mode.Seeing how you can easily find this for $5-10 now, I think this game is a must buy for the story mode alone, but I think the story mode is really the only reason to play this game."
,Not Recommended,242700,17855673,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,"Oliver""Arrow""Queen","On Consoles this game is a guranteed 10/10, but not on PC, this game is in constant extreme lag, multiplayer is almost impossible to connect too, and if you some how manage to get into a match it automatically disconnects for no reason, mobile unlocks going both ways won't connect even when your appearently logged into both, when ever I try exit the game it freezes and no matter what you do you won't be able to leave until you restart the computer, which doesn't save your progess if it doesn't auto save which happens quite a lot, even though I love this game I can't recommend it for PC because it's just not worth it even when its on sale for $4.99 and especially when it's $19.99 if you have a console I recommend you just get it on that"
76561198066609188,Not Recommended,242700,19754562,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ToddlrFondlr,"Great game, but terrible port.The game itself is great, but it's the terrible PC port that kills it. Online play is completely broken and impossible to play without lag and input delay, which makes it pretty much a spamming contest of special moves. Not that it makes much of a difference, since everyone just spams pistols with Deathstroke online anyway. This game is only worth it for the singleplayer or local 2 player, which is at least somewhat playable. WB Games has really screwed up every PC port recently by off-sourcing them to High Voltage, and these terrible ports really shouldn't be supported, I recommend just torrenting this or buying it onsale."
,Recommended,242700,29111685,Posted: 8 January,all,Priest of Psi,"Played it for 20 minutes with my kid today, my hands are cramped and in a spasm, my son's going ""Man thats cool""..."
,Recommended,242700,23292123,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Babo,"A game with great alternate story, good gameplay and fight sequences. Sadly the online community is dead. Can't find a single match up. RIP"
76561198077878371,Not Recommended,242700,18359755,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Helex Marine2.0,"I good game, its just this PC port is horrible. Constant framerate issues making the game unplayable, game breaking bugs and unresponisve controls. Overall don't get the game on PC get it on a console because this port is on the bad end of gaming"
,Recommended,242700,29647580,Posted: 2 February,all,Thomasmalibu,"this game is awesome, its like tekken and street fighter but with dc comics characters ie batman, superman etc, great game for 1 v 1 local play or even online, fantastic story mode also. im really excited for the sequel later this year. BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197985072747,Recommended,242700,8403083,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Super Hero Fighting GameThis is set squarely in the DC universe and you get to play many different characters. They all have slightly different moves and tactics you can utilise to win fights as well as their basic moves. The levels can be interacted with to give you an advantage too and they all look great. The story mode is a blast and allows you to learn a few characters. The PC version comes with all the DLC included, so no messing around.It is probably one of my favourite recent fighting games on the PC alongside Mortal Kombat and Streetfighter vs Tekken."
76561198116237525,Recommended,242700,34128905,Posted: 9 August,all,Stieno97,"8/10pro's+ good storyline+very responsive combat system and lots of skills+lots of caracters+lots of skins, altough some caracters have a lot more than others.for example batman has around 8 and a less known characters has like 3 or so.cons- DEAD Online servers-graphics are a bit agedI recommend to buy on sale and (in)just enjoy the storyline."
,Recommended,242700,31774193,Posted: 15 May,all,10P,"I know the new Injustice game is right around the corner but still, this game is really good if you ever see it on sale which you 100% will (Probably when the new one drops) then pick it up, its got a good story and the game mechanics are really well done. I just dislike some of the characters move sets Batman and Green Lantern just something about those 2 made me hate playing the game, but my favourite character is either Green Arrow or DeathStroke they both have really cool move sets. So yeah if you aren't picking up Injustice 2 just yet and you want to play this then go for it you WONT be disappointed."
76561198006893472,Recommended,242700,12719068,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Fear2288,"Pros:+ MK makers at the helm of a DC fighting game = absolute magic+ Deep roster of DC villains and heroes that each feel unique+ NetherRealm does it again by bringing a solid, coherent and worthwhile story-mode to a fighting game+ Multiple game modes, unlocks, and challenges ensures you'll come back again and again after finishing the campaignCons:- Some have an issue with the over-reliance on Batman characters- Online play has been, and supposedly continues, to be hampered by poor connectivity and balance- A little overzealous on the DLC front but aside from the additional fighters the other bits don't feel required/necessaryThe Bottom LineHoly Terror Batman! Injustice is a fantastic fighting game that does what MK did in bringing a worthwhile story-mode and deep, fun, and challenging gameplay to the Western fighter genre. In short, Marvel vs Capcom 3 has NOTHING on Injustice and it would be great if NetherRealm took another stab at it with more DC characters later in the future.9 batarangs out of 10"
76561198029736632,Recommended,242700,10350389,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,§Teras§,"Bom, o jogo tem uma história até que legalzinha, ainda mais com essa plot de universos múltiplos. No entanto, o jogo é bastante curto. Eu devo ter demorado umas 3 horas e 30 para a main quest. O combate é fácil e bastante intuitivo, e o os specials de cada personagem são bem caracteristicos. A única coisa que não me agradou foi o modo multiplayer, e aqui está a razão: Você não consegue achar alguém para lutar, quando acha, dá erro ou algo do tipo.Nota: 8.0"
76561198092433087,Recommended,242700,31806513,Posted: 17 May,all,Kal of El,"I first started playing the mobile version and got hooked.  The PC version is, of course, even better.  Can't wait for Injustice 2 on the PC."
,Recommended,242700,9173034,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Heath,Has Batman 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,242700,17178090,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Disney Jazzcore ⚡,"The reason I bought this game is because I couldnt get the original game with every DLC on XBOX360. Fortunately the Devs released the game for PC with every DLC making it the Ultimate Edition. Now we all know that Multiplayer plays a very big role in games like this, too bad the Multiplayer is broken as hell here. I see the Devs doing absolutely nothing about it. Nothing to worry about. Its understable. Seen and Played one too many games which were broken. I love The Flash in this game. My favorite character. It's a fun game if you like playing with the A.I. (Comp) or a friend with another controller/keyboard. I wouldnt recommend this though. Unless you really like the game just for your favorite characters. I get it, people like seeing some booty here and there sometimes. -cough-cough- Zatanna :3"
,Recommended,242700,12234196,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Wolfanov,"To do this review, we need  to numerate three points: 1-STORY 2-FUN 3-GRAPHICS1-STORY: Injustice brought us a simply recipe to make good video games, but the fact who make this game so incredible is the dynamic between the characters, using the main characters of DC Universe in a arc where Superman Kills Lois Laine and his unborn son because a poison made by Joker, this cause a creation of a Parallel Universe where Superman take control of the earth and all the superheroes, the only superheroe who is contrary about the superman's method to engage them in a dark government is Batman, who created a regime against superman. All the important heroes and villains appear, including Lex Luthor, Aquaman, Joker, Harlequin, Cyborg, Deathstroke, etc. This is one of the best part in the game, the player is got caught in the story and don't want to finish it.2-FUN: Injustcie was made by Netherrealm Studios, famous for create the Mortal Kombat 9 in 2011 and Mortal Kombat X (is got to be launch in fall 2015) the gameplay is very easy to learn and the movements is the key to victory, some characters has special abilities, like Nightwing, he can transform his bat in two weapons and aquaman, who can use his fork to attack and even grab the opponent. The scenarios was based in DC Universe famous locations, such as the batcave, metropolis, atlantis, the JLA Tower and etc.3-GRAPHICS: this is the less important point, but I need to talk about, the graphics are not the best in the game world, textures and shadows apparently were not finished, but this not interfere in the gameplay or in the history.FINAL CONSIDERATIONS:INJUSTICE is a great game and I recommend it, if you want a game to play alone, multiplayer and with your friends, Injustice is a good alternative between the rivalry Street Fighter x Mortal Kombat"
76561198282366259,Recommended,242700,22933551,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,DieDaY,Awesome fighting game with  DC  heroes
,Recommended,242700,28735382,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[LKP] W0LF,"Injustice: Gods Among Us is a super hero fighting game made by the devs behind the Mortal Kombat games, and actually feels pretty similar to Mortal Kombat. It's obviously made for consoles, but it's PC version isn't actually really suffering that much 'cause of it, it works really well and it's fun as hell. But the best thing about this game isn't even it's awesome combat, but it's brilliant story that should make this game a must have for any superhero geek like me.So, if you are a PC gamer looking for a fighting game to play, or just a superhero geek, I'm sure you're gonna enjoy this game a lot. Ofc there's Mortal Kombat X as well, but if you ask me, Injustice is better.Also... Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition has Scorpion in there as well for you Mortal Kombat fans. *wink wink*"
76561198086061585,Recommended,242700,10433382,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,gaia.razus,I love heroes. I love fighting game. That's why I love this game.
76561198059406299,Recommended,242700,15525149,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Robert Speedwagon,Pros:1. Huge selection of characters.2. Great Story!!!3. Tons of Re-Playability!4. Fun as heck combat.5. Very enjoyable Game.6. BATMAN!!!!Cons:1. I have nothing much other than it can be hard at times.
76561198094775445,Recommended,242700,34705912,Posted: 3 September,all,Envy,"Nice graphic for fighting game (8/10)Simple campaign, just beat ur all enemy n fin (8.5/10)Fun play with friend (8/10)(8.5/10) for this game"
,Not Recommended,242700,18423691,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Cow1337killr,"I'd like to start off this guide by saying this game may or may not work on your system. Many users have reported having a plethra of issues ranging from resolution problems, to issues where the game refuses to run. By this game at your own risk.This game costs $22 at the time when I bought it. For 5 hours gameplay, it was a dissapointment. I was expecting ATLEAST 10 hours, but I could see how it would become boring with such a linear gameplay. The game first wouldn't go above 800x600 @ 75Hz in the options menu, but after some mucking around within the ini file I got it working. I understand this is a ported version from the PC but these kinds of issues are not exceptable. It seems every year, another superhero game is released that is just covered in issues or just a pay to win game. This game was no exception.Buy this game if you are a DC fan, or if you've read the Injustice comic series. If not, save yourself. This is not a good fighter by any measure of the imagination."
,Not Recommended,242700,35197043,Posted: 24 September,all,TheRealSkunky,"if you have played this on console and are looking to play with ppl on pc forget about it the online sucks BIG TIME. but solo, story and splitsceen work great. if looking to buy for online play DON'T BUY"
,Recommended,242700,18524257,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Monologamy,"MidWay -> NetherRealm = Mortal KombatMortal Kombat = Great GameNetherRealm = Injustice: Gods Among UsInjustice = Great Superhero fighting game.Why?Well, It's just like MK except it's with DC heroes with a dash of SCORPION (Get over here!).Story Mode is a lot of fun, and you will see why the ♥♥♥♥ are the heroes bashing each others head.Roster is just ok. It's too few for me.Movement is great as what you'd expect.Graphics is great.Grabing a plane or motorcycle and bashing it to your enemies is great.Supers are awesome and funny at the same time, here you have superman punching you trough the earth to outer space and back, and you can even comeback alive and shrug it off like it was nothing, lolI can go on and on but I won't. I can write Cons on the game but I won't.(You already have a lot of it in the negative reviews, I mean this is a positive review and I'm too lazy)Grab it! Grab it on sale for maximum fun (if you have friends/family to play with coz this is a bit dated and less lag issues) and less wallet gouging!"
,Recommended,242700,30198826,Posted: 26 February,all,📷 Yella | xygaming.com,Injustice: Gods Among Us is a game that I really recommend because:- it worth the money totally- it is funny- it has full controller support- it has a good soundtrack- it has a great concept- it has multiplayer mode- the story is more than brilliant- it is atmospheric- it has trading cardsEnjoy!
76561197992709852,Not Recommended,242700,17840387,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,=DiG= SuicideMonkey,"Sigh.  Won't us a logitech G13, won't even see it even though SPACE is mapped to SPACE, 4 to 4 ETC.  Ok go to keyboard, WTF doesn't use ESC?  4 or 6? Did they hire a shaved baboon to port this game?  Who are these people who rate it good?  OH i know they are the people who love xbox controller and basically play console on a PC.  Until they fix this, forget it not worth FREE, Will be asking for my 5$ back.  Seriously I couldn't even start a game because i had to go find a keyboard to exit from it.  So since i have a keyboard on my gaming pc, REVIEW TIME!"
,Recommended,242700,24735214,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,buddymac28,"Really fun, epic battles."
76561197998941169,Recommended,242700,23119369,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Wog69,"Great fighting game like mortal kombat, with plenty of charaters to choose from, love the cut scenes and special moves, if you love superheroes i would recommend this game..."
,Recommended,242700,11758191,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,שלום,"I always wanted to play something like this. All my DC favorite heroes and villains fighting. The story is actually pretty good too, skins are gorgeous. It has scorpion included. They thought about everything. It's awesome!"
,Recommended,242700,30204856,Posted: 26 February,all,WickedSleepyDaiXi,"I like it so far. Some combos are very eleborate though and there are almost too many to rememeber. You need a good reaction time to play this. Or buttom mash I guess, but I prefer actually learning my combos and blocks. Love the story though. I play it both in solo story mode. And with my sister. Both are fun. I do recommend this even though I don't usually enjoy this style of games. :)"
,Recommended,242700,33421377,Posted: 9 July,all,bdlance,"A solid fighting game with (for the most part) widely recognizable characters. The story mode is short, but is satifying with a decent narrative, mini games and of course, fights.  The battle mode serves as the arcade mode and has plenty of different modes to try. In online, the playerbase is extremely small, but matching up with someone often leads to enjoyable match. 7.5/10"
76561197962808938,Recommended,242700,18097025,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Hyakkidouran,"Not the best fighter I ever played, but definitely fun and packed full of single player content.The fighting system is based on premade combos that can be combined together with the normal and special moves to result in a crazy combo.It's not like some fighters (Guilty Gear or Street Fighter) that have no premade combos, but offer more options to chain the normal moves. The result is that Injustice's gameplay  would be closer to a Tekken or a Mortal kombat.Multiplayer isn't that bad, but like many games which have been around for long, the people left are often veterans, making it noob-unfriendly.I am still bummed that some of my favorite DC characters are not in it. No Supergirl, Starfire or Brainiac for instance. But I guess it was impossible to please everybody when electing the roster.The Pros :30 characters. Famous ones from DC no less.Good fighting system. Based around premade combos but offer options to chain them.Lots of single player content. (story, various ""arcade"" modes, mission mode)You can interact with the environment during the fight. Interactions change depending on your character type (agile, super strong, gadget-based...).Multiplayer exists and works decentlyYou can play as (character you like here)The Cons :You might like it better when a game has no premade combosThe environment interactions are most of the time enabled. Could be a problem for those who don't like that system.Multiplayer not very active and not revolutionary in general.""Character powers"" (specific mechanic on a button) are not as unique as in Blazblue(character you like here) might not be playable.The game is currently on sale for 5 euros. It is just incredible value.Unless you are allergic to superheroes and/or fighting games with premade combos, this is a great opportunity to pick it up. If the sale is over when you read this, a future one is likely to happen as I bought it at the previous sale for about the same.Even at its current full price of about 20 euros this game is far from being a scam anyways. Worth it even if your favorite character is not in it."
,Recommended,242700,10372324,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Beño,none of these characters say get over here and it makes me sad.
,Recommended,242700,24728974,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Rocketman Max,"It is a great game in my opinion, mostly because of that fantastic story mode. If you like anything Comic Book based or superhero based, you will definitely like this. This is a MUST buy for DC fans, simply for the great roster of characters and stunning story-telling. The transition from comic to game went very nicely. The fighting is very similar to Mortal Kombat (duh, considering it is made by the same developer) but I did find it less enjoyable here than with MK. I think even MK9 felt more fluid than this game did. I didn't find any multiplayer matches to test the game unfortunately but I did have a ton of fun with it and it is worth the £3.74 for the story mode ALONE (which takes 6 hours). I played A LOT MORE of this game, but I was offline and Steam didn't count my playtime unfortunately.To conclude, it is a good game with a good story and fun gameplay. Easily addictive."
,Recommended,242700,34135378,Posted: 9 August,all,Solrac Invictus,"For $5.00 this is a definite purchase.  Even if you do not care for Tekken/Streetfighter type games, if you are a fan of DC Comics at all, this is worthy of the Storyline/movie alone.  Even if you select very easy difficulty and just push buttons to win every battle and see the movie :D  That being said it is a pretty good fighting game too."
,Recommended,242700,29498366,Posted: 26 January,all,Wolverine // SoStronk.com,Probably the best DC game. I recommend it for you if you like DC comics and games related to it. The controls for pc are a bit hard though..
,Recommended,242700,30026283,Posted: 18 February,all,Massacre,"This has to be one of the best fighting games ever. It was a big thing when it initially released the best thing being the interactive surrounding, the graphic's great. Online matchmaking can be a bit slow, the story mode is good too. Can't really think of any con as such. Waiting for Injustice 2."
,Recommended,242700,17785707,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Trizo,"Great story mode. Aside from the story mode there are lots of different staged battles to explore as well as various modes that test your fighting ability. It will keep you playing for a long time if you enjoy the DC universe. Good tutorial, although there is one part that your timing needs to be perfect in order for you to execute the move and continue on. Multiplayer is decent, not great, but not bad. Your online match can desynchronise from time to time even when both players have a solid connection. I'd play with my friend sometimes 15 matches in a row though with no problem, while other times every couple of matches it would desync. If you notice lag, that isn't the game, it's a weak connection from either you or the person you're playing against or both. Surprisingly, even if there is a plethora of lag the game often won't desync, instead it seems to desync for no reason when everything is going smoothly. Graphics are great. Music is fitting. Block with back, not with right trigger like in Mortal Kombat. There are many different costumes from various comics and eras, of which some characters have more than others. My personal opinion, I feel some of the characters in this game can be a little unbalanced when matched against certain other characters. Overall I think this is a worthwhile purchase, you get a packed game at a price that isn't too bad, and of course even better when on sale for $5."
,Not Recommended,242700,11762116,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Cpt. Diquehead,"This is not a well made game. Only two or three of the characters are worth using. NPCs are pre-cognizant: blocking, parrying, or dodging your moves before the incredibly sluggish controls actually take effect on whatever thick ponce you have the misfortune of controlling. Speaking of sluggish, the characters move at roughly half of a human's walk speed. You can perform a dash if you want to move faster, but it prevents you from being able to attack for about a second, so there's that. Moving slowly wouldn't be so bad if the character's had a greater arm span than six inches. You almost need to be touching torsos to attack someone. The story is absolute garbage, with plot holes occurring at least once per cut-scene. There is no designated block key, so it's up to the software (your personal antagonist by the way) to determine whether or not you want to be blocking at any given moment, and it usually goes with NO. Coincidentally, that's what you should go with in regards to purchasing this game. Mortal Kombat 9 was quite good though."
76561197965776052,Recommended,242700,24842176,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,|GC| Stumbler,"Did not intend to play a fighting game for the story, I just wanted to beat up superman again, and agian. I got both. Honestly could not be happier. This is a steam sale must buy. This is a hard-hitting fighter that plays to the hardcore crowd. Its creative use of background objects coupled with satisfying fighting mechanics make it both fun and distinct from it the crowd. Did I mention you can beat up Superman?"
76561198036808281,Not Recommended,242700,20960262,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,jamescrab1,"Fun game, TERRIBLE PC port."
76561197988627721,Not Recommended,242700,11251685,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Daryatash,"It's always nice to see a fighting game come out on PC. However, the PC thing is only half good, since I have to recommend for all PC users to stay away from the game. The port is horribly done in that many users will experience gameplay in slow motion even on very high end machines with no real permanent fix and no patch in sight. I consider this a broken port and hardly playable at all.That said, the visuals in this game are pretty spectacular and I like the character-pecific design of the moves as well. The gameplay is on the defend by moving backwards variety, there are several types of cancels, each character has a list of special moves and a super move as well as a special ability. The stages feature interactive objects which can enhance mobility and deal damage as well as stage transitions presented in impressive cinematics. Unfortunately not only can the high damage stage interactions be a balance problem in competitive play but the cinematics for super moves and stage transitions are very long, unskippable and always the same, as are the entrances and victory animations that you'll be forced to watch over and over and quickly lose their wow-factor.TL;DR The game is good but not great, however the port is broken and you shouldn't buy it."
76561198057381529,Recommended,242700,13063212,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Shonuff,"A very fun fighting game that DC fans should greatly enjoy,but if you are not a Dc fan I would suggest picking up Mortal Kombat Instead,its the same game roughly with mortal Kombat being superior in every way.Still that being said its well worth a play,i would just wait for a sale."
,Recommended,242700,34816445,Posted: 8 September,all,JoeDecinBerg,Keyboard Controls Dosent Work
76561198040784225,Not Recommended,242700,20701853,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Sparks,"I'll admit, I haven't even started playing yet. And that's still enough to make me post a negative review. Maybe the gameplay will be enough to redeem it. But it better be pretty damn spectacular.I started the game and was presented with an unskippable vanity movie displaying the studio names. Not even actual story content, just, ""hey, we made this, and you must watch for the next ten seconds while we preen. Every time."" But hey, whatever. It's only ten seconds out of my life.Next up, a splash screen, prompting me to press space before I could access the menu. Because again, I wanted to look at a splash screen rather than the menu where I could actually do something, but again, this is common enough in ports from the consoles, so I'll overlook it.A bafflingly long load time, then... the menu. With an offer for a special skin for the Flash that I can accept by pressing 4, or decline by pressing 6. Well, thanks, but no. EXCEPT PRESSING 6 DOES NOTHING! Wow, strong arm techniques much? Wait, 4 DOES NOTHING EITHER?!? Is my numlock on? No? Is it the keys above the letters instead of the number pad? Can I click on the buttons? DOES ANYTHING %$@!^#% WORK? I can't even pick an option that lets me close the game, so I have to ungracefully close the program via Windows.Okay, has anyone else had this problem? Turns out, yes. And it's not a recent thing, either, the problem was in game when it launched on Steam, and has never been addressed. It turns out, the 4 and 6 I'm expected to be pressing are the 4 and 6 on my gamepad. I... don't have a gamepad. However, if when the splash screen prompted me to press space, I instead randomly decided to press 4 (not even suggested as an option), I'd have keyboard support. Well, okay, maybe they just assumed that I didn't have a keyboard, and that... wait, THEY REQUIRED I PRESS SPACE?!? THEY KNEW I HAD A %$@!^#% KEYBOARD!Okay, whatever. I'm past this hurdle, maybe I can at least play the game now. Let's see... navigating the menu...Oh. Excellent.To navigate the menu, you use the oh-so-intuitive keys ""G"" and ""J"", which you can use to get past the game's first level of defeating the obnoxious marketing pop-up. A quick peek into the controls set up shows that these will apparently also be the keys that you use to control your character, so get used to them. There's at least a reminder lurking down in the bottom right that you access the menu via ""G"" and ""J"", unless it's gone weird and reverted back to ""4"" and ""6"" for whatever reason.Look. I know I've only got 10 minutes on record as of this review. I know I've not even experienced any actual gameplay. Maybe NetherRealms have something engaging back there. But those ten minutes alone are enough to make me want to punch every so-called developer at High Voltage for this travesty of a port, and frankly, how the heck can it take me ten minutes to see any actual gameplay?I'm going to try to at least get some value out of my spent money. For your part, go and pay a random stranger in the street $10 to punch you in the face. It'll be quicker, easier to understand, and probably more fun."
76561198100570342,Recommended,242700,15437912,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Hush,"Love this game, would recommend to anyone who likes fighting games or DC Universe."
76561198034769265,Recommended,242700,15860384,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Hadeslorster,"9/10: One of the best fighting games I have ever played, especially with friends! Even my almost game-illiterate girlfriend has enjoyed playing this with me.The Great:The roster of charactersThe actual variety between characters' stylesThe game modes, especially the ability to just fight individual matches between opponents.The Good:The combos are relatively intuitive and easy to learnThe arenasThe interaction with the scenery - which is rather wooden and limited at times, howeverThe ability to display combos out of the moves list onto the fighting screen itself as part of the HUD, making learning and practising moves much easierThe Meh;The storymode is rather dry, and is almost summed up simply in the ladder fight modeThe Ultimate Edition extra characters are mostly tediousThe costumes are not that exciting, and cannot be seen when selecting characters so it is hard to know what they all look at without going through a separate menuThis leads on to the rather clumsy menu screens which are less than intuitiveThe Bad:Very little, besides the rather superfluous and often tedious 'extra' game modes/challenges for each character that bear no relation to the fighting game, are mere fan service, and for the most part seem to be clumsy and awkwardMy Summary:The game is great fun, especially with friends in local coop, like all the best fighting games. It suffers from the usual story mode dryness and silliness, and as it is made by the people behind Mortal Kombat 9 share many of the mechanics and even basic story elements of that game (both the good, bad and ugly you might say). However, it feels a lot more welcome in this universe, and the explanation behind the excessive violence is satisfying and the lack of fatalities and brutalities - all be it the Super Moves kind of count as an X-Ray move and are still over the top, but not too bad for superheroes - means that it is more believable as to how the fighters survive. There are some interesting moments in the story, and the characters are well voiced for the most part. Head nods to iterations in games, movies, tv shows, and famous comic series - especially in regard to their costumes - abound. This game is thoroughly good fun and a must for fans of fighting games, superheroes, or anything like that especially."
,Recommended,242700,10910271,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,joey64bit,I only bought this becuse it had DC characters in it.Super man in mah husbando <3 xxxx
,Recommended,242700,30518661,Posted: 14 March,all,LeadPotato,"pretty good story mode, enjoyable cast of characters. WARNING: Do not play online unless you are prepared to get your♥♥♥♥♥beat, the few people who still play online are all level 18 trillion spammersAlso don't play unless you have a good controller, keyboard controls are absolutely awful"
,Recommended,242700,9538526,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Struck Cold,"My quick review of this game is it's not as good as the latest Mortal Kombat, but it's fun enough to warrant a purchase.  The neat thing about this game is you can send your enemies flying into different stages which causes extra damage.  The stages all have interactable objects to inflict pain.  For instance in the Batcave, you can use the Batmobile to fire rockets at the other player if you're near the computer console.  It has a story mode very similar to Mortal Kombat where you play different characters for 4 fights and then switch characters.  They added in minigames for the story which isn't much, but at least adds something to the fights.  If you win the minigames, the opponent starts with less health.  It has online and everything with different modes (but I haven't really checked that out.)  The one big complaint I have of this game is it ties in with the mobile game.  It doesn't affect the gameplay, but it does lock certain playercard artwork.  Basically you have to login to the mobile app beat the battles in it to unlock more artwork.  The mobile app looks amazing it just takes up 1GB of space on your phone and in my opinion the game isn't great enough to warrent that.  Overall, if you're a fan of fighting games this is a must have for your collection and if you're a fan of DC Comics I'd recommend checking this out."
76561198220225748,Recommended,242700,30208065,Posted: 26 February,all,ProfessorStein,"Great story mode, Great Multiplayer.Dlc is actually great and not just stupid recolors.Easy to pick up even if you're new to fighting games.Full controller/Fightstick Support.Im playingo on a Mayflash F300.You cant beat it for 5$."
,Recommended,242700,30881974,Posted: 1 April,all,:.Nancy Hiwatari.:,A great game! It has a very well designed battle system that fits perfectly fine in android also. I played this in a samsung tablet and pc and i was surprised when my android version detected I have also pc one and linked new achievements to my account. I really love the character design and the story. If you love DC you will love the game :)
76561198056446912,Recommended,242700,34408295,Posted: 21 August,all,FUNCORE,"Bashing my enemies around like they were nothing, it couldn't more fun ;)Netherrealm has done a good job !"
,Recommended,242700,25970918,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sly,"Based in the DC universe, this is the perfect Beat'em-up for comic fans.The gamepay is a bit different from e.g. Martal Komabt or Tekken, but you will get used to it in no time.The only real problem is the pretty short story, but because it is more of a multiplayer game that doesn't really matter.7.5/10"
76561198158332881,Recommended,242700,28685224,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hero2989,"If you're looking for a good superhero fighting game, this is the best one out there for sure. The storyline was great (The ending was a little unsatisfying) and there's many different characters and skins. The game is about an 8/10. If you don't like  parallel universe stuff, this game's storyline is not for you. Great game overall."
76561198057017507,Recommended,242700,11178501,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,sgallipeau,"Another entry from Netherrealm studios, the makers of the Mortal Kombat franchise. This game borrows heavily from MK9's combo system, but adds it own unique mechanics to the DC universe. A decently fun fighting game but its held back from reaching the upper echelon, by its wonky input system, i.e certain moves buffering into others, causing numerous missed or incorrect attacks. This game also boggles my mind as to why the combo system is so heavily scaled the more hits you put into a combo. I understand they didnt want players to have Touch of Death (T.O.D) combos for balance reasons, but they have other mechanics in place to prevent that from happening, like the clash system. It just feels wrong to di a long combo and have it deal less damage than a shorter more efficient one. Overall its a fun game, with some silly design choices"
,Recommended,242700,10340259,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,スコロリと申します,"My first impressions after a few hours of playing:++++AnimationsAmong the best I have seen in videogaming+++MechanicsTIght, immersive, somehwhat deep and fluent+GraphicsSolid visuals albeit lacking details, last gen roots are showing+SoundYou'll feel like watching an AAA blockbuster but the shouts, lines and the score get repetitive fast+Innovative online lobby-system albeit not fully fleshed out---------------------------------------------Finding online matches is not as fluent as it could be-Menus are kinda sluggish to navigate-Not enough variety in offline playAll in all, this game is a solid 8/10 and a guaranteed bombshell for couch playing sessions when friends are over. Seeing your favourite comic heroes battling it out with style is a visually satisfying experience and the character models are definitely not to scoff at, paired with superb animation work there are moften than not fantastic pictures to behold during the fightsWhere it does not shine as bright as it could, is the single and online play. At this price point though (7€), it is an absolute steal."
76561197974771682,Recommended,242700,10342891,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Boondoggle,"In my opinion, the best fighting game ever made. With the worst online of any game ever of all time, that will be and so on and so forth sayeth all of us.If you're DC fan or a beat 'em up fan, then this game is perfect.The story is very short but the longevity comes from the online, which is impossible to find players in! Double edged sword eh?Play with friends, or find people on the forum to play with is your best bet. It's worth the extra trouble and with the sale price its such a steal.I'd recommend playing with a controller, but i play regularly with someone who uses a keyboard and he is more than competent.Simply, buy this game on sale. You can beat up Superman with Batman."
,Recommended,242700,20431334,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kaijin,"Good graphics, several game modes, great storyline, well worth 3€"
,Recommended,242700,8782796,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,bratan,"Injustice is a good fighting game, real fun to play once you figure out how the game works. I recommend this game to any gamers who play fighting games. As a newbie to fighting games, i found it really hard to chain combos (or something like that, idk)(or maybe its just obvious im new to fighting game) so i spent countless of hours playing practice mode till my left thumb get tired. Theres a ton of side quest mission in this game  (STAR labs mission) for each of the characters in Injustice, some of them are really hard to complete. The story is quiet good imo, although its pretty short. I was quiet impressed with the soundtrack, especially the main theme.****BUT****yup, there's a 'but' about this game. If you're like me, who live in Asia and looking to battle online, then i DO NOT recommend buying injustice. Right now, i cant seem to battle other players because of constant disconnect. Every time im in character select, 90% of the time i got message 'The game session is no longer available'. I tried to search for the fix, but i only found out that its because of region block or something. I hope my review is helpful to anyone who plan to buy injustice in asia region."
76561198279730382,Recommended,242700,29141168,Posted: 9 January,all,bondomania007,tthis game is the best if you love comics and this kind of games
76561198033212961,Recommended,242700,29630878,Posted: 1 February,all,CMDR Shepard,"I don't play a lot of fighting games these days, but I was this one enjoyable.  It was nice to have a decent story with characters I liked.  Being a fan of the DC Comics, there are many I like.  If I had to recommend any fighting game, this would be the one.  I used to play a lot of them when I was younger with my friends, but at some point drifted away as I got older, having to proritize my time.  When I saw this on PC, I said ""why not give it a try?""  I did and I did not regret it.  And while I haven't put as much time in this title as I have in others from different genres, I will likely return to it at a later date.  This game actually got me into the ""Injustice"" comic series which is still ongoing last I checked at the time of this review.I think the bottom line is for me, is I bought and played this for the storyline more than the gameplay experience.  But those characters do have some cool moves, and I either laughed or had those ""that's cool"" moments."
,Recommended,242700,20654303,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Aurumlamina,"Injustice: Gods Among Us is a DC Comics-themed fighting game that plays with the fluid, easy to learn controls of a modified Mortal Kombat system.  Many of DC's most iconic characters make it to the well-balanced roster and many of the others might show up to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your character if you allow your opponent to knock you through the stage's boundaries.Injustice's story mode is an enjoyable one, similar to Mortal Kombat in the sense that you play as one character in the story for a chapter and kick♥♥♥♥♥with them before moving onto the next.  Though I am not a DC Super Fan and may be incorrect in this statement, the story mode is an entirely new one written for this game with an exciting turn that answers one of the most popular what-if questions ever posed.I would highly recommend this game to DC fans looking for a solid fighting game as well as those who have enjoyed the more recent Mortal Kombat games (9 and X).  However, do make sure to take a look at the game's specs as it does take a fairly decent computer to run it without hitting lag spikes in certain situations."
,Recommended,242700,33997620,Posted: 3 August,all,Kanachai [Tete],I'm not a fan of arcade fighting game but story of injustice was very incredible even the fighting system was a bit too lame but fine by me for about 100 baht game. I highly recommend DC Hero fan to try this game and enjoy the richness of story !
76561198009261376,Recommended,242700,31403380,Posted: 27 April,all,~JawZ~,"Super heroes. Fighting. Grab a few friends. Buy a bunch of beer. Play this until the early morning hours. Rinse, repeat. Get this one."
76561198054521209,Recommended,242700,12418505,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Clark Culver,"Fresh. WB is not ******* around.8/10 (from a long time fighting gamer and harsh critique...)Check your GPU at the door!Gorgeous fighting game. Needs bigger roster and CHESS KOMBAT!!!Interactive levels, seamless transitions, easy learning curve and a great story make this game a must have for fighters.It is well worth the price and looks as professional as it feels. Injustice is a must have 2d fighter. Graphics are amazing and with the latest patch the game is a much more flexible, modable and playable dream. Personally, as a PC gamer, I am so exctied to see the effort going into making this thing run like it deserves to.If this was easier to mod costumes into (meshes would be cool) it would be my favorite fighter around."
,Recommended,242700,23451603,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MGP,"This game can show you  how to kick some♥♥♥♥♥:P . The moves , tecniques , combo and super moves are superb.... Moreover the Destruction level is INSANE!!!!!... awesome play . its a must have game.."
,Recommended,242700,8497711,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mike_suthard,WHENS MAHVEL!?!
76561198218568356,Recommended,242700,23469138,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,LegionOfMe,"This game is so far my favorite fighting game by a large margin.True, I paused for a long time with fighter games as I don't have a PS or Xbox to play UMvC3, lost interest in SF after the debacle called SSF2T, and MK lost its appeal for me after going literally dark (in terms of visuals) and being more about freakshow factor & brutality than anything else.Visuals/DesignIn terms of design & visuals, Injustice combines the best of both worlds: Not super flashy & bright like SF, not so dark that even the game's yellow makes you feel depressed as in MK. Visually, this is really a masterpiece that has no room for improvements.Animations are fluid and not wooden like in the latest Killer Instinct game.General GameplayGameplay wise, it is definitely going the MK way, meaning short & quick button combinations for special moves & Supers. I'm very happy about this, because it makes the game very playable for beginners and comebackers like myself at least in the story & battle modes up to hard difficulty. If you want to play this game in very hard mode or vs. players online, you will need to learn & execute multiple long combos for your character though, and this is a very steep learning curve.What I really liked was the wager mechanic, which allows you to interrupt a combo and literally wage a portion of your meter to either get health back (if you are the player interrupting an opponent's combo) or inflict more damage on the opponent (if you are the player whose combo was interrupted by the wager). This mechanic can only be used once per match though after you lost your first health bar, so it can't be spammed.The game also allows for multiple, and sometimes huge environmental interactions with the map. Throwing cars at opponents or riding over an opponent with a motorcycle, or punching them onto another stage. I love the concept, although I hate it when I'm on the receiving end ;)Roster & more gameplayIn terms of characters, the game can't go the MK way, as there aren't any real freak shows in the DC Universe (compared to MK), and NRS can't make up any characters of their own for a DC game. Still they managed to sneak Scorpion into the game, which I didn't mind. Other than that, the game offers a good (but far from my personal ideal) choice of 37 DC characters + Scorpion. The number of characters alone is alright, but not as massive as in USF IV (44 characters), and tbh I don't understand why, because there sure is no lack of awesome characters in the DC universe.The upside is though, that in contrast to USF IV, where 50% of the roster have the same special moves (variations of sho-ryu-ken, ha-do-ken & Hurricane Kick), each character on Injustice's roster is really unique in every way, which makes it far more exciting to try out new characters (re-playability is huge!), but also more challenging to remember all special moves & combos the more characters you play. I have not yet dived into this game on an expert gamer level, but so far it seems that most of the roster is very well balanced. What I struggle with, is the huge differences in Supers though, when it comes to applicability. Some supers will ignite on very close range only or, in Batgirl's case, only at close rangeandwhile in the air.Story, Cutscenes & other stuffYeah, I know. Real gamers won't buy this game because of the story, but for me it is a vital part of any game, but even more so in this case, as I grew up reading DC & marvel comics, and only stuck with DC, as their storytelling was way more appealing to me.Overall, the story isn't really super-original, but it's more than solid and more importantly, it's consistent (continuity!), has no plotholes and works as a reason why these guys are fighting each other. Sadly,the weakest part of the story comes with the individual character endings in battle mode. To me personally, those were in every fighting game the most rewarding part of the game. In Injustice, the story that is told in some of the character endings seem pretty cheap (although not USFIV level, where you'd mostly go ""What!?!?!?"", ""Seriously?!?!?"" or ""How has that got anything to do with the story?"").Also, while I like the fact that the entire story did not need any 3rd person narrating up to this point, all of a sudden they give us an external narrator that tells us what happened after, instead of relying on what has worked very well up to that point (telling the story by letting the characters talk or showing media coverage).By the way: I don't just hate the fact that the game has a narrator for the endings, but I really dislike her voice and how she uses it. You know...the ""American who thinks they sound like they're British"" kind of way (but of course fails miserably). And the over exaggerated intonation. I really hope they don't bring her back for Injustice 2. While we are at voice acting: Apart from this 1 actor, the voice acting is overall pretty good. Glad that Kevin Conroy voiced Batman and Susan Eisenberg voiced Wonder Woman, but of course sad that Mark Hamill didn't voice the Joker.Most of the cutscenes are very well done, and I love that they were so creative & witty with them. Like Harley Quinn saying ""You fight like my grandma!"" and Nightwing with his usual wit responding ""You fought your grandma?"" Totally different from other fighting games where the fighters just use the same line over and over and are not related to each other in any way. Some of the post-fight cutscenes are unintentionally funny, like Hal Jordan saying ""Once a Green Lantern, always a Green Lantern"". If you know the comics, you know why this is trucking hilarious coming from Hal Jordan in particular.However, what happens after the match sometimes feels like taking forever, while the XP tab disappears way too fast. So, for Injustice 2, I wish for a way to a) skip the entire outro by pushing one button and b) keeping or recalling the XP tab for the previous fight with another button and c) an entry in the settings menu to skip outros permanently.The mini-games in story mode are annoying, but then again, I'm not planning on replaying the story mode all too often.Concerning the online mode, Injustice sadly is basically dead since SFV and MKX hit the market. I haven't yet found anyone for a ranked match. Only ever saw a maximum of 5 players in rooms for KOTH & Survivor.Works with my noname xbox-controller (Speedlink Torid).Many achievements are set extremely high (p.e. reaching lvl 100 will require 50 Million XP, while you'll get an average of 1000-2000 per match).ConclusionIt really is my favorite fighting game of all time and I can't wait for Injustice 2 (see Trailerhere) to be released in 2017. Although this means I will have to buy an Xbox or PS, as it won't be released for PC. However, if Injustice 2 is anything like Injustice 1 (why wouldn't it?), it will be worth the investment. Until then I'll take the time and re-play the heck out of this game to be ready with combos when the successor hits the market."
76561198076530296,Recommended,242700,12327956,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Snorkelooo,Dope
,Recommended,242700,13762540,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,|zYn|Hazard,Awesome
,Recommended,242700,17665926,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Ramses,The only game where Joker can be thrown into the ground so hard it leaves a dent but still can fight 10/10 3.4 bulldogs would not agree
,Recommended,242700,11008156,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ResetPatrick,"The Injustice PC port didn't go as smoothly as the Mortal Kombat 9 port, but it was still able to capture the essence of the game and deliver a product worthy of purchase for fighter fans, NetherRealm fans and hardcore comic book buffs.Although everything is visually in place and controls are much smoother than the console versions of Injustice, some glitches do lurk in the shadows and can cripple gameplay at times. It's possible to experience issues like the screen going completely black and game joins endlessly looping that require an end task to stop. It also suffers from slightly unpredictable netcode that can sometimes drop a game out of nowhere -- but it's not nearly as bad as MK9.The PC port is graphically stunning. Seeing this game on Xbox 360 and then on PC nearly made my head explode. Those who want to show off what their Gaben shrines can really do should look no further than this game as proof of their labors.Overall, the port is solid. The instabilities tend to arrive when transitioning to online play, but they don't happen enough to make me regret my purchase in any way. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,242700,15567733,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Gewähren,"I can't play online with my friend in New York, while I live in Colorado.It's a fine game otherwise, but jesus christ the online is poorly designed."
,Recommended,242700,20200039,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Str:)der,great fun for playing with friends online in a skype call only downside is that there arent a lot of people online 8.5/10NOTE: way easier with a controller then keyboardThanks for reading
76561198096383938,Recommended,242700,16902210,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Topher,the only thing is not alot of people play online but otherwise its great
,Recommended,242700,17665472,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BlackLucio,anyone who wants to play online just add me
,Recommended,242700,21420602,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Sayok6,10/10 better than street fighter v
,Recommended,242700,25564749,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Alexander Hamilton,"This game has its ups and downs. It is clearly designed for console gaming. The story line is great and the multiplayer is smooth. The biggest problem is the controls. I definitely would recomend getting a console controller to play this game. The position you have to hold your hand to attack gives me cramps. I would suggest binding the attack keys to the arrow keys. It works great for me. I play a lot of games that use the enter key to accept so whenever I play Injustice I always make the mistake of pressing the enter key. Don't let this put you off if you are going to play it casually. The game is a delight to play and seeing my favourite superheroes fight in a highly interactive Mortal Kombat style battle field is awesome. I would definitely recommend this game to any lover of superheroes, fighting games or action. It is truely a blast to play if you can get over the hand cramps..."
,Recommended,242700,15392641,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Evil_Vault_Boy,Only game that lets you burn Superman to death as the Joker10/10 Would murder Superman again.
76561198070516394,Recommended,242700,13577772,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,BLove,"I really like fighting games, I like fighting games so much that I built an arcade cabinet to play fighting games with real arcade joysticks and buttons. That being said, I think this is a good fighting game. It isn't the most balanced or have the deepest fighting system, but it is a lot of fun. Being able to throwdown as Batman or even Aquaman makes it awesome. I was really excited when this came to the PC and aside from some keyboard configuration issues (fixed with VJoy) and performance issues I haven't been disappointed."
76561198214592032,Recommended,242700,18116584,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,phillipshead,"Got this on sale for five bucks, hell of a deal. I'm not a huge fan of the Mortal Kombat-style fighting game--in fact it's probably my least favorite of all the fighting games--but as a fan of comics and fighting games in general, I couldn't resist with the price tag.PROS:- Great selection of fighters.- Fighters generally seem balanced and fairly easy to learn within a couple fights.- Solid gameplay--hits land where they should.- Cool story mode (bro).- Great voice acting, and there are specific voiceovers for clashes between two characters (even themselves), always a nice touch.- Special moves/ultimates are a blast to perform, albeit easy.CONS:- Maybe it's just me, but I don't like this ""wager"" system. When you or your opponent initiate a clash, you each ""wager"" a certain amount of your energy bar then rush at each other and whoever ""wins"" the wager does damage to the other, knocks them across the stage, and regains a portion of their health, I think it's up to 30%. So for example, let's say you just burned your ultimate on your opponent, which requires 100% of your bar and drains it to 0%. Your opponent still has 100%. Now they can initiate a clash and basically get all that health back for free just by punching you across the screen, and you have no way to stop it because, since your energy is 0%, you can't wager. Not a fan of it, but if this is what they call ""balance,"" okay, whatever.- Controller is too sensitive. I find myself jumping when I don't want to be more than half the time, and some combos that require directional input are way harder to pull off than they seem, partly due to the controller sensitivity and partly due to how rapidly you have to press the buttons in order to combo.- Speaking of which, that. Maybe this is specific to this type of fighting game (and partly why I don't like it), but combos don't feel like they're being performed in ""real time,"" rather that you're sort of quickly ordering a combo and then it occurs. But if you press the buttons at the same time the attacks actually happen, it doesn't combo. Doesn't sit right with me.And this isn't a pro or a con necessarily, but the story mode is a bit easy, at least to me. Soon as you learn a combo and a projectile for a character it's pretty trivial. Maybe I haven't gotten far enough for it to really get difficult.Overall, worth checking out, definitely worth a buy on sale, or if you're a fan of the Mortal Kombat-esque fighting style."
,Recommended,242700,22700886,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Bakai,"A game i can beat my friend Trent at 24/7, therefor i love it.bassicly mortal combat but with superheros, and less blood"
,Recommended,242700,22457860,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Scrubsauce,"A better Batman vs Superman story than ""Dawn of Justice""?  Probably...?  As someone who was raised on Batman TAS, Justice League and Unlimited (but not Superman TAS, just personally can never buy into Superman), that animated universe and its interpretation of the characters make up the majority of my experience with the DC Universe.  So whenever a movie or game (see: Arkham series) can reunite some of the cast for those shows it will immediately have my attention.  Injustice fills that role perfectly, with most of the voice actors reprising their roles from my childhood memories.  Notable exclusions include The Joker and Lex Luthor, but it didn't detract too much, especially since I never felt this story was explicitly set in the same unvierse as the animated shows.  Most fights between characters seem fair, you never actually get someone like Arrow fighting Superman, though the plot provides a small explanation that is almost throwaway early in the campaign as to why all of the metahumans and vigilantes of various levels of abilities are able to square off with each other on even footing.Gameplay wise, the game plays like your typical 2D fighter with 3D assets (there is no depth movement around the level like you'd find in games like Soul Calibur, etc.).  Levels have dynamic transitions you can trigger by smashing your enemy through the edge of the map with a specific move, that will usually transition to somewhere else entirely (like from inside Wayne Manor to the driveway).  There are also props in levels you can interact with to throw your enemy into or vice-versa.  As you play and build meter, you'll be able to ""wager"" against your opponent, where you quickly select how many chunks of your meter to put on the line, and the game then animates both characters heading towards each other in a flash of white.  If you win the wager, you'll be rewarded with a proportionate amount of health, if you lose, the same proportion will be expelled from your health bar.  Filling the meter entirely allows you to execute your special move, which often involves big, cinematic, multi-hitting combos that are executed for you.  Batman's has you beating an enemy senseless and backflipping in the air as the Batmobile literally runs them over.  Certain fights will have introduction sequences, like Green Arrow firing at Grundy, which feature quicktime events that can give you an edge against your opponent in the inevitable fight if you execute them correctly.Between the DC alumni voice cast and the adequete fighting mechanics, even as a player who doesn't usually seek out fighting games I found myself enjoying the campaign.  I did not fiddle with online play or any of the special DLC characters that come in the ported bundle, but the campaign has you play plenty of face offs I've always wanted to see as a fan, and the cinematics could have been presented entirely on their own as stand-alone pre-rendered movie and I'd have enjoyed it.  If you're a DCAU fan, it wouldn't hurt to give this a look for the campaign by itself."
,Recommended,242700,9509585,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,[AnL] BaldSexy,This game gives me a massive boner.
,Recommended,242700,10419733,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,HPJ™,"Played this TOO MUCH on my brother's Xbox. The campaign has a good twist to it but it will be easier to understand if you read the Injustice: Gods Among Us comics by DC Comics themselves which is based before everything happened. Multiplayer's brilliant, I play against friends, family and even my girlfriend!"
,Recommended,242700,10654155,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PickleRick™,What an amazing game with so much to do and so many diffrent charictars enjoyed it very much and i reccomend it for fighting game lovers.
,Recommended,242700,10357142,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Dacian,"Story was a lot better than I expected it to be, love it."
76561197995248176,Recommended,242700,10430765,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,P.E.J.M.A.N,great game.
76561198036233434,Recommended,242700,8396020,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,hushicho,"Injustice is a game that I waited to get until it was on serious discount, and I'm glad I did. Honestly, it's one of those that is good enough, but you definitely wouldn't want to pay full price for it. The fighting is good, the selection of characters is pretty good (although there are some glaring omissions that would have been preferable to some of the inclusions), and the game itself has more than enough modes and unlockables to keep you amused for a good long while.Unfortunately, the worst part of it is the story, which most will probably play. It's a filmsy, poorly-written affair that engages too much in going too far, and then gives us nothing satisfying out of it. There are some interesting moments and even exciting moments, but overall it is not only misogynistic, but also clearly written by someone who was completely unaware of the characters or their capabilities. It fails the characters in pretty much every way, and while there are moments that seem thrilling, it's overall a train wreck that employs fridge logic too often.The story ends up coming off as highly contrived and is just more or less entirely worthless, which is a shame since it's well-animated and the voice acting is excellent. The very premise, though, is extremely questionable, and overall you get a far more interesting experience simply by playing through Battles, the 'arcade mode' of this game. If only the main story had better pacing, even a slight grasp of the characters, and a sense of when things go too far, it would have been vastly improved. It also really could have used a significant amount of work on making the premise more believable and consistent with itself.The moves are interesting, but not every character is as accessible as one may expect. Some of the special moves, additionally, are kind of ridiculous and some are too graphic and over-the-top, which really takes out of the immersion of fighting. The stages are great, and the gimmicks and interactions are really fun, but there are also some details that also interfere with immersion, such as fighting Doomsday on the stage where, in the background...Doomsday's standing around.There are at least plenty of modes, though, to keep anyone amused for some time. There's a very thorough training mode, and the game itself is extremely accessible to players of all skill levels. Want to just have fun beating up bad guys? You can do that. Want to be challenged? You can do that too. You'll probably have all kinds of fun in the single match and arcade modes, and there are also challenge missions that will bring further entertainment. The best part of these is that you can usually choose the characters you like, and at the very least it's more believable than the story mode's narrative. Unfortunately, none of the DLC characters have any STAR Labs challenge missions, nor do they have alternate costumes, which seem like significant oversights. It would have been much more fun if they had.All in all, it's a good game if you ignore its faults and shortcomings. If you're familiar with the characters, you'll be more than a bit annoyed at times by the writing being clearly wrong for them, but if you are looking for a good superhero fighter, you should have some solid fun with this."
76561198141557425,Recommended,242700,22704341,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,LaughingFish,"Overall score: 9/10Pros: Entertaining story, excellent cast of fighters, superb voice acting, well animated, easy to control, and well balanced.Cons: Since every hero only has one, super moves become repetitive after awhile. More variety of moves would grant this game a perfect 10."
,Recommended,242700,22716725,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,NjKlein58,"It makes Aquaman a little less lame, so I say it's an accomplisment."
,Recommended,242700,17940006,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Nutmeg,One of the best fighting game I've ever played.
,Recommended,242700,17887794,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Matt,DC characters with Mortal Kombat fighting mechanics. Own it on multiple consoles. Cant wait for a sequel.
76561198047121530,Recommended,242700,16464771,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rcgm,"I love this game!Cons:- since game is ballanced, it is strange that Batman or Green Arrow take a punch from Superman, Wonder Woman or Doomsday and just shake it off- I don't find that many players online anymorePros:- everything else:. ballanced, superheroes. storymode. training room. missions. single play against computer or play local against a friend or play online agaisnt random oponent"
,Recommended,242700,15326984,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ladlocablue,Great game. Interesting story and action packed gameplay. I would recommend using a controller to play as it's alot easier to hit combos using a controller as opposed to the keyboard.
76561198055426199,Recommended,242700,16941956,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ebonheart1,"A good, competent fighting game. Environmental interaction is a nice touch, and the abilities and combos for each character are unique enough to warrant playing each one all the way through a battle round. The main story isn't bad, and the pacing is good for new players still learning the ropes.The default keys for the PC version are a little weird, and I recommend setting up your own layout if that becomes irritating."
,Recommended,242700,10404415,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,BAWB.BAGET,DAT♥♥♥♥♥also beats mortal kokfat and street ♥♥♥♥er 4
76561198069159152,Recommended,242700,13583183,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,wrb41977,"Made by the same people behind Mortal Kombat, Injustice is a fun little fighting game that can be entertaining. The storyline has had enough of an effect that they decided to write-up the five year backstory in comics. The inciting incident of which is the Joker coming to Metropolis to play on ""easy mode"", kidnapping Lois, wiring a dead-man's switch to her heart, luring Superman to save her, dosing him with Scarecrow gas (with a little kryptonite kicker), which makes Supes think Lois is Doomsday, so he takes her into orbit, only then realizing his mistake as she (and their unborn child) dies. Oh, and then the dead-man's switch triggers and a nuke wipes out Metropolis. Superman then... kills the Joker (though after a few taunts). (Joker: ""You think he'll ever be the same?"" Batman: ""Of course, he'll never cross the line."" Joker: ""No, I think it's going to be far funnier."")You play as an assortment of regular DC heroes (and one villain) who get sucked into this alternate universe by its Batman to activate his contingency plan to deal with Supes. Do note: One hero and the one villain were not intended to take the journey (considering the villain is ""real world"" Joker, that is certainly the case). (The hero being ""real"" Bats.) Later, through certain attempts to retrieve the ""taken"" individuals Cyborg shows up. The story deals with you taking down Supes and his Regime. Without spoiling it, they need a little extra ""real world"" help in the end.There is an online function, which I have yet to attempt. As well, there is the Battle format, which includes the tournament of Mortal Kombat fame (Classic, I believe), and some STAR Labs missions, which can be tricky.The Ultimate Edition adds in the six DLC characters and a lot of skins for some of the heroes. The six DLC characters are Lobo, Batgirl, Martian Manhunter, Zatanna, Zod, and... Scorpion. Have fun with that. At this point my favorite characters to use are Scorpion, Bane, Grundy, Joker, and... Harley (who is just insane fun)."
,Recommended,242700,24038869,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ryoko's Stepdad,"(Quick note: I never played online. This review focuses more on Single Player/Offline content)Injustice was probably the only fighting game I ever really got into which says a lot since I'm not much of a fighting game kind of person. But the short time I spent on this game was enjoyable. It offered plenty to do for a solo player aside from it's single player story mode; there was a full fledged Arcade mode which gave each character a sort of epilogue for after the main story ended and STAR labs which acted as a challenge mode to test how well you could overcome challenges as all the available fighters.This game plays like Killer Instinct in that each player has two health bars to deplete and when one is gone a new ""round"" begins. Many objects are able to be interacted with to give you a boost in the fight or provide some manuverability in a tight situation. Jumping off walls, activating traps, throwing objects add a dimension of strategy to each match and stage transitions change the battlefield with each stage having two distinct venues for fighting and their own set of interactive objects. Or you can go No Items, Fox Only, Final Destination and turn them off.The roster was full of easily recognizable characters for both heroes and villains and it even had Scorpion in there because Ed Boon said ""This is my game and I will do whatever I want!"" I have to give it a knock however since Darkseid was made part of a stage transition and not a playable character, which stinks because I felt him and Shao Kahn got rough deals in MK vs. DC and for how much of a prolific character he is in DC lore.All in all, this game runs fairly well and should be a welcome addition to any fighting game or DC Comics fans library.Cherish it, because apparently the sequel is not getting a PC port..."
,Recommended,242700,14846097,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,"Yep, Big Change",The only DC game that makes Aquaman a formidable hero... in fish scale tights.
,Not Recommended,242700,10367739,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nico2811,Multiplayer is broken.Don't waste your money!
76561197961288397,Recommended,242700,13096518,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Wolf,"Great Game, very fun"
,Recommended,242700,29073540,Posted: 6 January,all,Greenknight,This is a fine fighting game. The game looks good usually runs fine ( A lower frame rate than I would have liked but probably just my computer). It has a story you probably expected from a fighting game. I mean that in style. Do 3-5 battles as character A then do the same as character B so on and so forth. The story is fun and explains several things that you would usually find weird about a game like this and the special attacks are over the top and fun to watch.  There is a slight balance shift with several characters being way overpowered *Cough* Sinestro*Cough*. In the end it was still a fun game and I recommend it.
,Recommended,242700,34411980,Posted: 22 August,all,Astore,"My review only relates to the singleplayer.I finished the story, which is a simple comic book story within the multiverse. It takes places at a part of the overall story, were everybody already knows each other. The Justice League is well established.The major point for me is that this is a beat'em up where you are actually able to do most of the abilities, instead of just being completely overwhelmed by a 6 to 12 part combo to put in to your controller within a quarter second. But maybe that's a little old school.. it has been a while.Graphics were nice, but somehow felt more detailed (and with better fps) in the actual game, than the cutscenes.Singleplayer finished in 4 hours, multiplayer will obviously be limitless."
76561198006541362,Recommended,242700,15882413,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Injustice: Gods Among Us comes up as a well crafted fighting game, using its huge cast of DC characters backed up by an interesting story to provide a good amount of fun.PROS:-good graphics overall,animations are also well made and fluid-nice soundtrack,good voice acting on most characters-many DC characters to play as,all with their different move sets and special powers-surprisingly good single player story,also tons of extra stuff to do through extra modes-good level design,with lots of things to damage/hinder your opponents with,also level transitions are funCONS:-online is very broken sadly,input lag,no region filtering,bug displaying rooms as empty etc.-the number of levels is somewhat limited,so you get to see some of them quite often-animation quality during some cutscenes can falter a bit-combo inputs require very sharp timing,until you learn the rhythm you'll have problems,even in the tutorials-some lines/cutscenes are rather cheesy,this clashes with the serious tone of the main storyhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=443465033I'm not really into fighting games,and this game was just bought on sale to give it a try,but overall I was quite impressed by its single player part. The story is good enough to make you want to know how things pan out and eventually end, the various characters you get to control are different enough to keep things fresh through the 5/6 hours campaign and the overall combat system is solid.As a single player experience there are way worse ways to spend 4$ when this is on sale, especially if fighting games are your cup of tea.Sadly the multiplayer is quite broken overall, and support has been dropped in favour of newer games,so if that's what you're looking for I'd advise you to look up the forums to know how things are before buying."
,Recommended,242700,12172123,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Avatar,"Great fighting game, made by the same guys who made Mortal Kombat Komplete. It's a fighting game, but with superheroes. Has a solid story mode, and multiplayer is pretty sweet. The moves are a bit deceptive because it feels a little Street Fightery (hold back to block), but a bit Mortal Kombaty (both triggers to use your super), yet the attacks feel a little unique to this game.There isn't really any ""rounds"", but you do have a double-life bar which breaks into two ""sections"" and the loser still has to take down the winner's remaining life from his first ""section"". This works pretty well, except the timer for multiplayer games is on 99 seconds to kill off both ""sections"" from your opponent - which is usually only enough for a single round, and doesn't reset in this game. This is the game's low point, so you have to win fairly quickly.In multiplayer, you can press start just before the round begins and during supers (or anytime, at your own risk - the game continues) to get a ""quick reference"" on your special moves, which is a very, very welcome addition for choosing characters you've never played before. Getting a quick glance at ""down-forward-X"" ""back-forward A"" is a huge help, even if you don't know what that move does.There's a good tutorial that'll get you rolling pretty quickly, and the newer players that pick up this game seem to have a knack for killing the experienced players in the first game."
,Recommended,242700,31110188,Posted: 12 April,all,InvictusTheNerd,the game is pretty good and is great for DC fans plus its story is good and interesting this version has really good characters and map though I only have one problem with it an that's the fact that the blocking in this game is a not button press but it's something I got used to
76561198119349905,Recommended,242700,35376143,Posted: 1 October,all,HazardArchyFarry,Omg! This game is pure gold!I really recommend to buy it.
,Recommended,242700,35513395,Posted: 6 October,all,ﺭﻓﻥ,"Best fighting game i've ever played, Nice Combo-Trick but controlling was Horrible...great story too then Wtf is wrong with Character, u can see Atom, Two-Face, Penguin, Riddler, Deadshot, Grodd, Black Canary, and many More in every Stage-backgrounds...better add them as new Character rather than Trash-Stupid♥♥♥♥♥DLC (Lobo is useless,The-♥♥♥♥ is wrong with Scorpion?! ), i know this game was Outdated...feel sad(+) Nice story, meet ur Doppelganger(+) Love Stage-Transition ,& Stage-Background(+) Characters are Perfectly(+) Love every Skill of their own (for me Aquaman is OP AF)things are bad(-) Horrible Controlling(-) Bad moving(-) Boring-Mini games(-)Batman VS Batman(-)WonderWoman VS WonderWoman(-)Cyborg VS Cyborg(-)Superman VS Superman(-) ^ Fucck those fight Stage Level ^This gaem is not bad : so i raet : 8.1/10"
,Recommended,242700,8469583,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Royal Ardor,"If you like singleplayer fighting games or local coop then this is a definate buy.If you want to play online however, you have to be willing to deal with issues or black screens or slow motion. Once you get into a game with good connection though it's a blast. Definitely buy if you are a netherrealm game fan and are willing to spend hours learning a character in practice mode doing multiple combos.I played the hell out of this game on xbox and bought it on the pc because pc master race."
76561198046526657,Recommended,242700,10775125,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,n8,WHERE'S RACHEL
76561197996182747,Recommended,242700,19304388,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,shokizm,"This game is amazing - absolutely brilliant in fact! Superb graphics, brilliant feedback to the player, great play-modes, decent story for a beat-em-up and loads of costumes to win!And for all those complaining about frame-rates/bad port - simply turn off Vsync in Nvidia/AMD control panel thingy and you'll get back to super smooth gameplay - seriously its like a bunch of kids complaining without first testing the settings! We're PC gamers - and the beauty of that is that we get to play with settings console players dont!"
,Recommended,242700,8003670,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Reyja 187,"Great game, Just need a controller. Never play with keyboard, High quality graphics, 31 characters (ALOT), A bit overwhelming at first, Great combat, good environment. Much like MK vs DCU although much more Characters. 8.5/10 Martian Manhunter AWAY!!!!"
,Recommended,242700,18107224,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,║KING║,"[Some may say] Possibly not the greatest game for a 3-year old.In an attempt to get my kid to quit playing outside and live a sheltered life like his papa, I introduced the boy to this game.  Knowing his fascination for superheros (he knows more than me), this was my last-ditch effort to bring him to the antisocial side....and it worked!  For the first time ever, he wanted to stay inside and play ""superheros"".  I believe we put in about 4 hours until his mother came into the room.  For whatever reason, there was yelling about blood, violence, and boobs, then she said this was not appropriate for a small child.  I loved it.....he loved it.....would get yelled at again."
,Recommended,242700,10463404,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Johnny Walker,Superman killed Batmans job :))Anyway  the game is lots of fun. Worths every peny (got it on sale).
,Recommended,242700,16463967,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sunny Death,"I DO DECLARE THIS GAME IS FUN.But seriously,Pros:1. Fun,intresting gameplay that is still inovative after all the hours I've played.2. A FIGHTING GAME WITH A GOOD STORY MODE? WHATTTT?3. A in-game, simple combo guide that lists the moves. Too bad it wasn't on the screen where you could see it ;c4. AMAZING FUN WITH A FRIEND....but Singleplayers fun too :-(5. >insert bad Injustice pun about why you should buy the game<6. A very fun battle mode that keeps me coming back like Oprah.Cons:1. TERRIBLE, GOD-AWFUL, DISGUISTING, LAGGY, UNPERCISE, VIOLATED PORT. This is seriously one of the main reasons I give this game a ""meh"" instead of a ""hell yeah."" There are framerate issues galore, a broken automated setup, and just bad FPS even for a computer meeting if not exceeding the reccomended specs.2. Dat DLC doe.3. Story mode too short >:( right when I was getting into it I got the acheivment for completing 50% of the game. LAME.4. Online Mode. Deader than a doornail. Literally 2 1/2 hours in que and nothing.NOTHING5. Pretty much worthless without friends, besides Story mode and those who want to go through the Battle challenges.TL;DR:  I say get it when it gets marked down a bit, but ONLY if some local friends will buy it along with you, otherwise your wasting your money on a broken, deserted game. Stay frosty"
,Recommended,242700,17829114,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,BenCollins469,"Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition enhances the bold new franchise to the fighting game genre from NetherRealm Studios. Featuring six new playable characters, over 30 new skins, and 60 new S.T.A.R. Labs missions, this edition packs a punch. In addition to DC Comics icons such as Batman, The Joker, Green Lantern, The Flash, Superman and Wonder Woman, the latest title from the award-winning studio presents a deep original story. Heroes and villains will engage in epic battles on a massive scale in a world where the line between good and evil has been blurred."
,Recommended,242700,12379054,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,fÅ'bLE™,Funny Beat em Up! Bad graphics in scripted sequences but nice gameplay!Worth to buy it!
,Not Recommended,242700,20926109,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,The Magic School Bus,"I saw this game on steam.   I previously played it on a console and I was like ""oh cool a PC port of a pretty good fighting game with all the DLC"" And when I installed it ran at 10fps and I thought it was my PC's fault. Then I see reviews of this game and see it is a bad port. So I do not recommend this game on PC. On console where it's at least half functional I would give this game a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,242700,21938738,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,not skim milk ●Δ●,"They should have a Dawn of Justice DLC update. Its on the app, why not the actual game..."
,Recommended,242700,18702243,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,nfcdog99,Man game is on my highly recommended list for superhero and DC Comics lovers.
,Recommended,242700,19946625,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Twisting Okarin™,"Ótimo jogo , o modo história é excelente , uma jogabilidade rapida e fluente e um enredo de respeito.Uma pena os servidores da Warner serem tão ruins , porque é muito divertido jogar online , mas você perde tanto tempo tentando entrar em uma partida que acaba desanimando."
,Recommended,242700,33487628,Posted: 12 July,all,striecx,Fun game good mechanics
76561198254101929,Recommended,242700,24723300,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,xRemiix,"i rate this game 10/10, Best fighting game ever!"
76561198179772515,Recommended,242700,22839672,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ALonelyZombie,Mortal Kombat meets DC universe
,Recommended,242700,19316577,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Chyness,This is like playing Tekken but with DC super heroes!!! Don't have any complain about the multiplayer it works fine for me!
,Recommended,242700,28227992,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Supertorresmo,Greatest fighter for superheroes you will find!
76561198041948944,Not Recommended,242700,32833050,Posted: 26 June,all,XKryten,I was unable to connect to anything in the multiplayer portion of the game.
76561197997304404,Recommended,242700,7980002,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Kribmeister,"This game is easy to get into, but devilishly hard to master which is great. The character roster is fantastic with an interesting variation of characters, and they even managed to make Aquaman cool and interesting which is a massive achievement. There is so much stuff to unlock and hidden secrets in the levels, that even the single player mode has a relatively long lifespan. I'm a grown man and I got the chills, when I as Batman kicked Superman through a helicopter and then proceeded to summon the Batmobile to run over him.The amount of bad assery this game contains, is so enormous that Stephen Hawking tried to calculate it's mass and realized he would have to create a new type of measurement system in order to somehow explain the staggering amount in a way that the average Joe would somehow understand. The closest he could come up with was {q + [q2 + (r-p2)3]1/2}1/3= The amount of Bad assery IGAU contains to the power of infinite.PC gamers so rarely get good fighting games, that everyone who even remotely likes them should buy this right now to show them our support and maybe we will get more in the future.On a side note, everyone playing online is a bad♥♥♥♥♥of epic proportions and keeps wiping the floor with me, go easy on me you 38 fingered godlike metahuman ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gamers!"
,Not Recommended,242700,20019062,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fuzzyfred101,"I was so excited to play this game but it starts to put a bad taste in your mouth with the horrific key selection for the keyboard, like ""push 4 to select, 6 to cancel, S to edit field"" then once I got the hang of them, they change on the next page, then change back on the following. The mouse doesn't work on the menu either.After I got over that, I finally went to the gameplay.  I loved the gameplay on android and was hoping for similar, but it just felt like a clunky Mortal Kombat.  It has less moves then MK and less gameplay selection.I just can't recommend this because I played this once and will never play it again."
,Not Recommended,242700,29854549,Posted: 11 February,all,ChillyTheChampion,I would recommend this game. But I'm not gonna because the multiplayer matchmaking doesn't work. This gives you a choice of playing story mode which is short and boring or playing against bots. The bots aren't fun at all because on higher difficulties they are incredibly good and lower difficulties are laughably easy. The gameplay itself is good but what's the use if the only way of having a good time is playing an online multiplayer mode which doesn't work.
,Not Recommended,242700,21229372,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,PenderTheTyrant,The game is horribly optimized. Character animations have a lower framerate than the actual game and the game just runs bad on high powered PCs.
76561198044361546,Not Recommended,242700,8389529,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gazto,Multiplayer is laggy and buggy! Avoid it till it gets fixed.
,Recommended,242700,30085896,Posted: 21 February,all,E.E. (Peary),"Good game, good game.I finally get to play as all of my Marvel favorites, such as Spiderman, Sandman and Venom.The button setup in menu blows big time though."
,Not Recommended,242700,8747439,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,lil' tamagatchi,if u r hoping for support or some sort of replay ability... dont count on it. it is broken fighting system + connecting to online multiplayer is huge problem. some seem to be doing ok getting online with this. but i consitently find empty rooms and no one to play with. it realli hurts and very lonely.
,Recommended,242700,10413997,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Aedr0th666,Addicting fun for any MK & Super Hero fans. Wacky storyline loaded with all the stars. Some unexpected vilain. Love this game!
,Recommended,242700,10384134,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ozrik,very fun and good looking game
76561198080333869,Recommended,242700,10404208,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,GRaY,good
76561198032154042,Recommended,242700,10589138,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,justin_jordan_1337,"very good story, kinda short tho....."
76561198054029365,Recommended,242700,11096836,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ronil_narayan,"great game for any DC fan, storyline mode is worth playing."
,Recommended,242700,10378481,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,EndZone.TheRealAsianBlackMan,"I would say it is not worth £20, at all. However i got it on sale for £5 and I think for that value the game is okay, there is a bit of a bug when your character moves slow and your game doesnt save either. Also there is a bug with the wbid account where you have to sign in almost everytime you launch the game, but overall, i would get it at only a cheap price. For £20, you will barely play it, so it is not worth it."
,Recommended,242700,11022631,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,1st Lt. Helene [34thID],Great fighting game!!! i loved it!!! just buy it now!!!Good graphics! Good thematics!!!wonderfull controll!
,Recommended,242700,10993244,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BFT9000,"If you like DC, get this game. If you have any passing interest in fighting games, get this game. If you like video games in general, get this game."
76561198141270508,Recommended,242700,20118215,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Perry Ornitorincul,"Pure gold, this game is awesome as i."
76561198069316266,Recommended,242700,15751361,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,shiny teeth and me,shazam is a ♥♥♥♥ing kid and you can kill a kid in this game. thats ♥♥♥♥ing gross
76561197982470225,Recommended,242700,10886583,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Biggs,"I'm not huge into fighting games, but this is loads of fun. It might be because I'm a huge DC fan, but the combat feels heavy and the moves feel unique. There are some balancing issues, but I might be saying this just because I'm not that good. Despite that, it still brings me back to try and perfect certain characters.The story isn't that great, but the individual moments stand out to me. The characters feel real and sympathetic, and I like the voice acting, it's just too bad that it seems wasted in a lame excuse to get everybody to fight each other.I doubt anybody buys this for the story though.My only suggestion is that you look up bug fixes, because there are plenty of those. 10 minutes online will help you fix them, but they're annoying and frequent.That being said, I'm enjoying myself when the bugs aren't around."
,Recommended,242700,21272648,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Henryk Brodaty,"Just Mortal Kombat,but with DC heroes.Probably mustbuy any MK fan.P.S:Multiplayer is dead.17.02.2016."
,Recommended,242700,12561810,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,{!i} Rocks or something,"Amazing, simply amazing. The combat is fluent and enjoyable, and I really enjoy the storyline. Also, I got the Ultimate Edition for $11, like a lot of people, so I get a billion and a half character customizations and some extra missions. Totally worth it, and it plays like a dream when you use a USB controller."
,Recommended,242700,10388156,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Santiako,"Worth buying for cheap for the story mode alone, it's pretty fun."
,Recommended,242700,11331261,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ASSASSiiN,AMAZING (bit laggy) BUT ITS SO FUN! LOADS OF CHARACTERS!
,Recommended,242700,21603677,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Kaesarac,"A solid fighting game with one the best story arcs in the DC Universe. The gameplay is fun, and the combos flow really good. The story feels a bit short, but I think it's for the best, they didn't overdrag it. Soundtrack is Okay, nothing special, but fits here and there. Plenty of characters to choose, wheter for offline play or the online mode, which is a lot of fun!8/10"
76561197993595117,Recommended,242700,15297042,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,MCGellin,"Great fighting game whether you love comics or not, though liking the comics makes it that much better. Best DC game outside the Batman: Arkham series. I find the story mode to be more enjoyable than the multiplayer. Best story mode I have played in a fighting game until the newer Mortal Kombat: Komplete. Sharp graphics and cool ultimates. Multiplayer on the PC has a lot of issues for some reason."
,Recommended,242700,15944156,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,UNIT28,pretty good fighting game
76561198030206395,Recommended,242700,10022963,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Mrs.Kwan,it illudes me why this game isn't in everybodys library
76561197994873491,Recommended,242700,16529584,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Gangrer,"As a DC fan, I was already engrossed to its story since the very beginning of the game. The story felt like a Justice League movie and it was a very good attempt to spice up the content in the midst of battles, Well, it does have the flashpoint paradox vibes during my playthrough. The combat felt good and I will highly recommend players who are new to fighting games to try out easy or at most medium settings to get the feel of the game. Do get a responsive gamepad when you play this as enemies will pounce on you within seconds to break your moves.However, the story is really short, you shoud clear this on the same day you purchased it. I completed the story mode in less than 5 hours at a casual pace and felt that the story could have been alot longer, maybe even doubled. In addition, during character selection before a match, there are no way to see previews of your alternate skins of your heroes which will probably be a little better if they have added that function.All in all, Injustice is a very good gme and it is currently on sold at a discounted price. I bought it for half of what it is now but it is still worth the money to play for DC fans and even neutrals."
76561198121326841,Recommended,242700,15989009,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,hashisha/kk\,zábavné ve dvou
,Recommended,242700,15713004,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Raresh💕,From my point of view Injustice is the best fighting game ever made. When i was a child i was dreaming for such a game in which you can play with all DC heroes.
,Recommended,242700,29498014,Posted: 26 January,all,Spicy,Great story and gameplay multiplayer is dead tho
,Not Recommended,242700,18378321,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,WabberJack,my computer met the requirements.... still had crashing and constant freezing. 2/10
,Recommended,242700,15400370,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"Great graphic and gameplay. Great roster of characters.Never been a fan of juggling combo though, it's just silly.8/10"
,Recommended,242700,16684188,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Purplerubi,"So glad I got this game whilst it was on deal on the Steam summer sale! Been wanting to play this game for a while and I'm glad I waited. Very nice visuals and graphics, engaging storylines which weaves in the characters nicely, Nice sounds and voicework, overall epic fast-paced action! Haven't completed the game yet but from what I've played, it's a very well invested purchase. Would definitely recommend! :)"
,Recommended,242700,16562751,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tyknu,"Aquaman is actually useful for a change. His moveset is actually one of the best in the game. So if you really want to settle which superhero would win in a fight against each other, this game won't do that for you. On the otherhand, don't expect balanced gameplay either. The special character Scorpion is OP for instance, and so is Aquaman. The reason I love this game is because its fun and the story mode was a blast to play through. If you've ever been exposed to comic books, then you know that an alternate universe where Superman is the bad guy is nothing new, but somehow this game makes it feel fresh even though it isn't. I used a controller when playing the game, and I will say that the pre-set controls for an xbox controller are excellent. Unfortunately, this means that I can't comment on how gameplay works with the keyboard. I'd recommend this game if you like superheroes and DC comics. Bottom line: The story mode was pretty fun to play through, and the gameplay was fun, but beware of balancing issues when playing multiplayer."
76561198174935454,Recommended,242700,15984523,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nigga 'Meeseeks,"10/10 WOULD PLAY AGAIN. THIS GAME IS AMAZING AND I THINK EVERYONE SHOULD GET IT. recommendation to the creator, please add online versus mode pleeeaaaseee"
,Recommended,242700,15985364,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ham,"Injustice is a great fighting game with a couple of balance issues. I would love to see this game's multiplayer fixed so that we get more action online. Otherwise, this game's a solid buy for anyone whose a fan of the DC Universe.The game plays a lot like Mortal Kombat's recent iterations without fatalities. You can use the environment around you to add to your combos or bring the fight into a different area. What's more is the story is gritty, and dark -- it's worth a buy to see how the DC characters handle a major crisis that would split all of them down the middle.Once you beat story mode, there's a ton of missions you can do for each character, and there's a lot of characters! I think the replay value is there if you are a completionist or a person who really loves DC. Either way, this is a astounding fighting game, a nice breath of fresh air from the Street Fighter franchise, and well worth a try."
,Recommended,242700,15824171,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,CommanderCartmen,It's a fun fighting game!
76561198009752251,Recommended,242700,13531995,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Thresh,"Great Game !!!I personally enjoy fighting games like Mortal Kombat , Street Fighter ; but adding heroes from my childhood trully made me buy this awesome game !!!"
76561198116853275,Recommended,242700,13189962,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Morris Wee the Second,coolio
,Recommended,242700,16251794,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[MsM] 31 çeken sinek,"Simply nice game but maybe you should get extra story for dlc characters. but still, the game is cool,nice."
,Recommended,242700,14765163,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dravvad,"Another game where I wish Steam had an ""OK"" option and not just Yes/No. Firstly, if you are a hardcore fighting game player, then you will probably like this game (and in all actuality, will have probably played it already). But putting that aside, I think that this game overall isn't anything special, despite the love it got at first release.Have I enjoyed the game? Yes and no. I'm not exactly a person who plays fighting games that often. There are a handful of them that I've gotten hooked into over the years, and I have played such games for a long time, back to the original Mortal Kombat on Sega Genesis. But I'm not exactly an expert with them.The story of Injustice was very interesting, I'll give it that. It was an unexpected turn of events. Sadly, it sort of wore down about halfway through because nothing really ""new"" occurred after that point. Then it felt like you were generically just fighting random people again, without more story development. Now, fighting games have and haven't exactly been the most into the story, and I will still give the game that it pulled me in with its beginnings.In terms of the fighting mechanics, the game is decent. I've played as all of the characters in the game, but only a few really struck me as ones I enjoy playing as often, such as Batman, Flash, Joker, Solomon Grundy, Aquaman, and a couple others (including Scorpion for making a cameo). Surprisingly, Aquaman is really overpowered so I feel like they beefed him up as a revenge against all of the jokes he has had made against him throughout the years for being helpless without water nearby.But as I said above, despite the hefty list of playable characters, less than half of them are characters I want to play as. Though that is somewhat understandable, as nothing can suit every person. Most of the characters have relatively decent skill lists, though some are easily more outstanding than the others (e.g., Aquaman as I just mentioned), but for the most part, you should be able to fight pretty well after getting used to their abilities. Learning each character's moves isn't really that tough, thankfully.But the problems come with the game's difficulty (for me) and the online multiplayer, which is ruined for just about everyone. As a whole, I was able to make my way through the story, but a handful of fights along the way randomly spiked in difficulty for me, and I got killed several times. For the most part, I didn't hate it that much. But when you go into Battle Mode and are able to select difficulty, the same problem exists. Medium difficulty is somewhat fine, depending on the characters that you fight against, while Hard difficulty and above just floor you.As I said, I'm not an expert with fighting games, but what I'm getting at is that the AI overall isn't that great. Playing on Easy or below, the AI is just worthless for the most part, and no challenge is presented. Playing on Medium, the AI can be okay but then randomly spike and suddenly swarm you with attacks that you can't block and you may lose half of your health bar. On Hard, I pretty much can't play at all.The thing is, with AI in fighting games, especially as the years have gone by, is that more ""difficulty"" doesn't actually mean better AI. It seems to mean abusive AI. What I mean is... say you're playing Battleships against a computer. You have to tell the computer (indirectly) where you placed your ships. So the AI knows where your ships are and can theoretically blast you immediately because it possesses the information.The same applies here. It seems like more ""difficulty"" in the fighting games now just means the AI quickly learns your input and will immediately respond by blocking with the appropriate action or grabbing you to stop your attack. So many times on Hard (and don't get me started on Very Hard) did I get wiped out without barely doing damage to the opponent. It's just not fun.Then the online play... I can't really say much here other than that it is ruined. It is really hard to find matches, at least for me, and 99% of the time the connection is terrible and I lose because I'm lagging like hell but the opponent isn't, even though I can play pretty much any other game online just fine. Then it's even worse to search for a match and have it drop immediately, so you're stuck repeating a search multiple times.People have mostly ditched the online community because of its issues, and the game was never fixed here. Thus, you're mostly stuck with the single-player unless you can get online at the right times or you have a group of people whom you can play with regularly.Thus, the game overall is actually average for me. It isn't anything special, mostly because only a fraction of the characters actualy seem that good, because the AI becomes ridiculous if you try to add more challenge, and the online playing is basically impossible to do half of the time."
76561198176433503,Recommended,242700,14943470,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,zazzmagicmaster,"Hmmm, so far, so good. The camera gets just a bit choppy on some of the story mode segments . It seems like there is an awful lot of stuff to load . There are an awful lot of characters to choose from in the arcade mode, and nothing seems to need to be unlocked . I noticed that my old buddy Scorpion, from Mortal Kombat, is among the bad guys. I'm always happy to see a bigger grouch than myself, as long as he's not my boss !  The fighting system is rather involved, and it will take quite some time to master all of the character's moves. I haven't purchased a D.C. comic in years, so I didn't know about a lot of these new characters . The one bad guy I miss is THE MAD HATTER, he had these chicken egg size eyeballs that would pop out of his top hat and hit you with a hypno beam ! (That was in the old Addam West Batman show.) I wish they would have gave me a more zazzy looking logo for my desktop, it just looks like a silver C.D., but that's a small matter. Of course the download is a replacement for a disk, and it's going to eat up some gigs ! If you got the space, get the game, you'll most likely be happy about it ."
,Not Recommended,242700,10362737,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Supreme Jeh'Oul,"This looks like a great game, but you can't do anything at the start menu. Which means you can't play. 0/10(If there is a fix, tell me)"
,Recommended,242700,8470806,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,boooooo_7,"I think Mortal Kombat 9 is better, but this one is still fun."
,Recommended,242700,12172908,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"Lots of fun. Great roster of characters. It doesn't feel very different than Mortal Kombat and so I was glad I was familiar with the gameplay. Multiplayer on PC is a bit jumpy and crashes often, I guess that is the only downside to this port. Haven't played it in a while but I sure as hell would love to play it again. Hopefully it works better now."
,Recommended,242700,12632234,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Daniel,"Amazing story, simple fighting game."
,Recommended,242700,12657901,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Raj_Is_Offline,"Great story line and fun gameplay. The comics also give you a better sense of whats going on but isn't nessecary.  The story was a bit short sadly, i finished it in one night, but the S.T.A.R. Labs missions adds hour of gameplay to be had. Worth  picking up if its on sale, I cant justify paying full prce for it though."
76561198065458700,Recommended,242700,12939785,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Milk Man Jon,"great great great fighting game, and on top of that it has the best characters of all time"
76561198062288884,Recommended,242700,13154712,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,L.E.G.E.N.D,This game is really fun espaiclly when u have friends over with controllers and other stuff keybord controls are really werid
76561198064641887,Recommended,242700,8907776,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,державна мова,очень класная игра!!!советую всем
,Recommended,242700,11486814,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Daddy Nigos,"Worst fps ever not even COD. This game includes no knives except its copy, the kitchen knife weilded by salmon chundy. Deathstroke is o.p. he's the only character who can quickscope and noob tube. The worst character is aqua man, he is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥and any one who picks him should be murdered in front of his family. Rhino/10 pretty good"
,Recommended,242700,10354180,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Alexander the Great,Freak! I travelled around world and hit the Superman! F**k yeah!
76561198081859952,Recommended,242700,11211056,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,FancySheep,This game is the bomb
,Recommended,242700,10618236,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Silent Dan,"I don't play fighting games very much.  I liked Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter from back in the day, but I was that jerk who always picked Blanca and then spammed his forward roll.  I found this one pretty accessible, and a lot of fun.  The characters have some great special moves (Batman can summon his Batmobile to run over his opponent, for example) and the arenas are full of interactable objects.  The single-player eases you into it and tells a little story as you move along.  It's good fun, it's forgiving of newbies, and it gets a thumbs-up from me."
,Recommended,242700,15335006,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,csoffer.me,This game is extremely fun. It runs on my potato so thats gud
,Recommended,242700,14562282,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,|IDS|ExNihilo,"Brilliant game! If you are a fan of DC comics (read as: fan of Batman) then get this game. The story is pretty decent, although there are glimpses of Justice League movies/cartoon series.The online community is pretty much dead, so get this game if you have a friend to play with. It has bonus modes along with story, which will keep you occupied for a while. I got this on a discounted price, definitely was worth the price I paid."
,Not Recommended,242700,9958547,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Vision,"This game has issues with finding players online, and other general bugs with its netcode.Don't support developers that abandon games with bugs."
,Recommended,242700,22655922,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Soldier0fHonor,Awesome game
,Recommended,242700,20823401,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TongaStampsSmashBro,Not a big fan of DC but this is a really well done fighting game. 10/10
,Recommended,242700,20136796,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BBQish,So much better than I ever expected. The single player is another amazing DC Original Comic Book Movie.
,Recommended,242700,19940423,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SERPENTINE 10,"Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition takes NetherRealm Studios' bold new fighting game and enhances it with over $60 of new content including 6 new characters, over 30 new skins and 60 new S.T.A.R. Labs missions. The addition of the new characters brings the roster to 30 fan favorite DC icons, including Batman, The Joker, Green Lantern, The Flash, Superman and Wonder Woman."
,Recommended,242700,10822775,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Count-Ivan,"This was a pretty satisfying comic based fighting game. The graphics were slick, the levels well detailed and even interactive, and the fighter roster was brimming with most of my favorites. Add in a pretty competent fighting system and tons of unlockables for the characters and you got one of the better DC based games, forget the fact that it's a fighting game. The story came together incredibly well and felt like a complete 10-20 issue story arc. The best part was that it was structured in a way that you swapped out fighters to progress and this swapping played into the cohesiveness of the story, which is something seldom done well in a fighter. My only quibble is the terrific buildup of tension and amazing moments punctuated by a rather anti-climatic or boring conclusion. In this case the journey is far greater than the destination."
,Recommended,242700,16551825,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,WUFFLEPUNCAKE,very fun and has a great story but beware of some of the controls
76561198277848986,Recommended,242700,21206872,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,MaryJane420,awesome
76561198124828411,Recommended,242700,15413826,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,BloodyKharma,"Like the fighting style of Mortal Kombat? Like anything having to do with super heroes? Then I think this game just might be for you! The controls are a bit awkward on PC, so I'd strongly advised you to use a controller, although I used the keyboard and it wasn't that hard to beat the game some parts with all of the button mashing did give me a bit of trouble. Besides that the stories great, the special moves are absolutely amazing, and you get to beat the crap out of all your favorite DC heroes or villains! Whats not to like! Never tried the multiplayer so no verdict on that aspect of the game, but if your looking to delve in the universe of superman, batman, and so many more then I highly reccommend you to give this game a shot!"
,Recommended,242700,9175497,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,OccamsRazor,"Button smashing, pure bliss.  Be sure to get a controller or you'll get frustrated quick."
,Recommended,242700,10352370,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Orson Krennic,i kicked the joker through a door 10/10 would kick again
76561198166200454,Recommended,242700,15326690,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Yellow Bird Of Nasty Robot Man,Extremely Impressive Game Great Attacks And Characters But Using A Controller Is Probably The Wisest Option For This Brilliant Game.
,Recommended,242700,24818333,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,TITZ ON RITZ,"Amazing game, needs graphics update though."
76561198228691000,Recommended,242700,18151593,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"Amazing Game! If you love Mortal Kombat, but have a liking for DC Comics you should definetly play this! 10/10"
76561198143732031,Recommended,242700,21222935,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,knightwhosaysnee,"I have to say, I was shocked to be blown away by this game.I don't take fighting games very seriously, who didn`t stop by the Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter arcade tower here and there? My free time is fleeting and I want it jam-packed with either atmospheric puzzly type exploration games or just only the most fun all the time.This game is only the most fun, all the time.I've never written a review, but I am having an absolute blast in the single player campaign. I wanted something straightforward with a high production value set in the DC universe where the characters step out of the pages true to form and act out thier little dramas. I want The Joker to drive the plot. I want team drama and multiverse shananigans. I want a fun story at a brisk pace and let's get with the punching of the faces. This is that in a nutshell, 10/10 completely scratched my itch.I have two steam controllers and it's the perfect thing to jump into and back out of. It's not the last word on superhero games, it is a fighting game and as such only got so many things to show you, but whatever.I played as Superman, and punched Doomsday THROUGH THE MOON. Then HE punched ME through the EARTH, and then BACK THROUGH THE EARTH, and we went right back to kicking the bazjeezus out of each other in the city streets. He knocked me through a building and into another area, too - I love it when that happens in fighting games. Most of the violence is cartoony, a far cry from gory Mortal Kombat fatalities, which is something I was surprised to be relieved about here. It's just comicbook fun, knows what it is and executes that well and within very tightly confined perameters. There's no RPG element here, it doesn't try to serve two masters and thrives for it.Be Green Lantern and beat up the Flash, or pick Lex Luthor and have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by Harley Quinn - rediculous and charming, this is a beautifully designed game. We`re playing dollies, here, let`s be clear, changing their costumes and mashing them together, but a 2D fighter is just such a perfect fit for the childhood `What if they fought?' comicbook playtime scenario.Refreshing little gem, a nod to the comic series of the same name, consider it. $10 is an absolute gem, definitely got my money's worth."
,Recommended,242700,14315974,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Den femte musketör,This game is great and is pretty much mortal kombat but with DC characters. It even has Scorpion!
,Recommended,242700,10397579,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Callahan,"Used a robot to smash Zod through the earth, crashed the game. 10/10."
76561198110169000,Recommended,242700,12169860,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Festivechusetts-Pootis,Russian. Batman.
76561198076002200,Recommended,242700,10291597,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,SOLDIEROFWAR,I have played this game through the whole story mission and I have to say this game is very cool and awesome.  I still like to play the battles though for they are still interesting.  I highly recommend this game for anyone checking this out.  one thing that is alittle negative about this game is it is slower than the normal average game.  However still very awesome.
76561198097272675,Recommended,242700,12159985,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Get_Wet,"The story is great,but the gameplay becomes boring over time.4.0 - 5.0"
,Recommended,242700,11056079,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,DJ Molester,"Kick-Superman's♥♥♥♥♥Simulator 2013 is a solid fighting game with an online function. You also get those extra DLC characters, including the ever badass Lobo.I wouldn't say it's worth full price unless you really like fighters, but worth it during a sale."
,Recommended,242700,15367914,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Trippie,"This Street-Fighter vibed arcade fighter game is a suprisingly good games and is also a blast with friends. I recommend a controller while playing though, it gets a difficult with keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,242700,10378987,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,DennisKRQ,"With heritage rooted deep within the Mortal Kombat series, Injustice delivers a familiar cast of DC comic heroes in a balanced and polished fighting game"
,Recommended,242700,15369029,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Exxo,"If you like DC, get it.Size: 17.5gbRate: 8/10Notes: Controller, or Joystick, is highly recommendedI usually hate fighters, like Mortal Combat, Tekken, and King of Fighters, but Inustice: Gods Among Us is really good. The story mode is essentially a 5 hour movie that you get to interact with, which is actually really nice (even if it does sound a little stupid.) I haven't tried out multi-player, and I probably won't; I don't like fighters."
76561198153256423,Recommended,242700,13384913,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Gunstar,"Injustice is a class game. Who doesn't want to run round as Batman like ""Woah dafties you're getting your heads bashed in."" and then run them over with the Batmobile? Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, that's who. The rest of us, who aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, think this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198024652087,Recommended,242700,15463266,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Joey Wan Kenobi,"Not bad for just another fighter.Online matches are really laggy with most players but the single player is alright.This is worth picking up in the 5-10$ range so make sure you wait for it to go on sale before picking it up.Using Batman to beat the boogers out of superman or using superman to pound doomsday is totaly worth 5$The ""special"" moves are very .... not special. On the bright side you can teach a ten year old to play it. So you can local vs your kids if you get bored I guess...I mean, I dont dont know if its got what it takes, but i bought it for 5$"
,Recommended,242700,14431638,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Sniper Elite,"This is a very good combat game that even get a storyline.- The storyline is very good and you get to play with a few different characters.- You get the play superheros and villains.- The story get a good length relatively to this kind of game.- Joker is in the storyline and get a great voice actor.- There are a lot of different characters to play with and each character get is own set of abilities.- Tons of combinations so there are a lot of ways  to fight.- Great use of the environment in combat.- A very good multiplayer (1 vs 1) that doesn't feel repetitive.My score: 9/10Run to buy this if you are a superheros fun or/and a combat game funs.P.s: wouldn't recommend this game for the multiplayer if you buy the game alone as the servers are dead, also take in mind that the hours steam said I played are far from the truth."
,Recommended,242700,15002597,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,lopshnigan,"I have purchased Injustice on every platform it has been released on. It's that good of a game & I like to see how different they are on each platform. I love the PC version mainly because of the extras you can add on the game unlike XB360, PS3, PS4 etc. The only downfall for this game on PC is that it's kinda laggy. I've tweaked the settings where the game is playable, But it's still off compared to every other PC games I've played."
,Recommended,242700,16409040,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,2 Indie Dev.,Superman unloaded a fish tank in Batmans face would play again.11/10
76561198191160111,Recommended,242700,16695561,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,TheKingOfGames9000,"Injustice Gods Among Us is a fighting game developed by the same studio that made Mortal Kombat 9 and I have to say, for $20 this game is so worth it especially if it's on sale. So where should I start... perhaps the amount of content you get in this game? If you are a type of person who likes to collect all of the DLC then look no further, this game has it all with over 30 DLC skins(iOS skins not included), 6 DLC characters and all the DLC S.T.A.R labs missions including the Red Son ones. Now the next thing I will go over is the amount of hours you will be spending on this game. So the story mode only took me about 5-7 hours but if you want to go past the story mode and complete everything you will be looking at about 100-200 hours worth of gameplay depending of what type of gamer you are. So in conslusion this game is perfect for veteran gamers and rookie gamers alike, along with a ton of replay value makes this game a 10/10 in my eyes."
76561198144989599,Recommended,242700,30109531,Posted: 22 February,all,HomeBoy,I love it buy it and start play :) <3
,Recommended,242700,30237978,Posted: 28 February,all,Katie,Pros:Awesome fighting mechanicsNice variety of charactersFair priceCons:controls feel strange on a mouse and keyboardWould recommend to DC and fighting game fans.
,Recommended,242700,10820828,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lt_Maverick,"Definitely worth purchasing this game. I played through once just for the storyline and was impressed with it. One of the most enjoyable games I've played in a long time.  All of the movements of the characters feel different, as do the special moves. The only thing negative is that the sound didn't always match the actions. The graphics are sick and the framerate was pegged to the max (120+)."
,Recommended,242700,21577074,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Jearbear,"Though it's just a Mortal Kombat clone, Injustice is still pretty cool if you like superheros and stuff.As far as it's quality as a fighting game in it's own right I can't really attest to that fact as I have only really played the campaign and a few dozen casual games with friends, but the story in the game is pretty cool. I've been a big fan of the Injustice comic line that's spawned off from it as well.Personally I am more of a fan of anime fighters like BlazBlue but game was still a lot of fun.Overall rating 6.5/10"
,Recommended,242700,9186317,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,rand_therrin,"Literaly beating the crap out of all our favorite DC heros and Villans with awsome alternate costumes and a sweet story mode.I havent gone through the STAR labs missions yet but each charecter has their own special set of missions with a basic story as well.  Not to mention all the special battle mode you can play: classic, heros/villans only, Speed run, and Impossable (the entire cast with 1 health bar and no healing)"
,Recommended,242700,21082150,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,CLICK to RELOAD,"full controller support thank the gods. brilliant game.....if you can grab it in the sale. storys not bad and there are a lot of battle mode games and a lot of super heros and bad guys to pick from. i dont play online as i suck at it, but there seems to be no online. but like i said for a little under £4 in the sale ive got to give it 8/10 ... i mite be a tiny bit generous just because you can play as harley quinn hehe"
,Recommended,242700,32975265,Posted: 28 June,all,InviSystem,"Dang, finally got this and amazed, though it is hard. Good game"
76561198076690019,Recommended,242700,9887563,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,I hate the poor,"Wonderful, endless moves, heroes, skins, and maps to have fun with. Great for all ages, lol wut"
,Recommended,242700,24012685,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Darkflare101,Amazing and worth it
76561197996571705,Recommended,242700,10389198,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Civic,Thank you for making Aquaman a badarse.
,Recommended,242700,24164942,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Jingle dangle,"This game is AMAZING!!!! If you enjoy fighting games and/or DC stuff, You need to buy this game. Even though the story mode is pretty short (4 to 5 hours), It's very intriguing and fun. But, sadly there's not much worth while unlockables and the graphics isn't that great. But I still recommend this game"
,Recommended,242700,30668149,Posted: 22 March,all,Redtrailx,"Good fighting game with a great story, which became a great comic book."
76561198262815466,Recommended,242700,33350148,Posted: 7 July,all,Absorbo,"I really like this game, I liked almost everything about it. The only thing that would make this better would be if the story was bit longer. But other then that this game is GREAT! I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,242700,11183601,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,similarly,"Let me just say up front:  I'm TERRIBLE at fighting games.  I never could learn all those moves.That said, I just finished the single-player campaign, and I highly recommend the game.The Good:Great story.  Loved every minute of the story.  Sure, the story is on the simple side, but there was a lot of feeling to it.  I'm not a HUGE comic book reader.  I read my last Justice League comic over 20 years ago, so there were a lot of characters I didn't know, but I was familiar enough with the classic characters to get along pretty well.The fighting was fun.  I'm no good at it.  I button mash a lot, but overall, the gameplay was fun.Sometimes it seemed to me that the game was PROGRAMMED to beat me the first round, and then get steadily easier each time I lost.  It was a little suspicious, but now that I think about it, it rewarded my lack of skill by giving me a chance to keep playing.  That's actually quite nice, because I could continue the story, even being not good at the game.I had a few times where I said ""WTF was THAT!!!"" when a character pulled a particular move, or did something spectacular that destroyed my character.  The big one was when Doomsday did something outrageous like THIRTY hits on Superman by throwing him through a wall.Still, fun game, and I highly recommend it for people who aren't so good at fighting games.  Now that the main campaign is finished, I'm slowly working through the single-player battles, and it's quite fun."
,Recommended,242700,18116772,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Xariyl,"Moderately recommended, 2.5 out of 5.TLDR: Gameplay is simply terrible; if judging solely on the ""game"" my score would be a 0, and not recommended at all -- no, actually I'd recommend strongly *against* it. If you're looking for a Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat style fighting game, you'll be disappointed, and you'll probably hate yourself for spending actual money on this. BUT! The story was fantastic and well worth the (sale) price in itself. Animations and voice acting were nearly flawless, and I was hooked the entire way through. I was up until 1am because I *had* to finish the story, it was just too good to pause until morning.-----While I'm not generally in to fighting games, as a ""game"" I found Injustice to be somewhat disappointing. For a fighting game, however, it was hands down one of the best storylines I've seen in a long time.After first purchasing Injustice, the game would not respond to any keyboard or gamepad inputs. A brief search on the internet found that this is a known bug; one has to Alt+F4 to close the game and re-open it 4 or 5 times for it to recognize any input. A bad way to greet a new customer, a clear sign of shodding programming just to rush a game through development and sales. Signs, as such, are meant to be followed, but I persevered anyway.Overall, I found the game's response time... I guess ""sluggish"" would be the best word. Even in the menus, the interface felt like it had an unusual delay when responding to either the gamepad or the keyboard -- there was no option to use the mouse at all -- and while irritating in the menu screens, it was frustrating during actual gameplay. Often the characters I used felt clumsy, winning only by luck. The base-standard fighting-game moves lists were there, but forwhatever reason I found them difficult to pull off on a regular basis. Sometime when trying for one combo it would pull out moves completely unexpected. I skipped several sections of the tutorial simply because the functions they were trying to teach I just could not execute. I had to lower the difficulty of the game after a while because some of the enemy characters moved WAY too quickly for me to even stand a chance.So why recommended at all, even moderately, with these complaints? What the game does right, it does extremely well at.Injustice has some interesting mechanics, utilizing a fantastic array of combos and special moves unique to most characters. While I had difficulty during gameplay, the computer executed beautiful sets of moves that were kind of fun to watch. Many times throughout the game I reverted to my 9-year-old fanboy self as some of my favorite characters unleashed against me, throwing out impressive actions that had me sitting back saying, ""HOLY F*** THAT WAS AWESOME!"" You get to play as each of the major characters in the story, hero and villain, utilizing the classic skills and super powers that we all know and love. The comic-book nerd in me was a little giddy at times.The voice acting was superb, each of the characters felt very realistic and well presented. This is one of the few games where I felt they used actors who actually matched what their characters *should* sound like. The transitions from cut-scene-to-gameplay was a little off, with a noticable dip in quality, but that's not unexpected and the sound kicks up again in the next cut scene -- as it should. The background music didn't feel cartoonish as in many other comic-book games, enjoyable enough to listen to without being too irritatingly repetitive.The artwork was impressive as well. Each combat stage was beautifully rendered, well drawn and easily identifyable. Each stage had interactive elements as well; a tap of a few keys on the batcomputer made the nearby parked batmobile fire missles at your opponent; throwing an opponent through a window had them bouncing throughout Metropolis to land outside the destroyed Daily Planet building. The props were realistic to the scenes, adding a fun and devestating addition to the gameplay. The story scenes were extremely well done, I often compared it to the latest rounds of DC animated movies and found this game superior in almost every respect. The uniforms seemed realistic enough while still adhering to the classic look and feel of the characters we are familiar with. The special effects as powers were used was impressive, flowed well with the scenes without being overwhelming, and did a great presentation while making me feel like I could be standing right there watching it all happen. Simply amazing.While the story wasn't the most original, it was very well presented, and a good story is worth retelling. While at times predictable, there was enough variation in the classic tale to keep it interesting, and along with the above-mentioned positives it kept me hooked the entire way through. The best part of Injustice was the story, an easy 5 out of 5 in itself and 100% worth the price. I've paid more to watch movies in a theater that I didn't like. I don't want to say too much and spoil anything but if you enjoy comic books, comic TV shows or movies (animated or otherwise), then you'll love this story too.This movie-game was on Steam sale for $5. I will be uninstalling the game, and I doubt I'll play it again, but overall I'd say I got my money's worth. I spend more in the theater on any given weekend, and it was entertaining enough. If you're looking for a quality Street Fighter-esque fighting game you'll be disappointed, save your money. If you don't mind an interactive comic book then spend the $5, put the game on Easy and blow through the fight scenes as quickly as you can, then enjoy the show.-X"
,Recommended,242700,10962906,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jeremy,This game is AWESOME! I would really like to see what character mods people will end up making for this!
,Recommended,242700,15285612,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,King Vegeta,"A good solid MK clone with DC characters that's just different enough to give it it's own vybe.Story isn't as good as MK9, but it's serviceable albeit short (around 5 hours).  Game play is good & different enough to make it its own type of fighter.  Each character has their own unique power to use in battle, you can use the environment to your advantage against your enemies as well.Story mode revolves around fighting & QTE segments that give you advantages before fights.  There's also a good chunk of Single Player missions you can do which are unique to each character such as Flash's Race with Superman around the world.Multiplayer is a lot better than it used to be.  At launch it was an unserviceable trainwreck, now it's a lot more stable.  You can play only in 1v1 matches, though.  There's also no tag-team matches which would have been really cool to have in this game.  There's a King of the Hill type game where you fight 1 person with other players and see who can stay on top the longest.  Then there's Survival which is the same as KotH except your HP doesn't refresh between matches.Overall this is a serviceable 2D fighter with over 30 characters & 15 arenas to choose from.  Worth the price especially if it's on a sale.Recommended for anyone who likes 2D fighting games or wants another MK type game with DC characters."
76561197971021986,Recommended,242700,16526543,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,uni1313,"This game is made by Netherrealm who make the Mortal Kombat games - a special character that you can play in the game is Scorpion.Graphically it looks a lot like Mortal Kombat 9. The combat plays and feels like a Mortal Kombat game. Special Moves are also  executed in Mortal Kombat style.But this game is not as bloody as Mortal Kombat => there is almost no blood. There are impressive moves that you can execute when a power meter is full - they are impressive but they're not as gruesome as fatalities.There are destructible environments, things you can grab and launch at your enemies and in most of the arena's you can kick your enemies to another arena (=> this happens with an impressive cut scene that does damage to your enemy.Characters:I am not a comic fan so some of these characters are unknown to me. The Batman characters are fun though.Game Modes:I only played Single Player so I can't say anything on multiplayer.There is a story mode which will take you of few hours to finish. I would recommend starting with that so you get familiar with some of the characters. I f you played the Mortal Kombat 9 story mode then you know what you can expect.Next to that you have a lot of different single player modes that you can play and of course the traditional SP-mode 'arcade' like most other fighting games."
,Not Recommended,242700,10341355,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ChadSexington,DO NOT BUY. The game is broken on pc. Slowmotion fighters are not fun.
,Recommended,242700,29308970,Posted: 16 January,all,Jarxo,Where is my Injustice 2 on PC?
,Recommended,242700,28834224,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Esshablishment,You can play as Communist Superman
,Recommended,242700,13099354,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,slav,"mortal kombat 9 with dc charactersheckloads of content for a fighting game if you don't like multiplayerbut the multiplayer is dead beyond belief if that's your cup of stew, look elsewhere (USF4)"
76561198136477159,Recommended,242700,13072715,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sneaky Snorlax,10/10 would play again graphics could use a lil work tho
,Recommended,242700,13094355,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Loki_uk,A great triple A beat em up with some wonderful finishing moves. Get it now it's cheap and challenge someone to a battle from your sofa.
,Recommended,242700,13092687,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,KhAS,"It's got a great story, so even if you suck at fighters, you will still be able to enjoy this title."
,Recommended,242700,13098647,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Winkbell,woah. it's very fun when play with a friend. :) heheh
76561198014740366,Recommended,242700,30141889,Posted: 24 February,all,GriTilki,"Very good game for singleplayer,not so good for multiplayer though (u know...connection issues and stuff)."
,Recommended,242700,30194597,Posted: 26 February,all,✪BfeXy  ✪EZ KATKA✪,"best game i played until now, good graphics, nice gameplay and a cool story, only problem is that i cant log in or make a new wbid :/ its one of the best fighting games, after mortal kombat. but my pc cant take mkx ;("
76561198201851746,Recommended,242700,30247055,Posted: 28 February,all,supreme leader,really fun to play with freinds and great story
76561198206587685,Recommended,242700,30238858,Posted: 28 February,all,hongjun820,Awesome!No extra dlc charges true buy to play game on steam.
,Recommended,242700,30245433,Posted: 28 February,all,DSW 1 9 9 2,"cool, great, enjoy able fighting system. Well written storyline, another cool games based on DC comic universe. too bad its not optimized enough for PC, i use gtx 1080 and yet still having frame rate issues on 1080p resolution. Hope they'll be  optimizing the PC version of the upcoming injustice 2 tittle.my own score: 8/10 ""WORTH FIGHTING GAMES TO BUY ON PC"""
76561197998712268,Recommended,242700,30253060,Posted: 28 February,all,Acidalias,"Fun, easy comob moves. Good game for a few quick fights inbetween games or real life stuff."
76561198303854653,Recommended,242700,30259653,Posted: 1 March,all,Cody,I love this game! It's like Mortal Kombat while playing your favorite DC Heroes!! Batman!! Woot!!! ~~~
,Recommended,242700,10341879,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Styles,I had fun
,Recommended,242700,29347608,Posted: 18 January,all,Setrakus-Rah,"The game is really good, the features, challenges and additional game modes are awesome!"
76561198026324727,Recommended,242700,29998301,Posted: 17 February,all,Jughead Jones,"Really cool plot with great characters and unique moves.Nice diversity and skill level - it's easy to play but hard to master.For a fighting game, the gameplay is on par. However, the PC port f the game can be poor at some times.A controller is recommended."
,Recommended,242700,30192682,Posted: 26 February,all,TacoCat,"Only got it for the single player portion but still worth the price to me. Awesome plot, decent graphics (outfits are SPOT ON), good gameplay. Also love how you can unlock concept art for each character. 9/10, a must for all DC fans. BRING IT ON INJUSTICE 2"
,Recommended,242700,11433345,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Robert Rotten,I just want people to play with...
,Not Recommended,242700,35492605,Posted: 5 October,all,DannyTheNerd,"The storyline itself is great, but the gaming side is boring. Its just a fighting game and a very boring one at that. Would not recommend."
,Recommended,242700,7945120,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zedd.HIM,"This game is fantastic. The story is amazing, the gameplay is pretty good, the mechanics in this game are great. 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,242700,17090378,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,R0drg3 (BR),It's a good game but the multiplayer just doesn't work but for private matches so if you like playing with friends it might be good but if you don't have anyone to play with online and want to play online just don't get this game
76561198166698801,Recommended,242700,21971563,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Tyrone The Duck,This game Is One of the best fighting games around. Many people complain about the port and the graphics but mine runs perfectly 10/10 and the reason that the online sometimes SOMETIMES dosent work is because nobody plays but the singleplayer is stelllar.
,Recommended,242700,12296309,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,»ÐøG«ÇHÜÇKLÈS,this is a great fps game i like all the charchters i play it sometimes with A friend i would really say to buy it.
,Recommended,242700,10454963,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,{TAW} The Arkham Knight,"It's a Fun game. If your not use to this type of gameplay it might be hard, or if you are looking for a game challenge then you found it. It has a good story, good fight's, i think they should have perhaps picked someone better as joker. To Me the chacther that is the most fun to use is Green Arrow and using the Skin from the TV Show Arrow."
76561197972720910,Recommended,242700,13126772,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,MaYzE,"Short story mode, but well worth the playthrough.  Great to see all those DC characters in one place.  Very cool game.  Would recommend, just make sure it's under $20 unless you are a fan of fighter games and get replay value from the title."
76561198154702399,Recommended,242700,13152439,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,vyco,basically mortal kombat
,Not Recommended,242700,11113335,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,P4nda0fFury,"As a former Mortal Kombat player back on the ole Playstation, I was really excited to play this game. In fact, the single player story line is actually pretty interesting if that's all you care about. Sadly, that's about the only thing that was good about this game.The controls were terrible both with the keyboard & using controller support (Xbox 360). Sensitivity & response with the analog sticks on the controller were terrible. For example, your intention was to push the stick away to the left/right of your opponent, resulting in a block, but your character ends up jumping & gets pounded in mid-air. The D-pad was slightly better, but still terrible. Now for the keyboard. Some very effective melee combos are literally close to impossible to perform, as the game requires you to hit 4+ keys in a timely manner with your right hand, all while your left hand is pushing another 4 keys for movement. It feels like you're playing Twister with your fingers.Pros:- Solid single player campaign.- Good graphics.- Assortment of characters & costumes to choose from = excellent.- Cool animations & combos when you can actually perform them.Cons:- Little to no control over character movement with controller support.- Combo success rate almost nonexistent with keyboard.- Multiplayer matchmaking nonexistent at times.This is not a terrible game. Unfortunately, I personally don't think this game is worth recommending to others because of its poor character control/movement."
,Recommended,242700,28571277,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,mOOkie,Great game if you love dc
,Not Recommended,242700,11356344,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,HiccupMonkey,"Although this game was fun while it lasted, and having unlocking most of the unlockables, it promted me after a month or two to link a WBID account.  It promised new skins and more.  I was excited to further my progress in the collection of skins, so of course I replied yes.  However, I was soon devastated when I discovered that linking and creating a WBID account had wiped all of my current progress and deleted all that I had worked so hard to achieve.  Fun gameplay, trash everything else. -6/10 would not bang."
76561198254344002,Recommended,242700,24278514,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MADDHATTER,Who dont love superheros an then on top of all this their fighting each other bring it on with all the powers  the story is okay for the game and the game looks good upon on the eyes this is a game that you can come back to over time and you know injustice 2 is coming out with better everything so why not get this game just to step back in to the past to see what WB is doing
76561198039164273,Recommended,242700,30111866,Posted: 22 February,all,"""Ironwolf""","One of my all tme favorites.  I played this back on xbox 360 under the tag Ironwolf78. Was global leader in the world ranked for 2 months , was epic but think once is enough for that, very exhausting. lol...That said, picked this up to brush up while waiting for Injustice2 to hit. Really great thing is the collectors edition arcade joystick works with PC flawlessly. This game is amazing still, all the skins, the amazing graphics, I wish more still played.10/10 fighting game."
76561198144996245,Recommended,242700,19729546,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Marbar,Awesome fighting game!
,Recommended,242700,18094795,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Jeff,Best game ever!!!
,Recommended,242700,22383769,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,[Hex] Pecko Gecko,Good Gamae
,Recommended,242700,8438213,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,lowen.sodium,"This is a very nice PC port of a pretty solid fighting game.  It is 100% controller enabled and works great in Big Picture Mode.I haven't tried online mode, and I probably am not likely to (except to get the costume that unlocks for winning a ranked match) because I really don't care about it.The single player story mode is very cinematic, cut scenes are very well animated and voice acted, and they transition straight in to the fights seamlessly.It is a must for fighting game fans and DC comic fans."
76561198363679367,Recommended,242700,32719925,Posted: 24 June,all,Iamnotamaric,A very good game even now
,Recommended,242700,20553077,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Justin J (PuNk),"let me start by saying i HATE fighting games. mortal kombat, tekken, street fighter, they are dull and repetative. if i want to fight someone ill go to a bar.... very basic button mashing gameplay. this game is no different. only reason i liked and recommend this game is the story is awesome!if you are like me and do not like fighting games i recommend turning  away from this, dont touch it, less you like a good story. this felt like an interactive movie in a way.PROS:amazing storygreat graphicstons of heroes to play asinteresting movesruns fairly smoothCONS:felt kinda short, today was my first time playing, enjoyed the story enough to play through the entire game.nothing else (less you count the fact this is a fighting game).believe it or not, i somehow rate this game a 8 out of 10."
76561198060918457,Not Recommended,242700,11815384,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,TONYDARK,"Bug in the game. Makes the game run slow. There is no fix for this bug yet!Its a great game, but its not worth paying for something that doesnt work properly."
,Recommended,242700,10350570,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Slav Knight Gael,Its like Mortal Kombat but not a♥♥♥♥♥♥port.
,Recommended,242700,10929060,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Life Pilgrim,"The game is surprisingly entertaining and the presentation is well polished. There may be performance issue with the MP most likely due to playing with people with poor pings but when that is not an issue it's quite enthralling to be able to play with other people in this not-so-serious comics fighting game for a change, at least I'm playing to enjoy the game casually with someone else than viewing it as a competitive platform. I have found hidden gems in the world of superheroes and I love DC heroes the most thus to be able to play with these superheroes/heroines or villains is a lot of fun for me. The game is even winnable played with a keyboard. The special moves(atack) are especially amazing and quite very much entertaining. The menu is something of an art to behold. The characters too are very much well done though a few of the fighting places may not seem that good compared with the others. Just that it seems your character skin selection is not saved requiring you to keep on selecting the other skins everytime you load a match if you don't like the default one.My only other complaint is that the game doesn't have Darkseid in it. Darkseid is like the most powerful supervillain in the world of DC Comics. I would love to see it fight Superman in the game. I'm recommending to buy this game on sale if you like, you know, superheroes.Update 1After more time spent trying to play the game online, most attempts have been unsuccessful. The online sessions often end abruptly for no particular reasons. It's not the fps either. I'm guessing the game quits the online session if the ping exceeds certain value.Don't buy the game for the MP alone. If you're happy with the single player this game is too good to be passed up though,Update 2I have had more successful MP sessions now.The game differentiates its MP community based on their PC performance. Those getting 30 fps or less will have red colored ping indicator and can only see other red pingers.Those with 60 fps performance will have green colored ping indicator and able to see other green pingers. There's a lot more people in the green ping than there are in the red ping.In addition when you enter an online room, wait for a bit to let the game check the qualities of pings of other listed online players. The ping indicator has several bars and the more bars are lit up the better the ping with your own connection. The thing is the game starts by all having full  pings hence creating a false impression that you are able to play with everyone listed. If you wait for sometime the game starts to really indicate the real ping quality of each player. You may only play with another player whose ping is at the minimum shown as one full bar. Empty green or red bars will not do it. Even if you are able to connect with empty bars the game will end abruptly either in lobby or in the middle of the fighting. Also, you can't judge the quality of a person's ping when that person is already in an ongoing session. That person needs to exit his fighting session in order to allow his ping to be rated.I'm a lot happier now knowing how to read the MP ping indicator and being able to play multiplayer a lot more often.This game is quite entertaining. Cheers!"
,Recommended,242700,11158371,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Sarabi,"An absalute hoot, every hero and villian is brimming with personality and are a joy to go smacking each toher with. Though i'd recomend playing with a controller since the keyboard controls e a tad borked."
,Recommended,242700,31829645,Posted: 18 May,all,WatchersGrim,"With the right pc, this game can run like a dream but with the netcode being as bad as it is. It unplayable online and makes it difficult to love as you can do only so much single player or versus. But overall a classic for me as I have played since it dropped on ps3."
,Recommended,242700,13066335,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Legionnaire,Friendlier version of Mortal Kombat
76561198073270328,Recommended,242700,8829373,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,One Man and his Droid,"Again, watch out for haters...This for me is better than MK9 (which I LOVED) - great storyline - a million SP missions to complete..My experience of MP (apart from being RUBBISH at it) has been 90% positive - smooth when I'm on there (and I have everything cranked up) - if their servers are down - forget it (rare for me though - I may be one of the lucky ones)Great graphics / sounds / areas...What's not to like?!?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nsw6ixjUWZM"
,Recommended,242700,21968204,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Seth,Great DC Approach on a fighting game. No need to unlock characters. Story Battle. Story mode. UI ranked 7/10.Theyre had been lagging issues but I'm not having any. Game is running 50-61 FPS on my laptop.
76561198021659556,Recommended,242700,34275503,Posted: 16 August,all,S4vIt4r,"Great fighter game. Shame there isn't anyone playing online anymore, can't do my achievements :/"
,Recommended,242700,12190469,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,$UICIDEBOY$,"Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing Christ. Like Mortal Kombat, but with gays spandex and cape and boom boom."
76561198080992424,Recommended,242700,13782727,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bill Overbeck,Really Great Game Good Grafics For 2013 10/10
,Recommended,242700,13397738,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,朝辞白帝彩云间,"Great one,but I don't like the blacked-out style."
76561198048086872,Recommended,242700,13634343,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,terrox🐯,"Finished it. Liked it. Ending credits were awesome. Didn't bother memorising moves though, I perfer to memorise Mortal Kombat instead."
76561197991573880,Recommended,242700,13453027,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,JohnnyTan,nice!
,Recommended,242700,34240066,Posted: 14 August,all,HS22000,If you have no previous experiance in fighting games but you are a huge fan of superheroes. This is MUST buy!
76561198050491643,Recommended,242700,10478060,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Azazel 87,YAAAAASSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242700,10587511,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lobler,Street Fighter 4 is better.
76561198045459051,Recommended,242700,29498517,Posted: 26 January,all,MrNobody9999,"This is another game that I've logged more hours on in console.  I can also say I've played every version of this game available now except for the Wii U port.  I'll get this out of the way immediately: the netcode is ♥♥♥♥♥♥.  It looks smooth, but there's a lot of input delay.  I tried to get an online match, but there was nobody there.  I guess now that the Injustice 2 beta is out, people are dropping this game.It's weird if you think about it.  Really, in any story with Superman in it, he tends to be the dominant force.  They had to explain away why he doesn't instantly paint the walls red with the entrails of anybody he comes across by saying all the heroes are eating these steroid pills that make them all super durable.  Even still, Superman could just carry them to outer space and watch their bodies contort in agony and implode from being exposed to the vacuum of space.Which is a shame, really.  It's a pretty solid fighting game if you're not playing Bane, Solomon Grundy, Wonder Woman, Harley Quinn, The Joker, Scorpion, Lobo, Hawk Woman, Killer Frost, or Cyborg.  I'm not going to pretend that only a fraction of the cast being actually good is a problem quarantined to this game, though.  I don't know how many Marvel 3 tournaments I've seen where the top eight boiled down to about seven characters in different combinations.This game was developed by Netherrealm Studios, but has no Fatalities.  I guess the executives at Warner Brothers didn't want little Billy to learn about mortality by watching Deathstroke cut of Batgirl's head.  There's also no block button, so crossups are a thing in this game.  I guess it would help if characters had jump in moves that looked more like traditional moves that cross up in games with similar defensive systems.  Instead, you have jumping punches and kicks that look more similar to the ones seen in the 2011 version of Mortal Kombat.Speaking of Warner Brothers executives, we have another sub par PC port here.  I also have this game on PS Vita.  That version doesn't drop frames when the stages transition.  What really pisses me off is that even when I turn the graphics down to low, frames are dropped during the transitions and during certain cutscenes in the story mode.And since I mentioned it:  Yeah, you can't interact with the stages while you fight.  It's something NRS added to this game.  It makes the whole experience feel a little more dynamic.  That is, until you realize that the only worthwhile background interactions are the ones that let you extend combos mid screen.  The rest either take so long on startup that you'll be hit out of them, are easily avoided, or don't do much damage, if any at all.Otherwise, the gameplay is pretty similar to MK9.  There's this clash system where you can break an opponent's combo and wager your super meter to regain life.  I feel like that just brings the action to a dead halt and needlessly prolongs the match in most cases.  I was kind of bummed to see it back in Injustice 2.One small thing that's a definite positive is that you can stick stuff from the moves list on the screen during training mode.  It makes it easier to memorize the dial-a-combos.  It kind of sucks that you can't do it in Story Mode, when you're most likely to be playing characters that you're uncomfortable with.  Still, It's an improvement from the training mode of MK9.If you don't have any consoles, I might recommend picking this up if it's on sale.  Otherwise, you can probably find a superior version for fairly cheap.  I'd give this game an 7/10 on a curve because it feels unique."
,Recommended,242700,31117317,Posted: 13 April,all,TmthJNTH,"So, starting of its a good game. The gameplay is simple, the story is great but nothing special, but its kinda short and lacking a clear explaination, if you want to understand the story you really need to read the comics. Graphics is so so. But the weekest point is the controls, i have to be honest. Its unplayable with keyboard, you need to buy an additional controller. I personally use ps3 controller its cheap and reliable. Final tough: if you want to play mortal combat mashed with dc comics super hero, its a game for you, but i have to say. Just wait for a sale on this game i got it for Rp.33.000 or in dollars its 3$. I gave it 7/10"
76561198005958992,Recommended,242700,29335211,Posted: 18 January,all,Chronolord,"This is a fun game, with an excellent story (for a fighting game). It's sometimes too simple combat system can work against you in a fight, and the A.I can be... erratic. In one round, it will tear you apart faster than an angry baby with a box of tissues. The very next, it will stand there and take a beating like it has paid for an hour in some Dominatrix's dungeon. But, if you'd like to break the Bat's back as Bane, or take down Doomsday with Green Arrow, then you will enjoy this. I did."
,Recommended,242700,28264028,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,kivaflames,The gameplay is good
,Recommended,242700,28242598,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,mushbee1,"Good game, 100x better when you have a couple of controllers and few friends over! Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,242700,7992736,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,WirelessHobo,"Injustice is a great way to kill a few minutes or a few hours.  All of the DC Heroes  and Villians we love in a fresh light, but not always flattering as Supes becomes the bad guy.  The mechanics are easy to use with the 360 controller as you play through the story progressing from one hero to the next and their differing combo and super moves.  I am not much of a multiplayer afficianado, but I look forward to playing against my son over the holidays.  Good game.  Highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,242700,8237919,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DntHateTheJuice,"I played Injustice on a console and absolutely loved the game. So when the Ultimate Edition launched I figured I'd pick it up on Steam. The game itself is great. It has an awesome story and rather enjoyable controls. The problem comes with this PC version. My computer is more than capable of running this game yet I still get the infamous slow motion bug (which can be fixed temporarily by going to certain stages and continuously pausing through cutscenes). On top of that the multiplayer is almost impossible to connect to, even after the patch. I've been able to play 3 online matches, other than those I wait about 20 min in the queue before giving up. Hopefully there is some fixes to these bugs, but I'm not holding my breath."
76561198145326492,Recommended,242700,23493569,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Darius,Awesome fighting game with a great roster!
76561198139834328,Recommended,242700,10952592,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SHERRY MJ,Simply Great
,Recommended,242700,12449385,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Wisp Khalifa,It's the DC superhero movie we can't have.
76561198025075140,Not Recommended,242700,32876531,Posted: 27 June,all,Nasuren,"As both a comic fan and a guy who played MK3 as a child (don't judge me!), I was hoping for something better.Using a logitech controller, I found was a good looking port with poor controls. Chaining combos with special attacks is near impossible ( I tried the Batarang combo in the training, took twenty time before I got lucky) and the default keyboard controls are confusing as you wouldn't believe.If you don't have a decent controller? Try it, but don't hesistate to ask for a refund like I'm currently am. Might try this again if I ever get my hands on a Xbox controller or something if it goes on sale again, but I'm hoping Injustice 2 will come to PC with better controls or something."
,Recommended,242700,18913455,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ awesome story+ many different battle modes+ lots of unlockables+ leveling system+ cool soundtrackCONS:- poor balance between characters- occasional frame dip- Online Multiplayer has a small amount of peopleComment:First thing that came to my mind was Casual Mortal Kombat. But I played further the game showed me that it is not just a clone of MK with DC characters. Actually, the game has similar patterns but branches out to something different. The story feels good and sits well with the Injustice story line of DC Comics. With the various battle modes available it gives for many hours of gaming. The combos and gameplay of most characters feel unique and interesting. However, this comes at a price to balance because some characters are simply better than others when it comes to fighting. Some other negatives are an occassonal frame dip caused by game coding. Online Multiplayer is not what it used to be when it comes to the amount of players so make sure to have some friends to play this with. But all that aside I went and rated this from Good to Very Good because it's DC ... because I am a big fan of comics. There is nothing like punching Superman with Batman ... or destroying Doomsday with Harley Quinn. This game is FUN and has a cool soundtrack, recommended!------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,242700,26062010,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Vic Vinegar,Injustice 2 pc?
,Recommended,242700,29001058,Posted: 4 January,all,Savitar God of Speed,This game ruined my life10/10 would go back in time to get obsessed again
76561198215075799,Recommended,242700,23528423,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,naxon69,"Really fun, works smoothly but it is hard to play with a keyboard so you basically need an xbox or ps3/4 controller. Very fun game though."
,Recommended,242700,13096159,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"Netherrealm Studios has done a really good job with Injustice. It has taken the best from Mortal Kombat and upgraded it in every way (story, controls, cut scenes, special moves, different modes, unlockable content). I think it's hard to make a good game in such a repetitive and shallow genre as fighting, but this one has a lots of content and features that will take several hours of your time. IMO, currently, Injustice is the best fighting game on PC. Capcom could learn a thing or two from it.And with the current price (with or w/o the discount), it's really a great purchase.The only thing that this game lacks is active multiplayer community.Overall rating: 9/10."
76561198022266545,Recommended,242700,12606308,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Jacko®,"Jacko Rating8/10A great fighting game in the same style as the Street Fighter and Tekken franchises which I absolutely adore and have done for many years.Relying on more timing and reaction time than long memory straining combos of the fighting games that are targeted at the asian market.  You do not need 100+ hours to be competitive online but the real beauty of this game is the very solid acrade mode and the super impressive story mode which is the best and most thought out since Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition.Graphics are above average for fighting games and the combat and playability are both good in all modes.  With a good balance of AI difficulty that you can set and the numerous options, costumes etc make this great value if you buy on sale as I did.  Don't pay over 20$ for this and you will definately get value for your money.If you liked SF or Tekken then trust me you will like this."
76561198054495266,Not Recommended,242700,21140754,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,DandaBOSS!!!!!!,I’ll keep this short cause I hate writing reviews honestly just don’t buy this game this is a broken port of a game. Just so many problems with it and its just constantly crashing cant be bothered listing them.I mean got it in a sale for like 6 dollars it just not worth it save the money and don’t buy it you’d be better off giving it to some charity cause atleast then you can feel good about yourself instead of hating yourself for getting this terrible pc port.
76561197998146124,Recommended,242700,14539232,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Paratech2008,"If you want this game for multiplayer/online, look elsewhere.If you're willing to deal with a few bugs/glitches, like single player, or have a friend to play against on you PC/Local, it's worth getting on a 75% off sale like I did.I enjoyed the story mode. I've played through several endings in the 'arcade' mode with villains and heroes and there are many battle modes to try, some will really challenge you and there are multiple dfficulties to try as well.It was worth under $10 for me."
,Not Recommended,242700,24791605,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Danky xD,"Before I start my review I'll first say that this isn't a bad game, yet it isn't amazing either in my opinion.Pros:+ MK like fighting game+ Decent size roster of DC characters+ Interactive stages+ Plenty costumes+ Some extra challenges aside from the main storyCons:- Short & boring story- Weak graphics- Very disappointing ending- With all the costumes unlocked there's barely any motivation to try out other modes & stuff to unlock things not worthy of your timeTL;DR: Meh game, quick & easy to complete and quick and & easy to forget. If you want it, get it on sale!If you really want a decent fighting game, get MK9"
,Not Recommended,242700,10916702,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Thiboo,The game itself is a lot of fun the singleplayer is fun to play but don't get me started on me multiplayer it works once in a while and only for a couple of games. I bought this together with some friends to play multiplayer i was only 7 dollars but still the multiplayer barelly works. I was reading some reviews on this game and they were all positive so I wrote this one so people don't buy this game for the multiplayer the singleplayer and local play does work.
,Recommended,242700,33699474,Posted: 21 July,all,Azeryu,"A bit old, but still a really good game, and the plot is definitely cool."
,Recommended,242700,32120390,Posted: 1 June,all,GrimSword513,"love it, need 2 to come to PC"
,Recommended,242700,21577033,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,All the DLC of the original—including costumes and more STAR Labs missions!
76561198093054323,Recommended,242700,24678113,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,AH_Atomic,yes
76561198078893560,Recommended,242700,31442256,Posted: 29 April,all,ifound1paypal,cool fighting game give it a try as you wait for the second game of the injustice series
76561197991756666,Recommended,242700,13979631,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,nerk hayze,"This game offers a lot. The DC/marvel universe surely opened up to many of the players, with the sentiment;""I never knew that hero existed"".Apart from the similarity with Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition, this should be a genre, like rail-shooters are a seperate genre of their own. The storyline is set and it's plot is fixed. I found it favourable to play this with your xbox controller.I am playing the android version of this game and was delighted to find how faithful the 2 are to each other. It can be found on Google Play for free, but be certain your phone is compatible to play it (many are not compatible).I also found this game an amicable companion to the Batman games we have on Steam, & my willingness to explore this world not only through the main game but the other modes which offer content too. Stirred my imagination.""READ A COMIC"". I grew up reading these comics, I find it interesting how the canon of the comics is laid out in media, like, say;""Lord of the rings"". How it is translated truly or not into media-format. So what is said or unsaid in the game compared to what (we) I already know :-) How many among us have read a multitude of comics on ""Raven"", or ""Hawkgirl"", not many I am convinced. I may have come across them hardly remembering.I have completed the main story. It made me want madly a FULL game of only Flash, only Green Lantern I would even be accepting toward a full game of only Wonder Woman. Like what we have in Arkham Origins; can you imagine it? Or even to the extent of Middle Earth:Shadow of Mordor :-) Put us on Krypton! A full Superman game, growing up in Metropolis, like our Amazing Spider Man games!If dev's read this and were positive on this idea that's the best thing.Note: under correction from a gamer friend; there is a difference with DC & Marvel, though, I am convinced we have all encountered the crossovers.Here is a recent crossover example.When fantastic 4 arrives on PC, chances are many more crossovers will be born.Awesome.Game on"
76561198021651894,Recommended,242700,8576782,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,United_Strafes,"Pick it up on sale and it's a winner. The story is really cool and the fighting is really good, the online is not too fun doesn't seem to connect well. Despite tht playing the AI is still a blast and the story rocks.Not a $50 game but anything under $30 and it's a good deal."
,Not Recommended,242700,10372525,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Mr.Rager,no muliplayer? ♥♥♥♥ this
,Not Recommended,242700,10414048,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,SpareMonk,"I cannot recommend this game to anyone, simply because of the abhorrent nature of its PC port. My rig is middle of the road at this point in time, so I could understand not being able to run it on max settings. That is not the issue here. I can turn every setting to the lowest, in some cases off, and change my resolution to 640x480, and I get 20-25 FPS. It essentially plays like it is in slow motion, and no, that is not a good thing! Luckily I bought it during a sale, so the damage was not too terribly bad. If you enjoy fighting games, be wary of this one. It is a frame-dependent game, which is fine on console, where every rig is the same. It is not fine on PC, where there are many different hardware setups. The worst part is that it uses Unreal Engine 3, which supports frame-independent rendering inherently."
76561198089637739,Not Recommended,242700,10916991,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bork Meister,"Injustice is a game created by NetherRealm Studios (FYI the creators of the highly proclaimed Mortal Kombat)So you would think this is a good fighting right ? And you're right, at it's core this is a magnificent game(A good roster,perfectly balanced)Now let's talk about the singleplayer:In the singleplayer the members of the justice league get teleported to an alternate dimension where superman went rogue and runs a dictatorship, you progress through the story by doing 1v1's with all the characters and doing some minigames along the way. Aside from the story you get the classic modes that yoou can expect in a fighting game(training, arcade battles,local 1v1's)And now the multiplayer:DON'T BUY THIS GAMEThis is a fighting game, so you are going to want to show of your skills with your favorite character, right ?HOWEVER NetherRealm doesn't give A ♥♥♥♥ about this PC-port (yes i have the 360 version) the game just doesn't work.You can find people but you can't actually connect to their games. Now i managed to host a lobby with my friends but after a couple matches the game just glitches and everyone leaves the lobby.(And this didn't happen once)CONCLUSION:Don't buy this game. If the multiplayer worked then this would be a whole different game. But seeing how the modes what you are going to be playing most don't work this game isn't worth the money. Comparing this to the 360 version this is just an all-out SCAM !"
,Recommended,242700,11174615,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,rushwood_16,great game but seams sluggish
,Recommended,242700,8864349,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Paps(),"This is the best fighter I have played in a long time, the Mortal Kombat team outdid themselves, because this is a game with deep complexity in it's combat system. The DC characters have been fully fleshed out each one feels unique and challenging to master. I have hardly even scratched the surface after completing the solid story mode and trying some of the arcade style battles and I know there is so much more to do. I havent been this psyched for a fighting game since Soul Calibur 2. This version includes all the dlc for the game."
76561197992212292,Recommended,242700,7957723,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,TheWarlock,This is without a doubt the coolest arcade fighter I ever played on pc! This is a must have!
,Recommended,242700,8315317,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,shangraf,Just need more online players
,Recommended,242700,8623234,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Volzmir,"[STORY]✮✮✮✰✰[GAMEPLAY]✮✮✮✮✰[REPLAYABILITY]✮✮✮✮✰[GAMEPLAY HOURS]8+ (Considerably more if hunting achievements or playing multiplayer)""Injustice: Gods Among Us is 3D fighting game by NetherRealm Studios featuring many popular DC characters, each with their own unique moveset and powers. The fighting system is a slightly altered and refined version of NetherRealm's very popular Mortal Kombat.The story of Injustice takes place in an alternative version of the DC Universe where Superman has killed The Joker and now rules over One Earth with supreme authority. You play as several fighters ranging from Batman, Green Arrow, Deathstroke, and even Joker himself (albeit another version) along with many others as you go through the campaign. The narrative is very enjoyable and somewhat inspired by plots found in DC Animated Movies.Stages in this game are interesting, containing many interactable objects for damaging and escaping, and some may allow you to knock your opponent into another portion of that stage. Several minigames break up the monotony of the battles, but some of them are hit-or-miss. Success or failure during these minigames will determine how much health you and your opponent will start the battle with.In addition to the single player campaign, there are both the S.T.A.R. Labs Missions and Battles with which you can hone your skills. Achievement hunters will spend a lot of time in this game due to the multitude of unlockables within the Archives. Be warned that some of the achievements, especially ""Top Rung,"" requires grinding out Battles with the entire roster of fighters.As a whole, Injustice is an entertaining fighter featuring some of the most popular DC characters to date. If you can find this game on a sale, I highly recommend it if you are a fighting game enthusiast or even a DC Comics fan just for the story."""
,Recommended,242700,8590384,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Arvid Axelsson,This game is great.
,Not Recommended,242700,10992531,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,myanimelist,2/10 for gun play1/10 gameplay1/1 crap♥♥♥♥♥game wtf no reccommenddd shiiiitttty interface bad quality cant even run on my super windows 1999
,Recommended,242700,8449083,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Time of History,"An enjoyable fighter game from the guys who brought Mortal Kombat into this land, Injustice takes big action to another level, for instance, being punched through the atmosphere/moon/batcave/anything else you can fly into. Thanks to this game, Aquaman is now awesome. Do you really need any other reason to buy it than that?"
76561197996031687,Recommended,242700,8436416,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Stand For USA Anthem,Great game for pc! Campaign was well done almost like watching a movie and multiplayer is fun.
,Recommended,242700,28965699,Posted: 2 January,all,Jeanmev,4 hours of fun guaranteed
76561198008896731,Not Recommended,242700,18112133,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Buddy Thunderstruck,"This game hates keyboard/mouse users.  The combat at least against AI is quite slow and clunky.  Things don't flow together flluently at all.  They tried to make a keyboard mimic a 6 button arcade panel which is painfully unnatural.Even the most basic combo's often involve keys far out of the way all having to be pushed simultaneously or quickly in order while moving and reacting to your enemy.It's fairly pretty, but it's also a simple 2d fighting game with minor map interactions and senseless background destruction that doesn't really have much to do with what's happening during the fight.  I really don't see how it got such high ratings on Steam, but I imagine with a controller it might be more tolerable.I never thought i'd recall Dragonball Xenogears fondly, but DBX had fluent and varied open map combat that worked with either control method and a reasonable storyline.  This pile does none of that."
76561198064581196,Not Recommended,242700,8568251,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,5il3nk1ll3r,Multiplayer mode never works.
,Recommended,242700,12382260,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Tom Schnizz,Wham Bam Boom dude!
,Not Recommended,242700,10907906,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,IGHOR,"Graphics is not so good as Mortal Kombat.And game story is really linear and not so interesting as Mortal Kombat.If you chose between this game and Mortal Kombat, than buy Mortal Kombat."
,Recommended,242700,10358091,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Captain Skelly,"Injustice is another one of my favorite fighting games filled with action, unique abilities tied to the characters, girls whooping♥♥♥♥♥in tight outfits, and superheroes!Take a step into the world of DC Universe and help Superman, Batman, Green Arrow, and many others battle alternate-reality versions of themselves in this fantastic fighting game based straight off the Injustice comic books.Play as your favorite DC superheroes while executing brutal combos, excelent super moves, and breathtaking stage transformations.Stage transformations are when one player has the other in the corner, and when the player presses back+A, it sends the other player flying into another part of the level as well as doing damage. Always satisfying and never gets old.Overall I'd reccommend this game to anyone who's a fan of fighting games and Mortal Kombat (I say MK because Injustice was developed by the same people who did Mortal Kombat).Anyways, Injustice is pretty much what happens when you get a great DC comic series and slap it with video games to make a fighting game that isn't MK vs DC. And it actually turns out good."
,Recommended,242700,23730714,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RamenShaman,a game like comic superhero
,Recommended,242700,17245479,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Lightning Spaghetti,"The tutorial is harder than the story, unless you are achievement hunting, skip the combo section of the tutorialAsides from that, good game"
76561198004397790,Recommended,242700,14228755,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Pvt. Partz,funfunfunn
,Recommended,242700,8458594,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ghost,Bought this game as a distractuion from Dota 2 and wow 3 Hours in and loving Single Player.All your favourite super heros in a nice campaign whats not to like !GHavent tried Multiplayer yet but i got high hopes
,Recommended,242700,12396820,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,sniper0728,I Don't Do Alot Of Reviewing... With That Being Said This Game Rocks! Great Story Mode Single Player Graphics Are Very Good As Well.  Riviting Story Mode Will Keep You Playing Even If You Think You've Had Enough. One Of My Favorites!
76561198071097151,Recommended,242700,8435944,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Russian Crunch,"awesome game, with good graphics and well designed characters :D"
,Recommended,242700,21165282,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,.,Nice GAME
,Recommended,242700,22651360,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,CoffeeBeans,Hit themGet hitRepeat10/10
76561198028539283,Recommended,242700,10486606,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,www.tobiassippl.jimdo.com,THE BEST FIGHTING GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  100 % SUPER !!!!- FULL Gamepad Support even for old Gamepads. no need to buy a 50$ X-Box Gamepad !!!!!!- FULL integrated Backround. You can use many Items and Traps in the Arenas for your Fight- Incredible Special Moves- Super realistic and smooth animated Charakters- Playable Story with Cinematic Movie Sequences- All Fighters can also played in ultra cool Zombie ModeTHIS IS THE BEST MARTIAL ARTS FIGHTING GAME ON THE PLANET !!!!!
,Not Recommended,242700,10694742,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,speegit,It's like Mortal Kombat 9 with super heroes and a lot crappier.
,Recommended,242700,12145027,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,The Pessimist,"do you like mortal kombat?do you like any dc character?oh, you only like superman?well, youre an idiot for liking supes, but hey, we cant all be zingers.game: 10/10 must buysuperman: chugging ♥♥♥♥ from a preteen with his underoos on the outside/10"
,Recommended,242700,13343745,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Swizzer,Good game just needs more people online :(
,Recommended,242700,15285690,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Tosuto,Why does the online have to be dead the day I buy it
,Recommended,242700,12700397,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,johntheissen32,8/10+fun fighting gameplay+awesome dlc skins and characters+kevin conroy batman+awesome evil superman-alternate deminsion storyMy main problem with the story is that there are two dimensions of the story.!!SPOILER ALERT!!In one dimension joker detonates a bomb in mertopolis killing lois lane and superman's unborn son. In this dimension superman becomes a dictator and tries to kill all evil. Batman and lex luthor are in a rebel group because supes is bad♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy now after the metoplis bombing. If this was the only elseworld in the story this would be soo much more cool and dramatic but nooooo the other elseworld (dimension) has to help the insurgency (rebel group) to take down superman. sigh. What im  trying to say is if there was on elseworld this would add soo much more of a cooler story. TBH though superman is a amazing and dark villian which is one of my favorite videogame villians to date.
,Recommended,242700,8055821,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,[A MEX] El Burrito,"If you like DC Comics and fighting games, this game is worth picking up. Comes with all DLC to date (and I'm pretty sure there isn't going to be anymore).If you don't want to fight other people online, there is a full story mode to go through with a DC Comics quality story (which is to say, there is an alternate universe, so nothing really matters). There is also STAR Labs, which is similar to the challenge tower from Mortal Kombat (2011). However all the rewards that come from doing STAR Labs are automatically unlocked already in the Ultimate Edition, so there isn't a whole lot of point to play it, since it can become quite frustrating and doesn't really have much to do with the main fighting game.The hype has died down for this game, but there are still people that play it both online and offline, but there seem to be issues with the online. The netcode is not good, by any means. It can be bearable, or it can be 5 seconds of input lag, followed by frame drops, followed by losing connection to your opponent. The game is no longer region locked, however playing against someone on the otherside of the world is not going to go very well.The game has gone through some significant balance reworks, so a lot of characters are now viable, but the game is very zoner dominated, so if you prefer fighters that are all about getting in your opponents face, you should probably give Injustice a miss.Overall, if you're already a fighting game enthusiast, you have no doubt played many games that are better than Injustice that you should stick to. But if you are new to fighting games, or just a DC fan, then Injustice is very worth picking up, combos are a lot easier to do than in other fighting games since they are less time restrictive. Blocking is simplified; hold back to standing block in one direction, hold down to crouching block in both directions. Forward and backward throws can be broken with the same button. All characters share some attack moves, such as uppercuts, sweeps and bounces. All characters have a character power, which is a gimmick that can be used to help you play that character better."
,Recommended,242700,8509503,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Hexilus,"Great game,Passes the time very enjoyable gameRecommend this game to everyone. Worth the $ 20 I bought itAnd even more"
,Recommended,242700,13266118,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,M a S T e R,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀███████
,Not Recommended,242700,10909603,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Snake Wildlife,"I cant even play this because the controls wont change, they keep reverting and no matter how many times i go and change them, they wont actually work as set in a game.0/10 - Console port, with NO PC control compatability.If you have a Xbox360 controller maybe it will work, but if you dont have a controller. Dont touch this.The worst controls iv ever seen in my life, actually worse then Overlords.Im sure there's a good game here. But it cant be played on keyboard."
,Recommended,242700,24049776,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Larcade,"Awesome game that have a wide variety of combat moves each characterThe story is superb, just hoping for additional characters(Injustice 2 for PC pleaseeee)"
76561198287749431,Recommended,242700,24760440,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,The Metal Viking,i played this game a while back being the big dc fan i am i tried not to dislike it but for some reason i hated it but it was only til a couple of days ago i purchased the game again to give it another try and i really enjoyed it. it is a great game with fluent movement and really good graphics which are still relevent in todays media. please get this game while it is on sale you will not be dissapointed i would have paid full price now that i know how good the game is !!!
76561198021226900,Recommended,242700,8400938,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Smokezilla1,"If you liked Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe, you'll love this title.  Good storyline, good cut scenes, awesome graphics. . . Totally pleased with this purchase!!!"
76561198006844203,Not Recommended,242700,10913486,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AFlyingKangaroo,"Multiplayer never worked so basicaly this is a rip off. Tried technical support for Netherrealm studio and they claimed it was all Warner Bros fault.Tried with Warner bro to no avail. Nothing work, it's bugged as hell and as Netherrealm customer service answered ""they where too busy reading the positive comments from the consoles"" to care at all about the pc port.♥♥♥♥ing thieves. All of them."
,Recommended,242700,11165139,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Aesphix,so this game is a must haveREASONS:1:GREAT GRAPHICS2:GREAT GAMEPLAT/controlls and combos and characters3:GREAT DLC'S4:REALLY FUNN TO PLAY WHIT FRIENDSNOT GOOD REASONS1:it will lag if you dont have good computer so make sure your computer dont lagg much2:online...hackers every where (if youre unlucky)But other than that its awsome i really advice you to buy itwhy i liked it wery much and how i desided to get itTip 1:play it on android/ipad/iphone or what everTip 2:is it good? then i recomend you this version it will get even betterreason for Tip 2:it is better becus you alredy have all the costumes and this one has a better story and more stuff to it (maps and the items in the maps are interactive and you can knock people to other places of the maps/outside batmans mansion = push the enemy to the one wall and beat the crap out of him and he will fly into the building)so every one...start fanboyin naow! XD
76561198019838089,Recommended,242700,13947847,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ducky,Hodor
,Recommended,242700,8519814,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,LewisPlays,only bad thing is it crashes when i go to play online
76561198152316275,Recommended,242700,18826525,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dat Boi,Dis game is good make sure you have a good computer but get it one of the best games i have played
76561198095226847,Recommended,242700,20611948,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Mazmodo123,Would Rate 13\1 best game 2016
76561197960686181,Not Recommended,242700,12174307,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Adam,"I wouldn't recommend this game. Though the multitudes of characters you can choose from was pretty cool and many of their abilitieswere fun to play through. Once you get through the 4 hours of storyline and beat the game, there is basically just challenges to unlock and online play.-Nobody ever plays online.Only buy this game like I did, on the 75% sale, otherwise it really really isnt worth your money."
76561198003121556,Not Recommended,242700,10366362,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Yok,Maybe one day NetherRealm studios will learn how to make fighting games ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)I doubt it.worsethanfightingismagic/10
,Recommended,242700,18076539,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,SQ Vaith,"This game is very well done, combat is better than I've seen since Teken Tag, I mean, there's a been a few others that are pretty good, but this isn't bad. I really love it. First, all my fav DC heros are here and each one has unique skills and combos to master. And it has a story line that is good for helping you find the character that you find most enjoyable while watching a well made plot line. You also got every DLC character possible (because this IS the ultimate edition) and with 90% of the characters coming with available skins from highlighted movies, games AND comics. Giving you a large variety of playable skins. Anyways. I HIGHLY recommend this IF you like fighters. If you have never played one before, this would be a good one to start with. ^_^"
,Recommended,242700,18164158,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kip,"I'm not really a fan of versus fighting games but this was a fun trip down memory lane. It's nice that I can play it on my computer so I don't have to dust off and hook up my Sega Genesis to play it!I think the only two differences between this version and the '90s cartridge are that you can choose between two difficulty settings (the original, Sunsoft-standard impossible difficulty, and ""beatable"") and you have a few different costumes to choose from for the fighters so that's a nice touch to bring this nostalgic classic up to modern times.Thanks to Acclaim and Sunsoft for re-releasing this old school gem!"
,Recommended,242700,21971053,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mad Gaston,"♫""I neeeeeeed a hero, i'm holding out for a hero (un)'Til the end of the night""♫"
,Recommended,242700,13480751,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,JJ Waddmyster,"Really recommend this game, as its great. Would strongly suggest using a controller over a keyboard though."
,Recommended,242700,23512474,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Pringles,You get to play as a Bunch of DC characters and beat the hell out of each other──────▄▄▄▄▄███████████████████▄▄▄▄▄──────────▄██████████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀██████▀████▄──────▄██▀████████▄─────────────▀▀████─▀██▄───▀██▄▄██████████████████▄▄▄─────────▄██▀────▀█████████████████████████▄────▄██▀────────▀████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█████████▄▄██▀────────────▀███▄──────────────▀██████▀────────────────▀██████▄─────────▄████▀─────────────────────▀█████▄▄▄▄▄▄▄███▀──────────────────────────▀████▀▀▀████▀──────────────────────────────▀███▄███▀───────────────────────────────────▀█▀───────────────────
76561198082819515,Not Recommended,242700,29603190,Posted: 31 January,all,Mister Marcus,"This is the WORST port for a fighting game I have ever played.Holy mother of ♥♥♥♥....The main issue is the complete stiffness of controls.AND THIS IS A BIG ISSUE.Don't even think of going into this without a controller - the keyboard mapping was done by someone who never saw a Keyboard in their life... Even when selecting stuff in the main menu you have to press G in order to select something. Hell, when I was REMAPPING controls for the keyboard, I still had to PRESS G TO ACCEPT something!Controler support was not better. I swear, I played games like Blazblue ChronoPhantasma - I was able to pull out some insane combos there in challenge mode.But here - I cannot make a Forward YY, Up A. The HELL?!  I can input insane strings in other games, but here I cannot link 3 buttons?I thought maybe I need to get used to the controls or something. Maybe old age, maybe I just suck. I played Street Fighter IV and managed to pull out moves normally - but this piece of garbage works when it wants. Went to practice mode - tried the combo. Tried timed inputs - works at RANDOM. Tried mashing buttons - also randomly worked! Hell, just mashing buttons somehow managed to be more effective than planning your moves, cause STUFF MANAGED TO HAPPEN SOMETIMES!I am pretty sure this is something that got messed up during the port....I tried giving this game a chance, I really did. But this is impossible to enjoy.Every single other Fighting Game out there manages to have decent controls but THIS THING cannot?!Seriously - never again PC ports from this dev.Just... no."
76561198207925500,Recommended,242700,23473112,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,memin,Nice
,Recommended,242700,23420772,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,no,scorpions♥♥♥♥♥is pretty nice34528367/10 would jack off to Harley Quinn again
,Recommended,242700,28690725,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,J$,"INJUSTICE is one of the most challenging games that I've played before, is really a nice game and a box of surprises for DC Comics fans.PROS:-Hard, even in low difficult or playing against IA-A lot of playable characters-Every character got different movements, powers and skills-Character's suits are awesomeCONS:-Heavy graphics, if you don't have a good PC, you will have problems (I played in a window 1200x700, all LOW)-You must know some things about Injustice comic (I recommend to read Injustice: Gods Among Us - Year 1)(I don't know if this is really a con) -The history is short, because you only fight all time, usually I finish games based in superheros in 20-25 hrs. But this game only took me 10.Awesome game. 8/10"
,Recommended,242700,24527677,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Gabriel of the Shadows,i love the graphics as well as the levels and maps that are available. i really love the movie within the game.
,Not Recommended,242700,20110823,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,InnerDarkness,Игру до сих пор пихают в распродажи... Но она давно мертва. Не стоит брать
76561198040291175,Recommended,242700,15267777,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Chanandler Bong,"Netherrealm nunca falha, o jogo é muito bom, quem gosta de jogos de luta e da DC vai gostar muito! Bem melhor que qualquer jogo da marvel... Unico problema é que abandoram o app e alguns dos unlocks são impossíveis de conseguir sem ele e vice-versa"
,Recommended,242700,15449974,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,MadAxe,"Like Mortal Kombat but Batman is in it! Mortal Kombat is good, but doesn't have Batman! This is clearly the better game!Also, if your sqeamish this is less gory!"
,Recommended,242700,8865411,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Green Arrow,all in all a decent game.. the combat is just like every other dam fighting game where you mash buttons in an attempt to make combos and chains. however the enviroment is used a lot more than just smacking people or throwing. you can evade and move based on whats available in the arena your in  you fight straight or kite and damage from a distance. the story is a bit cheesy with one liner battles but the game is smooth... hard a hell on a keyboard but fine if you have a controller handy
76561198067395920,Not Recommended,242700,32843427,Posted: 26 June,all,Novi Pax,"The game seemed fine all through the tutorial, but my display would freeze up every time I entered any characer selection screen.  I could still move the cursor (I could hear it) but it just looked like I was stuck on Batman every time. I had the same problem when choosing a map. I changed a million settings, as suggested online, to no avail. My computer can run everything else very very well and this was basically unplayable. Refunded."
76561198056914142,Not Recommended,242700,8484116,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,gabriel6937,"Wow..... Just.... Wow..... Lets be completely honest guys..... Why would we want to ""purchase"" a PC game? .... Let us think for a bit.... ONLINE PLAY!!!!!! It is almost useless........ When I just tried to find a match right now the game would crash on me and yesterday when I TRIED to play a couple rank matches either they were SUPER laggy to the point of unplayable or it would just disconnect from player.... Wow..... I am shocked on how developers are so lazy and know that people will purchase but simply DON'T CARE!!!!!!!!! PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS STEAM OR FREAKING SOMEONE!!!!! I am so glad I bought this for 50% percent off at $24.99.... I'm dissapointed as it is for WASTING $24.99 on this game..... I have the one on 360 and it's perfect online there but on steam NO WAY!!!!!!!! WOW!!!! I posted the 360 one on craigslist so it can pay this one off but now it seems as if I'm stuck with a $24.99 loss....... If I can get a refund I would.... You know what I'm going to try now.... By the way I never write reviews like this I just don't want people to get ripped off...... WOw..................................."
,Not Recommended,242700,29499468,Posted: 26 January,all,XVBattlesuit,"yea, don't buy this game, weird compatibility issue with Windows 10. dll missing all day now, used to work great, not any more"
,Recommended,242700,13412834,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Jefferson,Its ok7 DC Heros out of 10 DC heros
76561198280172118,Recommended,242700,30153481,Posted: 24 February,all,Swanky,amaziong game I would buy on sale or not. (best with a controller)
76561198158950578,Recommended,242700,12540060,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Dr. StrangeVlad,"Nice fighting, which continues traditions of Mortal Kombat and Netherrealm with new ideas."
,Recommended,242700,23518052,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Duce,Who else hyped fpr Injustice 2
,Not Recommended,242700,10344187,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Warden,It was fun for like the first few hours then it got stale fast.
76561198392550229,Recommended,242700,32168116,Posted: 3 June,all,UnerringSword,EPIC!
76561198253369984,Recommended,242700,32045326,Posted: 29 May,all,Linust6,"Great Fighting Game:-Solid Gameplay-Massive Amounts of Singleplayer Content-Full Controller Support-Great 1v1-Great character animation, even in cutscenesWould definitly reconmend controllers. Keyboard can b a bit akward."
,Recommended,242700,32026025,Posted: 28 May,all,DAGGS,"The story itself is pretty awesome (the ending feels a little rushed though). The gameplay is great and the port plays perfectly on a PC, I have a pretty old rig and I get 60fps with most settings on high.I'm more of a Street Fighter guy, so never get too into these games (I don't play online or really try to be actually good at it) but I enjoy them anyways, I play them on easy just for the story and to watch the moveset and specials. So even to me this game is entertaining."
,Recommended,242700,16183771,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,William J. Blazkowicz,"This is a very good game. The storyline for this game is outstanding. I love the idea of an evil superman (The Eradicator, Injustice Superman). The story starts very interesting and ends on a unique note. However, the combat could be better. I understand this isn't Mortal Kombat, but why can the heroes and villians do something other than lie on the floor when defeated and it shows some sort of cutscene for the victor. Other than that, this game is very good."
76561198049183091,Recommended,242700,29422694,Posted: 22 January,all,CanisLupus4285,"A slightly over-the-top but very polished fighting game containing the DC comics characters. Occasional running issues where it will drop to a low framerate entirely unjustified, but the game is very enjoyable with many DC characters with interesting and unique movesets, as well as a very interesting interactivity with the environment - I particularly enjoy how the background deteriorates as a result of your combat."
,Recommended,242700,34322422,Posted: 17 August,all,Borderline sex offender,Good game.... It may become boring sometimes... but i like it
,Recommended,242700,33940882,Posted: 31 July,all,Logan,So...Where's Injustice 2?
,Recommended,242700,34111521,Posted: 8 August,all,opulentmink,"really nice game , but the multiplayer its dead"
,Not Recommended,242700,32718101,Posted: 24 June,all,Vex,"I would recommend this game, but not this PC port. Played a little bit of the story mode, seems pretty good so far but the only issues I have with this game are that my PS4 controller isn't being read right and the multiplayer.When I first started up the game, the game read my PS4 controller as a normal Xbox controller, which is what I expected, I can translate Xbox to PS4 pretty easily, but I closed the game and opened it up after a break and the game started to read my controller as a gamestick. Not sure why and it's hard for me to translate numbers into controller inputs since it's just 1-8 or something like that.One of my other friends got the game as well, and we wanted to 1v1. That didn't go so well since I can't invite friends to a private match and we tried to connect to a room but the match wouldn't even start.Overall, I think the game is great and enjoyable, but the PC port is poor and I do not recommend buying it unless you wanna see what it's like or if it's on sale."
,Recommended,242700,12253892,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Jap❤,It's fun when you can find the one other person in the world playing online
76561198112368986,Recommended,242700,14119584,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,JesusClinkzonus,Best game
,Recommended,242700,23783585,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mah name mah jeffff.,ITs very fun at first time and little confusing about the controlling and the story is a bit short (for me)Afterall i still wait for injustice2 to come.
76561198031683272,Recommended,242700,23660230,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Léon  Dimitri,"It's a very good game, and the history mode is excellent. If you're buying it for that or if you have a friend to play along with you, then I'd totally recomend it. But if you're buying it because you want to play online, then don't do it... the port sucks, so most of people, like me, can't get it to work right, and are unable to play it online, unless  there is a friend to play with... and even then it's not a guarantee that it will work (most of times for me it won't). That's the only thing dissapointing about the game, though... I really wish they devs would take care of that instead of just abandon it, like they did."
,Recommended,242700,23871984,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DeStRoY3R,Fun game but it lacks the players i had to stay about 5 minutes to find a player for 1 round the game is worth it if u have a friend with it. Come on people repair what is broken. If u want to play contact me and i will answer when im on :)
,Recommended,242700,24004832,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,• IL • SpicyFlash,Amazing game.
,Recommended,242700,23648479,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,saver_ag,Still much better Batman vs. Superman plot than in the movie
,Recommended,242700,29935951,Posted: 14 February,all,Clone303,"only things i really wish there was: block buttom one you can hold! and that females did look better, take Catwoman she looks far far better/really good in Batman Arkhim games same goes for Harley Quinn but most say they ♥♥♥♥ed fully the looks of them up in Injustice 2, there is both Harley Quinn and Catwoman just uglyPS. just really dislike Batman Suit too in this game X/ just why"
,Recommended,242700,32189699,Posted: 4 June,all,Kombat AllStar,Had it for a while & love the game. Have the Injustice 2 on Xbox One but would MUCH rather play it on PC. So bring it to PC NRS!
76561198098916941,Recommended,242700,29369193,Posted: 19 January,all,XXXRichardspencer,Just use Scorpion's teleport the whole time. There isn't much other characters can do to stop it.
,Not Recommended,242700,17279755,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,El Caballo de la Noche,"Weak as far as fighters go. Somehow manages to be MORE clunky and unresponsive than MK. Visually unimpressive. everything else is an afterthought.You can play as super heroes, though! Yay?"
76561198207812960,Recommended,242700,32988840,Posted: 29 June,all,Varian,One of the best fighting  games out there!
76561198008996077,Recommended,242700,11277487,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Yeddy Splatatatatata,"Don't Buy. It's not that the game isn't great. It is, but having to solve multiple problems manually to get it to work is too much of a hassle for any program or application that requires money to purchase. :D So gl if it doesn't work for you :D"
,Recommended,242700,12615875,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,GameZard,My PlaythroughYoutube PlaylistThe ReviewI might not be much of a Fighting game fan but I did have fun with this game. As a DC comic fan this game have a great story and getting most of the voice actors from the justice league animated series was a great idea.  The only issue I had with this game is that the cut-scenes are pre-rendered and is 30fps so the transition from game-play to cut-scene is very jarring. But even with that issue I would recommend this game to anyone rather you are a fighting game fan or DC comics fan or neither.
76561198275998809,Recommended,242700,33513856,Posted: 13 July,all,Travis,Awesome game!good mechanics and actually fun to play.
,Not Recommended,242700,29329765,Posted: 17 January,all,Messier74,"You know the game, you know it's fun, but the pc version, at least the one they sell on steam keeps crashing, and the only solution appears to be lowering the quality of the image, and turning the shadows off. that wouldn't be much of a problem, but it looks awful, certainly not like  720p should look.Also I recently tried playing online, and couldn't find any oponent.TL,DR: Crashes a lot, dead community,"
,Not Recommended,242700,30202223,Posted: 26 February,all,TuZ-GRF,"Love this game but, the game wont start."
,Recommended,242700,23913244,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,adnxn,This is my FAVORITE fighting game of all time. I fully recommend this if you're into fighting games.
,Recommended,242700,23938875,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,zappingpikachu,"Loved the storyline, I enjoy the extra missions you can do once you finish it. Moves can be a bit goofy, but that is expected."
76561198038384864,Not Recommended,242700,35341982,Posted: 30 September,all,Blue,"Pretty average fighting game. Lots of bugs, wacky controls, kind clunky.Not worth the 17gb download."
76561198048440407,Not Recommended,242700,12945264,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Martian from Mars,"I assume this would look good If i only could play it properly. As an Nvidia owner, slomo and frame skipping make the game basically unplayable. Will it be fixed one day in the future? As is right now, I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,242700,32060936,Posted: 30 May,all,Batman,Spoiler alert: Aquaman drownsGreat game though!loved every moment!
,Not Recommended,242700,35454649,Posted: 3 October,all,Akbar,"Im directly blaming this miserable peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥for depressing me for the past 6 hours.If I could refund this frustrating garbage I gladly would.Also what the ♥♥♥♥ is up with the difficulty setting, why does medium difficulty go completely bipolar.One second the AI goes ham on you with endless, cheap, practically unblockable combos.The other time it just switches off and goes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Lmao no"
,Recommended,242700,29915790,Posted: 13 February,all,̇ṀΘΘƘIΣ Mookie,This enjoyable game works so well with the Comic series (with the same title).Solid controls and an amazing storyline from the single player campaign.
,Recommended,242700,8384410,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Xirvet,"As weird as it may sounds to people, Injustice is my game of the year in 2013. I like fighting games (although being a noob at them) and I didn't expect much from it as I am not a big fan of Mortal Kombat or DC.God was I in for a surprise.It has some very fun unique concepts like how you can use the environnement against your opponement and the way it does it differs with every character (for instance, with a car, Batman will just jump off of it to go behind the opponement while Superman will hit you with the same car) The interactions also are stage-unique which makes stages more than comestic.Ultimate moves can be pulled off easely even for beginners which is a nice touch for noobs like me. Zone transitions are very satisfying as well.The story is very well written, it could easely be a movie and every fight has a purpose story-wise. Also, The Joker has some nice one-liners in it. I recommend doing it in one sitting which will last about 2 to 3 hours. You will still have character-unique endings by going through the arcade mode.Overall, it is worth getting it even if you're not a DC fan and just looking for a fun fighter. It revolutionnes the way fighting games are made and I hope many other fighters like Street Fighter or King Of Fighters get some inspiration from some of the game's mechanics and the way the story mode is made."
76561198065698332,Not Recommended,242700,12956558,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,_IamMike,"This game is unplayable for me. My specs are i5-2500k in Turbo mode, GTX 780 Ti, 16GB ram and its on my SSD. The game just jumps around from screen to screen. I lowered my resolution down to 640x480 with all settings down and it still was unplayable. I am very disappointed that this has not been patched and it would be nice if we could get our money back if they dont patch. This is a horrible port and a waste of money as it stands right now."
76561198143304094,Recommended,242700,23809756,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Buraqq8,Guys lets play multiplayer why there is no player in online mode. Add me to play together
76561198041355850,Not Recommended,242700,16489994,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,S3,multiplayer totally unplayerble but single player works 4/10
,Not Recommended,242700,20280066,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,botman,it suxsit is laggyit loads slowlybatman looks lameeveryone looks lameit sux
,Not Recommended,242700,32172808,Posted: 4 June,all,Wilfrid Wong,Long story short. You really need to have good timing to play this game.Spent 15 mins trying to execute the attack string XYA in tutorial mode. The game never registers my combo. I must have terrible timing issue. And I couldn't even pass the tuitorial. I really should have tried this right after buying it on discount. At least I could refund. Poor Superman against my lousy XYA :-)
,Recommended,242700,7971514,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,jack,"its nice fighting story game , i played it on SP and its good game i like it ."
,Not Recommended,242700,15169012,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,sUfFeRiNg,"Worst Developer in History, patch your ♥♥♥♥ing games... its been 3 years and still you cant get multiplayer to work.Singleplayer is ok but if you order fish and chips, get no fish and good chips, not worthy of a good rating."
,Not Recommended,242700,17815652,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,An otaco,if you like games where multiplayer does not work this is your game
76561198132989076,Not Recommended,242700,15335282,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Keem Star,"Graphics and Connection...Where to begin, I play this game on my PS4 and it's absolutly great, I've spent hours into button mashing and having competitions with friends so it was no suprise I'd buy this for PC. I bought this game for a friend and I and first launched it to find out the horrible graphic difference, the screen acted similar to a static TV making the game turn to pixels and jutter over and over again. At first I was fine with this, a little graphic difference wont hurt but then came the connection problems, It took forever to set up a game with my friend who i also bought the game for and once we got in the lobby every move made was extremely laggy running at 3 frames, this is a suprise since we both have good graphic cards and ram. It got to the point where during our games the lobby would crash repeatedly and kick us from the match as well as turning the screen to junky pixels. I'm very disapointed since this is a game I love to play on my other consoles and I've wasted my money unable to get a refund. Not Recommended if you intend to play on PC."
,Recommended,242700,30722350,Posted: 25 March,all,< 𝓱𝓪𝔀𝓴𝓮𝔂𝓮 >,"Great story, legendary universe."
76561198027417790,Not Recommended,242700,34876712,Posted: 10 September,all,igillenh2o,meh... not so polished as I had hoped. Do yourself a favor and pick up Street fighter IV instead
76561197976312757,Recommended,242700,7776782,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Destyre,"Pretty well ported apart from the online multiplayer which has horrendous net-code. So much lag even with a good connection. This game has a steep learning curve unless you're used to Mortal Kombat style of fighting games (this is made by the same developer after all). Compared to Mortal Kombat, this blows it out of the water. Great game, though disappointingly some key DC characters are missing in favor of obscure characters that no one cares about. Still, it's the best fighting game that I've played in recent years, only getting beaten out by Marvel VS Capcom. This is the only fighting game on steam that I personally think is worth the money that they charge. I usually only play single player so it's ok for me, but if you want to play online, steer clear until they fix it, if they ever do. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,242700,32053695,Posted: 29 May,all,Wingardium,"EDIT:I purchased another NetherRealm game, Mortal Kombat Komplete (2011), which I believe uses the same engine as this game and the problem happened again. I looked around again on what might be the problem and found a post that said either your computer is too slow or you are losing your internet connection. Well, neither of those things were happening, but I decided to leave open my system log while playing and quit the game when it ""froze"". My computer has TWO gigabit ethernet connections on it and I'm only using one of them. However, while running this game, the second one seems to constnatly try to find a network. When it fails, the game ""freezes"" for a few seconds, and then unfreezes. Disabling the second network device in the network devices control panel fixes the issue for Mortal Kombat Komplete (2011) and I assume also for this game.This is just silly. I'm not even playing online, just the story modes, and Steam is verifying the authenticity of the game. The game literally has no reason to be messing with the network cards or even caring about the state of my network.I will repurchase this game after I'm done with Mortal Kombat and update my score. Until then, I don't actually KNOW if this will fix the issue for Injustice.------------------- Original ReviewI bought this cause I love the comic book and wanted to see the story. However, there seems to be a game breaking issue with the game that causes the engine to halt every minute or so for around 10 seconds. The game doesn't crash and as far as I can tell the FPS doesn't drop, but everything just stops then starts again.My rig is not the problem. It's  i7 5960X OC to 4.6Ghz and Titan X (Pascal) watercooled with 64GB DDR4 3200 CL 14 running on a RAID 0 of two Samsung 960 Pro SSDs on the PCI-E bus with an IPS 165hz monitor.It is possibly related to the game pad integration in the game. I tried both the 360 Wireless and an XBox One controller, both had identical behavior. I'm not playing a fighting game on a keyboard."
,Recommended,242700,8626305,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,DirtSquirrel,THIS GAMES IS THE BEST I EVER HAD
76561197999388151,Recommended,242700,21988235,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,chocolatepump,I like this game.
,Recommended,242700,13708488,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Drayg,"I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for Pancakes instead:1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon salt1 tablespoon white sugar1 1/4 cups milk1 egg3 tablespoons butter, melted1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.3.Go to the nearest trashbin and dump it. I didnt tell you that it will taste good."
,Recommended,242700,10203767,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,zigga,4/10 cant play as animal man
76561198134133480,Not Recommended,242700,32524038,Posted: 17 June,all,Kenai,- Bought it for Multiplayer.- Tried 100 times to set up a match with my friend.- Crashed 100 times.- Waste of money.=> Don't buy it if you want to play it with your friends.
76561198020997775,Not Recommended,242700,14093408,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,foldspace23,"Full controller support? I think not. Yes, the game has ported with pseudo-joystick support, and even has a convenient icon to remind idiots they are using a joystick. The problems begin with the fact that this game uses direct-controller mapping, meaning those of us who have invested in programmable pc peripherals, such as the aforementioned sticks or, say, expensive mice and keyboards are sol (excuse my french). Add to this the fact that your expensive flight stick gets direct-mapped to an axis range of less than 1mm -yes, 1 milimeter- in any direction with a deadzone of roughly 2 nanometers -yes, we're now talking the distance between diodes on your processor- and you see where the ""fun"" really begins. Your alternatives are to buy an xbox 360 controller and hope for better luck or try to use keyboard controls that are by necessity difficult for anyone with less than thirty fingers, especially folks like myself, who are trying to get by with just five. By the way, this is the only PC game I have ever played that makes no use whatsoever of the mouse. That's right, my 80-dollar mouse has no function here whatsoever. On the bright side, the game does appear to be relatively gorgeous on fairly decent hardware. This seems to be the pattern with both WB games I have played thus far, namely ""look, but don't touch."" Those of us who even vaguely remember the Clinton years will feel nostalgic. I imagine this could be a very fun game for those of us who own and use the exact controller configuration WB envisioned for the port, or any of us who have already been exposed to radioactive spiders, etc. and sprouted extra limbs. (On a side note, having already received my lifetime dose of radiation, I can tell you useful mutations are unlikely, but rapid aging and unpleasant side-effects are medically guaranteed) In short, this game requires perfect health and  the perfect PC, or perhaps patience of biblical proportions. The rest of us are going to be pulling out whatever hair we still possess. I didn't pay full price for this nightmare, but there isn't a discount steep enough to make it worth my time."
,Recommended,242700,32288145,Posted: 9 June,all,Dark Knight,COME ON WERE IS INJUSTICE 2 FOR PCDO NOT WANT REVIEW THE OLD GAME
,Recommended,242700,26548712,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sloeblob_,Destroyed my 2 gb laptop but it is really fun so beware and upgrade your ram because this game is awesome
,Not Recommended,242700,12168764,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Gerente,"THIS IS NOT LIKE MORTAL KOMBAT. You dont have a button to block, you block like in street fighter. You dont have high and low kick and punch, you have 3 crappy hits and 1 special skills.Amazing graphics, but i get bored after less than 1 hour."
76561198071855161,Not Recommended,242700,32484713,Posted: 16 June,all,Fuhret,"Not a huge fan of fighting games, but a huge comicbook/superhero fan so I gave this a go. It starts off with a tutorial where you're forced to do a bunch of combos and specific moves that I never used again, and despite pressing the buttons immediately I never seemed to pull them off. There's some sort of input delay where you have to press the buttons and directions before the animations finish, but not too quickly! I could never get the hang of the timing and figured I'd just play the game for the story then abandon it. I thought I'd love seeing all of the cool super moves and special abilities but when you see the same cutscenes 2-3 times a fight, each fight, for the whole game, it gets repetitive. I know I've lost a fight but I have to wait for it to play out and watch myself get pummeled by some overly complicated fanservice?If you're a fan of fighting games, especially Mortal Kombat, you'll probably love this because it's basically the same thing with more colourful characters. If you're not and only care about the characters and story... just look up the cutscenes on YouTube and spare yourself the 4 hours it takes to play through the game personally."
,Recommended,242700,23944321,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Japenese Juggalo,"I WILL FIND HIM!!!!!!!!!YOUR'E A MONSTER ZOD, AND I WILL STOP YOU.IF YOU LOVE THESE PEOPLE SO MUCH, THEN YOU SHALL MORN FOR THEM.(SNAPS NECK)AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"
,Not Recommended,242700,32547608,Posted: 18 June,all,I'm that man.,"Some might think I'm prevailing injustice (Couldn't resist.), but this game didn't really aged that well.The story campaign is cheesy as ♥♥♥♥ (...and even MKX was genuinely enjoyable for me.) and not only predictable, it's cheap. Quick-time events?! Aquaman vs. Aquaman?! Green Lantern vs. Yellow Lantern, why not Thaal Sinestro?!Online is dead too....and the graphics. After playing MKX I just can't. Especially not after Injustice 2 got announced. I'm not even that much of a graphic ♥♥♥♥♥, but this just looks wrong and silly at times. Wonderwoman looks like a transvestite on steroids, wich wouldn't be a problem if her name wasn't WonderWOMAN.Tried to finish this for the story, but can't be arsed. Maybe I'll try it again in the future...with more time (to waste) on my hands."
76561198072988298,Not Recommended,242700,18090654,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Crippling Depression,It is worse than cancer on a dog♥♥♥♥♥
76561198006994076,Recommended,242700,8394053,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Micello,Great Fun
,Not Recommended,242700,12182364,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,mbvia,i wish i didnt spend money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,242700,10745960,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,uskro,"I really hope Mortal Kombat X's engine will be optimized. If the GPU is heating up just slightly, the whole game works in slow motion. And I'm talking here about a 2GB GeForce GT640. Not the best but not the worst card either. I had the same issue with Mortal Kombat IX, hoped it will be resolved here. Turns out, not quite. Makes the experience unplayable."
,Not Recommended,242700,13945262,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Dr. Data,"I keep trying to connect with my WBID but the game just stops working right after I enter the user ID, until that's fixed.... not recommended. I'm using windows 8.1 64bits. Tried unistalling and reinstalling and same issue, seems to be game/server issue. Even when I go to the their website, not even their secure (https) certificate is working. So there's definetly a lot of issues happening at the backend there."
76561198048785269,Not Recommended,242700,16950127,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Darth Auhsoj,The online multiplay is broken.  It is a great game but not worth the buy without the ability to play online.
,Recommended,242700,8176202,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,booched,"This a great fighting game for starters,considering how easy and accessible the game is compared to Skullgirls or Street fighter 4.The graphics are good,it runs a solid 60fps like most fighting games. Recognizable characters give this game a Super Smash Brother's feel to it.The game,however,is extremely unbalanced when it comes to online play,and the netcode is horrible unless you get perfect matching connection with your opponent,in which case it is good and very playable.About half of the cast is viable,and the other half is complete garbage.The tutorial is well made and the training mode has some neat features.In other words,If you're looking for an easy fighter to get into pretty quickly with fun mechanics, give this a shot."
,Not Recommended,242700,19758597,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,aszecsei,"Constantly flickers to a black screen. If it weren't for this constant, incessant eyesore I'd probably recommend it - the controls are fun and there's nothing like playing as your favorite DC characters."
,Not Recommended,242700,8448448,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,talk2robby,"Not a good game with a PC keyboard.  I thought it was going to be like DC Universe Online, it is just a fighting game like Mortal Combat.  If you like that kind of stuff make sure you have a game pad.  This game uses the whole keyboard which I wouldn't mind but when there are 6 key combo's that include A+LTAB or A+LShift.  WTF???  Seriously!!  Yah, The video on this game was awesome, I should have done a little more homework before purchasing."
76561198125481362,Not Recommended,242700,19332804,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,epic FUZZ,"2D fighters and I just don't click I guess. Could never get into Street Fighter, Killer Instinct, Mortal Combat or Injustice. Purchase this game  during a Steam sale and within 20 minutes I remembered why I stopped playing this on PS4. Personally I find the game really boring and dull (and frustrating). I don't find the animations that smooth and consequently the fighting looks more on the stiff side.The limitations of it being a 2D fighter make very little sense to me, having started on 3D fighters and preferring those), like how you can't just run towards your opponent (if you wish to do a running shoulder barge for example), but instead have to use a series of forward dashes which slows the pace right down. The use of light, medium and heavy attack buttons feel counterintuitive when compared to Dead or Alive's one button to punch, one to grab, one to counter etc. and Tekken's four limb system and for me, makes it a lot harder to fight fluidly. The lack of side stepping is also a big problem as I use that a lot to evade attacks in other fighters and it just makes no sense as to why you would be unable to sidestep in a fight.Also the story mode is a play once and forget about affair, which if I remember right I completed in one sitting on PS4 before going online. Looking back at that, I wouldn't want to do it again on the PC as there is only one possible ending and zero unlockable charactes (although fighters don't do thhe unlockable character thing anymore) unlike the Tekken and DOA games which limits the replayability. Yes, there are STAR labs missions and new outfits to unlcok, but the fighting feels like a chore to me and the lack of a memorable soundtrack does not help it either. There are stage interactions in every stage made up of environmental stage hazards and transitions, but it gets old fast. The characters also only have one win pose cinematic and voice clip, which again means the game will get old fast.Overall I found Injustice to be an exercise in frustration which reduced to a trophy grind on the PS4 (if I ever played it) and I'd rather avoid going through that experience again on PC"
,Recommended,242700,15766534,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,kirtanloorii,"An excellent fighting game especially if you are a fan of DC  comics. I am not a huge fan of fighting games though, so I don't know how qualified I am to critique this game as a fighter. But I will say that it is a very fun game to play. The only problem I have with the game has been the performance. For some reason, the game runs best if you allow the auto-config to set your graphics settings. If I try to manually set them, even if I pick the same settings as the auto-config, the performance will drop significantly. Otherwise, I found that this game ran perfectly."
,Recommended,242700,12170850,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Monkie,"it's like a playable comic book, the storyline of this vs fighter is fully voiced and very well written, the quicktime events are handled right, for the very first time, i've seen quicktime events handled properlythat being said, it's likely the best DC movie i've seen in quite some time if you loosen your definition of movies just a tiny bit to include fmv's in games"
76561198001948060,Not Recommended,242700,18084600,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Kuragabus,"The mechanics serve well enough, obviously the same as Mortal Kombat, and the levels are interactive, which is interesting. There are also quite a few costumes, which would keep things from getting stale. However, even given all this, I ended up deleting the game files and requesting a refund 15 minutes into playing this. The female characters are all pretty dire, with most of the base costumes being pretty overly sexualized. Even when choosing those costumes which aren't just body-show (which one could claim is out of the hands of the developers as they were simply copying the costumes present in DCs often sexist comics), even the mesh animations (the way the characters move) and their attacks contort the players bodies to emphasize certain areas or are overtly sexual. On the subject of sexualization, I don't find sexual content in and of itself overly a problem in games, nor do I have a problem with the concept of porn, however, it always seems to end up targeting a certain demographic and marginalizing anyone not in that demographic. That is to say it's solely for straight (possibly white) guys, which basically limits who you can play this with."
,Recommended,242700,21116866,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Kesh,Good Game 10/10 its fun And i play it. ITS FUN ASF PLAY IT FREAKING PLAY IT FFS
,Recommended,242700,8667664,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Gani Oyedeji,"This game is a good fighter game, can string together some nice combos, the game looks nice graphically. It is one of the only few fighter games that can really compete with Mortal combat and Final Fantasy"
,Not Recommended,242700,16535294,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,wilcurt,"I'm not sure where all the love for this game is coming from.  I played it for 30 minutes and decided to put it down.  This is the first time I've ever requested a refund for a game on Steam.  It's just not fun in any way.If you have ever played a fighting game, then you've played this.  You're not going to find anything new here.The controls just don't work.  15 of my 30 minutes were in the tutorial.  10 of those 15 minutes were spent on one move: Left, Right + X.  I don't know why, but it just doesn't work.  Must be a timing thing.  Do you have to hold down Left for a certain amount of time?  The game doesn't give you any hints.Fighting games need to feel tight.  The hits need to feel like they're actually connecting.  The fighting in this game is clumsy and is very similar to those Street Fighter ripoff clones from the 90s.  The so-called combo attack system is very weak, when it actually works, which is rarely as the controls are pitiful.The animation is awful.  Something is just wrong about Batman's face.  It's like his mouth is being sucked into a black hole hidden in his throat.  It's difficult to describe, but imagine what a lemon looks like if it were turned inside out.Story is boring... The game just isn't good.  I'm a huge fan of the DC universe, but even my fanboyism couldn't make this game enjoyable.  I wish there was a demo so I could have avoided wasting Steam Support's time with my refund request."
,Recommended,242700,12126047,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,G.zis,it's aight. Got through the entire story without knowing how to use the controls because this game is the most obviously ported game in the world. Don't have a handheld controller? Too bad for you! 6/10.
,Not Recommended,242700,12217820,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,kaelan! meme magic is real,"This game's optimization is non-existant.Jumpy framerate (varying from 0 to 60) even after several tweaks and tricks, at minimal graphics both in fullscreen and windowed mode.Don't even try if you have an AMD dual-core processor. The results should be the same with an Intel one, though...I was really looking forward to this game - once I upgrade my CPU (even though it'sclearly above the minimal requirements) I'll give it a proper judgment."
,Recommended,242700,13789221,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Blades,Great MK-inspired game that satisfies DC Universe fanboys and nerds like myself.
,Recommended,242700,8496300,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Will Max,"Dude, buy it! lol"
76561198021395012,Not Recommended,242700,10928640,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CB,Too Easy
,Not Recommended,242700,18126012,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dark_Meta_Knight,"Don`t  buy this. I bought it at first for 5 bucks to see what is was like, I really liked seeing gameplays of it, and I was really excited.After wasting the entire day waiting, I get to the game. It has a lot of ilumination problems and runs like 5 fps. Really disappointed and waiting for my refund. Don`t waste your money and time on WB Games."
,Recommended,242700,14885270,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jmh1000,One of the best fighting games I;ve ever played
,Not Recommended,242700,14552150,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,KenKnows,"Fun while it lasted, then got bored...Only got to enjoy like 7 hours.Dont recommend to annyone."
76561198059870267,Not Recommended,242700,33873589,Posted: 28 July,all,(RPT)HonestEmber,"If you're the kind of person that's too lazy to fix a broken game yourself, (me) don't get it. It's enourmously buggy and performs awfully. Great game though."
76561198094680524,Not Recommended,242700,11550444,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,DDRIZZL,resolution is screwed up
76561198154370732,Recommended,242700,15307843,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Soviet,This game feels like Mortal Kombat. It looks like Mortal Kombat. But is it Mortal Kombat?I can only tell you to look at the title if you say yes.9.5/10
,Not Recommended,242700,31587323,Posted: 6 May,all,nyx,online wont work
76561198081305030,Not Recommended,242700,12493519,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Daxner,Honestly I would reccomend you this game if online actually worked but online mode for PC is ♥♥♥♥ed up as hell I am just loosing matches only because ♥♥♥♥ing lag and reseting my keyboard settings..Damn this game if it werent great singleplayer experience I would make Ed Boon come to my house and ♥♥♥♥♥slap him with box version of this game...Such terrible port for PC yet again..Why we PC players get this glitchfests as fighting games MK returned for PC was abomination and this is fare no better...Even with easier spamming combos..Dont get me wrong Singleplayer is great story is fine and the fighting in singleplayer is pixelperfect accurate and feels nice but the multiplayer part is just terrible...I had matches where I have lost just because I wasnt the host and host was lagging as ♥♥♥♥..Buy it for singleplayer to honor them but avoid multiplayer from safe distance because synchronization and good netcode is something devs for PC still dont get. Final verdict is 5/10 from me thx to singleplayer portion...
76561198044337926,Recommended,242700,24755090,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SkaRiot,"So uh, mind making the PC port of the sequel?"
,Recommended,242700,25542023,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DaiNer,pretty fun
,Not Recommended,242700,32825554,Posted: 26 June,all,Xx6smokeweedeveryday9xX,"I overall love Injustice. I own the game for PS3 and since making the switch to being a console gamer I decided to buy it as part of the Steam Summer Sale. I can safely say without a doubt that this is a bad PC port of a stellar console game. The framerate, the graphics, the abysmal control scheme, it's a nightmare. I cannot in good conscience reccomend this game on PC. If you want it, get the console edition."
76561198086072155,Not Recommended,242700,10467057,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jester0801,"Runs in ""slow motion"" on many users pc's.  Looked into this issue after finding out my pc had this problem.  It is a bad port of the game.  DO NOT BUY, WILL NOT RUN PROPERLY!"
,Not Recommended,242700,12183998,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Snoopie,"Not on PC.Controls are annoying to set and revert to its default setting without any reason.Game itself is fair, if you like platform fighters, but console would be the way to go."
,Recommended,242700,28298860,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Morty-C137,"Love the cutscenés, very much wow"
76561198190052286,Recommended,242700,28318706,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Drakath,Awesome!
76561198115629280,Recommended,242700,31897605,Posted: 22 May,all,Wflyingv,Awesome game! The sequel is even better!!!
76561198146731171,Recommended,242700,35131421,Posted: 22 September,all,mcfamily2013,"Story is pretty short, but, still a fun game to play years later. The only complaint I have is how annoyingly sluggish Superman is to play.7/10"
,Recommended,242700,32709686,Posted: 23 June,all,Happy Humble Hermit,Lex Luthor looks like Bruce Willis.
,Not Recommended,242700,10185180,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Unco Papa Bird,"At first I was excited to play this game, but then I realized that there is literally ZERO activity online. The game is dead, unless you play private matches with friends. The only reason I would say to buy this game is if you are already an established player on the console version and want a cheap road game for your laptop to practice mechanics and combos on the road. If that does not describe why you want this game, do not bother purchasing it. There will be no further patches and they will not fix the net code, basically 30 dollars down the drain."
,Recommended,242700,35322254,Posted: 29 September,all,Rudy Ravioli,"So far, this is my review of this game.Pros:--Great storyline.-Many heroes and villains characters.-Customizable skins.Cons:--Some characters have poor design.I know it's hard to find an opponents to play online match since today's people didn't play it anymore but that's okay. Overall, this game is great actually. I ever played Injustice in PS3 (not mine but my friend) and I did prefer to play using console but I'm trying to practice using keyboard right now lol. No complaining about how hard to play, it's passion.Sorry for my bad English.8.5/10"
76561198051690131,Recommended,242700,23932405,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,temporarymadness,"Fair warning: I'm a fighting game novice; never been skilled in the genre, but enjoyed smacking friends around as DC characters in a Mortal Kombat-esque style. Other than a way-to-long load time, the game runs and plays great. I'm not a huge fan of the artistic choices applied to some of the player models, but reconize the attempt to align with the MK aesthetic."
,Recommended,242700,12147726,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,«[ČĻĻ]» JAY72(UK),"great game,runs like a dream and well worth the £5.74 in the sale : )"
76561198084702507,Recommended,242700,10990226,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Johnny Tsunami,You fight♥♥♥♥♥♥and you kill bros.
76561198188860625,Recommended,242700,17493514,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Killer Dude,-_-
,Recommended,242700,9684636,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,QoMSoL,Not a bad game but looks like a joke after epic Mortal Kombat. Still try it if you like DC universe. And don't forget to check out the mobile version. Though I did have a complete wipe of all progress in mobile game and support does not refund♥♥♥♥♥♥neither do they restore backup saved games still I enjoyed it for a long time!
76561198140304068,Recommended,242700,21971434,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,michaelsmusicbox,Can't get enough of this game right now. Syncs with my mobile devices!
,Not Recommended,242700,20082948,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,LoafBloax,i just bought this game and when i started it up it starts playing clips of people fighting and its been 20 minutes and the menu still hasnt loaded PLS HELP ME
76561198146406154,Recommended,242700,15869712,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Roli,motal kombat with heroes
,Recommended,242700,15329637,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,GreenRazor,"Oh, God, Please, No! What  a cheap, lazy, crappy, worthless console port. Stay AWAY! The controls are dismal, it's like using Vi to play games."
,Not Recommended,242700,11606644,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Waspus,"This game doesn't work properly.Windows 8 / Intel Core i7 / Nvidia GTX 680mWhen I try to start a fight, the game crashes. When I open it again, it sits and loads eternally. I have tried many things and have not gotten it to work.Fortunately, I bought it on sale for $7 instead of $50.Buy at your own risk."
76561198181905525,Recommended,242700,28962957,Posted: 2 January,all,Red Hood,This is a really good game for anyone looking to find a nice and simple game that can be played by themselves or with a friend.
,Recommended,242700,13473266,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Atlas,"Completed the single player in about 5 hours, felt longer though. It's a brilliant game with satisfying hits and kicks, the game itself lasts ages because of all the levels you can re-play and customise. Overall it was definitely worth the money I paid and the game continues to amuse and keep you captivated long after the singleplayer has finished."
,Recommended,242700,28922110,Posted: 1 January,all,Barathrum,taste mk
,Recommended,242700,10957564,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,krieg213,"this game is no nice, I'd buy it twice......done.."
76561198004626658,Not Recommended,242700,12599618,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,TheCrackerFactory,"It's hard for me to say I don't recommend something that I enjoyed quite a bit, but for all its virtues, I wouldn't recommend you buy Injustice. As a fighting game, Injustice is balanced, well-designed and fun. It's simple enough for a beginner but deep enough for pros. As a licensed fighting game, it's shockingly good. There's no shortage of lousy fighting games that do little more than add familiar skins to a lazily assembled game. Thankfully this isn't like that. The characters movesets are distinct, the combat is satisfying, and the execution of special moves is not overly complicated.But it's also a game that's plagued by some serious problems. The story revisits the tried and true setting of an alternate reality where Superman has become a tyrant. That fits the fighting game mold well, so no problems there. However, the moment-to-moment writing is atrocious. Characters have inexplicable motivations (Catwoman's just helping Evil Superman find Batman so the two of them can run away together!), make out-of-character, creepy, and sexist remarks (Catwoman flirts with Cyborg before attacking him, after Cyborg defeats her, he says ""I'm still turned on""), and at one point, Superman kills a whole bunch of people by blowing up cars (presumably with people inside, they are moving) with his heat vision. Keep in mind this is ""good"" Superman and nobody objects to or comments on this.I could ignore that too for a well-made game, but ultimately Injustice's biggest failing is its multiplayer. This should be the lifeblood of the game, where the majority of my play time goes. But the servers are perpetually down. I've never once been able to connect to someone else for a match. Visit a few forums and you'll find this is a common problem with the PC version that the developers haven't bothered to fix. That cuts a good 75% of the replayability, at least.If you can get the game for around $7 and you're a big comics or fighting game fan, then sure, give it a shot. But I wouldn't recommend spending any more than that."
,Recommended,242700,11281262,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,GARFIELF,i thought spiderman would be in this
,Recommended,242700,10460632,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Kanuni Sultan Süleyman,İts the best fighting game...(9.0)
76561198007920743,Recommended,242700,16204808,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The Giant Bunny Rabbit,fun
76561198088902570,Recommended,242700,16339579,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ch4os_Contr0l,Ive Kompleted The Games Before When This Was On The Steam Free Weekend It Was So Awesome So I`m Planning To Get It Soon
,Recommended,242700,18665441,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Theodor csgospeed.com,I love this game!
,Recommended,242700,16296090,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,cinnamonbuns49,DUH.. this is the best game ever. Good Characters n' stuff.
,Recommended,242700,8312654,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Venetos_,Very nice game. Would bang.
76561198028721484,Recommended,242700,8316165,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kiwi,This game is essentially Mortal Kombat 9 with a DC skin. Quite enjoyable even if you're not a fighting game enthusiast
,Recommended,242700,8500442,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mittens,"Mortal Kombat, but with Batman"
,Recommended,242700,8501556,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,AlahuSnackbar,"Definetly fun, if you're not in it for the multiplayer, then play it for the storyline alone, a controller is preferable in this game tho."
,Recommended,242700,8531366,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,おっぱいマスター4-20,"This game is probably my favorite DC comics games ever. Great graphics, stellar gameplay, and an excellent story. However, whenever it came to character roster, they chose a bit too much from the Batman side of things, I mean there is Bane, Batman, Batgirl, Catwoman, Nightwing. Harley Quinn and the Joker; literally 1/5 of the game's characters. Did they really need Bane in the roster when they already have Doomsday? They could of at least made Darkseid a secret boss or put Starfire in to round out the main Teen Titans. The roster is the only place this game ""suffers"" and it's honestly not that big of deal, just needs a little more variety for the sequel. All in all a 9 out of 10."
76561197992360191,Recommended,242700,8548182,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,robert.ezell,I fully recommend this game this game the story line is great and the fighting is awsome the contrlols are easy to use  game pad support is great
,Recommended,242700,8555687,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bratva,"Good game but...after some hours of playing it an error occured ""Fatal Error video card is not supported"" or something like that"
76561198068189672,Recommended,242700,8562041,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DracoPaladin,"So Much fun. Injustice has replay value, nice-but not intrusive- story, PvP (onlie and local), and did I mention it's fun? However... it lags slower than an aged galapados turtle on morphine in a bathtub of maple syrup. Especially on PvP. If you can be patient, though, it's sure to be worth the cost."
76561198070535160,Recommended,242700,8585025,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,AnthisTyrr,"Well colour me surprised!Here I was expecting to find another run of the mill generic fighting game coasting off it's casts laurels and instead find an incredibly entertaining, well balanced fighting game that I ended up enjoying more than any fighter since Killer Instinct or Mortal Kombat.I can't remember the last time a fighting game actually contained this much story, it really feels more like watching a DC animated film where you get to control the combat, than a typical fighter where there is some half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥blurb before the fight ""explaining"" why these two are about to go at it. It has fantastic voice acting (you're recognize most of the voices if you ever watch any of the DC shows) and a good (if not predictable) story.Overall, if you ever liked the old over the top hit them with a car, punch them through a wall and drop a building on them fighting games back in the day I absolutely recommend this game. It's entertaining, easy to pick up, has some great dialogue (Flash, Green Arrow and Joker especially), and most of all is just plain fun."
76561198087307647,Recommended,242700,8612714,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,soul eater,k
,Recommended,242700,8355289,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,papermtns,"All of my battles seem to be in slow motion for some reason, I tried lowering the shadows, I have a computer that has alil bit above the recommended specs but still every fight is in slow motion. Fix it and I'll recommend the game."
,Recommended,242700,8383454,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Anal Anarchist,its got like cool stuff and its like radical man
,Recommended,242700,8384261,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gyro,"Fantastic fighting game, glad to see it on PC. Although I wished our community was a little bit better, I haven't yet been able to play online."
76561197995497611,Recommended,242700,8384617,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dralix,Excellent story.  Excellent Gameplay.  Excellent characters.  you will get your moneys worth and then some.  The title alone should be a screen saver its so beautiful.
,Recommended,242700,8389589,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,HG | Nate [M],Great game but highly recommend playing with a controller.
,Recommended,242700,8389819,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,<<AggrṏFɫux>>,"This game, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Easy to pick up, visually stunning, and use of enviroment whilst combat is taking place is pretty badass as well. The slowmo bug that happens sometimes is easy to fix, but that's the only problem, buy it now whilst it's on sale!"
76561198009724200,Recommended,242700,8406654,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ByCrom,"Awesome superhero/ super villian fighting game in the style of Motal Kombat. Lots of replay value, and content to keep you playing for dozens of hours if not more. Many types of single player games, and multiplayer as well. The archives will keep you playing for hours on end to unlock everything."
,Recommended,242700,8406747,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Misiogenesis,Is good
76561198015166636,Recommended,242700,8407915,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jaina,"Few things are more infuriating as a PC gamer than spectacular and eagerly-awaited titles like this being rendered almost unplayable by unbelievably lazy console ports. So for those too lazy to read this whole ranmbling missive, the gist is simple: great game, but buy the PC version only as a last resort.Because make no mistake, Injustice: Gods Among Us is an amazing game. Once you actually get into it. Which will be two seconds after launch, for some people.Yet for those who like to view the settings and rebind the controls as the first thing they do in a new game... expect to be severely disappointed as you spend half an hour or more Googling to try to solve some truly bizarre problems.For one thing, you have to have Num Lock on (and a Num Pad on your keyboard in the first place, for that matter) just to use the 'accept' and 'cancel' buttons (that you NEED in order to navigate the menu). Naturally, rebinding the in-game controls does nothing whatsoever to change these menu navigation controls, so if you want to use anything else, you're forced to resort to third-party utilities to rebind your keyboard itself.For another, there's a set of unlocks (in both this and the IOS/Android game) based around linking a WBID account (which is a turn-off in itself for a lot of people). And guess what? At the time of writing, IT'S NOT POSSIBLE to link such an account without a gamepad. Seriously. No idea how or why that happened, but the 'link' key simply doesn't work. No matter how much you play around with rebinding things (needlessly, since you can't rebind menu keys in the first place). Extensive Googling has revealed that the only way to use this feature (and hence gain these unlocks) is to plug in a gamepad. Now that's always a sign of a quality PC port!Even when you do get a gamepad, make sure you have a utility to rebind the keys for it through Windows. Because if you're unlucky enough to find one with those essential 'accept' and 'cancel' buttons in the wrong places, the game will once again only let you rebind the combat controls, not the menu navigation ones.On top of these keybinding quibbles, I've found some weird graphics issues. Now, naturally graphics problems are entirely the fault of my system. I'll accept that. You _probably_ won't ever see any of them. But if you do happen to have the menu cinematic display with unwatchable artifacts that look like an alising issue on steroids, like I was when I first ran the game, then try changing the resolution. That seemed to fix it, when no amount of playing with other settings would.Also, to the truly desperate who use framerate limiters to help prevent overheating issues, be aware that that mucks up this game's internal timing, so capping the fps also results in playing everything in slow motion. Fun!With all that said, I will reiterate that  you finally get into it, Injustice is a great game. And as a single-player gamer in today's multiplayer-dominated world, I really want to applaud the developers for giving us a nice broad range of interesting challenges and unlocks on top of the core campaign. Even that campaign itself, while hardly the longest in the world, puts a lot of effort into being more than the plotless chain of battles with tacked-on starting and ending cinematics that most fighting games provide as their token single-player experience.Unfortunately, you have to GET to that gameplay content first. Which means navigating the truly painful menu. And putting up with the weird way half the submenus have a surprisingly long load delay, often for very little apparent reason.So to sum up: BUY THE CONSOLE VERSION. The game is worth it. And the PC one will bring you nothing but pain, unless you happen to have just the right hardware, input device and control preferences that they want you to but never mention."
,Recommended,242700,8418354,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lethal,Great game
,Recommended,242700,8419885,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ratzofftoya,"I would definitely recommend this game in that it is a beautiful fighting game with lots of great moves and a pretty solid DC-verse story.  Particularly if you're into superheroes, this is one to own.  I am, but unfortunately am awful at fighting games.  So, uh, I am really bad at it.  I lost in like the third match and don't really see myself getting any better.  I'd love to play through the story, but frankly it hardly seems worth it given my paucity of skill.  At any rate, it does SEEM really cool, and all the special moves are dope!"
,Recommended,242700,8421201,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,haybee hiam,"Injustice, ultimate edition features all the downloadable content up to date. You can't get a price like this on other platforms. Fluid, fast and action packed. Oh yes, do grab a friend and two controllers to play this.  4.9/5 stars."
76561197971079018,Recommended,242700,8427323,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Council-of-Joes,"For a fighting game, this one surprised me by having a storyline that rivals most games. The main story involves Joker detonating a nuke in Gotham city and killing superman’s wife and unborn son. Superman goes crazy and the story goes on from there. The story will take players through other dimensions and into other characters. Starting off as Batman and going through the cast, Nightwing, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, etc...Graphically this game will make you system shine if you've got the power to push it. The animations, and combos all look fantastic, and coming from a company that knows how fighting games are done, this one will not disappoint.If you're a fan of the DC universe get this game, if your a fan of fighting games, get this game, or if you want something that looks great in Big Picture Mode, GET THIS GAME.9/10"
,Recommended,242700,8428386,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ghost in a Jar,"MK9 is one of the best fighter games in recent history. Ontop of being extremely polished the single player campaign actually existed. Injustice, made by the same company who made MK9 did it again. Amazingly beautiful stages, well put together combos/moves.Strongly recommend this game - and is semi-playable with just the keyboard."
,Recommended,242700,8555581,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Trueblu76,I am not one that is into fighting games but I love DC and decided to get this because of that and really enjoy it. The story was actually good and kept me going till the end. Now I just need to practice more and get better so I might challenge others and do some of the more advanced parts of the game.
,Recommended,242700,8563851,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ioskeletor,Badass
,Recommended,242700,8587266,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Farrokh Afzooni,Awesome Fighting Game
76561198066933934,Recommended,242700,8648341,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Mythicia77,In a word: Awesome.  A must for all DC and fighting game fans.  I'm hooked!
,Recommended,242700,8668054,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,JEEZUS,"Great game; stunning visuals and awesome gameplay. If you like Mortal Kombat, this is definitely a MUST-GET for you. Slightly faulty with its online multiplayer. This game almost attained perfection."
76561198000791427,Recommended,242700,8730184,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Yuso,This is awful on Keyboard
,Recommended,242700,8779066,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Mungus the Bungus,"Very fun game, just like mortal kobat, with different characters. I reccomend this to anyone that likes mortal kombat games. Amazing 10/10"
76561198079986940,Recommended,242700,8787530,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,encode,Simply cool! Good for a company!
,Recommended,242700,8790634,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,TheLastTimzy,"Fighter games are always fun and this is one of the better ones. Story is excellent, but leaves you hoping for alternative story lines. Addicted to the tablet version as well."
76561198041222086,Recommended,242700,8832559,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Malachai_latte,Probably one of the best fighting games in a long time
,Recommended,242700,7644656,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,In-Active,"a very nice addition to the DC universe and the fighting game genre, a must have!  ;D"
,Recommended,242700,7957990,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","Great controller support - I don't use a Microsoft Xbox 360 controller, but I just plugged mine in and it worked. Didn't even need to reconfigure any buttons.Nice and fast gameplay wise, with a great selection of DC heros. Nice story to go a long with it too, and some really over the top special moves!"
76561198038803657,Recommended,242700,8432247,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,JaguarKhan,"Definitely one of the better DC fighting games. Combos are somehow difficult to execute, however. Single player is a bit short; but the STAR missions, and multiplayer is where it truly shines."
76561198191030426,Not Recommended,242700,18093831,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,cbrau839,"I waited for this to go on sale, so at least I didn't waste too much money on it.Massive download (17.8 GB; over 4 hours).Choppy graphics, at least for me. Think you'd need a dedicated gaming rig to play this. If you have one, then hopefully it's a much better play. But if you don't, and are relying on onboard/generic graphics card then you might not want to bother with this game.Going to have to start trusting negative reviews more."
,Recommended,242700,18109796,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,MikeAndMemes | Gamdom.com,>Plays Lobo>Gives Batgirl The Middle Finger While Burning Her With A Motorcycle>10/10
,Not Recommended,242700,18110952,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Lucy,missing texture
,Recommended,242700,10371326,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Crizen *Trading*,"This game is obsessive ive played the whole game and the story line is great, the controls took a time to get used to but it was worth it. The fighting mechanics in this game are one of the best. Detail to powers and emotions are outstanding... I would give this game an 11/10 its worth £30 let alone 22.99"
,Recommended,242700,16154401,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ΑΛΥΜΠΟΣ,Fun..
,Not Recommended,242700,15977185,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Cuck Slayer ( ͡° ͜ʖ°)ε-︻╦╤─ -,Boring Boring Boring. Poorly Optimized too. Don't buy this.
76561198051396509,Not Recommended,242700,11131753,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,beLqarion,"We can't play this game online due to an issue. WB can't resolve the problem for days and months. Then, only for single player version it does not worth the money you paid and it frustrates the users as the game has more potential.I totally do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,242700,7978980,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,ANTIoldboy,"PLEASE NOTE: I won't get into major specifics, if you want an in-depth review, look else-where, I am not a veteran to the Fighting genre!Very good fighting game, not as great as MK9, but still very good. Storyling is... interesting, but leaves a little too much to be desired. At times the story is truely amazing, but it seems to regularly slow down, and somewhat stutters from good to mediocre. The character line-up is very good, all my favorite DC characters are featured! FPS is usually top notch, but  when you knock your opponent into another map, framerate stutters, and usually stops for a second. minor complaint, but one worth noteing. Graphics look pretty good usually, but Injustice suffers the same fate as MK9, some part of the game look almost 2D and textures smear. Fighting is obveously where most focuse went, which is not only flued, but close to flawless. If it wasn't for the terrible ""Wager,"" clashes, fighting would have been perfect. Basically when a enemy is about to die, he/she activates a wager that is impossible to block, whoever has more super meter wins, not only is it  a cheap way to get 30% more health, if you loose, all your super meter drains away. Super moves resemble X-Ray attacks that are activated when your Super Meter is full. A cool little cutscene happens, and gets rid of a decent amount of health. Sound effects are outstanding, better than most games that aren't even a fighter! Every Hit packs a punch, every movement is percise, and in sync!Concept: Storyline is dull for the most part, but the whole DC character thing is very cool! 70/100Graphics: Everything is pretty well detailed, but nothing really stands out amazingly.. 75/100Sound: Sound effects are outstanding, and every punch you can hear all the bones crunching! 100/100Playability: I recommend only using a gamepad, so it requires having an extra peripheral. Fighting feels smooth and fun though! 85/100Entertainment: Although the campaigne is alittle on the dull side, it's still fun to beat the $hit out of DC characters! 85/100Replay Value: Moderately highOverall Score: 83/100"
,Recommended,242700,8953744,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Endelean,"Really awesome fighting game. A lot of cool characters to pick from. The offline game is definitely worth the money, but don't expect to play this online much. There are so few people playing this game online that it's just stupid. Wait 10 minutes to find a match and when you do it's laggy as fizzuck. At least, this is my experience as a UK player. That being said, there are a lot of interesting singleplayer modes and the S.T.A.R. labs missions to keep you busy. Also a pretty decent story mode."
76561198069409401,Recommended,242700,9011930,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,God Emperor Jesus Christ,"Definately the best fighting game of 2013, had a blast playing and am glad it is on Steam."
,Recommended,242700,9214165,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,EndArixx,its aight
,Recommended,242700,12525890,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,SPyRU,10 x kik back
,Recommended,242700,7831915,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Pixelchanchada,"Fun to play but it gets a little repetitive after a while. Still, its one of the best fighting games available for Steam."
,Recommended,242700,8445833,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Laurgo,If you like Mortal Kombat then you should enjoy this game. Its really fun. My only complaint is that the hero selection could be a little better.
,Not Recommended,242700,18439717,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,BadAss,Game suddenly stuck and hang my pc. I need to reset my pc all the time.
76561198180446602,Not Recommended,242700,18477967,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Damaged Knives,"Sorry, there are way too many bugs, I have to delete this cause of the slow mo bug and the graphicsI turn them as low as possible and they are still bad"
,Recommended,242700,18739117,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,CLWO June3rd,decent
,Recommended,242700,17870046,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Creme,"this game is very fun and the story is very interesting.  the only problem is that i can never find online matches to play so i can only play the battles the game has for single player.  Although they are fun to play, i would like to be able to play other players as well. Rating: 9/10"
76561198132859692,Recommended,242700,19483446,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Astley is Bae,fun game but its like mortal kombat but less combos and less violence so its not as good as mortal kombat. If you can't or don't want to for whatever reason play Mortal Kombat this game is still worth.Buy mortal kombat
,Recommended,242700,14674850,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Floppy Salmon,Awesome Game. Nice graphics 2! ONE OF THE BEST GAMES OUT THERE
,Recommended,242700,10369436,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Jakkalas,"If you can get it for under $10, it's worth it. It's fun, and also very cool to play with superheroes and villians."
76561198137568774,Recommended,242700,23831323,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,iangtrbeca,Great game. Lots of value if you get it on sale - from getting to play 30 different characters to hundreds of STAR Labs missions. Best if you can play versus with a friend.
,Not Recommended,242700,24755171,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,pepincity,"I'm not interested in the theme, the gameplay is too similar to Mortal Kombat 9, which is cheaper and just as good, and the PC port is really bad when it come to indicating what the controls are.The controls suck with both a controller and a keyboard. With a Xb360 controller, i was always jumping unintentionnally. And with the keyboard, They won't tell you what is the Start button to open the menus. and instead of telling you the directions you should press, they tell you the letter to press, which is confusing. example: the move is forward-backwar-light attack; the prompt wont be shown with arrows, they will show D-A-G; and that's just confusing.There was no care in the port."
,Recommended,242700,8748711,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,iamshowbiz,"Pros:- High replayability- Provocative cutscenes- Exotic Mortal Kombat sidebar fighting styleCons:- Unrealistic In-game physics- Short campaignInjustice Gods Among Us: The Ultimate Edition has a lot going for it. The game provides its own thrilling and curious story that leaves the player wanting more. Although the storyline isn't extravagant and long, it always places the player in action. The campaign runs through cutscenes. The cutscenes may last one minute or they may last five, but in between these simply amazing movie-like visages, the player gets to pit one of 28 different super heroes both good and evil against eachother in a Mortal Kombat style. Each character has its own super ability that is absolutely awe-inspiring. If you are a person who loves nailing down mechanics and beat the hell out of Soul Caliber back in the days of Nintendo, then you will love getting to know this game inside and out. On the other hand, if you don't understand the game at all, I would advise button mashing if your controller can handle all the rage! Either way, the game is an excellent buy especially due to the extra content, multiplayer moders, collectibles, and the online pvp matchmaking. The only criticism I can all but shrug about is the over-dramatic use of the environment. There are several pieces of the environment that can be used to fight with, throw, and smash your opponent into an oblivion, even in some cases, send them off map to a new playable area. In this case, the physics of these events are completely unreal especially when watching the Arrow, who has no superhuman ability at all, completely pulverize Superman this way. It is also interesting to see a parallel universe in which Superman is not illimunated as the protagonist, but instead, the exact opposite.Bottom Line: Injustice adores and amazes and if you can afford it, this would be among my top choices today. There is an abnormally large amount of content both single and multiplayer and it really shows the darkest and lightest nature of our beloved super heroes, or villains. Take your pic. 88/100"
,Recommended,242700,22011602,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,FruitPunchFred,Fun game but it seems like theres a bit of a delay after pressing a button. maybe its just me
76561198026153231,Not Recommended,242700,21750772,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Commander Artanis,Poor pc port.
76561198069458312,Recommended,242700,22520718,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Errkiteer,It aint super smash but whatever
76561198242330084,Recommended,242700,22206101,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nemo,This game is fun because you can be all of the favored DC comics charecters pluse scorpion. If you want to play  quick game this is it. Its fun to kill time with and to play agianst your friends with.
76561198261206792,Not Recommended,242700,19836800,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Tag,terrible graphics
76561198049334805,Not Recommended,242700,20193274,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DV8,"Single Player Good , controlls unresponsive"
,Recommended,242700,10417330,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,The Perfect Nobody,This game is brilliant. i really love it.
,Recommended,242700,10424248,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Storm Elite,"The best fighting game I've ever played. Everything works exactly as it should. Controls are fully responsive, combos always work but can be changed up as desired, so lack of variety isn't an issue. This game has single-handedly turned me from hating fighting games to loving them, though after playing Injustice, I'm not entirely certain I want to play anything else the genre currently has to offer.Pros:- Awesome voice acting, especially the Clash quotes, which are fun, creative and varied- Fun and creatively designed special moves, combos, and finishers- Short but sweet story mode- Solid tutorial- Plenty of things to unlock even playing single player after beating the story mode- Great animations, in terms of both speed and graphical feedback accuracy- Fun terrain-based attacks, which add to variety and can be added into combosCons:- No one is playing online on the PC version, so I assume it isn't cross-platform multiplayer, but honestly, I'm having fun just playing single player, as odd as that is for a fighting game, so this doesn't spoil the experience for me, and if I ever get a home console, I'll be grabbing this title first thing"
76561198071343567,Not Recommended,242700,19310420,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Sam B,"Bought this for me and my friend, could not connect to eachother no matter what we did. For multiplayer...don't bother."
76561198221931552,Not Recommended,242700,19410509,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pepsi Or Coke,Dont even bother
,Recommended,242700,15505496,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,diss</3,"Amazing fightning game. The game allows you to pick heroes and villians, singleplayer is fun aswell, you need to stop the evil Superman from destroying the planet. Also has mutliplayer where you can face other players in 1v1 action."
,Not Recommended,242700,10376607,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,-[FF]-,all those character moves are just to random
76561198324486761,Recommended,242700,25595150,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,bladekiller2373,Love it Can be Superman and who doesnt like to Whoop Batman's♥♥♥♥
76561198120540428,Recommended,242700,32094127,Posted: 31 May,all,Spreelly,is fun
,Recommended,242700,14380172,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Eyrie,its alright but this isnt a game to kill your time on
,Recommended,242700,10369658,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nadavz,"Very fun to play with friends, but the game has some multiplayer issues"
,Recommended,242700,12190868,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Plouton,DADADADADADADADADADADA BATMAN!
76561198093922540,Recommended,242700,17058422,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,sup yall its me its ya boy asmon,"Very Awesome game, i also like that u can link ur ios device to your steam and complete missions on pc to earn rewards on ios9/10"
,Not Recommended,242700,32742221,Posted: 24 June,all,Simon_says,"So despite having several hours on the game, it's stopped launching, and I don't give enough of a♥♥♥♥♥♥to troubleshoot and get it to lauch again.It's a compinent enough game, and if you like these kinds of fighting games, you'll probably dig it. But if you're like me, and you don't have the patience for remembering combos like it's a part time job, then this won't change our mind. I'm a comic fan and heard good things, so I thought I would check it out, but the game didn't do it for me.The combos only seem to register half the time, probably because I haven't played the game enough, but I don't want to play a game for ten hour before it becomes fun. So I gave up and turned it down to easy so I could just watch the nice animations and voice acting.If you like this genre, read a different reveiw. If you're like me and this isn't your usual sort of game, save your money and watch a let's play or cutscene compilation on YouTube."
,Recommended,242700,32692736,Posted: 23 June,all,Ezelf,SO DAMN GOOD
,Recommended,242700,24326457,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Deathlok,mk but batman
,Recommended,242700,14449291,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SpencerPCGamer,AMAZING JUST LIKE CONSOLE WITH:BETTER GRAPHICSALL DLCAND ALL CHARACTERSAND ALMOST ALL PCS AND LAPTOPS CAN PLAY IT
,Not Recommended,242700,30954402,Posted: 4 April,all,Alpacalypse,"I'm a DC fan and am still watching DC animated movies, but I really dislike Injustice. I hate the lack of fluidity in movements; it's like playing a 1960's fighter game but with contemporary graphics. The movement is painfully clunky, it's insufferable, to be honest. I've seen Injustice 2, and sadly I still have the same impression: just improved graphics/cutscenes. Also, I think this is just me but, the ultimates are a combination of surreal and underwhelming: for instance, Flash'd circle the globe just to land one punch with very minimal impact. a punch with 20 billion N of force, and what? a broken crate? lol. but I like the use of environmental hazards, that's awesome. keep it. Maybe take a thing or two from successful franchises like Tekken or maybe even use a 3D space like Naruto or DBZ games."
,Recommended,242700,13434101,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Vikings,This game type is a bit dated but its still very fun.
,Recommended,242700,15434915,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Drago.,"Very great looking game!Fighting system like Mortal Kombat ( in my opinion ) but not so brutal.Story is OK but i tought something is missing.Also this game is for people how have not played much fighting games,wasnt hard."
,Not Recommended,242700,10401980,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,M4Roulette,"Horrible console port!!  Game play is impossible on a keyboard, makes no use of a mouse, your left hand is going to need carpal tunnel surgery just trying to finish the tutorial.  Maybe with controller it might be better, but I won't waste the time trying.  Don't buy!"
76561198007866915,Recommended,242700,31422178,Posted: 28 April,all,Dahaka,"I go back and play this game just for the story as I don't care for the clunky fighter aspect of it. Sure it's fun in small doses, but the gameplay is sloggy, with characters feeling like they've got two sets of cement shoes slowing them down. I wasn't a fan of the Mortal Kombat style gameplay for this type of series either as it really doesn't let heroes like Superman or Shazam or villains like Black Adam or Deathstroke fight the way they should. Instead it qualifies itself by saying everyone got a super serum to make them durable like Superman so now everyone is the same...pretty stupid, but whatever.Each hero/villain has his/her own fighting style, which is cool, but when you do their big ultimate move, people like Zod should just obliterate pretty much anyone else regardless of a serum or not.Unlockable content through gameplay is pretty weak, consisting mostly of art and stupid backgrounds for your ID bar for multiplayer. Yawn.There are very few alternate costumes and you unlock characters simply by playing through the story mode.Overall this seems like a very amateurish attempt at a fighting game despite the developers having done Mortal Kombat prior to this. It's like they didn't feel the need to update anything that was wrong with MK to make for a better experience in this game.Get it if it's $5 bucks or less or you'll regret it."
,Recommended,242700,11340983,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[GWFs] GreatNose,Great fighting game if you are into DC comics or just want a fun fighting experience.
,Recommended,242700,24452067,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,植物シスター,This is so ♥♥♥♥ing fun
76561198108500956,Recommended,242700,32967194,Posted: 28 June,all,BlackPaul,Excelente jogo!!!
76561198111552976,Recommended,242700,15545376,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Evan Jemima,This is a pretty solid fighting game.Its basically something like mortal combat but the dc characters make it feel like a new expeince and the ultimate edition having scorpion as a character made the game just the more awesome.  The level transition attacks can get repetitive but if it isn't sometimes nice to watch the horrible crap that the opponent (or you) go through.  The super moves are probably my favorite part of this game because it makes me think of the smash bros games with the final smash.  This is a great game if your a fan of mortal combat but get bored of the characters or you like dc comics.Over all about a 8.5/10
76561198158436804,Recommended,242700,24543057,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Paul,Just w8 for Injustice 2.
,Not Recommended,242700,10521969,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Hip Whip Girl,"I don't know why I am surprised I don't like this game, it plays just like a mortal kombat (slow and clunky!) if you like MK games then this would be a good purchase; however, for my taste I prefer a fast-paced/smooth fighting game not a chunky monkey in super hero outfits."
,Recommended,242700,32033774,Posted: 28 May,all,Synced,Fun fighting game to play with friends
76561197962044720,Not Recommended,242700,13682287,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Toxie[DDZ],"Good Graphics, however this is such a POOR console port that I think it should come with ""CONTROLLER ONLY"" warnings.You use T U and G for attacks, and its very cramped for use on a PC keyboard. The keys are not remappable, and the game doesnt even RECOGNIZE the mouse or PC key controller (so no usb support unless it's a controller).You cant even use the mouse on the titel screens.PASS PASS PASS."
,Recommended,242700,13862588,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA  !!,Ora Ora Ora Ora
76561198163606224,Recommended,242700,15774338,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Stromboli Master,sadly this is a good game but it is pretty bad there are no good cut scenes or godd ANYTHING!
,Not Recommended,242700,17650396,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,MJ (◡‿◡✿),"Completely unplayable and a total waste of $4 on sale.This is the first game I've had any difficulty playing on this computer. Load times are atrocious, characters move in slow motion, and anything beyond practice mode takes eons to get to navigate to and load (usually unsuccessfully.) But even in the rare moments where Injustice worked, the game was gritty, garish, and boring. Hyper-detailed costumes and backgrounds don't make up for a surprisingly minimal number of characters (no Black Canary? Really?), and the occasional move cut scenes don't make up for a limited range of unique moves. Maybe smoother play on a console makes this game likeable, but as it functions on Steam it's just not worth bothering."
76561198092864283,Recommended,242700,18068837,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,General Pinochet,This is a Great game but there is Hardly anyone online but i reccomend that you still pick it up if you have Friends to play with 4/5
76561197985584715,Recommended,242700,12207837,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Siruss,"I'm a ""fan"" of fighting games. But I like to play against people. Usually friends. I bought this thinking I could go online and beat some people. But there is NO MULTIPLAYER. There ""Is"" it's just people don't use it, and if you have ANY lag, gg. Single player is AWESOME though. Just gonna make a list, keep in mind it's pro/con to ME and my likes/dislikes/style.TL:DR=Buy it for the single player if you can get it on sale or have someone to play with (on the same machine).Pros:1) Graphics are tops.2) Combos/moves are pretty fluid.3) VERY VERY VERY good single player story. ~6hr long, but very good! The fighting scenes were put in the right places, and were necessary.4) Voice acting also tops.5) All of the Ultimate moves are ""pretty decent"" to ""WOW THAT'S AWESOME!!!""6) They didn't try to bog you down with super difficult fights. If you kept losing, the difficulty would get so easy the guy would just stand there and take the beating.7) Challenges are fun. Reminds me a little of the extra game modes from the Batman: Arkham games. Entertaining but probably really appeals to the people with OCD and HAVE to complete it.Cons:1) Input issues. With a controller you can only use a D-pad. So a keyboard might work fine? Not really. Sometimes my character would move as if one of WASD was held down. Had to his ESC, bring up steam overlay, hold down the opposite key of the movement, go back into the game, go to controller settings, and sometimes repeat it just to fix the problem.2) I feel like the difficulty would shift. When I reached a level where the fights were challenging enough, it would get super hard the following fight, I dare say impossible. I would get juggled so hard I wouldn't hit the ground until I had 1/4 health. Felt like if the CPU wanted to beat you, it would just stomp you. Against a machine that just seems unfair.3) While the ultimates are nice, they are 10-15 seconds long in some cases. There might be 3 per fight (2 for one person, 1 for the other). and then you fight that person twice, so that's a lot of time spent watching the same 2 ultimates  6 times in ~3 minutes.4) Too many key combos. Some global things like level transitions, blocks/counters, etc should be universal. Once the game didn't have any multiplayer value, it was pointless to learn all the moves on the list.5) Multiplayer is horrid. Nearly impossible to find a game, and if you have ANY lag at all, it's GG."
,Recommended,242700,33611589,Posted: 17 July,all,ryanjs1020,"This is, in my opinion, the best fighting game to be released for pc. The story mode is exellent, one of the best i've seen in a while. The combat is smooth, and while its easy to learn it there is plenty of combos and strategies for each character so higher up players have lots of content to experiment with.But, if I had to pick a favorite thing about this game, it would be the arrow skin that comes with the ultimate edition. BEST SKIN EVER!!!!!"
,Recommended,242700,16255014,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Alternate Machiko,this is a great game all that i asked for
76561198180424133,Not Recommended,242700,25108851,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Barack Osama,This is bad game because port was bad and computer is potato and i don't know how to combo.
,Recommended,242700,33719183,Posted: 22 July,all,zacky123454,"The best superhero fighting game,, Nice animation, design, enviroment, combat system, character, and more,,Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,242700,21559281,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kaymazing,I'm an only child so i don't find it interesting.But if i find friends that have this game i would like it better.Overall I really liked this game.Forever Alone.;(
76561198041842498,Recommended,242700,15263162,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Pooltastic,"I am getting a serious feeling of Deja Vu. I mean, the problems with the MK9KE PC port are perfectly recreated here:1. Choppy♥♥♥♥♥framerate on mid-range systems. Fiddle away with them graphics options.2. Non-mappable menu navigation keys.That said, all the good is here, too:1. Fun, accessible combat. A mix between MK and Blazblue, with crazy stage transitions making a return from MKvsDC2. Great story, involving some of the most iconic DC characters. Except this time, you can actually go back and replay individual chapters. Finally.3. Great range of characters and costumes.As always, the multiplayer community is all but non-existent, but that is not the game's fault. The S.T.A.R. labs aren't quite the Challenge Tower, but they are fun and varied. (Spoiler: the reward for completing all missions on 3 stars, a Flash skin, is already unlocked here. Just keep that in mind)If you love fighting games and DC comics, then - small flaws aside - this is as good as it gets."
76561198334185447,Recommended,242700,25937668,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ridley,This is one of the best games ever
76561198044443837,Recommended,242700,16769695,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Leronira,INJUSTICE: GODS AMONG USLeronira's Rating Scale:Absolutely fantastic experience.Definitely worth playing.Enjoyed it.It was somewhat okay.Avoid like a cancer.
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,242700,21729771,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Crisis,"This game I don't know why I ever got this game.it's boring combat is boring, story is boring.I found the game well boring.and I am sure there are poeple that will like this game but I am not one of them.I found the combat slugish. and did not seem to go smooth,there was not a good tuturial, and well let's face it,I am not really a superhero fan.I suggest you only buy this game if you like superhero fighting games.Just fair warning the story is short. really short."
76561198030849838,Recommended,242700,16462520,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The King of Bees,Superman OP
76561198127764487,Recommended,242700,30079864,Posted: 21 February,all,ujast,"Hell of a fun! Buy the game, totally worth it"
76561198169982619,Recommended,242700,30096875,Posted: 22 February,all,lewis.adams2006,its hard
,Recommended,242700,19162546,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,242700,10369678,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Billy Loomis,"Great game, immserive, smooth fighting system, and gets more fun the more better you get at it. The experience is about 3x better with a controller preferably xbox 360. With Ultimiate Edition you unlock more skins and characters and really gives you more to see and do. Highly suggest buying this, especially on sale it's super cheap."
76561198143912536,Recommended,242700,31865770,Posted: 20 May,all,CaPt Cr0NiC420,Its a really fun game sucks the second one isint on pc looks really fun
,Recommended,242700,31108269,Posted: 12 April,all,EldeonROSE,Nice game.
,Recommended,242700,29829756,Posted: 10 February,all,Hamsterrr,Really fun! I love this game!
,Recommended,242700,34149812,Posted: 10 August,all,"Ayden ""The Spookster"" Burgers","A little old, graphics lacking a bit in color here and there, and default keyboard controls are a little awkward (Stuff like G for confirm and 4 to pause) but that doesn't matter at all next to an awesome cast of characters and some great and original gameplay, I haven't seen most of the mechanics I see in this game anywhere else, it's really amazing! A controller is recommended, and remember that multiplayer can be pretty slow to find a match (Though I have a feeling the current sale will help to fix that a little.)Everything considered, 9/10"
76561198354428202,Recommended,242700,34183675,Posted: 11 August,all,Adolf Hitler,itsa amazing game
76561198199163193,Recommended,242700,34171568,Posted: 11 August,all,Speed Wagon,but no players on online
,Recommended,242700,10465921,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,RyuseiHikari,IT'S FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY@
76561197971398036,Recommended,242700,10485659,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,aidydas,this is how story driven games shoul be
,Recommended,242700,15784577,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Just For Us,awsome game but it lacks people
,Not Recommended,242700,13207770,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Supa_Kappa,"Completely broken netcode if you live outside the states. Can't even match into a game. Story is okay but serves as more of an introduction to all of the characters.There is singleplayer fun to be had, but the lack of online just makes me not want to engage with it.Avoid."
76561198135350365,Recommended,242700,12255809,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Tricky Assassin,great game great grapics but strange storyline but just a great game only you need a very!!!! good grapic card ;)
,Recommended,242700,27376405,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WooWoo Cuwucuwucuwucuwu,Nice
,Recommended,242700,10380453,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Psylent,"Really fun game, it's a bit more family friendly than mortal kombat but maintains that style of gameplay with some very awesome graphics and fun moves. Hope to see more like it in the future."
,Recommended,242700,13577605,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dem0nFlare,"One of the better fighting games for pc, lots of caracters and all the moves are different, so it takes some skill."
,Recommended,242700,17452498,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Flornost,My favourite fighting game. It is goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
,Recommended,242700,34229362,Posted: 13 August,all,Pupile,Good fighting game
,Not Recommended,242700,30231282,Posted: 27 February,all,Highlander,"I would tell you what I thought about the gameplay, but I never got to it. The game freezes on the title screen and does nothing. Unplayable."
76561198353924289,Recommended,242700,31925213,Posted: 23 May,all,Da Doggo Strikes Again,Amazing
,Recommended,242700,16505808,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tidgem,"Fantastic game! Dont buy this game if your stupid, like me. I cant memorize all the different buttons :)Other than that, its very good!"
76561198034023284,Recommended,242700,30227253,Posted: 27 February,all,Innapropriate Touching,Purchased for 5. Great for fans of fighting games and the DC universe. Dont know if Id pay 20 but it was completely worth it for 5.
76561198251494740,Recommended,242700,33905773,Posted: 30 July,all,SonicBoy hellcase.com,i like it!
,Recommended,242700,20123148,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FluffyRanger,This game i very good and if you like super heros the buy this game.
76561198125269735,Recommended,242700,14100790,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SM CSGOatse.com | Farmskins.com,"Another masterpiece from Nether Realm, the studio that made Mortal Kombat. The story is amazing. Never have I play before a fighting game like this. The graphic, it's facinating. The combat mechanics is amazingly made. There's even a workable online lobby to fight with other players around the world. There's even a REAL spectator lobby for you to watch your friends or other players fighting in online lobby. You can play this for countless of hours. So, what I simply mean is ""Go and BUY IT NOW!!!"" 9/10"
,Recommended,242700,30340960,Posted: 5 March,all,Carlos Danger,"I bought this game originally hoping for a sacralicious good time playing as multiple Gods of different religions kicking each others teeth in in order to harvest the souls, energy and idolization of the human race: a race of monkey's that through evolution and use of halucinegenics became hyper intelligent beyond all other animals. Once slaying other all other Gods you can not only feast on the life force of all humans, but make them ritualistically worship you for their amusement forcing them to do everything from mindlessly sing hymes to your existance in pure bored devotion to laugh at them mindlessly doing this despite every instinct of their existance saying not to, to committing ritualistic murder in sadistic ways to entertain you while you feast on souls, to committing depraved sex acts in order to capture sexual energy and create an IRL Porno running 24/7 for your amusement. Blasphomey at it's finest!Instead I got a game where you play as DC comic book heros kicking each others teeth in with Mortal Kombat mechanics fighting for.... Reasons? I kind of forget why they were fighting. Something about good and evil or something but Superman is evil now? I don't remember. It was a good game mechanic wise thought. Better than MK9, not as refined as MK X. Story was kind of crap but who plays a fighting game for story. I mean Ares is in it so it had a little bit of what I was hoping for.TL:DR? : A very poorly named game that can seem overhyped if your expectations are not set approprietly. As long as you know you are going in for solid fighting gameplay with a sub par forgetable story you will not leave unhappy."
76561198071698217,Recommended,242700,29807760,Posted: 9 February,all,Lyle,an awesome unique fighting game ever created. this is one of my favorite games of all time and i highly recommend it for hard core fighting fans.
,Recommended,242700,21197339,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Lake333GLD,Best 3D fighting in a Mortal Kombat style.+Cool game modes.+ Impressive gameplay.+ Great graphics.+ Good Story Mode.+There are so many characters from DC Comics (and a scorpion as a Guest Star).+ Batman VS Superman :)- Not comfortable menus.It is a very good game.9/10
,Recommended,242700,31741342,Posted: 14 May,all,MrAgLi,DC is love. DC is life. I'm biased.
76561197992025358,Recommended,242700,29246323,Posted: 14 January,all,= ( e ) = Cable,I punched Black Adam through a wall.10/10Would punch Black Adam again
76561198310330443,Recommended,242700,33187560,Posted: 3 July,all,Rice Gamdom.com csgobounty.com,good game
,Recommended,242700,35367310,Posted: 1 October,all,Jason todd ( Robin ),"This game Has to be the greatest Fighting game Ive seen , The grahics , And espcially All the chapters Are Amazing!"
76561198308779205,Recommended,242700,35363158,Posted: 30 September,all,John Alexander,Nice
,Recommended,242700,27574177,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TKW <3,This game is awesome and cant wait for the next one. So much skill and effort it takes to be good. All the strategies you can use and all the heros you can play as. Its definitely a yes
,Recommended,242700,34939401,Posted: 13 September,all,DDBBVV[ZOMS],"Five out of five stars. Honestly, I like this one more than the sequel. The story is more interesting, exciting, and iconic. The music is a bit better in the sequel but it's still really good here. The mechanics are addictively good. The art, while nowhere near as polished as the sequel, seems to better understand the art style that makes the comics sell like hotcakes. All in all they're both great games but in my opinion this is the better of the two."
76561197960406089,Not Recommended,242700,13094127,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Johnny,"DO NOT buy this game, the multiplayer does not work and the devs have no interest in fixing it.Which is very dissapointing because it is a good beatemup otherwise."
76561198024933531,Not Recommended,242700,13124637,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,T}{E,"The controls are terrible and the combo timing is horribly unfriendly. How is it Capcom was able to make fighting games 20 years ago that were fluid and responsive and these yahoos still can't figure it out?I have been playing it on medium difficulty- Well, ""playing"" is being generous. More like having my rear end handed to me in almost every match because the computer doesn't have to slog through terrible controls and can react faster than my character on screen can animate the move I told it to do. Hey developers- it's called a difficulty curve for a reason- the game starts off easier and gets progressively harder. Also, medium difficulty should mean that someone with experience in the genre can pick it up fairly quickly. Frustration is not fun- why is this such a difficult concept for game developers to grasp?The graphics look beautiful- provided you have a very high end video card to run it. Anything less looks like crap. I don't know how, since almost every other game I play looks prety good, but in order to make this game run fluidly I had to drop the resolution and turn down most of the antialiasing. The game ends up looking like an original xbox game.Fortunately I bought it on sale, but I could think of many more useful and more productive things I could have done with that money, including setting it on fire and using it as toilet paper. Also, 20 gig of space- what the frak? What in blue bloody blazes are they using 20 friggin' gig of hard drive space for? I could store a lot of other, much more enjoyable games in that 20 gig of space.Overall, if you like fighting games, stay away from this one. If you like superhero games, stay away from it as well so it doesn't sully games like the Arkham series. Or even sully the name of Superman 64 for that matter; At least back then no one knew any better.If, however, you enjoy frustrating controls, poor difficulty curves, and sub-par graphics on mid grade hardware, then this game is right up your alley but I still can't condone anyone else spending money on it; Maybe if the game developers suffer they will learn a lesson."
,Recommended,242700,31127695,Posted: 13 April,all,@bilbop YouTube,"Personally I do enjoy this game and while this game certainly does have its ups and downs, I am not here to praise or criticize this game. I am here to offer a phenomenal 4 Cheese Ravioli recipe!Here are the ingredients you will need!Ravioli Dough: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 eggs, 1 1/2 tablespoons water.Ravioli Filling: 1 (8 ounce) container ricotta cheese, 1 (4 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1/2 cup provolone cheese, shredded, 1 egg, 1 1/2 teaspoons dried parsley.Pesto-Alfredo Cream Sauce: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons prepared basil pesto sauce, 2 cups heavy cream, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 (24 ounce) jar marinara sauce.1. Mound the flour and salt together on a work surface and form a well. Beat the teaspoon of olive oil, 2 eggs, and water in a bowl. Pour half the egg mixture into the well. Begin mixing the egg with the flour with one hand; use your other hand to keep the flour mound steady. Add the remaining egg mixture and knead to form a dough.2. Knead the dough until smooth, 8 to 10 minutes; add more flour if the dough is too sticky. Form the dough into a ball and wrap tightly with plastic. Refrigerate for 1 hour.3. While the dough is resting, prepare the ravioli filling. Combine the ricotta cheese, cream cheese, mozzarella cheese, provolone cheese, egg, and parsley and mix well. Set the filling aside.4. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the crushed garlic and pesto sauce and cook for one minute. Pour in the heavy cream, raise the heat to high, and bring the sauce to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the Parmesan cheese and stir until the cheese melts. Remove the pan from the heat and keep warm.5. Meanwhile, in a separate saucepan, warm the marinara sauce over medium-low heat.6. Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Beat the egg with the tablespoon of water to make the egg wash.7. Roll out the pasta dough into thin sheets no thicker than a nickel. To assemble the ravioli, brush the egg wash over a sheet of pasta. Drop the filling mixture on the dough by teaspoonfuls about one inch apart. Cover the filling with the top sheet of pasta, pressing out the air from around each portion of filling. Press firmly around the filling to seal. Cut into individual ravioli with a knife or pizza cutter. Seal the edges.8. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in the ravioli, and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the ravioli float to the top and the filling is hot, 4 to 8 minutes. Drain well.9. Grease a baking sheet. Place the cooked ravioli on the sheet pan and bake in the preheated oven until brown, about 4 minutes.10. To serve the ravioli, divide them among four warmed serving bowls. Drizzle the marinara sauce over the ravioli and then top with the cream sauce."
76561198115088736,Not Recommended,242700,8279141,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,tiamatuu,Broken game.Online is buggy and laggy. Not playable at all. Zero support. Last patch was in novermber 2013 and solves nothing. Read forum of this game for detailed information. There is no sutisfied gamers. NONE.Save u money and dont support such ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ports. There is much better playable games here.If u want to play alone in single then its ok. But u will get bored playing vs cpu after compaign
,Not Recommended,242700,25516072,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Element,"I've played this game on console and I can tell you: it's an awesome game with great fighting mechanics. But the PC controls are terrible and as a fighting game, it makes it unplayable. You can change them but you shouldn't have to just to play the game. It's pretty disappointing when I know it's great but I just can't give it a good review in it's current state.And don't write in the comments about how I should stop whining and just buy a controller because I have one and that doesn't justify terrible keyboard controls. Other than that, it's got nice looking characters and cool maps but not cool enough to give it a positive review.Hopefully we'll get a better port for Injustice 2. I wouldn't recommend this game; for the full experience, get it on console."
,Not Recommended,242700,35170788,Posted: 23 September,all,Deathham,The PC controls are some of the worst I've ever seen. If you don't own a controller save yourself the money and buy literally anything else.
76561198016552955,Not Recommended,242700,8990555,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Rat...a..tat...tat [SG],"If you own a keyboard and mouse..... don't bother buying it. The game is not made for PC, but consoles and I am very disappointed that Steam would offer this. I wonder if I can get a refund..."
76561198215001607,Recommended,242700,31753560,Posted: 14 May,all,M7md,حلوه اللعبه فيها تلطيش وابطال الي تحبونهم مثل سوبرمان جستس ليج هارلي جوكر ونايتوينج
76561198079392168,Not Recommended,242700,15631958,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Gaybies,Any game where you can be beaten up by AquaMan is probably a bad game.
76561198204593417,Recommended,242700,23319076,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Lonley Jones,I played this whole game 3 times with a keyboard.Because i\'m not gonna stoop to some console peasant level.:^)
76561198055728446,Recommended,242700,7861504,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,dizzy_man667,"Even with the few, inevitable bugs, this is the arcade game I have been dreaming about since childhood. Great!"
,Not Recommended,242700,18118409,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Controversial Baby,worst ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,242700,8384411,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Quill,"The keybinds are terrible, it had so much frame rate lag..... I guess i'll wait figuring it just came out for all the fixes to be placed."
,Recommended,242700,8275477,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ravon23,good game
,Recommended,242700,7921150,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,The Heart,Aquaman OP plz nerf
76561198086629193,Recommended,242700,7909271,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Alpha_2099,Buy DIS!!!
76561198112473353,Not Recommended,242700,32796668,Posted: 25 June,all,Meatloaf,"If you use a ps4 controller, don't buy it. It doesn't work."
76561198008161967,Not Recommended,242700,15694918,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,trm90,"The only thing i can give this game credit for is how awesome the involve the story/gameplay transfers.  They story itself is great of course, but the way the switch you in and out from fighting to cinematic is really cool. Other than that this is your average spam your keyboard style game, and gets annoying later on when a.i sticks you in a corner until you are dead."
,Recommended,242700,11588236,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,TerranWolf,"Injustice is a realy fun fighting game with lots of rly interesting DC characters,i would mostly reccomend it for the single player since the story is better then in any other fighting game."
,Not Recommended,242700,15828434,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ScarletInk 🌼☀,It's too grey. Too many design oversights.
76561198043844927,Not Recommended,242700,32414910,Posted: 14 June,all,Gibe da pusi b0ss,"The a.i in this game reads the button prompts you use and beats you by reacting. No skill involved, just whether or not the a.i allows you to win by not reacing when you attack. Like most competive games, it's lazy and requires you to learn stupid amounts of combos in order to even take a step forward just to fight the opponent. In my opinion these games are made lazy and require the git gud community for the game to have any longevity."
76561198001484701,Not Recommended,242700,13462312,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Augustous,"0/10 Don't buy this SHART ! I got it during a $5 sale. It isn't worth that. It isn't even worth the hard drive space.This is a 2 D, left to right, jump and kick, button masher, from the 1970's with modern graphic's. And it's done badly at that.The controls are set up for the XBox, and can't be reset.It's like they took a drag queen, who died in 1975 and put a pink nighty on it. Then said look how sexy this is. Give us $20.I can't believe anyone still sells this stuff. I can't believe I got tricked into buying it. I wish it crashed during loading, so I could feel better about it."
76561198016289717,Recommended,242700,25321128,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MarKom,Better than Mortal Combat
76561198144038123,Not Recommended,242700,12430765,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Retardis,I puchased this game in hopes that it would be as awesome as it is rated however this game was a major disapointment. The controls are faulty and extremely irrelevent.The gameplay style is not one I like many others would enjoy. Lastly the lag in the cutsceens are very laggy and off by a couple of seconds. I do not recommend this game so please beware before wasting 30$ on this poor excuse for a video game.
,Not Recommended,242700,34117640,Posted: 8 August,all,PlatinumLioness,"This game would be much better if there were still anyone to play with online. Unfortunately, everyone has moved to Injustice 2, leaving me to sit and wait in the queue for online 1v1, staring forlornly at the cycling search widget.Aside from that, it's a decent start to an interesting story arc. Though I wish they had kept it as just a video game, and not a part of DC Comic canon."
,Recommended,242700,26567263,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Bernie Sander is Lit!,buy this game for a SUPER (hero) good time
76561198107209916,Not Recommended,242700,12530857,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Item-King,"Dont buy game doesnt work, plays at abnormal speed extreamly slow, find a better game for your money they dont eve update this game"
76561198009030377,Not Recommended,242700,30158772,Posted: 24 February,all,Big Ron,Horriable game. Luckly only spent $5 on it.
76561197970999635,Recommended,242700,25051574,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Vilmir,"It's fun, it looks good, it is DC and it is now pretty cheap.A small, valuable pleasure."
76561198076460793,Recommended,242700,25441921,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Naughty Nathan,goooooood
76561198030887751,Not Recommended,242700,33487108,Posted: 12 July,all,Agresivo,Videos and story is fun but short. As an action/fighting game really bad and non-replayable at all.
,Recommended,242700,8886161,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Goopy,Its OK
76561197999955600,Recommended,242700,8537087,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,AKmed,"crappy port... again, just like MK. thanks NR. you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
76561198060648911,Recommended,242700,9000759,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Genmu,Buy this shitbricks.....nuff said
,Recommended,242700,8620440,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,DerringerHK,Simply brilliant.Pros:- Solid gameplay- Intelligent AI- Fantastic story- Great voice-acting- Challenging campaign- Large roster of DC characters- Creative finishers and scene transitionsCons:- Combat isn't very fluid at times- Requires a controller
76561198108180279,Recommended,242700,8443720,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Wildman,"This game is amazing and different from mortal kombat but not too different which is good. If they made a marvel version of a game like this(same engine, same developers, etc), with a dark feel to it like this that would be amazing. But I'm glad they made this game and it is worth it, and is fun especially when it includes all dlc ( got it for $24.99) on steam holiday sale which is the best price you could find anywhere especially for the ultimate edition, still worth full price, but saved money, I recommend this game"
76561198062081814,Recommended,242700,17844562,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[ICEMAN]~[G-UNIT],FUN GAME
76561198100178887,Recommended,242700,16559150,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mentalist,Oyun süper herkese tavsiye ediyorum.
,Recommended,242700,12153030,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Not_Good_At_Games,great combat and decent story
,Recommended,242700,8614872,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,WSBF_Buddy Andy,"I'm not a big fan of fighting games. I was of the original Mortal Kombat games but lost interest in the series, and fighting games overall not far after Ultimate MK3. I've enjoyed the occasional fighting games since like a random Soul Calibur game or maybe a few rounds of Tekken with friends, but never enough to go out and buy it. When the Mortal Kombat remake came out I bought it for the console and fell in love. After hearing Injustice was made by the same people I had to buy it being a huge fan of the DC universe. The main story is exciting and a lot of fun to play. It is short... but it is a fighting game so you can't fault it for that. It has a challenge mode that you can play through also much like the MK remake but unlike the MK one I didn't have the drive to finish the challenge ladder. I would say unless you dislike the DC universe and fighting games then you should buy this game even if for the bare minimum of having a good game for when you are entertaining some company."
,Not Recommended,242700,29553145,Posted: 28 January,all,Darkskythe,Bit♥♥♥♥♥♥really.
76561197977687569,Recommended,242700,7948680,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SleeplessNights21,Awesome!Awesome!!Awesome!!!
,Not Recommended,242700,13260174,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Birlas,Not a good game. Waste of my time =.=
,Recommended,242700,22010301,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Mamadou Sakho,k
,Recommended,242700,8324377,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Alkemiisto,"Injustice: Gods Among Us, developed by Nether Realms (the same people who made MK9) game in my overall opinion is one of the good ones, a step up in 1v1 fighting games. The fighting mechanics are spot-on, it has an amazing story, and it takes place in the DC Universe! If you are a fan of DC or a fan of Mortal Kombat (I am a fan of both), get this game as soon as you get enough of your cash on your Steam Wallet! The Ultimate Edition is $10 cheaper and comes with ALL the DLC Content."
76561198041380900,Not Recommended,242700,28141617,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,tremerelord444,"Some features require cross platform syncing, but then other features prohibit it because they are afraid of game save trades. Invested over $100 in extras, then had said extras deleted by game. Avoid this game  at all costs and do not give it money."
76561198056492227,Recommended,242700,14319311,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,shrimp,Hard to play on a computer fun tho
76561198018188389,Recommended,242700,7980031,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,danstar80,"fantastic story, fantastic fighter game!"
76561198124104475,Not Recommended,242700,26352597,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,﴾֍֍Illidan Stormrage֍֍﴿,when i lounch the game it always crashes so i need help i cant refund its in my libary 3 or 2 months already i love the dc characters and series
76561198123560680,Not Recommended,242700,13748441,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fleidermaus Over Heaven,"Alright. I was super hped about this game. I'd spent a while watching gamepay and playing the mobile game, so when i got it, i was quite excited. However, the second i jumped into actual gameplay, the entire game refused to go past 30 fps. To this day, the problem is unfixed after numerous patches, and the game runs smooth, but it is all so slow, and not in the laggy way. I want to recomend the game, as the gameplay and combat is fun, but until this issue is fixed, i can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,242700,19170838,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Messias,This game play is so stiff I would rather watch grass grow. I loved that I could fight with me old heroes but it was just so poorly executed.
76561198018178627,Recommended,242700,7858975,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Hei Hei,Awesome game love it. The voice actors are pretty good and the game play is wicked awesome. I'm def gonna be playing this for quite a while. I wish they had included more game modes for two people on one pc and hope to get some more players to play as (esp female players) but overall the game is great. I love MK but I think I like this just a little bit better.
76561197963083760,Recommended,242700,7847372,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,SuddenFool,"Great fighter. i just beat the campaign and its not super great but pretty decent ive say, tho thats not what makes the game last longer in the fighting and the fighting is super easy to get into hard to master and you allways stand a chance even when it could look impossible there is still a chance to win which is great so you never feel like you lost just cuz of a few mistakes and bad calls in your fighting. im not a Online type since im awful at 1v1 PvP matches in fighting games so i cant really commend on how the online part is.im terrible at fighting games so keep that in mind when reading my short ""review"".Cheers Sudden"
,Recommended,242700,7855528,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Damnedindenial,one of the best fighters that i have played the cleaver use of the environment and stage switching offers a twist that makes the battles everchanging and more predictable that ever before a truly inovative new ip
,Recommended,242700,8011859,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,R♥bert Leonard III,you stupids should have bought it when i was buying it when it happened to be $25
76561198007994237,Recommended,242700,7839552,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,lordjas2101,"This is a great game,i love how it's well optimize and the graphics are really good."
,Recommended,242700,33165158,Posted: 2 July,all,RockRouse,Great game with a wicked story 10/10 from me
76561197999695604,Recommended,242700,24770980,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,niin,Better than SF5 lol
,Recommended,242700,8121924,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Zintix,"Shame about lack of people hitting the online scene, this should pick up in the upcoming weeks. Every thing flows so well together in this game"
76561198117241811,Recommended,242700,12144912,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Darkrage,injustice is good game
76561198026766230,Recommended,242700,12142821,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,captaincanuck88,i loved the amazing set pieces you get to fight in some very rememorable locations from the dc universethe fighting is very fluid and the variety attacks for each character are top notchthe amount of characters and who is in this game is perfect there is almost no one i could say that i am missing from the rosterdifficulty is a bit of a pain but that is with almost any fighting game until you can perfect 1 character
76561198067756108,Recommended,242700,12144024,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ThePuffinDestroyer™,you need a really good comp for this game but it is reallt fun and i recomened it
,Recommended,242700,23886854,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The Cardboard Car,Punch super man in head 10/10 i like be spiderman and wolverine they are col people am very satisfied
,Recommended,242700,32198441,Posted: 5 June,all,mmmdada,cmon boys lets play injustice 1 in PCIs anyone playing it right now???
76561198089358098,Recommended,242700,15287213,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,THE.DankApe,"My friend and I are playing this game, then we go to the mess hall, and there it is. The pig. Pig is love, pig is life.300000000/10Would throw butchered pig at each other again."
,Not Recommended,242700,12456421,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,King Crimson,"The pc port was riddled with bugs - made it almost unenjoyable, they probably wont fix it anytime soon so i wouldn't buy it anytime soon and buy mortal kombat 9 instead unless you're a filthy  pleb"
,Recommended,242700,30178317,Posted: 25 February,all,Iansolo45,Justice will be served
,Recommended,242700,16469331,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kagiceps,Awesome !
,Recommended,242700,16477461,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cloudy PUBGkings.com,"oh damn so hard to play with keyboard, you really need a stick xbox to play this if you confusing the hotkey10/10 nice graphic and the gameplay is good"
76561198006191162,Recommended,242700,16934423,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,the citizens,i'm Batman
76561198372311302,Recommended,242700,34147650,Posted: 10 August,all,#DIZOMANIA :},nice
,Recommended,242700,8449906,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Wangarang,"a very fun game with a great campaign and story. the other modes are aslo very fun to play, especially if you need practice to beat the challenges. the combat is very similar to MK9, but the blocking can be confusing if you are used to mortal kombat. some fo the combos can be awesome, but not if you are getting hit by them....."
,Not Recommended,242700,14070496,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,CiscoBabe,"A Good try ,,, but not the Best."
76561198039084215,Recommended,242700,29147216,Posted: 9 January,all,De Luca - InvestGames,Sound: 8Graphics: 9Story: 8Gameplay: 9Commands: 7.5Fun: 8.5Time to load / lag: 8Bugs / Problems: 8Final Score: 8.5
,Recommended,242700,33312891,Posted: 6 July,all,paki,fun
76561198053453508,Recommended,242700,33962999,Posted: 1 August,all,caddadosky,I've always wanted to hit Superman with a pie in the face.
76561198078236607,Recommended,242700,22015526,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Average_Ahkari,"I Have A Biology Unit Test Tomorrow, But Then I Bought This Game. C6H10O5/C6H12O6 Would Play Again."
,Recommended,242700,9004393,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,@VicesAdulation,Incredibly complicated fighting game. Requires a controller to make the most of it. Just as good as Mortal Kombat
76561198092802767,Recommended,242700,14395021,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dr Dave,not bad
,Not Recommended,242700,10236105,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Spook,Literally the worst PC port I have ever played.
76561198198377069,Recommended,242700,23929412,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,СМОТРЯШИЙ БОРОВ,amazing game!!!!
,Recommended,242700,15847340,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,catfish,best fighting game ever9/10 batman's teeth look weird and bizzaro (see what i did there? bizzaro dc comics reference)
,Recommended,242700,10341774,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Drunk Raymundo,Remarkable
,Recommended,242700,13154277,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,DarkChaos,I Love DC Characters... Very Awesome Game :Dthe costumes are ok :)
,Not Recommended,242700,13509999,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dapper Krieg,Poorly optimized and is simply a bad job of porting the game. Even on systems that meet the minimum specs can't even run it well.
76561198007359613,Not Recommended,242700,32569439,Posted: 19 June,all,SaintD,"If you want a singleplayer game, or you're not a dedicated fighting game player, this is utter garbage. It's ****ing terrible. I use an XBox controller and apparently this game inexplicably has response issues with them. THAT'S NO EXCUSE. Not least because it's one of the two most common controllers on the face of the entire planet.What you've got is an unresponsive, disgustingly unintuitive game, fighting against an AI that can and will, on ****ing MEDIUM difficulty, just go Pro-Gamer unstoppable combo on you. Because **** you. And the fact that it's even possible for that to happen is the absolute biggest failing of the game as any sort of actually enjoyable experience. This is a game that locks away all effective defense behind the agonising minutiae of split second cancels and special moves, and demands you 'git gud' to even begin to actually defend yourself in any meaningful manner.As a result, you simply can't just PLAY this game. You CAN'T defend yourself against being relentlessly and unstoppably cancelled, specialed and comboed until you yourself have grinded away hours and hours on just one single character, and hours more in general memorising and commiting to muscle memory the nature of this horsesh*t control system, sufficiently to perform those same moves against an AI that doesn't have to spend three quarters of its effort wrestling with a hatefully unresponsive input system.That's the top and bottom of it. This game isn't fun until you've already beaten it. The only way to defend yourself in this game is to master it. That's a kind of design alright, but it's not FUN design. And I play games to have fun. Challenge is fine, but playing this game stinks too much of an elitist 'git gud' philosophy that carries none of the fairness and immediate, responsive capacity to defend youself that Dark Souls did with its difficulty curve. **** this 'game', and **** the competitive gaming cancer that's turned fighting games into such joyless garbage. When you look at moves in the move list, it tells you the FRAME DATA, the frame timings for cancels and recoveries. THAT'S what fighting games are now.Why would I waste my time on THIS frustrating, '**** you n00b' school of competitive gaming OCD when I could just spend the time learning an actual skill like the ****ing piano? In fact, **** it, I'm going to learn the piano. I put a hundred or more hours into games I like, so instead of learning the ****ing FRAME DATA of the moves in this sneering excuse of a game, I'm gonna spend a hundred hours on musical notation and the piano. There, done. You didn't see, but I just ordered a book on learning musical notation. I left this page and did that. Tomorrow I'll start trying to find an English-speaking piano teacher.....this is China, you can find anything in China. Except a fun superhero fighting game. BYE."
76561198071415913,Not Recommended,242700,8321596,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Blackhawks19_88,This game needs a major update. The graphics are great so is verything else but it is way to slow. Steam better update this thing quick cuz i want my money back. i DON'T recommend this game untill it gets its bugs fixed in the next update which better happen soon.
,Not Recommended,242700,12565429,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,MoDuL,Worst fighting game ever played. Worst than SF 2.The only reason this is selling is because WB uses their famous heroes/villains.
76561198095590119,Not Recommended,242700,13080668,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,XxMansouryxX,its a horrible port
,Not Recommended,242700,30108205,Posted: 22 February,all,Teamroan117,"It opened only one time, then i restarted my pc and the game never opened again."
,Recommended,242700,25473821,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,tortilla,"If beating up a bunch of DC characters sounds fun, this is your game."
,Recommended,242700,26556832,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Onyxpectacle,"Good beat-em up fun, made even better because of playing your favourite DC characters."
,Recommended,242700,8556404,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,$A$$Y DADDY,"Fancy a game that accomadates to sweaty neckbeards? Look no futher! All the female characters have breasts that could feed all the African children, crisp graphics, somewhat decent controls. Apart from that I think it deserves 7/10. Would buy if I was a sweaty neckbeard who wanted to look at Wonder Woman's breaticles. Hence why I bought the game."
76561198021757575,Recommended,242700,7672189,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,A Very Good Game Some Thing Could Change Or Do With Out!!Was Expecting Some Better Villians An Heros An Some CombosCan Be Better..Online Is A Blast!!EEEHHH So I Give It A 7 1/2 Out Of 10!!!!
,Recommended,242700,35329128,Posted: 30 September,all,Dracula [Ω],More hate to Superman
,Recommended,242700,34027507,Posted: 4 August,all,KiFe Marston_Manhunter,"Imagine Harley Quinn telling you:""FINISH HIM""Thats Injustice"
,Recommended,242700,23960636,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EsotericCthulhu,Beat the game in exactly 114 minutes.Your mileage may vary.8/10: Would smash Superman's face again.
76561198018597094,Recommended,242700,8109787,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,pedro-007,most excellent
76561198021823069,Not Recommended,242700,13442087,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rezcolen,terrible localization! terrible graphics! Gtx 670 - 30fps)))))))(
,Recommended,242700,8077826,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Rize`,best fighting ever
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,242700,28145846,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"There are certain genres of games for which I am just not suited. MOBAs are one; so too are realistic driving simulators. For all that I can admire the craftsmanship that goes into designing such games - and have an earnest desire to appreciate them - I just do not find them that compelling to play. Punch-n-kick brawlers are another example; they are colorful, fantastical, and frenetic, often with rewarding and challenging gameplay, but I have neither the temperament to master or even long endure their game-play.Still, Injustice: Gods Among Us looked as if it might have been the sort of game to keep me playing through to the end, if only for its over-the-top combat and action-packed (if somewhat predictable) comic-book storyline. I mean, who /wouldn't/ want to play as Superman and punch an opponent into outer-space? I mean, that's the sort of thing a lot of us have probably wanted to do ever since we read our first issue of Action Comics!Alas, it wasn't to be, and I'm not sure I'm to say whether it was because of my own failure or the game's. When it comes to brawlers, I tend towards button-mashing anyway, but even given my primitive grasp of brawler mechanics, I didn't think Injustice's combat was particularly well done. There were just too many options and powers, and rather than  super-powered I felt overloaded with options. Even were I not, the game felt gimmicky, too overloaded with action cut-scenes, weird mini-games and quick-time events. I never felt as if I were given an opportunity to hone my skills because every other fight it seemed that the game changed everything on me.Ultimately, I gave up on actually playing the game and just watched a let's play of the cut-scenes, which was okay. It certainly didn't encourage me to keep playing, or try other brawlers. On the other hand, that got me into reading the comic prequels, which I found far more enjoyable than either game or video, so I guess something worthwhile came from the experiment.It's pretty and hits all the right notes for a DC Comics story, but ultimately its lack of compelling game-play keep it from earning a thumbs-up. If you are really interested, you are better off just reading the comics."
,Recommended,242700,8066077,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Doggo,สนุกดีครับ เหมือนดูหนัง
,Not Recommended,242700,25319208,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Adam.Vaughan9,crashes at every thing
76561198025467542,Not Recommended,242700,17225262,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Dave Christian,Street fighter style game boring....characters are ugly especially Batman.
,Recommended,242700,13168991,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,龍 Mao,"Very enjoyable game.If you love fighting games or just love the DC Universe than Injustice is perfect for you. You will be surprised on how decent the campaign is compared to other fighting games. Plus, there is just something so satisfying with destroying Superman as Superman.Fighting mechanics are solid, and this is a pretty fluid and action-packed game. I won't go to details but it's definately not a Mortal Kombat clone.The story is cliche and is all about the dimension what not stuff, but the scale put into it makes it really feel like a Justice League movie itself. Action-like cutscenes and returning and fantastic voice actors reprising their roles as the heroes and villans.The PC port of this game runs in 60fps but does consistently slow down if your computer can't handle it. Booting up the game everytime takes forever even though loading times in-game are shorter compared to the 360/PS3 versions. Cutscenes are oddly compressed and look ugly, compared to the game's most sharper graphics. This is because the cutscenes were from the 360/PS3 versions of the game, but even then it's no excuse when the PC/PS4/XBONE versions have horrible compressed cutscenes instead of being built in-game.Overall though, it's a good purchase."
76561198072372475,Recommended,242700,8585590,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,silvermoon4110,its fun
76561197990648012,Recommended,242700,7958468,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,OTG,This game is crap. No keyboard or mouse support for a PC port? How lazy can the devs be. Everyone I know will have a copy of this note within the hour.
,Not Recommended,242700,15296784,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Wilkes,"Superman is nerfed, Aquaman is OP. This is a good time to remember Subway footlongs are all just $5 for the month of April."
,Recommended,242700,24391532,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Ga 🅱 en,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198043383281,Recommended,242700,10928020,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Chef,"It's Like Skyrim, with superheroes."
76561197985025086,Recommended,242700,7816104,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,DeltaOneSix,This is awesome game
76561198083391720,Not Recommended,242700,15298364,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Fuego Volcano,Tutorial was♥♥♥♥♥♥ That was the best thing i could say about the game.
76561198028552844,Recommended,242700,12140995,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,GRgeo,very good game
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,242700,18502382,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,FudoAkira,"Art style and concept is great. Controls feels a little loose compared to other fighters I frequently revisit. All the characters really feel like they play identically, too, which didn't make me want to play through much more than story mode to get my feet wet. PC performance is okay except during the level transition, where, even with a 390, there was immense stuttering and frame-skipping during most of them.Overall, I kinda regret even paying $5 for this on sale."
,Recommended,242700,17060997,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,daksid,Aquaman BADASS!!!
,Recommended,242700,29704392,Posted: 4 February,all,3arabi-Gamer,God Game
76561198094198368,Recommended,242700,15285002,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Regurgitated Mario+Rabbids,"If you want to fist Catwoman as Superman, This game isn't what you are looking for you creep..."
,Not Recommended,242700,18978575,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Col. Hans Von Luck,Its alright....
76561198137848783,Not Recommended,242700,22215938,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,NZ,Boring
,Not Recommended,242700,34159177,Posted: 10 August,all,-DOOMER-,"DC meets Mortal Combat.  The power moves alone are worth the price of the game (on sale), but I'm not going to lie I never played enough to get into the flow of combat on this one.  Probably better than the ratting I'm giving it, but I'll say pass on this one."
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,242700,20232119,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Blackcompany,"Terrible, convoluted control schemes, multiple additional layers to combat including the Clash, ultimate combos and the use of background materials as temporary, movie-prop weapons and the need to memorize far too much make this game a mess. Its not fun to learn and its not fun to play."
,Recommended,242700,7881361,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,nsz,"Best superhero fighting ever. More heroes, more combats, MORE action"
76561198172389691,Recommended,242700,23993182,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pr.Bodeng,"story mode stuck at arrow vs solomon.. please fix this, i can't continue the story... overall it's a great game"
,Recommended,242700,12617852,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Bea Feeweener,Honestly... the comic story line in this crazy good.crazy good.i just want another one to come out.
76561198035973130,Recommended,242700,34301789,Posted: 17 August,all,Khagan,"Fun gameplay and there are many modes, didn't looked into the storymode or anything yet, and there aren't many players in the multiplayer. Graphics are outdated too, injustice 2 should come to the pc and with crossplatform that is."
76561198037576821,Not Recommended,242700,7958502,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ThyLuckyOne,great story line but graphics are high demand. a powerful cpu required. there is no setting on quality that can be lowered.
76561198151843062,Not Recommended,242700,33139032,Posted: 2 July,all,Blackest Knight,"i would over all give this game a 6/10 and its is all due to these issues:-Multiplayer does not work at all, when ever i find a match it Disconnects or is laggy at 10fps.-I really don't like the story, the whole Superman is evil thing, like seriously are the actual villains that bad.-The controls and combos for this game are impossible to master, and this is coming from a Dark Souls fan."
76561197970701643,Recommended,242700,7974662,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Surpringly good story. It's like an interactive straight to DVD cartoon.
,Not Recommended,242700,7845432,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,イナゴ,you'd think that after MK9 PC the dumb♥♥♥♥s at Warner Brothers would have made an online that actually worked. they didn't. avoid this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,242700,29561108,Posted: 29 January,all,Cosmic,WHY IS THE ENMEY ALOUD TO SPAM THE SAME ATTACK BUT THE PLAYER CANT
,Not Recommended,242700,25429885,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,von,Conrolls are the ♥♥♥♥♥est in any game ever made do not get enless you have a xbox controller3/10
,Not Recommended,242700,13841026,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,iMunchbox,"I'll be honest, this game sucks. Not only is it an MK clone with crappy controls but it's also a crappy DC game with crappy controls.  Yes, I know they're both developed by the same studio but it's lacking in several areas that could have been greatly improved upon.  The moves list is identical to MK, the Special moves are a novelty but lose their value quickly.This was nothing more than a cash grab that could have been so much more."
,Recommended,242700,10861051,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,rendyfebry,"Salah satu game fighting terbaik saat ini...Bukan sekedar pukul2an tanpa alasan tapi juga ada ceritanya,, meski ceritanya agak maksain tapi keren lah pokoknya..."
76561198029227032,Not Recommended,242700,23987015,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ghost Monkey,"install game..beat the single player in less then 4 hours.... mp is dead... no reason to continue..delete game...hate myself for bying it..,,"
76561198029016436,Not Recommended,242700,24361078,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,AlarmedGibbon,Mortal Kombat clone. Feels overly complicated and not original enough. New skins on old fighting.
76561198391602464,Recommended,242700,34052092,Posted: 5 August,all,progames1122,I Doesn't Like Control in KeyBoard
,Recommended,242700,15524171,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,FalconerR,Tavsiyem BATMAN'dan uzak durun bokum gibi skill'eri var.
76561198064001910,Recommended,242700,9019028,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Roborhugo,"It's a good game but they have not fixed the multiplayer. Come on, we are paying for a full game not the half game, duh?"
,Recommended,242700,7854563,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,NITE OWL II,♥♥♥♥ing Superman
,Not Recommended,242700,14192881,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Doug Dimmadome,3/10 Zod killed me by cracking glass
,Not Recommended,242700,24290050,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,GreenPanda,to repetitive
76561198318432585,Not Recommended,242700,25242339,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,glutenmaker,"i can't play online,♥♥♥♥ you.give back my money"
76561198206074803,Not Recommended,242700,25221621,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,no no no
76561198075680859,Not Recommended,242700,19075649,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Xerties,"This game was a big let down for me.but i paid a dollar for it so yeah..I felt this game to be boring, the fighting is meh.Though my bias is towards soul Calibur 3 dimension fighting and Marvel Characters. so if you enjoy the more Mortal Kombat style fighting and DC Comic character im sure you would enjoy this game"
,Recommended,242700,25915099,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Redrusty66,I love superheros. This game gave me a fantastic story and fighting controls that I could easily understand and start to get my head around. This provides you with loads of superhoers to fight with and against and has cutscenes during the fight that really shows how powerful they are. This game was awesome!
76561198122412368,Not Recommended,242700,30227700,Posted: 27 February,all,Solenya Snarf,"Watched 10 minutes of cutscenes, only to have the game freeze on my second punch."
,Not Recommended,242700,7880012,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,init,"At 37,49€ (25% off) I don't find I get my moneys worth as I am not a heavy DC Comics fan. I like Batman as much as the next guy, and I've heard most of the names before (Flash, Green Lantern etc.) but not all (Cyborg?, Raven?). However, the story mode plot is really not capturing my interest. You have characters coming from an alternate universe. So basically, you have a good and evil version of every character (Good Batman, Evil Batman, Good Joker, Evil Joker etc.) and in the cut-scenes it's hard to know which side the characters are on. (Most of them look exactly the same.) Of course, I admit I don't really take it seriously, and I don't think I should have to to be able to enjoy it. The story basically demands interest in these comic book universes that I don't have, and without an interesting backstory to the fights, the fights also become more boring.Furthermore, I find many of the characters to be lacking in the kind of moves they can make. I do not get the feeling that the game is balanced and I don't feel that Injustice is worth investing time in in order to master it for competitive play. I could very well be wrong, but until I see major Injustice tournaments popping up, I'm not going to give it any more thought. The overall feeling I get is that this game doesn't have as good game mechanics as SF4 or SFxT. There are more interactions you can do with the background scene itself and the graphics may be better, but that's all shallow and the core gameplay winner is the Street Fighter-series in my book."
76561197994764460,Not Recommended,242700,7831624,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,The Rapist Bill Clinton,"Game doesnt let you change keybindings for online play, online playerbase is non-existant or not functioning."
76561198210448409,Not Recommended,242700,25538002,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,SarcasticKing89,The controls are unresponsive and not at all intuitive. Buy this on console.
76561198084239937,Not Recommended,242700,30447706,Posted: 11 March,all,DEV,"EDITION : UltimateDATE : 11-Mar-2017 (Finished story mode)SETUPWindows 10 64-Bit, MSI GT80-2QE Notebook, Logitech F710 GamepadRATING (rated as if released in 2017)Optimization : CStorytelling : CGraphics : CSound : CControl : CFun Factor : CValue : CI'm able to ran this game on maxed settings at 60fps 1080p, but sometimes there's a level (random occasion) that capped at 30fps before bouncing back to 60fps after the level changed. The game has interesting story, but mediocre storytelling with plot holes. I can understand how one of the superheroes went insane, but how the other superheroes also turned evil... just out of character. The level design is really good for a fighting game, with interactive backgrounds and the ability to transition to different scenery of the same level, but the textures are not sharp. I assume the developer didn't bother to upgrade the textures to higher resolution. Control is responsive enough for basic moves, but once you try to chain longer combo moves, it fell apart. I'm able to enjoy this game on easy mode because you can beat CPU opponents just using basic moves. But once I cranked up the difficulty settings, the fights became frustrating due to the bad controls. If you just want to do casual fighting games, especially with friends, this game might still be fun enough to play. But for more serious fighting, go elsewhere."
,Recommended,242700,28219233,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Malte =),Overall: 7.5/10Pos:-Good Story.-Enought chracters.-Nice grafic.-Detailed Ultimates.-Mortal Kmobat flavour.-Cheap for such a good Beat em up game.-Funny Multiplayer.Cons:-If it isn´t played on the best grafic settings the grafic just doesn´t look good.It is a cheap methop to get a good Beat em up game. I would buy this if i am low on money at the moment and wanna habe several hours of fun.
76561197970525021,Not Recommended,242700,32910647,Posted: 27 June,all,あらた,"The game reverses the universal buttons on a controller for accept and cancel. So, you are constantly pressing the wrong buttons when trying to do the simplest of things. It makes the game nigh on unplayable."
,Recommended,242700,15615008,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with superheroes
76561197996762963,Not Recommended,242700,30271219,Posted: 1 March,all,LINDINLE,if you like a fighting game that flows. this aint for you.
76561198072600437,Not Recommended,242700,13120272,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SkiddinX,wtf i cant pause this stupid game and i cant close it wtf
76561198059667701,Recommended,242700,7833175,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,GraytheDemon,SWAG
,Not Recommended,242700,12143954,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Abraham Goldstein,Its bad like the movie attack of the clones
76561198044917795,Not Recommended,242700,34748593,Posted: 4 September,all,Pale Caesar,"Probably the best game using DC's IP, but it doesn't have the magic touch that developer Netherrealm Studios has with their MK title.DC is notorious for having an iron fist of control on whatever they license their property out to, and it shows consistently. For example, DC  turned Man of Steel 2 into the ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare that is Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, and prior to that, they deluded the last two DC titles developed by NS.Injustice plays like Mortal Kombat X, or MK9. Those are solid games, and while Injustice plays like it, the trimmings and IP opportunities fall flat. It's just not a memorable game. We're treated to the same song and dance DC has been rehashing for decades: - SPOILER ALERT (if you haven't been reading DC comics at all in the last 30 years) - Batman fights Superman, Batman is the hero. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is getting old, and as such, the story mode - which NS perfected with MK9 - is boring. I beat it in one sitting and had nothing to say about it.I give them credit for creating different ""tiers"" of arcade mode, where you are able to tweak things such as which faction you fight or the abilities granted to yourself or your opponent.I GUESS it's worth the $5 it drops down to in sales, but I have to reiterate: my problems with this game are not due to NS. This is due to DC constraining NS to what they developed."
,Not Recommended,242700,12237193,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ferox,"Great game, terrible port. It has big FPS problems that devs can't solve even a year after release: game often goes into slo-mo or gets to 5 FPS for no reason. And matching recommended system requirements won't help you: my PC can handle stable 60 FPS in BF4 on Ultra, yet it has trouble running this game. Add a buggy multiplayer to this mix and you'll get a PC version of Injustice: Gods Among Us."
76561197986455995,Recommended,242700,12582487,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Purrrrfect,Just perfect.
,Not Recommended,242700,12146138,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Punymeyer,"I'll start off by saying that I'm only reviewing the single player, and giving a recommendation based on that alone.  I realize that the single player stuff in a fighter is usually not taken very seriously, but since this is a DC game, I believe that should be one of the more important parts.I bought this solely for playing the single player.   I'm a huge Batman fan, but I'd already played all of the Arkham games and DCUO to death, so I figured I'd give this a shot, especially since it was on sale.The plot isn't bad.  It's not great, and it clearly exists just to give all of these heroes and villains an excuse to fight each other, but that's not such a bad thing.  However, the execution is bad.  They expect us to accept illogical things just so they can move things along.  I'm supposed to accept that some heroes have shed their virtuous ways and have basically become villains, with no good explanation for why.  There are explanations, but they aren't good ones, and they conflict with the traits of these characters.  So you just have to accept that these heroes, heroes that have sworn to protect humanity, will have no problem subjugating or killing innocent people if they are told to do so by a mad dictator.  That is a serious problem that was never properly addressed, and it's an insult to fans of DC comics.Another thing I want to point out, is that they tried to smoothly transition the cutscenes into the gameplay, which could have been really cool, except the cutscenes appear to be at a lower resolution than 1920x1080, and are more vivid and colorful than the actual game.  So what happens is the gameplay has a much higher level of detail, and also appears washed-out compared to the cutscenes.  The transition just isn't smooth at all.  That's not a deal breaker though, just annoying and disappointing.Lastly, the character design is off in some ways.  Wonder Woman is super masculine, which I get that she's an amazon so she's supposed to be like that, but I don't recall her being so built in other games or the comics.  Superman also looks odd, like he's a different person than I'm used to seeing.  The voice actor cast is hit-and-miss.  I wish they'd have used the voice actors for Superman and Lex Luthor from DCUO.  These voice actors aren't bad, they just don't really sound the part.So to wrap it up, the story isn't well thought-out, and I would go as far as to say it's an insult to DC fans.  The cutscenes aren't terrible, but the transitions from the cutscenes into the actual gameplay could have been smoother.  And the character design and voice casting is hit-and-miss.  I can't recommend this for DC fans."
76561198071822951,Not Recommended,242700,7877403,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Skankhunt42,This game is a very slow game your movment is very slow compered to my other injusace on xbox 360. Im not very happy with my download I do not recommend this game.
76561197990042273,Not Recommended,242700,29476584,Posted: 24 January,all,DaretoDie,"Do not buy this game unless you have a controller.  I couldn't even successfully complete the tutorial using the keyboard, even after customizing the keys."
76561198042417035,Not Recommended,242700,7857538,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,kell78,It sucks. Ihave never had so much trouble trying to play a game before.
76561198339161374,Not Recommended,242700,30098333,Posted: 22 February,all,💖Queen Crimson Almighty💖,Just needs a frame rate fix
76561198085152930,Recommended,242700,34687804,Posted: 2 September,all,Peter Parkour,havnt bought it
76561197970956898,Not Recommended,242700,32245932,Posted: 7 June,all,Stobislaw,Story is very fun but ending is rushed.It should be 18+ and more liek mortal kombat less like cartoon.In story mode olaying every 3-4 fights new character that u dont like and is totally different isnt fun. Every time U get used to a hero it is swapped for another one.Multiplayer online is bassicaly dead.
,Not Recommended,242700,12579220,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,victorzvyagin,"Im suprised any1 Falls  for this DAM SНlT anymore........  oh well, I did,   after all, I got it before  all  reviews came out .Very VERY SНlTTY- SНlTTY   controls  on KB  (and  No mouse), when   you  try to  re-configure them,  they reset  Randomly anyways.Hardly  ANY  useful tutorial (mainly  Batman   Moves only, that will PROBABLY  help  with   Batman  stages)Not to spoil  much- when you get (or rather, IF you get)  to Wonder Woman missions  through all the bugs,  than  you are faced  with glitching enemies all of a sudden,  when  they spam the same attack, without any chance to block them.  Also,   there is NO chance  to  land an attack with her,  cause the enemies, as I said, spam  attacks  all the way- For  OVER A FREAKING Year, and   these Bugs are still(!!!!!!!) not fixed .TL;DR  Test the F&(^*&(^ng    games BEFORE releasing Them, WB Games!"
76561198028438355,Not Recommended,242700,28530993,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mr.Rooster,"Injusticely Lagging, buggy, boring copy of Mortal Kombat with DC character"
,Not Recommended,242700,23857303,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gamer,Good GameBad pc port
76561198031600914,Not Recommended,242700,30718259,Posted: 24 March,all,ZakRynDel,"I don't play these kinds of games normally, but I love DC and have played the android app version and enjoy it.  So I bought the game and installed and the first time playing it, I can't even get through the tutorial.  The game is clearly designed for players that are experienced at fighting games, I am not.  What a waste of $20."
76561198162782180,Recommended,242700,30130193,Posted: 23 February,all,JudgeMayor,─▄▀▀▀▀▄─█──█────▄▀▀█─▄▀▀▀▀▄─█▀▀▄─█────█─█──█────█────█────█─█──█─█────█─█▀▀█────█─▄▄─█────█─█──█─▀▄▄▄▄▀─█──█────▀▄▄█─▀▄▄▄▄▀─█▄▄▀─────────▄██████▀▀▀▀▀▀▄─────▄█████████▄───────▀▀▄▄──▄█████████████───────────▀▀▄▄██████████████─▄▀───▀▄─▀▄▄▄──▀▄███████████████──▄▀─▀▄▄▄▄▄▄────██████████████████▀█──▄█▄▄▄──────████████████──█▀█──▀▄─█─█─█───────█████████████████───▀█─▀██▄▄──────██████████████████──▄─▀█▄─────▄───██████████████████▀███▀▀─▀▄────█──█████████████████──────────█──▄▀──█████████████████▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄──█──────█████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄──█──────█▀████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀──────────█──███████████████▀▀─────█──────▄▀──▀█████████████────────█────▄▀────▀████████████▄───▄▄█▀─▄█▀──────▀████████████▀▀▀──▄███──────████████████████████─█─────████████████████████──█────████████████████████───█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████▄▄▄▄▄█─────────────█─────█─█──█─█───█─────────────█─────█─█──█─▀█─█▀─────────────█─▄█▄─█─█▀▀█──▀█▀─────────────██▀─▀██─█──█───█
76561198071323152,Not Recommended,242700,14319467,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Gaben's Garden Gnome,Injustice and MortalKombat are made by the same same company....between this two i would choose mortal kombat. its alot more better.
,Not Recommended,242700,23781371,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Treadway,"I bought this summer sale 2016, but refunded it shortly. I played the Xbox version and had a lot of fun, but the PC version was unplayable for me. Constant stuttering and frames were capped at 30, dipping on occasion to 20. I put all graphical settings to minimum and even reduced the resolution to 640x480, switched between fullscreen and windowed, but the problem remained. My rig features a 980 GTX and i5 @ 3.5 so this is kind of ridiculous.Unless you know your computer can run this well, stay away. Or be prepared for a refund."
,Not Recommended,242700,35022007,Posted: 17 September,all,m á x (what a lovely day!),meh... not so polished as I had hoped. Do yourself a favor and pick up Street fighter IV instead.
76561198292729301,Not Recommended,242700,30905735,Posted: 2 April,all,Enzø Løst Persøn,"Sorry, i like the history, but the mode of game is a trash in my opinion"
76561198045791126,Not Recommended,242700,23321715,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Tom Thrusterman,"The only game I regret wasting my money on. It has balancing issues; the ""clash"" mechanic is bullcrap; there are no rounds, instead of them there's this stupid armor/healt meter; ladders have crazy difficulty spikes, and that's and issue, considering that online is almost dead. The only redeeming quality of this game is it's plot."
,Not Recommended,242700,28503988,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,[L.D.D.] Nicky Lou,"My god, 4.5 hours to beat a fighting game, that's ridiculous. I remember when fighting games were 15-20 mins long and they were still fun after beating them. This game, no. This game is like beating a dead horse. You can't save, at least i couldn't have. The game just has poitless battles with the same people youve beaten already, shouldn't they be dead or out of the picture? hmm, makes me wonder. I have to say i was entertained for the first 2 hours but when i wanted to save and quit i couldn't and i wasn't going to quit getting that far and having to restart again.It just kept going, over and over again. The same people fighting you after beating them, every person in the game has 3-4 fights each, and in between theres these pointless mini games where if you get them all right they take a little away from your enemy in the battle but these mini games take like 10 minutes alone. This game was too long. I understand games nowadays are quick to beat but a fighting game is supposed to be like that, youre supposed to want to beat it with every character, not never play it again."
76561197971117075,Not Recommended,242700,21753953,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,â„¢Ì‡Ì†ÌŒÍ­Ì…Ì”Ì”Í¨Ì’Í£ÌŽÌ¿²,I played this game then decided to eat the people next door it's nothing to do with this game or is it.
,Recommended,242700,13561010,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CJ HUNTER,"This game is very similar to Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition. It has a story mode, 300 challenges, other arcade modes, multiplayer and hilarious super moves for all playable characters (you will run over your opponents with the batmobile and throw pies in their face)."
76561197992881187,Not Recommended,242700,31067728,Posted: 10 April,all,Sp3zN4s,"Schlechtes Spiel, Bad Game"
76561198326023938,Not Recommended,242700,30153087,Posted: 24 February,all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),crap game. it is an injustice to the gods that they made this. i only brought it cos it was on sale. i wish i hadnt.
76561198046635516,Not Recommended,242700,32247206,Posted: 7 June,all,Aquilifer,Pretty bad.
76561198036718097,Not Recommended,242700,7852384,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Cornon McCobb,worst game ever
,Not Recommended,242700,30154106,Posted: 24 February,all,-I-_R4MBO_-I-,"Useless comboBad controlNo balance fixGood story tho, but i don't enjoy the story.Not recommend.5/10"
,Not Recommended,242700,34114768,Posted: 8 August,all,Tik,bad controls in a fighting game is just the worst thing you can haveand the game is just a terrible port
76561197968442814,Not Recommended,242700,25532581,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Smoke_River,LAME unresponsive controls. Couldn't even get past the tutorial since it's too gimmiky. Last time I buy injustice series EVER.
76561198301772897,Not Recommended,242700,23794153,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,lameme14,i just bought the game but it wont work. whenever i try to open the game it makes my computer screen black and shows me two horizontal white line. i really wanted to playn this game cause my freinds said it was really fun
76561198058857254,Not Recommended,242700,26944477,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wrathofbong(BongRipsForJesus),I feel sorry for anyone who has this game in their library
,Not Recommended,242700,24996124,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Notice me Senpai,-10/10
,Not Recommended,242700,23433943,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,✪ Calam1ty,"its bad and good at the same time, i really dont know"
,Not Recommended,242700,23188854,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,WingsofLightandDark,Don't waste your money buying this piece of ♥♥♥♥ PC port. Get it on consoles if you need to get it. Game is laggy as ♥♥♥♥. Don't do it. You've been warned.
76561198166886262,Not Recommended,242700,23687254,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,jcoleman89.jc,THIS GAME KEEPS FREZING EVERY TIME I PLAY THE GAME SO I HAVE NOW DELETED IT
76561198092239852,Recommended,242700,30066834,Posted: 20 February,all,FarmerHoggit,itsa gd game
76561198199349485,Not Recommended,242700,22772493,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,frostee,not as great as i expect it would be :(
76561198120120855,Not Recommended,242700,30162581,Posted: 25 February,all,Aki秋,FPS constant drop with my GTX 1060.EXITUNINSTALLEDREFUNDED.
,Not Recommended,242700,34070508,Posted: 6 August,all,2 lewd,The story is the only good thing about this game
,Not Recommended,242700,12917964,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,HolyShadows,only playable with a controller
,Not Recommended,242700,31641170,Posted: 9 May,all,Purotekutā,bad controls on pc ;(
,Not Recommended,242700,26096562,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,lovely goose,Its so ♥♥♥♥ing cringy
,Not Recommended,242700,9278899,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Jamie Rose,"WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Netherrealm Studios and High Voltage entertainment have done a total disservice to PC gamers by releasing a nearly unplayable port of this game. In many cases, the gameplay moves at a ridiculously slow 10-12 frames per second. Possibly even slower in some cases. And if you're lucky enough not to be able to get this thing to play at semi-decent rate of speed, you'll find a broken versus system with just as many problems. It's not even worth commenting on the content of the game, because the game itself is a struggle to actually play, Netherrealm has flatly refused to acknowledge the issue and Valve won't refund the product, even though it is clearly broken.If you're looking for a fighting game, don't bother with this one. Too much of a gamble that it will even work properly, especially for $50 US. I will never purchase a game from Netherrealm or High Voltage again and I would encourage others to do the same."
,Not Recommended,242700,24206263,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,kappara,4/10
76561198085220577,Not Recommended,242700,25468673,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,xXC0DK1D1337Xx,Injustice: Stunlock among us
,Not Recommended,242700,24717978,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,erypto,"Game locked at 30fpsi7 4790k, GTX 980. 144Hz monitor, I'm not down for that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,242700,33492025,Posted: 12 July,all,PICKLE,Garbo
,Not Recommended,242700,35289189,Posted: 29 September,all,Batman,"Great game , interesting story , controls are PUREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE S.H.I.T , seriosuly , like they just took it straight of console and just put it on Steam without any adjustments , seriosly it's awful.Hopefully Injustice 2 when or if it comes on Steam will have better and less complicated controls.Yes , I will give this game a negative review cause of the poor control settings , almost broke my keyboard and almost broke my finger at one point , ♥♥♥♥ing seriously. I need anger therapy now cause I got anger problems cause of them !!!Atleast i got this when it was 5 euros , buy it on sale if you don't have a controller. I think ill need to buy one now if i wanna continue playing this.Moral of this bloody review , I lvoe the game but i HATE controls. You need to be Marshan Manhunter to be able to play this lol"
76561198169133553,Not Recommended,242700,34444104,Posted: 23 August,all,MISKAJAIGNIONN,wtf are those controls
76561198311858111,Not Recommended,242700,31355460,Posted: 25 April,all,Andre,"The story isn't so interesting and combat doesn't feel right. You will find yourself just pressing random buttons on the controller in hope for a good combo, coz trying to learn all the combinations is way too overwhelming.Or maybe fighting games are just not my thing.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,242700,24698052,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Thraco,The ingame Batman is doing a better job at being Batman than Ben Affleck ever could.
76561198093782551,Not Recommended,242700,25533447,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Bluter,nope
,Not Recommended,242700,29656344,Posted: 2 February,all,Cybero,Worst port i played
76561198236521258,Recommended,242700,25382130,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Gotenks,harambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambeharambe
,Recommended,242700,30401743,Posted: 8 March,all,MrFalsefulFury,"Should have more MK characters in it for the memes. Good game, Still don't understand how to be good."
76561198330049162,Recommended,242700,30431500,Posted: 10 March,all,darius.tolas,this game is very good
,Recommended,242700,10582644,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MANGIPHERA,sick♥♥♥♥♥♥:)
,Recommended,242700,10584133,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Slewis,"Have you ever wanted to be Batman, punch Batman, shoot Batman or any other DC superhero?No?What's wrong with you.Yes?Buy the damn game."
,Recommended,242700,10694863,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Radical Red Two,Mortal Kombat style fighting with the DC Universe? Count me in!
,Recommended,242700,10794232,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zug um Zug,Dis gaem is awsum now someboody halp me get the unlockkses for mobile
,Recommended,242700,10794971,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rocketshoes,"As a huge fan of the DC universe I was particlarly intrigued as to how well this game would play - especially as I've not played too many fighting games in the past. But I was not disappointed, this game is FANTASTIC! The story line hooked me from the off and I found myself binging it overnight till the end. I even had some friends round to play the 1v1 local co-op and it was brilliant fun going through and admiring the different characters, costumes and finishing moves!The only thing that was a little bit disappointing was that some characters (particularly Zatanna and Martian Manhunter) didn't appear in the storyline or even the S.T.A.R. Labs missions, but the game is still great otherwise!Overall, I would give it a solid 10/10 - good on your own or with friends! :P"
,Recommended,242700,10600054,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dusk,Mortal Kombat fighting style. Fans will love this game.
76561198113347824,Recommended,242700,10602492,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Duality,"Cool game, but the laggy gameplay can get a bit annoying. :/"
,Recommended,242700,10634794,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,sailoraurora17,"I have to say, this game is  pretty intersting... on one hand, a part of me loves this game passionately.... but the other part is like, ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is this?""Mainly because some of the cons about this game can be kind of werid. such as the following negative thing-- The overly detailed backgrounds. Normally this wouldn't be a bad thing.... but the creators of the game clearly put too much work into the background where their time could had been spent somewhere else. For instance, the background pretty much litterally explodes into a million pieces every time your character even breathes or move. It's like the injustice universe builds things out of such weak materinals that they instantly crumble/explode, etc at the slightest provication.as an result, this can slow down other things in the game..... such as your characters.Yeah, that's the other negative thing about the game.... your characters tends to move so slowly that it's like you're fighting in slow-mo. combined with the constantly exploding backgrounds this can get kind of ridlcious.But now to focus on the postives of this game:1) the character designs! almost everyone had top-notch clothing designs, which I loved. with the expection of evil superman. there was just something off about him that I didn't like.2) It was fun to explore the dark alterate universe in story mode.3) many characters who normally didn't get a chance to truly shine in the limelight, finally got the spotlight... and showed that they could truly be bad♥♥♥♥♥ like Aquaman. Seriously, I thought they were just going to make him be a total joke or something... and then blam!4) No cookie cutter fighting styles at all.... everyone's got their own unique fighting styles, and the dramatic finishing blows once your meter is filled up is truly a wonder to behold.So yeah, this can be a good game... once you get past the slow movements at times. I give it a 8/10,"
,Recommended,242700,10635825,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Balbarei,awesome game!
,Recommended,242700,10639727,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,look@that,"Solid game. Cool characters. The story was short (maybe 4 hours). The plot was pretty good. Fun to play through the singleplayer.As of right now, the multiplayer is bugged. I don't think its usually like this bug EVERYONE on the steam forums is having the same problem. Game crashes right when you load up multiplayer. I'm sure multiplayer is fine if it's similar to MK9.Overall for the price I paid ($7) I'm happy. And I'm sure they will fix the multiplayer.Compared to MK9 this game isnt anywhere as interesting. MK9 universe is just cooler and has more interesting characters. Also the MK9 story is much longer and the combos and moves you can do are cooler."
,Recommended,242700,10624722,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,OrgasmicDisaster,"Really great Brawler that has a nice touch from the DC universe. Clean gameplay and smooth graphics, excellent on a controller, makes the game so much more enjoyable. Overall, really satisfied."
76561198044954216,Recommended,242700,10629870,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Transistor,"Similar to Mortal Comat, Loved the story!"
76561198021389510,Recommended,242700,10774841,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheMadHakr,"Great game with nice graphics and smooth combat. Plus, this game syncs unlocks for the mobile app and vice versa. Well designed game and I highly recommend it to anyone that likes fighting games."
76561198044503848,Recommended,242700,10681155,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,vadvictor21,pretty fun game. pretty addictive. nice story mode.
,Recommended,242700,10682567,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DeanTheAdequate,"If there is a later game to get people into fighting games, thsi is it.  Not only is the experience on par with a good comic book movie, the controls are even enough a newcomer can learn easily even with a fighting game veteran.  If you own any fighting game to play with your friends, this is the one to have."
,Recommended,242700,10683585,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,kantotmaster,"Played this when it came out on the ps3, and just had to get the Ultimate Edition on Steam when it went on sale. Fun game and incredible story mode!"
76561197979044594,Recommended,242700,10782354,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jjmax22,"Not a huge fighting game fan but I couldn't put this one down.  Playing through the campaign is like watching a good comic book movie.  Highly Recommend this one to any comic book fans, even if your not a huge fighting game fan."
,Recommended,242700,10500288,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,GOKU BURACKU,"great game love the way that you can grab object in the environment and throw it at the enemy really awesome , a really good game better than i expected"
,Recommended,242700,10500305,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Nreekez,"Awesome fighting game, it was the best deal of 2014. $7.50 for the Ultimate Edition of Injustice that comes with all the DLCs. There's only one let down though, the slow motion glitch. I don't why I get it sometimes even though I have an AMD 8-Core CPU and a 2GB GDDR5 AMD R9 270x.... still there is a fix but it gets annoying repeating it everytime I start the game. There should be at least a patch to fix that glitch for high-end PCs."
,Not Recommended,242700,10484148,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Allan,Developers are not fixing bugs. Many people have slow motion. Multiplayer is unplayable. U can not find opponents. Multiplayer is slow motion even if u somehow fix single player.
,Recommended,242700,10494274,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,WÜNDEBAR,"Great game,even tough the story is very short (~5 hrs).The fighting is super fun.Be warned though,the multiplayer part is still quite bugged."
,Recommended,242700,10185746,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Kimbolar,"I'm not a huge fan of fighting games (the only other one's I enjoy are Smash Brothers series and the Tekken Tag series), so when I heard that DC were linking up with the developers of Mortal Kombat (so if I'm incorrect) I didn't care at all. Untill reviews kept coming out saying that it was actually good. So I got it in a steam sale. The story is a little too short IMO to pay full price for, UNLESS you fully intend to try and go and play online (I never intended to take it online, so I can't review multiplayer). However there are lab missions you can do which would dramatically increase time played.  ( I imagine, I haven't the patience for them) . However untill SSB4 comes out this is my fighter of choice for fighting my friends on local Co-op."
76561198024556311,Recommended,242700,10400478,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,richard123john_2k7,yeah good game i like this better than i liked the mortal kombat version but yeah id recommend this game to anyone who likes fighting games
,Recommended,242700,10402895,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,WofP_diddykv,"This game is kinda fun, but I feel like when I bought MK9: ""Leave fighting games to Japan""."
76561197976921668,Recommended,242700,10345171,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,EnZ! [NL],punching batman in his smug face 10/10
,Recommended,242700,10346149,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,AzK,"Cheap price for a lot of content, funny gameplay, fairly different from their Mk title"
,Recommended,242700,10347576,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Spaceduk,First fighter game i have ever purchased and i love it!! great story and fun charcters to play
76561197960617037,Recommended,242700,10349159,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,T3NN1NJ4S,"This game is fun! Mortal Kombat but with DC characters. Great game engine, and I found the campaign storyline enjoyable; the cutscenes almost make up an animated feature movie. Lots of replayability, many side challenges, and tons of playable characters. My favorite feature is how it ties in with the FREE mobile version of the game, and playing the game on one system will unlock characters and extras on the other. (Plus, this week it's only $7.49. C'mon!)"
,Recommended,242700,10349195,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,DugoNinja,i wish they put the mortal kombat people in this game that would make this game 100 percent better
76561198071860241,Recommended,242700,10349772,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,BesouroLaranja,"WOW.What a great game. just picked it up on sale. Just finished single player.Take a day off, or choose a sunday, send the kids to their grandmother's, pick this game up and play it through single player start to finish. Do that, RIGHT NOW.It's not the best fighting game around, hands down to that. it's just so... immersive. It's a great cinematic experience. Right amount of jokes, not as gritty as the Batman Arkham games, still pretty adult stuff. If you like comics, or the characters, buy this game for a nice day of throwing kicks and punches as Batman, Superman or many other 1st class (and some 2nd class) characters."
76561198041102932,Recommended,242700,10350686,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Tao Amanti,"I came. When I played this game, I had an ♥♥♥♥♥♥. It's the easiest fighting game to control that I've EVER played, there are no stupid-long button inputs for special moves, it's fast, it's fluid, and I jsut cannot reccomend this game enough. The story mode is short, but it plays out like a 6 hour long movie, with most of it dominated by interesting cutscenes that transistion flawlessly into fighting, and a few button input scens to break up the routine. After the story, there is still so much to do. The Ai, at higher levels, offers a real challenge, and you can go through character challenges in star labs, and take on special matches in the battlegrounds. This game is just the best traditional fighting game I've ever played.TL:DR BUY THE GAME. It is worth -every- penny."
76561198056000548,Not Recommended,242700,10350928,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Luxanna,"I Suppose it's just my PC, but I'm able to run a lot of games on high graphics without and lag or unresponsiveness, however I find this game to be Pixilated and not visually pretty. (I have it set to high on video settings, I'd think that's what would make it appear better?) It takes forever for a move to imput and I hear it before I see my charecter taking action. Anyone else having this problem and have a solution? I just uninstalled 4 games in hope that something would change yet nothing did."
76561198064518507,Not Recommended,242700,10350944,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Pray.For.Mojo.,"This seems to be a great, fun game. Unfortunately its a bad port from the console, and consequently has an issue whereby single player fights seem to take place in slow motion. There is currently no fix for the problem, so the game was unenjoyable for me."
76561198050755537,Not Recommended,242700,10351151,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Cantwhistle,"I restarted the game. I closed all other applications. I disconnected from the internet. I restarted my MSI GE60. I started the game with Nvidia game booster. I lowered the settings to practically NES graphics so the text was unreadable. This is a terrible port.If you like games in slow motion, maybe you'll enjoy this, but when it takes 5 minutes to get through 90 second fight (probably closer to half that since I've never ran out of time), it's ridiculous. The game is swimmy for 90% of it, then suddenly a fight will be lightning fast. I can't tell if I'm just used to the slow-mo or if the fights are actually sped up, but the Xbox version was nowhere near this awful. It seems like some fights start out fine too, then get boosts in speed or slow downs, usually dependent on if something is happening in the background. Some stages with a lot of commotion and RB stage attacks are just impossible and doing the super move makes it even worse. The fighting is superficial combos and button mashing, but the game could be fun, if it weren't the awful port. I'm running Titanfall on low settings, so I should be able to handle this on at least moderate, but it's not optimized.The story had potential but it's too black-and-white. It's gritty and edgy themed, but it has the morality meant for children. Here are the heroes, here are the villains. They're working together! But these are still the bad guys and these are still the good guys. There's no gray area and the characters don't bring it to life. Green Arrow tries to be funny, but no one has personality that stands out except The Joker and Harley Quinn, which they're hit and miss. Everyone else is this lifeless shell of their character. The writers seem to think since you know who these characters are, they don't need personalities, but Green Arrow, Green Lantern, Wonder Woman, Aquaman pretty much are interchangeable. Cyborg brings a bit of life to it, but it's his VA and not his actual character traits that stand out.Maybe if your PC can run it, it'd be a better buy. I'm just glad I got it on sale so I only wasted a little bit of money."
76561198069397056,Not Recommended,242700,10351518,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,El Guapo Numero Uno,This is a good console game that has been poorly ported to PC. I would not recommend this game unless you have a PC controller.
76561197983878516,Recommended,242700,10351775,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Aidyn006,If you're looking to play this online AVOID it at all cost.  Horrible online match making and the input lag is horrendous.  SIngle player on the other hand is great.
76561198075355766,Not Recommended,242700,10352310,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,[ONX]-HiK4Ri,"if you are dc fanboy you should buy this GAME,but if you need to play mp dont buy it MP is death and developers not fix any problems"
76561198112474373,Not Recommended,242700,10357967,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,zarathustra,Horrible console port :(
,Recommended,242700,10358193,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,AnnePranks,If you like fighting games such as Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter then your going to love this same creator as MK NetherRealm same fighting and gameplay that you love whats not to like about kicking supermans head in xD enjoy
,Recommended,242700,10359246,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Remember Red,i can be aquaman and be useful 9/11
,Recommended,242700,10363066,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Coldfidanza,"So, this game has all the characters and skins already unlocked as it is the ULTIMATE EDITION. However, i will have you know that the pc port is kinda bad, for starters, you cant navigate the menu with a mouse but have to use the keyboard, which tells you already what problems are at stake. The default control scheme also made little sense to me so definetly go over and switch that up first.The graphics are great for a fighting game and the controls are fine. You can make do with a keyboard but honestly i'd recommend a gaming controller, which this game should probably support for MAXIMUM ENJOYMENT of this game. All in all, if your PC can run this and you're into fighting games and or superheroes and comics this is definetly something you should consider. The campaign is kinda short with a pretty intriguing story so thats not bad, i spent around 4hrs to complete the story. Besides that, there are tons of features still available such as ladder matches and some special missions called STAR MISSIONS with great variety. IE you can control catwoman's cat in a burglary/stealth mission which is pretty good. So you should definetly check this out, if you can i would totally guarantee a controller over a keyboard as that would help maximize your experience.This game also has VERY good diversity among characters who have indentifiable skills, moves, and abilities. Locations and stages are very iconic and the interaction with your environment helps to immerse you more. For those who like combo fighitng games like myself will not be dissapointed, the learning curve is a bit steep if you've never played fighting games before but its not overly complex or anything but just right, every character has unique move lists, and training modes are also readily available for those who wish to polish their skills.With that, i give this game a 8.6/10with the content being incredibly vast for a fighting game, definetly check this game out"
,Not Recommended,242700,10363121,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Faust,"Very bad game, took a LONG time to download, and after all the waiting, it crashes whenever I start a fight."
,Recommended,242700,10363983,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Cypherslock,This is a hell of a lot of fune once you get the timing down. I've so far just been playing around with the single fight mode and practicing. The only thing I wish it had was some form of fatality...I'm quite pleased at how well it runs on my 2010 machine. Score another one for NetherRealm Studios
,Recommended,242700,10364615,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Solidus Joe,I worked on this one. Thus it is amazing. DUH.
,Not Recommended,242700,10365824,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Krash2020,"75% off on sale getting this game.....thats pretty much the only best thing about this game considering your gameplay is stuck in slow motion every time you play and youd have to do some level glitch to get it to play normaly. considering the problem this game has, steam should keep it at 75% off cause nowone's going to buy a game 75% slow....terrible port..."
76561198074841136,Recommended,242700,10366745,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nike Tn,dank
,Recommended,242700,10367775,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,RadWIMPS,"Pros:- Great storyline,lots of characters, nice graphics, runs smoothlyCons: Storyline kind of too short, no multiplayer (you can play local though), (spoiler alert) storyline filled with movie, the only time you can play is when you fight, which is kind of like mortal kombat(no wonder same creator)"
76561198036167509,Recommended,242700,10368597,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,delta785,"Just Mortal Kombat with DC heroes and villains. Though the combos are much easier to perform, the games is still challenging (exactly because of that - you just keep flying). Story is based on the cartoon - quite amusing. I recommend this game, mostly for DC fans. :)"
76561198051783715,Recommended,242700,10368841,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Reckless Redcoat,"Great, fixed the problem, and NOW, I am not regretting this purchase. Injustice is perhaps THE BEST fighter out there to date, with ingenuitive combat systems from Mortal Kombat 9 that Netherrealm expanded on, Injustice makes every bone-breaking punch make you smile with satisfaction, or cringe in despair. Destructible/intercative environments makes the combat flow like running water flawlessly, allowing you to chain combos, brek the ice with a special move, and then finish yup by slamming them into the Batcave computer. MK vs DCU transisition system has been revived to gloriuous capablilties. Seriously, nothing suits an♥♥♥♥♥whooping more than throwing your foe into a cell block, have Scarecrow inject them with his love drugs, then mindrape them.Dialogue is amazing and well thought out, espcielly with the clashing system. With Batman taunting Scorpion that he knows his every moves, but Scorpion simply retorting ""As if that matters..."" ALWAYS makes me smile.Lag issues online. Nuff said.And controls/blocking mechnaics are a little tricky to grasp at the moment, but if you've played Street Fighter/MK, its safe to say, you'll adapt quickly. And there arte also a ferw bug issues. One of which, is the slow-mo bug, that will most liekyl happen to you. the remedy: Go onto practice mod, pick ANY fighters, it doesn't matter. Then push your foe all the way to the right of the map and knock them through the transition. Spam the pause button all the way through the cutscene until it ends and the bug WILL BE fixed. You're welcome. =)Story is gripping and awesome, it has a Game of Thrones way of surprising you with nasty stuff, especially if you haven't read the Injustuice comics. For 5 hours long, it is pretty swish!9/10"
,Recommended,242700,10368995,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Polygons,"Recycled mortal combat characters, but in the most entertaining way. Nice single player story mode and hour and hours of multiplayer fun."
,Recommended,242700,10370033,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Linse,Great game. Get it while it´s on sale!
76561197966227808,Recommended,242700,10507060,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Estram,"Mortal Kombat but with DC superheros! No X-ray vision super moves, which is slightly disappointing, but running over your opponent with the Batmobile is always fun to watch. And for me, I can play as The Arrow (from the tv series), so I love it!"
,Recommended,242700,10508450,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,MexiKun,This game is amazing! Cant believe i didnt get it sooner!
76561198047087049,Recommended,242700,10504271,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Roashan,"Dang. There is way too many requirements for this game. Even my new computer has quite a bit of trouble playing this game, let alone my other computers, which can't even open it. My computer is brand new, yet it can't play it good enough to get anything done, let alone play it.Don't get me wrong, I think this is an uber awesome game, and thats why I got it, but I would really prefer there to be an ""old computer"" setting or somthing like that. Which brings me up to another point. Does it play better on a game station rather than the computer version? Because if so, I want to know what game station, and how well it runs.For all those people who are reading this, if anyone, then know that I did not entirely get ripped off (my fault actually, should've read the system requirements first) for a few reasons, but manely because I bought it on a sell for only $7. Just so you know, this review is not to critisize the works of this game (still think its awesome), but to rather point out the things that I have noticed in it. Thank you for reading (if anyone...so lonely...)"
,Not Recommended,242700,10503067,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,ephemeriis,"I'm not entirely sure what's at fault here...  Maybe my computer isn't quite up to the task.  Maybe my Xbox controller is showing its age.  Maybe it's just not that great a PC port.  But the end result is that combat is a fairly frustrating endeavor.  It's nearly impossible to string together a combo, so combat was reduced to simply mashing buttons and hoping for the best."
,Recommended,242700,10645496,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,blackwidow27,"Definitely a new way to approach fighting games. I love playing this, halfway through so far and I am enthralled by the storyline!"
76561198019547124,Recommended,242700,10427557,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,The Soul Warden,This game is awesome!
76561198023225947,Not Recommended,242700,10429121,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,sean,unplayable coz of this slow motion bug...the game is good but the pc port is horribleand just in case some1 thinks so my PC specs are wayyyy higher than the minimum requirements
76561198067007962,Recommended,242700,10432914,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Duderonomy,Pretty fun. Def get if on sale for a ridiculus low price (what i did) or get on the console (would play much better)
76561198125188845,Recommended,242700,10438070,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Cakebake,"This game is one of the best games I have ever played!!!!!!! The graphics are incredible! Its comes with all the dlc's! althought it is one of the slowest games I have ever played. The story, is absolutly incredible. But, im sorry to say you have to get it and im not going to tell u a thing about the story mode. U can get the ultimate edition, or the regular. But if u get ultimate, IT COMES WITH SCORPION FROM MORTAL KOMBAT AS A PLAYABLE CHARACTER!!!!!!! But sadly there is no mortal kombat map :(, and it also comes with Zod from man of steel, but if u get the ultimate edition it comes with his man of steel skin. But the regular version, has none of that."
,Recommended,242700,10113290,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Desplay,Love it
,Recommended,242700,9098856,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DonkayPunch,Why don't people play this game? I swear its good its basically mortal kombat cmon guys...
,Recommended,242700,9114763,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DyMinezTV,this game is cool if you like fighting games
76561198014947932,Not Recommended,242700,9710654,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Rando Smash,"The single player mode is quite good. The story took a couple hours and was satisfying enough. The roster is extensive and should satisfy both casual and serious DC fans. I'm not big on fighting games but Injustice seemed to me to offer a deep but accessible level of complexity in terms of combos and special moves. It also looks fantastic if that's important to you.Unfortunately, online play seems to be still complete rubbish. The community has died in just the few months the game has been out on PC. Even when it says there are a couple dozen players in-game it's hard to find a match. When you do find another player who has a good ping, the game will disconnect on you frequently with 0 warning. Most of the time though I've found myself sitting there, watching it attempt to find another player just to have it time out after several minutes. The few times it found me a match, it was against somebody on another continent. The matches were unbearably laggy and glitchy. Even without my opponent's interference 2-3 button easy combos I've mastered in single-player simply didn't work. The matchmaking itself is questionable to begin with, perhaps because there are so few active players to choose from. With 10 hours in the game and a bottom-feeder rank I was paired with players who had hundreds of hours logged and would have decimated me even without the lag.If you want this for solo play or local multi-player, go ahead. There are dozens of gauntlet and challenge options after you've beat the story for completionists or those who want to master all the characters against the AI on max difficulty. I feel a little robbed though with the lack of support for this shoddy port and felt compelled to warn people."
,Recommended,242700,9561593,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,spacemonkeynation,"If you enjoyed Neversoft's latest iteration of Mortal Kombat and are a fan of comics then this game is a no brainer must have. It builds upon the excellent fighting engine found in their previous game and still maintains to provide some absolute brutality in the portrayl of each character's super moves-the in-match reward for kicking♥♥♥♥♥ On top of the expected super moves, combos, and powers there is a new clash, or wager, system that allows players to wager their super meters for a health boost should they offer up more meter than their opponent.As with the new Mortal Kombat, Neversoft offers up an incredible narrative driven single player campaign that has gamers bouncing between player characters in beat with the story as it develops. It's a great device that promotes learning a wide array of playstyles while keeping the gameplay fresh and fun as the well portrayed comic tale unfolds.The game doesn't slouch when it comes to extras either. There are tons of alternate costumes, modes, unlocks, and concept art. The character gallery offers comic fans a look into the origins of each alternate costume and gameplay is rewarded with unlock tokens for concept art and additional costumes as well."
,Recommended,242700,10923756,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tanker Captain,"This is an excellent a fighting game with some of the best known DC Characters, a nice story mode, a decent learning curve and awesome graphics.What more could you want ?Well Mark Hamil as the Joker would have been nice....."
76561197971490210,Recommended,242700,10924091,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,supergenji,I've found this game to be a real treat from the fighting games that I used to play. The story mode is exciting and fun to play.
,Recommended,242700,10928758,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DakotaJH,"Tl;dr Rating: 9/10, one of the best fighters out thereI have to say, I was pretty excited to see this game go on sale finally. It was one of two games that I were hoping would go on sale at some point in this Summer Sale, the other being Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition. These are both games developed by NetherRealms. And I have to say, they know what they're doing. They've taken a genre that is often phoned in when being made and made it into something more.They've taken them beyond what most fighters strive to be. These two games are the first time that I've been fully engrossed in a fighter's campaign/story. Mortal Kombat had me heavily interested, but I often had to take breaks, as the fights didn't seem very necessary at times. It just felt like there were fights just to be fights, which is fine. But it got a little tedious. Injustice, however, did it right. They didn't have as many filler fights and it flowed together much better. This was the first game that I marathoned to completion, and I wanted even more when I finished. This may be my favorite fighter of all time. The fighting mechanics were just as great as they were in MK9, where they can be simple for a couple of novices to pick up and play, but deep enough for the most hardcore of fighters, chaining combo after combo with one another. It still has just as much weight to every punch and kick, though toned down on the violence. You still feel the hits, there just isn't pints of blood flowing from each bit of contact. There were a couple of things that did stand out to me as negatives, though. I wasn't a huge fan of the wager system being totally honest. I felt it was sort of an unnecessary addition, and I always just kind of rolled my eyes whenever one was used. Another were the awkward QTE's thrown into the mix in the campaign. They weren't that much fun half the time, and just sort of interrupted the flow of things, halting your readiness for the next fight. But these are minor things to me, and didn't ruin the game for me one bit. I'd say if you liked Mortal Kombat, you'll like this game just as much."
,Recommended,242700,10375079,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Xheh,Best DC game ever
,Recommended,242700,10336103,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,MMZ>Magius9,If your a DC comics fan and love fighting games that don't have complicated moves then this is the game for you.  It might not be perfect but the story is good and the graphics and voice acting are good.
,Recommended,242700,10336260,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,<Ni>Londroth,Get it while it's cheap!!
,Recommended,242700,10338208,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,undead #2,Recomendadíssimo!!!
76561198022779514,Recommended,242700,10339227,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Adolf Weebler,WOW!
,Recommended,242700,10339291,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Emprepper Pepperteam,"best fighting game ever, I have played them all (War Gods N64)"
,Recommended,242700,10339751,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Brandon,Short campaign but still worth it for replayability.
76561198059419401,Recommended,242700,10340604,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Goose,"Because of my love for the world of Batman, I went to Joel Schumacher's ""Batman & Robin'' with real anticipation. I got thrilled all over again by the Gothic towers of Gotham City. I was reminded of how cool the Batmobile is (Batman has a new one), and I smiled at the fetishistic delight with which Batman and Robin put on their costumes, sheathing themselves in shiny black second skins and clamping on lots of belts, buckles, shields, hooks, pulleys, etc. (How much does that stuff weigh? How do they run while they're wearing it?) But my delight began to fade at about the 30-minute mark, when it became clear that this new movie, like its predecessors, was not *really* going to explore the bizarre world of its heroes, but would settle down safely into a special effects extravaganza. ""Batman & Robin,'' like the first three films in the series, is wonderful to look at, and has nothing authentic at its core.There is a scene that illustrates what I mean. It comes during the dreary central section of the film. Bruce Wayne (George Clooney) dines at home with his fiancee for the past year, Julie Madison (Elle MacPherson). Julie says she would like to spend the rest of her life with Wayne. Bruce hems and haws and talks about his bachelorhood and the complications of his life. Julie looks as if she has heard all of this before. The scene is interrupted by an emergency.Watching it, I realized why it makes absolutely no difference who plays Batman: There's nobody at home. The character is the ultimate Suit. Garb him in leather or rubber, and he's an action hero--Buzz Lightyear with a heartbeat. Put him in civilian clothes, and he's a nowhere man.I've always suspected they cast movie Batmans by their chins, which is all you see when the Bat costume is being worn, and Clooney has the best chin yet. But like Michael Keaton and Val Kilmer, he brings nothing much to the role because there's nothing much there. Most of the time he seems stuck for conversation. I think the way to get him started would be to ask about his technological gimmicks. This is a guy who would rather read the Sharper Image catalog than Playboy.The series has been driven by its villains. They make some good memories: Jack Nicholson as the Joker, Danny DeVito as the Penguin, Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman, Tommy Lee Jones as Two-Face, Jim Carrey as the Riddler. In ""Batman & Robin'' we get Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr. Freeze, a man who can survive only by keeping his body at zero degrees (Celsius? Fahrenheit? absolute?), and Uma Thurman as Poison Ivy, a botanist who turns into an evil plant and wages war against animals. They earn their places in the pantheon of Batman's enemies, but the screenplay doesn't do them justice: It meanders, and some of the big action sequences are so elaborate, they're hard to follow (examples: the one where Freeze's men play hockey with a diamond, and a completely pointless motorcycle chase).Listening to Schwarzenegger's one-liners (""The iceman cometh!''), I realized that a funny thing is happening to the series: It's creeping irresistibly toward the tone of the 1960s TV show. The earlier Batman movies, especially the dark   ""Batman Returns"" (1992), made a break with the camp TV classic and went for moodier tones. But now the puns and punchlines come so fast the action has to stop and wait for them. Although we don't get the POW! and WHAM! cartoon graphics, this fourth movie seems inspired more by the TV series than the Bob Kane comic character.The plot: Mr. Freeze wants to freeze everybody (""First Gotham--then the world!'') while bringing back to life the cryogenically frozen body of his beloved wife. Poison Ivy wants to destroy all animals and free the globe for her new kinds of genetically engineered plants. Ivy attracts Batman and Robin (and every other man in view) with her seductive perfume, and tricks Mr. Freeze into helping her, until he catches on. Thurman plays her with a languid drawl that suggests plants *can* have multiple ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Among the supporting characters is the faithful old butler Alfred (Michael Gough), who seems to be dying, and asks philosophical questions such as, ""For what is Batman but an attempt to control the chaos that sweeps our world?'' Midway in the action, Alfred's niece (Alicia Silverstone) turns up, and finds herself a job as Batgirl, although the movie can never decide whether Robin (Chris O'Donnell) is more attracted to her or to Poison Ivy. Another interesting character is a bionic muscleman named Bane (Jeep Swenson), who is Poison Ivy's pet monster. Chemicals pump his muscles to six times life-size, and there are opportunities here for satire on Schwarzenegger's movie roles, but all of them are studiously avoided.What I'll remember from the film are some of the images, such as the Gotham Observatory, which is inside a giant globe held aloft far above the city streets by a towering statue in the Grecian style. And I will remember Mr. Freeze sadly looking at a little music-box figure of his wife. And Alfred poignantly searching his family tree on his computer. And Ivy's leafy eyebrows.My prescription for the series remains unchanged: scale down. We don't need to see $2 million on the screen every single minute. Give the foreground to the characters, not the special effects. And ask the hard questions about Bruce Wayne. There is a moment in the film where we learn that the new telescope in the Gotham Observatory can look at any place on Earth. ""Just don't point it at my bedroom,'' Bruce Wayne chuckles. What is he chuckling about?"
76561197967004626,Recommended,242700,10341138,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Motegi,This game is phenomenal through and through.
76561198014634650,Not Recommended,242700,10341327,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,prhale,Horrible for the PC.  Keyboard mapping works but default keys have to be used to navigate through system.Would like a refund...  And that's saying alot since it was only $5.Uninstalling now...
,Not Recommended,242700,10341406,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,-AW- Adretheon,Im sure this game is really fun when it doesn't play like its running waist deep in mud...wish they'd fix this. Also wish I hadn't wasted money on it...
76561198064600589,Recommended,242700,9803283,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Tazman,One of my favorite fighting games of all time!
76561197992036271,Recommended,242700,9805767,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,CyroTemplar,Simple and fun.
76561197977529046,Recommended,242700,9508827,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,EverFrost #FreeKekistan,Nice fighting game if you like DC Comics.
76561198046610151,Recommended,242700,9401756,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,CptSnuggle,"Pro: fighting mechanics, graphics, replayabilityCons: horrible matchmaking, it can take a hour or more to find a match online.Inustice is a game that hits the sweet spot for a fighting game that's not overly complicated, or too easy. My wife and i both enjoy playing local multiplayer. (my wife doesn't usually play games)"
76561198101274942,Recommended,242700,9939776,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Casper,Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198090454025,Not Recommended,242700,9868678,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,ANY } LAST { WORD,"stupid really what kind of game is that with bug, how i set the low graphic setting also moving slow motion don't buy this game it is suck"
,Recommended,242700,9869625,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Targran,"What can I say, it's DC heroes fighting eachother. I think Netherrealm did a great job on this keeping the franchise seperate after their last catastrophe that was MK vs DC. The story is good the fighting mechanics easily flow and its amazing to be able to destroy the environments."
76561198020483915,Recommended,242700,10964618,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jon_sm91,Great game runs smoothly
76561198047223453,Recommended,242700,10964730,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bryvin,Amazing story completed in a 4 hour one time sitting.
,Not Recommended,242700,11292740,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,DarthMaster,Slowdowns and crashes make it a very poor PC port. Avoid.
76561198109958729,Recommended,242700,11216977,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,erikx96,Dat game tho
76561197970541793,Recommended,242700,11217253,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,LoveAlotBear,"Awesome story line, loved the single player! (but the combat is boring and stiff.)Totally worth it for the single player campaign,(while I recommend, I do not HIGHLY recommend. 7/10, ) Get it for maybe $7."
,Recommended,242700,11252398,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Captain Jack Storm,"I love this game so much, the history is fantastic, especially because is using the DC factor: Alternate Universes. The gameplay is fantastic, the graphics are too even in the lowest resolution, so yeah, crappy PCs will running it with lag even in the lowest resolution :p. The only bad (for me) is that in Local multiplayer it lags sometimes, but still being a really good game, 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242700,12007076,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,intox. Sorano,"This is an awesome game for LAN parties. Really brings back the old PVP arcade genre. Awesome story, epic graphics and moves.*DOWNSIDE* Online mutliplayer is latency-bound, and some players exploit this. Also, there is virtually no difficulty scaling on the AI players."
76561198035708788,Recommended,242700,12085920,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,trebor205,Awsome Game! Detail is amazing. The first game of its type ive played in a decade and really impressed
76561198088762967,Recommended,242700,11905603,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,dunsel1969,"by far the best version of the game, such great fun"
,Recommended,242700,11917468,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,I HAVE THE HIGH GROUND!,Harley Quinn Simulator
76561198130483787,Recommended,242700,12113270,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,WhoreBot,it good
,Not Recommended,242700,12115341,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Mr.Phantom,"Let me know when I can play it, the frame rate still is horrible.  Not going to play this in slow motion, fix the damn game."
,Recommended,242700,10338855,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Kdansky,"The match-making is not very good, but the actual game works better than the PS3 version."
76561197999631368,Recommended,242700,12160730,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Eddie Killer,Simple and fun game. Go for it! :D
,Recommended,242700,10435850,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SkiFa #LovesKotikoff,gdg
76561197993429365,Recommended,242700,12151251,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,oatswain,"the game is great but the manual is just a copy of the box cover and as such is worthless , luckyIGN.comcomes thru with a real  manual"
,Recommended,242700,11991393,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,sparksdb,"I think this is a solid brawler. It's fun to play with friends, but quickly loses its lustre playing solo.There is a lot of farming in this game. I like how Super Smash Brothers approaches farming, where rewards are more of a pleasant surprise and where an hour or two of dedication will get you something. Injustice requires too much farming for their rewards. Not everyone wants to put 80 hours into a game to make it 10% more fun."
,Recommended,242700,11930013,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,bluegaze,It's fun. I enjoy it. But more people should play because I want to play against real people instead of CPU
76561198041980841,Recommended,242700,11983226,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,dubya_reid,"I'm not a huge fighter fan, but I like DC comics. This game appropriately titillated my nerdiness for comics and kept it fun.Variety of characters, everyone is unique enough to not feel like a reskin of another character.Graphics are stunning which is pretty much required for a fighting game.Controls are tight (if you have a controller, don't even bother if you're mouse and keyboarding this one).Story mode forces you to play multiple characters so you don't have the typical fighting game experience (you know, where you just fight everyone but yourself, then fight yourself, then fight a boss).However, unless you're into the hyper competitive online multiplayer scene this game will be but a short distraction from other games that offer a more immersive experience."
,Recommended,242700,12017107,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,DPNurple,Had a blast playing the story. Definitely recommend this game
76561198073265099,Recommended,242700,12177830,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,SwankyPants,Needs moar xmans
76561198130231586,Recommended,242700,12179160,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ur mum,"Wow, this game was A LOT better than I had expected! First of all, it has a lot of special exclusive things that you start off with, such as 6 new characters, over 40 star labs missions, (little challenges) and DLC skins for everyone, (except the 6 new characters) Also, it's currently $7.50 right now, until Tuesday. It's FANTASTIC, has a great story mode, and you get to explore the personalities and lore of 30 DC characters. It also has Multiplayer with a friend, or online versus. It's a great 2D platform fighting game, with action every 2-4 minutes. You can customize hero cards (gamer cards) and unlock concept art/music. This game is OUTSTANDING, expecially for the price of $7.50. I'd probably give this game a 8.5/10"
76561198133103619,Recommended,242700,12179824,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,JoedatbeME,I havent played a fighting game in a long time and so far I'm enjoying it.  I'm about an hour in and about to start another session.  Its currently on sale for $7.49 and at that price it's definitely worth it.
76561198122753351,Recommended,242700,12180128,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,appgamer19,The game lags and it goes slow want to fix it but don't know how I have intel pentium processor. My HP laptop is 4GB DDR3 Memory and 750GB Hard Drive. Don't know why some games it works perfectly and when it comes to Injustice: God Among Us
,Recommended,242700,12180179,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,¤☣wing☢zeяo☣¤™,"Best fighting game ever? No. Best single player story mode ever? YesIt's no SF but the single player story is awsome, it's just like watching a good move and you have a few fights inbetween, the fighting still has that MK feel about it everything feels a little stiff and awkward but you get used to it, i got it for £5 on sale which is worth it for the single player but for a online fighting game still SFIV any day."
,Not Recommended,242700,12180449,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Batman420,this game need to be completley reworked as it dosent run on an hd screen and if you have 2 monitors hooked up it dosent styay to the default monitor and jumps all over. the controls are so rediculus and♥♥♥♥♥backwords. will be trying to get a refund if possible. waste of time and waste of money!
76561198009490206,Recommended,242700,12180499,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,mentalshark,Put simply this is fairly similar to Mortal Kombat but the online is noticeably better. It is decently balanced and the networking is now pretty good. If you like fighting games similar to Mortal Kombat or the DC universe characters then this is a recommended title hands-down. By the way the King of the Hill mode is probably my favorite.
,Recommended,242700,12181129,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,BeeAre,"B+ Fun Fighter.  It plays like Mortal Kombat, except no block button (hold back to block).Combos are easy to land, no one frame links like Street Fighter.  Simple special moves.Kinda a dumbed down fighter for the masses. That's not a diss against it, it's  just the checkers to SF4's chess.The story mode is well done and interesting. Even if you only have a basic knowledge of DC comics you will be able to understand what's happening and enjoy it.  It forces you to play as a varity of charecters to progress the story; which is a nice way to find your favorite charecter.Lots of modes to play, I've easy spent double my Steam playtime hanging with homies playing this on xbox.Aquaman is rad."
76561198006626828,Recommended,242700,12181474,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Arxidotrixas,"A great game but unfortunatly if u are a multiplayer fun , u ll be desapointed cause u'll find no online game to join"
76561197970529119,Recommended,242700,12182018,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Static10101,"Fighting games are my next to last favorite genre of games (sports being at the bottom), however I am immensely enjoying the campaign mode in this title.  I let optimization turn down most everything graphically, and still this game looks fantastic.  Perhaps my bias as a comic book nerd comes into play, but I really, really like the story they have cooked up so far."
76561198027672360,Recommended,242700,10082869,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Satna Claus,"I have an odd relationship with Injustice on PC. On console I got it when it came out, played the story 2-3 times, owned multiplayer lobbies. I got it for PC for the DLC and so I can play while talking with my friends. First reactions: graphics are good. Second reaction: Buggy as crap. The fight was slow motion because when the game was ported from console it was still frame dependent or independent or whatever, meaning they churned out every frame even if the pc couldn't handle it. Most games turn down the FPS if the console isn't good enough and yet thats not how Injustice rolled because hey it works on console, but on pc it made Batman walk slower then a turtle in molasses. This is bad but then kabambam found a fix online and it's good as new. The game is fun, unique to MK but has the same style as it, lots of well known heroes but also vague ones for hardcore fans. Costumes, good story. My one complaint, however?Multiplayer. Multiplayer in this game is amazing, it gives the highest replay value to all fighting games and I:GAU does it greatly. You can find a single opponet, or you can join lobby-esque rooms where you can challenge people or chill and chat with people. You can find (my favorite) Survivor/KOTH matches, where there's like 5-6 people but there's 1 fight at a time. You lose? Back to the bottom of the list. You win? Fight the next guy. Survivor is just KOTH but when you win you keep the amount of health you had when you won, preventing good people from bein up there forever. You can even bet on who will win, chat with people in the lobby. It was awesome and fun on console when the game came out, yes. But the actual complaint? NOONE PLAYS MULTIPLAYER. I mean, literally not one person. I have sat searching for koth, survivor, single matches and not one, not even being dragged up into higher levels or down into lower level opponets. Find a room? Every single room has 0 people. So to fix my only complaint you guys should totally add me and play with me hahahah please.So, in conclusion or TL;DR game is GOOD little buggy but worth it. Preferably buy it on sale because 30 bucks yeesh but it comes with a GOOD amount of DLC which some people paid 30 bucks for on its own. Most serious issues have fixes on google so find it and then when you're ready to face those people online to hone your skills there wont be any. Sucks. I give this 10/10 solely so more people will buy it and play online."
,Recommended,242700,21362874,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Galvertron,Still my favorite fighting game of all time. Love this game
76561198052363103,Recommended,242700,24235618,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Knightmon X,Great looking game combat system is nice too. Great game runs well even on my laptop. This is a fighting game so don't use a keyboard. Please bring injustice 2 to steam!!!
76561198068436126,Recommended,242700,16780100,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Tonda Zápotocký,PLZ JOKER
,Recommended,242700,17065592,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Yung Padowan,pastrami
76561198082133339,Recommended,242700,17083612,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Blackstar,"This is a great fighting game, and is lots of fun to play with friends. 9/10"
76561198088270185,Recommended,242700,17315039,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Salt,"I love this game becasue of it's superheroes and fluid fighting(i'm also a big DC fan), but this was made by the same people who made mkx...so i was expecting a lot more blood/gore."
76561198088100909,Recommended,242700,17273794,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,rryy,If mortal Kombat is a little much for you this game is perfect
76561198170044905,Recommended,242700,17100776,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Zombiekingali,"At first I thought the game is waste. Then its funner to play with other people. The game is great . and the singleplayer story is very interesting and fun, i realy reccomend this game"
76561198030404344,Recommended,242700,17101497,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,SneakyBeat,Can't speak for the multiplayer as Neatherrealm has yet to put out a game with good net code but I reasonably enjoyed story mode and the achievement hunting I did. Grab it for cheap.
,Recommended,242700,17250595,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,FiftyTwoeighty,Mortal Kombat meets super heros can't beat that!
76561198077953361,Recommended,242700,17254687,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kryder,As fighting games go it's nothing special. But it has a great story and a decent selection of favourtie DC characters.
,Recommended,242700,10779889,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Birdwatcher_37,"Mortal Kombat with super heroes. Also, the best line ever:Scorpion: ""You're no sub zero!""Batman ""I'm Batman!"""
76561198170004137,Recommended,242700,16773949,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,LionBlaze1,"You start a battle as Deathstroke, and you then commence to destroy everyone that they throw at you."
,Recommended,242700,16775177,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ZombieFish,"My absolute favorite fighting game of all time. The controls are solid, none of the characters feel especially overpowered when played well, the animations are awesome, the story is fantastic, everything about this game is great. If you're looking for online multiplayer, you're going to be out of luck. I've had this game for months and I've never once seen another person online. However, if you can get this cheap and you love fighting games, I can't recommend this enough. If you like DC characters you'll adore this game."
,Recommended,242700,16775259,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,azstarwolf,"Out of all the fighting games I've played.. Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter, Fight for Life, etc.. this is the only one I've managed to sit through and actually enjoy. Mostly due to me being a fan of the characters and comics.. but still.. very enjoybable I must say."
76561197983798420,Recommended,242700,13438761,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Shaolinist,"Bunch of heroes battling it out!!!If you like Mortal Kombat controls, you will like this game!"
,Recommended,242700,16936355,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,BIGGER BOSS.,"I previously gave this game a bad review, but now I'm giving it a good review because it wasn't just Injustice that was having the problems. All my OTHER games were having problems. It's all good now. This game is AMAZING!!!"
76561198082709122,Recommended,242700,17426790,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,waynechan55,A very nice story for the fans of superhero
,Recommended,242700,17428599,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kazuhira Miller,"Amazing game... for console that is. If you have an XBOX controller you can use, then by all means get this game, and ♥♥♥♥ everyone up. The keyboard controls are very confusing, and not ergonomic whatsoever, so it's troubling, and hard at first to get the hang of the game. 10/10 would buy on console."
,Not Recommended,242700,16194735,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ashmore,Do not give any more money to these racketeers. ONLINE PLAY SIMPLY DOES NOT WORK.
76561198223452212,Recommended,242700,16557508,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,csgolive.com,this it the best game  i ever playd
76561198018776982,Recommended,242700,16559835,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[TUF],"An excellent buy for $5-10.Plays perfect at highest settings (i5 4570; GTX770).Basic combo driven side scroll, 3D fighting game.Has everything except a deep enough pool of charactors.  A+ graphics.  A+combo diversity,Needs more toons to choose from and online need major support.-=T=-"
,Recommended,242700,16536702,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Spectronick,10/10
,Recommended,242700,16546144,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cloud9 bills,Nice mechanics
,Recommended,242700,16548448,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Killumgood,beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my friend 10/10
76561198057760141,Recommended,242700,16361456,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FadeStrider,You can be superman...9/10
76561198067138135,Recommended,242700,16255449,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Fappy-Panda,best game ever
76561198068187825,Recommended,242700,16332857,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,smedley707,i always wanted this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,242700,16576576,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BEFORETHECITADEL,I really like this game. Single player is really cool.I don't know if the servers don't work or what but since I've bought this game i've never been able to find a game online.would recommend if i could find games online but i can't so don't recommend
,Recommended,242700,16274597,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,배가아파요,Is fight game
,Recommended,242700,16312553,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Tax Deduction,"Great fighting game, but it functions more like Street Fighter than Mortal Kombat."
76561198102302475,Recommended,242700,16378484,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TOPAZconviction,Fantasicalls
76561198126939378,Recommended,242700,15552645,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"meh.good enough for a few hours, but it seriously lacks any kind of replay value or attraction to go in depths with the mechanics.if you like beat 'em ups and haven't tried that yet. maybe buy something more challenging and interesting.DC fan? well, why haven't you bought it yet? it's the equivalent of the 52 Justice League variant covers, so you must have it :Pfacit: on a sale I say go. But original price? no, no"
76561198169126064,Recommended,242700,15552876,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Mr. Cat,genial
,Recommended,242700,15717111,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,xxzombiexxdollxx,"Absolutely love this game! I enjoy playing as Batman, Raven, or the Joker."
76561198212437652,Recommended,242700,15368434,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,♥ Harley Quinn ♡,Really fun game when it decides it wants to run at 60 fps >_> i have a really good pc and i optomized the setting for my graphics card and the game randomly decides when it wants to run at 20 fps or 60 fps...other than that annoyance its fun lol
,Recommended,242700,15371733,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,[zig]SithExarKun,"Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, Batman!Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, Batman!Batman, Batman, Batman!"
76561198041911541,Not Recommended,242700,15373238,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ikabite,"The core game is fun.Base mechanics are easy to grasp, and at least the story mode can be completed without any mastery. Some may call it a casual fighter, but I enjoyed it nevertheless.The main issue, and I consider this a huge one is... If you're planning on using keyboard controlls, DO NOT BUY IT. Having rebound the keys, half of the action sequences plainly don't work. Call me an idiot, but I had no clue as to how trigger the game menu either, nothing, apart from Alt-Tabbing out of the game seemed to work, and at times, controls just stop functioning in the damn menu screen, making parts of the game, like Star Labs inaccesible."
76561198181907413,Recommended,242700,15333558,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Ma7t93,"It's probably a really fun game if I could actually play it.Surprisingly I need my ps3 controller to play it which is no problem but sadly, all and I mean all the tutorials online telling me how to connect and activate my controller onto my pc don't work.  My pc is windows 8 so most tutorials didn't work. Please help :("
,Recommended,242700,22398369,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Pickle Rick #unique_name,MEH.....Just meh
,Recommended,242700,22358623,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,iS4ID | ZEUS,"Melhor Adptação de Quadrinhos pra Game, na minha opinião(exceto o escudo da Mulher Maravilha :P)"
76561198088447834,Recommended,242700,22137966,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,LightningComet,"A clear-cut and not-at-all-surprising 8 / 10Pros:- Amazing cast of characters! Only a few are missing from this roster, but you won't really care. All characters are unlocked from the start! Some really great skins are added here, although some characters have far fewer additional skins than others. A few, like Regime Sinestro, are kinda ridiculous, but that's ok. Effort was put into making the characters different depending on their skins as well. This was an extremely deserved an well-executed touch. Most of these effects are shown in Clashes when characters speak. Also, they speak to each other! That rocks!- Solid, fast-paced fighting mechanics makes this game as much of a thrill to watch as to play. Combos need to be practiced to be made perfect, no question. More on Practice mode later. The fast gameplay can be daunting for new players, but the game is fantastic at ranging difficulty and training in Practice mode, so don't be SCURRED :) You will be fine with enough time and energy.- Use of envirornment will give advantage, but these option can be toggled if you don't want that. Use of enviornmentals is versatile and varies between the different character types, thus making stage selection very important! There is quite a large variety for what is used and how they are used. In terms of enviornments alone, Injustice surpasses practically any other fighter out there, including games from Netherrealm Studios.- Graphics, sounds, and voices all spot on (Raven's voice is a little off, though). Easily some of the best background graphics in any fighter. I really, really want to emphasize the graphics and sounds; these are one of the best highlights of the game, no question. Each sound effect feels real and the movements and expressions of the models are eerily lifelike.- Characters are well balanced, pandering to all types of players and their preferences, although there are not enough gadeget characters like Batman, Nightwing, and Green Arrow. Would be nice to have more of these (Arsenal, Red Robin, Red Hood, Ravager, etc.)- Practice mode is extensive (with players able to record playbacks of combos) and statistics for every single move, such as frame counts and damage, are all noted and easy to find. Also, these moves can be pinned onto the game screen for players new to the character they are using (noobs and pros alike!). Definitely one of the highlights- Story is interesting and hard to stop playing. I have played it at least 10 times and I still love it.- Some 300 mini extra side missions (S.T.A.R Labs) to play through (some are very difficult!!!).- Online mode works well with a decent frame rate, despite very, VERY small population. I never froze up. Multiple game modes in multiplayer (King of the Hill, Survivor, Private/Ranked Rooms, 1v1), but TAG TEAM IS MISSING! THIS IS A HUUUUUUUUUGE LET DOWN!!!!- Battles mode is full of ladders that range from doable to impossible. Character endings are unlocked here.Cons:- As aforementioned, NO TAG TEAM!!! WHYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????? They even teased it!!! :((((- Controls on the keyboard will take either a ton of getting used to or (like me) a lot of editing.- Characters are plentiful, but Stages are sorely lacking. Most players just pick a select few they like and stick with them the whole way. A couple are even clones of each other! Where is Titans' Tower? Where is Star City? Some iconic locations are really missed among fans like myself.- Character intros, outros, and Super moves NEVER CHANGE! This gets annoying, even though the Supers are still cool.- One thing wrong with fighting mechanics: once your opponent starts juggling, not much you can do if you can't Clash to break the combo. This is a glaring issue only if they have mastered combos that take, like, 91% of your health, so be wary of your opponents.- Multiplayer: TOO MANY SPAMMERS OF DEATHSTROKE AND JOKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Uncool, guys.- Lacking motivation and reward for S.T.A.R. Labs missions, especially with this Ultimate Edition where pretty much everything is unlocked.- Game is taxing on your CPU. You need a really high-end processor for this game, unfortunately. Not like Batman: Arkham Knight, but still a pretty good one is needed.- Despite awesome Practice Mode, Tutorial mode is really lacking and barebones. It doesn't thoroughly teach you all of the ins and outs of the gameplay, so you just have to find them for yourself.- Story mode takes only about 4 to 5 hours the first time around, and that's being generous. Most can finish it in a little over 3.Also, mini games are crammed into the story (mostly QTEs, although Green Arrow's was good) that really just detract from the story's gameplay experience even though they give a health advantage or disadvantage to the player depending on how they do.Despite all these shortcomings, the game is just so fun it will more than make up for these complaints that seem more like nitpicks rather than game-changing flaws. This is a title you can keep coming back to, whether alone or with a friend, and will have many an hour  pounding Joker's laughing butt or Luthor's bald head through buildings and into the ground. The level of detail this game has gives a practically flawless aesthetic feel while playing, and with the sounds, graphics, and fast-paced action of the core gameplay, you won't care about any S.T.A.R. Labs stuff or the Tutorial. For fans, there are enough character related details, skins, and lines that will keep you satisfied.In all honesty, I have to recommend this game not because it's a great DC game, or a great fighting game in the NRS lineup, but because it's just a great game overall. I think I was a bit too specific in the cons section, because you really won't notice some of them for quite a while. Well, when you play the game for a 100+ hours, that's what happens. :)Peace everyone, and enjoy! Thanks for reading! :)))  :)))-LC"
76561198012833532,Recommended,242700,22069468,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"You need gamepad to play this, or better yet, two of them. Playing the game with friends is the best choice you can make, seeing who will win in a fight, Doomsday or Wonder Woman, Lobo or Superman, each hero/villain has different fight style and they are so much fun to play with. Along with Mortal Kombat, the best PC fighter game."
,Recommended,242700,22186303,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Psychedelic Mind,Good fighting game if you're into heros and villains and even if you don't it's still pretty fun to play. It takes time and patience to be able to pull of combos but not too hard. Overall it's a gud game
,Recommended,242700,22101702,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ali1m2020,just old good game  :)
76561198196747766,Recommended,242700,22116663,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Thingyfloaty the Tree Sheep!,"Good game.  Fun, but story mode takes no time"
,Recommended,242700,22197968,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Karpet Terbang,I actually really like this game...  and I don't even know why... 10/10 would like again
,Recommended,242700,22208934,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,minimoeoga,Fight heroes and villians. Cool game.
,Not Recommended,242700,22283020,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Wunzy,"Do not waste your time on this game, I have 2 gtx 950s with a top of the line motherboard and processor and this crap game still lags.... it AMAZES ME that this garbage is allowed to even be sold for a monetary value on this marketplace. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY"
76561198202624941,Recommended,242700,22362798,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Strings,"This game is great! If you have a controller..The game comes with preset controls that are just messy and don't work with your hands at all.For example. 'G' is accept and 'J' is back. What the hell was wrong with enter and backspace/escape?And to pause the game you have to press 4 - What?I think this is a great game, but there are so many buttons you have to press and so many different attacks and moves and stuff that it's just hard to keep up with it as a beginner to this kind of game.But by all means, if you have a Dualshock4 or an xbox one controller then you should be all good to go.I've seen other people complaining about FPS but mine seems fine, although mine is quite above the reccommended PC specs :)"
,Recommended,242700,22192007,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,plastictape,"Love the story, fun game and even funnier dialouge"
,Recommended,242700,22269058,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Zeffi,"An intriguing story with responsive fighting techniques and unique character styles and personalities. It has almost-flawless fighting controls similar to that of Tekken and Street Fighter, and each character has a unique set of moves and personality. For example, the Joker has Laughing Gas and a very sadistic feel. There is a variety of fast and strong characters, some that excel in one area and others that excel in other areas and situations, and each character was a Special Move all for themselves that can show how the characters operate.The story mode is good too. Personally, I'd suggest doing the story mode before heading straight in to battle modes, as the main story of Injustice and how each character operates will be revealed. The story mode explains how each character is developed and with what costume, yet it can get confusing after a while as to which character is ""real"" and which isn't. I will not explain what I mean by that as that would be a spoiler to the story.Personally, I really like the game, and would recommend it to DC fans, as well as fighting-genre fans too."
76561198215371360,Recommended,242700,22238027,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,baravi208,this will probably be the best superheroes mashup game you will ever play.
,Recommended,242700,22523574,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Tim Drake,fun game really short
76561198043775227,Recommended,242700,21533221,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BeRzErKeR,Great fighter. Enjoyable story. Worth buying.
,Recommended,242700,21677005,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gašper,great
,Recommended,242700,21634211,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Oz,"Picked this up a while back and finally got a controller to play it.Beat single player in less than a day.  Yes, I know there's more content; but honestly I get bored with rock 'em, sock 'em, robots once the story is over.  BUT I played... and while playing did form some opinions which may be interesting.1.  Character design and voice acting are top notch.  Bravo!2.  I self realize that I don't want to memorize all the button sequences for every combo.  A little bit lazy?  Meh.3.  Wow, this is easy on story mode.... a short story at that.4.  Deep down I always knew Supes was a prick.... Shazam!.... oh dang... Shazam......Overall:  Good enough to burn away an afternoon or two, but I'm damn glad I got it on sale."
76561198020052787,Recommended,242700,21531874,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,II Fearless II,"As a comic book nerd I enjoyed the Earth 1/2 story in the game. All (or at least most) of the characters I would want to see in a DC fighting game. The Mortal Kombat engine is well suited for the game. Brutal takedowns and fighting. Great story and a good amount of extras, just wish it was a little longer or had more replay than just random fights. 8/10"
,Recommended,242700,21852672,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Redi Spades,"I have always loved this game because it takes out the over-the-top violence that is usually in Mortal Kombat games and it adds an element that I am very fond of: Superheroes.  This game is fun to play and some of the cutscenes are just plain awesome.  I don't think I will ever tire of hitting people with the Batmobile.As far as people complaining about online play, it works fine now.  I am sure that it was just an issue of intial day Steam release."
76561198086927017,Recommended,242700,15324410,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Sєηραι βɾօӀվ sfm,one of the best games its like mortal kombat and you can use scorpion from mortal kombat :D injustice is a really good game.
76561198053445397,Not Recommended,242700,12227207,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Oceanus,"Sorry, if the game advertises that left, right, ""Y"" gives a batarang, left, right, ""Y"" should give a batarang.  No point in playing a game with broken combo after broken combo."
,Recommended,242700,15326335,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Prophet,"This game is fantastic! I first played it on console and today 12/04/15 saw it on sale for $5 so i had to pick it up!It is so satisfying hitting the opponents. Using the keyboard actually feels better than a controllor as I know that I am pressing the right button and always can land my specials. I am actually really enjoying the story line too. Basically, there's the original heroes and then the insurgents who work for ""evil superman"" and you gotta stop him while playing every hero along the way.The combat is fast, fluid and unpredictable making it always fun and never repetative. I found it hard to find a multiplayer game as the only way to get good is to verse players. Deathstroke is the most annoying to verse, strong upclose and strong far away. AR,Pistols and GL.....The best heroes I like playing are Ares, Aquaman and Green Arrow. They hit hard and suit my play style of up close and personal. Besides GA being an archer he has some great combos and melee attacks. Aquaman hits the hardest by far, smacking someone with the trident is so sasisfying.You could use a controller, (x360) which i will pick up one. Or for now enjoy the PC controls once you've modifyed them! If not it wil be strange G and J for ""Enter and Back"" is strange...ON my laptop this game ran great, 750m 1GB Nvidia card and i7-4700mq processor worked great, you gotta put this in fullscreen and turn shadows off and reduce the graphics and the game still looks amazing! My PC can run it max, and I did but it got annoying when I did are's ultimate  and my game froze... So now, it's no problem.It is a console game and plays best on console, but yet PC prevails and is a solid pickup!The Good+Great combat+Amazing Heroes+Good as campaign+Great viarety of challenges+level up system+Hero skins+GameplayThe Bad-Weird PC controls-Controller's are expensive-Better with a controller (I still think PC controls are the best if you customise them)-controllers can cost you triple the amount you paid for this game! $40 for the adaptor!- Weird graphical problems on max graphics (Not my pc's fault it is more than capable)-Deathstroke...-Huge File size.OverallOn Console, 8/10On PC, 8/10"
,Recommended,242700,15327408,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,dwslump,"They actually did a great job to a single player experience!!! The story mode is excellent, and I had so much fun playing it! If you are a DC Comics fan, you need to play this game!Now, seeing it as a fighting game, to play with your friends local or online, it's good as well, the controllers and possible combos and specials make it a good fighting game."
,Recommended,242700,15328474,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,spazdaq,"The fighting engine isnt anything new, but the graphics are great and the story mode was pretty entertaining."
76561198048337955,Not Recommended,242700,15329263,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Yip Dank,"It's a terrible, terrible port and they don't do anything about it."
76561198136854603,Recommended,242700,15331138,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,happyboy,"It's fun! Seriously, I would totally reccommend this game! DC characters duking it out. Any character is up for grabs. An awesome story. YES!"
,Recommended,242700,15484012,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Just John,"Despite the somewhat lacking character roster and near lack of online multiplayer opponents, an all-in-all good buy if it's on any amount of sale. Hell, the campaign mode alone would of been worth $20 in my opinion. Obviously this isn't a highly competitive fighting game, so balance between the characters is a little... screwy. Some of them are nearly useless without their ultimate power, and some can just spam the Light attack and kill any opponent (Doomsday falls in the latter category. He's a bit of a monster to go against) Offers in-game 'challenges' to help learn each character via a single player mission type where it's basically just ""You're on X map using Y character, perform this combo set to move on to next lesson.""7.5/10, would buy on sale again!"
76561198141367779,Not Recommended,242700,15485134,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Wow_Parzival,"Story-line is good so far and I would like to hear it all, but it's all arcade style 2-D fighting to progress. Not my cup of tea. Great graphics. Lots of great characters. Harley Quinn looks horrible hahaha"
,Not Recommended,242700,15494418,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DaftMeat,"My experience has been very different from most other reviewers. I'm playing on a Sony Vaio SVS151290X laptop which runs games like the Assassin's Creed franchise and Warframe with high visual settings and no problems. Injustice is set down to half normal resulotion and barely any special visuals in order to run smoothly. The PC Xbox controller that I use with all other games seems sluggish and innacurate with this game as well. The sound works fine in fights and cutscenes, but for the ""smack talk"" dialogue at the end of every fight, it strangely goes down to the barest whisper. The game seems fun, but it's a technically problematic puzzle for me."
76561198113660016,Not Recommended,242700,15579422,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,blowfish,"I thought I'll absolutely adore this game as a comic books fan, but average fight system and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story proved me wrong. It could still be fun in multiplayer, but there's no people playing it anymore. Characters are good and there's decent choice to play with, but I'm really not so impressed."
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,242700,15661554,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,wolfinston85,"I think this is one of the worst pc ports i've ever played, if not the worse, aside from the fact that the game locks itself at 30fps each time the framerate drops even by one or so frames, the game looks extremely washed out, even at maxed settings, it's not even a matter about brightness or nothing of the sort, it just looks really bland and not sharp. And the controlers for pc are just awful so there's that, as for right now, wich is almost more than two years since the game launched, this game it's virtually unplayable, shame because it's a really good game."
,Not Recommended,242700,15652141,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Zowayix,"A fighting game where you don't just fight the characters, but you fight the unbelievely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls, no matter what myriad of devices you use. If your response to this review is ""get some stupid ♥♥♥♥ing specialty controller that costs 100 dollars and you won't use in any other game"", you're a moron."
76561198055544599,Not Recommended,242700,15654796,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,John Fuckston,See ya later 5 buckaroos
,Not Recommended,242700,15412159,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Snipess69,This game is a waste unless they fix the Multiplayer Ports.... comeon warner bros get with the program it has been 2 years now you think you would have fixes it..... Tools
,Recommended,242700,15406970,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,~Skinodds.com~CKGR,Epic game from WB with little help from Netherrealm! It remind me the Mortal Kombat and I like! It have good story and long gameplay ! I like that it have all DC Hereos
,Recommended,242700,16032446,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Kxng Spade,10/10
,Recommended,242700,16019329,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,YOdj2001,"Great game! I love it so much! Difficult at first but now that I know the basics, it helps me learn characters quickly. Does need a really good graphics card though... but no matter, overall I recommend it to all gamers who like fighting."
76561197972554126,Recommended,242700,16089246,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Pheonix15k,"Really fun game, great storyline if you like DC comics.  Nonstop action, cool moves.  Favorite fighting game since Street Fighter 2."
,Recommended,242700,16089503,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,LNVFX,"I don't typically review games, since I don't play them a lot..but I must admit, I can't remember the last game I beat..it was probably during my console days. But this game genuinely sucked me in. I sat down, started playing it, and didn't quit until I had defeated Lord Superman. It has a great story line to it, and think you should DEFINITELY give it a try."
76561198058412282,Recommended,242700,15896749,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,You'reAWizardPikachu,I like
,Recommended,242700,15775229,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Punklad,I recommend this game with all my heart i love it.
,Recommended,242700,15778707,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,amaz
76561198065014402,Not Recommended,242700,15735021,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,MLG_Grizzly,"Very hard controls and a keypad, unless you like key smashing i do not recommend you get this game. With a controller it would be fun, yes. But since you are playing on PC most likely you dont have one. Would not buy unless it is on sale and you have a controller."
,Recommended,242700,15687862,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[TBAG] Link,"looks slick, plays slick, and you can be scorpion from MK. a must for fans of fighting games and DC comics"
76561198119115090,Recommended,242700,15546803,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DickFish,"Tell me, do you bleed?You will.When I tase you and hit you with the goddamn batmobile!"
,Recommended,242700,15736833,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,landrei.munteanu,"Nice game to play with the friends, but it is a little crazy at the combos."
,Recommended,242700,15349909,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Soviet,Might be the best fighting game out there.
76561198134237939,Recommended,242700,15351273,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Antlers,Bought and installed game.Ran it.Did tutorial.Played story mode (took more or less 4 hours)Raged because couldn't beat final boss.Beated final boss.Looked around.Played some more.10/10 Perfect rage
,Not Recommended,242700,15351414,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,DeadHedgehog,"One of the worst PC ports i have ever played.The cotnrols are just aweful. WHO navigates in a menu via G,J,1 and 4???? btw those things change randomly while you navigate. You can change the controls, but the on screen indicators don't, which is gamebreakign in QTEs because it shows the default keys instead of the new ones. Even worse: most of the key hits aren't even registered correctly, which makes it imossible to do combos (and i use a gamer keyboard that registeres up to 5 keyhits at the same time so it's not that). You can press the combo keys in what ever speed you want the game will execute something random. Making a wavedash in SSB Melee is easier than making combos with a keyboard in this game!Guys you can't just take a console game make it run on a PC and call it a port!The game it self is fine eventhough the story is awkward and has so many plotpoints (good superman kills countless civilians and it isn't even addressed) the costumes look nice though.I recommend playing it on a console because it's basicaly the same game with better controls."
76561198173604649,Recommended,242700,15331967,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,MR ALVIAN CAT,I am DC fan Comics. This game is awesome with story and gameplay. Recommended!
,Recommended,242700,15332341,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,.Globb,not a bad purchase for $5! good looking roster!
76561198220484620,Recommended,242700,15332472,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Naro,"The DC Characters and the fight in Mortal Kombat style, moreover add a crisis of the two worlds story and you'll have this amazing game! I don't like the beat'em up but this is GREAT!!!"
76561198012031982,Recommended,242700,15335423,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Scorp18,"First of all I have to state that when it comes to beat 'em up-s I had only (seriously) played the MK series, so this ""review"" is mostly written in comparison to MK9.I saw that Injustice is made by the same company and decided to give it a try (specially at the low price of 3,50 eu). I knew that the graphics and sound would be good, but the question was, is it MK9 with other characters or is there any other difference?It's not a ""copy"" of MK by any means. The gameplay is quite different and some changes forced me to pass through the tutorial. I like the fact that some buttons work differently with each hero and that their basic moves are not so similar between each other as are those of MK9. However, I'd prefer my ""block"" button in place rather than using ""back"" or ""down"" to block an attack. The game also has a story mode which is the most interesting part of the game in my opinion (same like in MK9).All in all, I enjoyed the game very much and it's a very good alternative to MK9. I wouldn't call it a ""must-have"" but I'd say that, most likely, any gamer would enjoy it."
,Recommended,242700,15338196,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,LNoeh,Nice Game!!
,Recommended,242700,16745507,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,TheFormerKing,"Gives a feel similar to Mortal Kombat, but with the exciting heroes and villians of the DC Universe(and Scorpion for some reason) I'd recommend this game with 5/5 Joker Cards. Creative and overall, just a great experience, would love to see more players online."
,Recommended,242700,16625141,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Shovah85,Single Player is fun.Con: online community was dead when I tried to play a game. Might have been just the time I was on.
,Recommended,242700,16639508,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Commane,The Aqua Man doesn't suck simulator.
,Recommended,242700,16691909,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,n1xx,"Love the way The Flash runs around the world to hit a solid punch, too bad that it doesn't open a time portal in the opponent's face."
,Recommended,242700,18634081,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,KanEDGY,"modded so many costumes into this game it ain't even funny, best 5 bucks i ever spent"
,Recommended,242700,18633323,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,KantoKinte,FIX THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I CAN'T STAND THE FRAMESKIPPING! UNPLAYABLE!
,Recommended,242700,18780532,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,</KingPin>,This game is worth every cent and I especially recommend you get it on sale. It has great visuals and is even more fun and immersive for people who like comics. Its also great for people who play the moble version as well because achivements on both platforms tie together on one account.
76561198000739022,Recommended,242700,18900435,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Daniel Simmons,Lots of fun. Love the alt skins and locations. I think it's better than Street Fighter.
76561198098620982,Recommended,242700,19022251,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Layon,"Good as every fighting game. Don't look at screenshots, this game looks a lot better than it is in showcase.Graphics are great and it's so fine working even on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC.9.5/10"
,Recommended,242700,18982379,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Cranioman,"Best fighting game ever created.Awesome History !Lots and lots of fun!For fans of DC comics, or just fighting game fans!Please Play this game ! you won't regret"
76561198229932624,Recommended,242700,19073577,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,QuadParachute,well when they had 75 percent i was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz i payed 20 bucks for it -.-
76561198048157803,Recommended,242700,19312884,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Grimey,The 9.5 would quickly turn into a 10/10 if I could get vs fights to work!
76561198045956707,Recommended,242700,19307340,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ゼロ,Lost my life 10/10
76561198220622581,Recommended,242700,19349852,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Johngxx,"Outside of the MK series, this is one of my favorite fighting games from the XBOX 360.  Getting it on sale was like stealing back a great old memory of a game I played a lot, and getting to do it over again on my 4K monitor.  The game graphics on the 4K are better than the cutscene graphics for a change.  I'm using my XBOX One controller and it's just great!"
76561198139917020,Recommended,242700,19374132,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,MrCrowling,Good game especialy on sale for 5 eur. Very comperable to MK. So good value fighting game. Only downside is the multiplater. The rooms seems to be all the time empty. But if you have a buddy to play with or go thtough the story line its a game for you ;]
,Recommended,242700,19373111,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TwixtorOG,Injustice: Gods Among Us has short campaign and dead multiplayer.
,Recommended,242700,19372774,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,duchessofdork,Awesome.
76561198076573610,Not Recommended,242700,20923219,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,apalehorse,"Don't buy this unless you want to play it on a controller. It doesn't have any kind of optimization for PC, so you're playing a port with the dumbest general controls that you have to hunt and peck to figure out so that you can customize everything. G is the confirm button. Why? Why not. They don't care. This is just easy money."
76561198259552650,Recommended,242700,20944153,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,inaflash,Fun to play with. Flash new 52 woot
,Not Recommended,242700,20208055,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Nephesh Soul,game crashes all the time not playable anymore.
,Not Recommended,242700,20938735,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Hate Pilot,"If it weren't for all the DC characters, this would be the worst fighting game I've ever played. Which it is.So there's no reason to buy this unless you're a real DC fan of some sort...Waste of money anyway.P.S. Was fun only playing with a friend by my side, but that fun expired quickly."
,Not Recommended,242700,20856961,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Sonickick,Its clear that WB Games does not care about their PC players. What a mess of a port.
76561198263613758,Recommended,242700,20863566,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,xwenhui103,"I find this game fairly addictive: if you have played for a little bit (i.e. the classic combat mode), and want to know how the enemies do the crazy combos and start doing some research on combos (this is what gets me started watching online video gameplays), you will understand why I say it's addictive. Practicing the combos and using them in combat with the enemies are fairly rewarding for me. This is one reason why I like this game. THe other reason is the interaction with the environment. This is a delightful design that brings in more variations to the gameplay. Then, I like a lot of the character designs. You can tell that the designers have spent quite some time on them. Now my judgment is based on my expectation. My expectation for this game is perhaps low: I bought this game thinking that I will a couple battles that take me about 15 minutes, then I will go back to do what I need to do. It certainly gets me for more than 15 minutes. Therefore, all in all, I consider this a good game, worthy playing for anyone who has an interest in this type of games."
,Recommended,242700,20747869,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Big Boss,Simply Excellent.The best is use the console edition to release new resources in the mobile edition and the same back.I really like a lot this game.
76561198071032142,Recommended,242700,17701352,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Potato,"I've completed the story node and can say that it is a very fun game. After the story there are other options for single player fights, but the online seems to not work. 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,242700,17657726,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Seven,I actually preferred this game to MK9 made by the same developer.  However for the price I would not recommend unless you have other friends who will play.  Fantastic game however would not recommend for this reason.
76561198087493832,Recommended,242700,30516104,Posted: 14 March,all,stephan14221,"Runs well on my PC, a lot of fun and has many features missing from the original the game."
76561198045146640,Recommended,242700,17481095,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,cronus_1331,"It's a fun fighter game. If you're a DC fan buy it. It has cool moves/combos for each character and great animations. The graphics aren't bad and the story is good too.I recommend to buy it on sale, but if you're a hardcore DC fan the regular price might be worth it."
,Not Recommended,242700,16835791,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,aviadr1,controls are atrociously bad with a keyboard.
76561198022629692,Recommended,242700,16965752,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Lord_Galaxy,"Amazing , good , excellent.. etc"
76561197964041349,Recommended,242700,16907929,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Kinryu,"It's like playing through a 5 hour movie, inwhich you control the fight scenes. very enjoyable :)"
,Recommended,242700,17142593,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,oxy,the graphics of this game is beautiful
76561198325436889,Recommended,242700,30512988,Posted: 14 March,all,coccoom96,Good for a party
76561198148140665,Not Recommended,242700,12600370,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,FGC Lone Ace,This game i do not recemond worst port is the PC version At first this game was good i enjoyed it but until i found out the online is dead. I could never find a oppoent online plus ive noticed some input lag. I got this on PS3 when it first came out and it was awesome but do not buy the PC version unless u want no online and input lag.
,Recommended,242700,16839243,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,👽 UBERKOALA <<|TWS|>> 👽,"""Must I remind you of this game's superiority?"" - Lex Luthor"
,Recommended,242700,18000063,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Pringles On My Tea,This is a review
76561198112378864,Recommended,242700,18120709,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,mundis12,cool ...
76561198125226023,Recommended,242700,18121552,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ScreamStar,Picked this up for $5.00 - no complaints.Allowing the system to run the optimization scan then RESTARTING the game fixed the lag issues for me entirely.
76561198091409053,Recommended,242700,18126073,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ChuChu,Even though I've only played a couple of hours so far I can tell I will have many more hours on it yet.
76561198111795435,Recommended,242700,18130176,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Bear02,add me pls
,Not Recommended,242700,18108826,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,God the Great,"This game is a good single player game . And the developers has a good sense of humor puting the multiplayer option just for decor, obviously they don't give a damn for fixing the problem who last since 29 nov 2013. Save money , stop buying this game.I recommend this game only for people without internet."
76561198170068747,Recommended,242700,18109000,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ShinyMudkip251,This game is really fun in both Singleplayer & Multiplayer. It is like Mortal Kombat without Fatalities and instead Superheroes & Villains from the DC Universe. I would get it if you like fighting games or DC. Plus it has Batman...
,Not Recommended,242700,18112975,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,brianary,"Ugh. Not worth the five bucks. None of the keyboard controls make sense just for navigating the menus. Immediately abandoned to incomplete instructions: G to accept J to reject additional content. No mention of up or down. Arrow keys don't do anything in the menus, nor does Esc. Still have no idea how to cleanly exit, so I just used Alt+F4.Maybe this is playable with a gamepad of some kind. I'm just not nearly hardcore enough to even get through the tutorial. Took me like 15 mins to get through just the blocking tutorial. Never could execute the advanced special moves.Not for me."
76561198088569561,Recommended,242700,15294763,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Tunasallad,The best fighting game I have played! :D
,Recommended,242700,15296726,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Climbinguy,"I've played the mobile version of this game on my phone since it came out two years ago and it was the only mobile game that lasted more than a month on my phone before i got tired of it. When I saw that the full version made it to PC I was really excited, but since I'm not a huge fan of fighting games, besides super smash bros, I wanted to wait until I was sure I wanted to buy it. When I saw it on sale one day I snatched it right up and played straight through the campaign while learning how to play.If youre a Mortal Kombat fan you should already own this. If youre a DC Comics fan, you should definitely buy this.Like any fighting game, I highly recommend a controller too. It'll make your life so much easier."
76561198002608978,Not Recommended,242700,15298696,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Cytotec,"Keyboard & Mouse Illadvised, Controller Strongly Recommended (at least I hope that works better!)At 50% off this is quite possibly the worst purchase I have made in a very long time. My experience, since purchase, has been nothing but frustration. When I first watched the game trailer I was really intriged seeing all the cool charactors, skins, and themes possible. I had recently played a mortal combat type game at a friends house on his PlayStation and it was an enjoyable experience! Since I really hadn't played this type of game much since childhood, I purchased the game excited to play.First off any computer game should allow the use of the mouse, plain and simple, other such extremely important keys are ""Enter,"" ""Tab,"" and ""Escape."" This game was having none of that  If you are interested in navigating the menu you will have to use ""G equaling forward"" and ""J Equaling back."" Couldn't possibly have the use of the mouse on the menu? Couldn't possibly have used Enter or Tab? The keys they have specified ""G"" and ""J"" are now what you must use. Ok... So after battleing a menu I finaly entered into a Tuorial! Getting somewhere at last!I've been playing computer games since childhood and maybe I'm just still bad at them or the series of mandatorly linked blocks was out of control the attack keys where all over the place ""U"" ""V"" ""T."" Space doesn't Jump, Ctrl doesn't Crouch, just about the only regular gameing format that was used that I could understand  WSAD. I also learned that escape doesn't bring up a menu, It doesn't do anything at all, I would have loved to open settings and change how the format was layed out but that isn't an option. After this series of small potatoe irritations thus far I am still looking forward to actual game play.After finnishing tutorial and changing some keys around (ended up using arrow keys for movment and WASD Space Ctrl LShift for attack commands) I still was unable to get rid of ""G"" and ""J"" or add the use of a mouse. Whatever I am over it lets play campaign!  Cinamatic looks cool, on the edge of my seat waiting for gameplay to begin fingures at the ready. the entro took about 5 minutes I was not prepared for that... by the end of introducing every charactor in the game. Game starts, it took about five rounds for me to become completly disgusted with every aspect of the game dispite how many cool super hero charactors there were.Currently I own 86 games on steam alone and I would rate this game at the very bottom of that list under several ""Early Access""  titles, basically games that aren't even finnished have easier to comprhend menu navigation, and better All around Attention captivation."
76561198101362986,Recommended,242700,15300812,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,bhatz829,"If you are like me, you probably waited for this game to go on sale to buy it. If I knew how awesome this game is, I would have bought it at full price. This game is incredibly epic in so many ways. At first, the controls seemed a bit odd to me. I am not a hardcore fighting gamer, but this game definitly appealed to me after I got use to the controls. It is a lot like a classic 2d fighting game with the ability to use your environment against your opponent. It is only side to side, there is no 3d arena. The story line is incredibly engaging. I had to force myself away from the game to write this review. Though I only have one hour of playing time, I can say, that I have througholy enjoyed this game enough with that one hour to make a review. It is easy to tell whether a fighting game is good or not within the first hour or two. This is a lot lie Mortal Kombat, except it is a lot easier to execute finishing moves."
,Recommended,242700,15312850,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,tanukihat,Punch and kick!
,Recommended,242700,15315710,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,OH MY GLOB,"imho.. better than mk, rlly!!!1"
76561198087450585,Recommended,242700,15303428,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Sigũrd,flawless
,Recommended,242700,15304778,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Wild Mike,"The controls are wierd without a controller and the story is really confusing, but it has good graphics, simple yet rewarding combos, intersesting maps and a bunch of other stuff to like about it."
76561198170581170,Recommended,242700,15305851,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,De Dik :: csgoboss,very good..
,Recommended,242700,15306362,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Heward69,"I picked this up when it was on sale and really enjoyed it. I've only played the story but it kept me hooked throughout. As a fan of DC I loved they way they cleverly created a unique reason as to why the characters were fighting each other, which compelled me to keep playing until the end."
76561198112455824,Recommended,242700,15286929,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Puma/Fox/Lion/Cat,"This one BY FAR redeemed Ed Boon's make with the DC Comics. i wont lie DC vs MK was OK but it wasnt good. this made me want to get in more in DC comics. the combat style was bad♥♥♥♥♥ the interactions with enviroment, the super moves and   combo system works very simliar to MK 9 and above else it got not just heroism but also the dark side of the heros we know and love. i would recommend this on here when you do have a controller and have the urge to play as your hero."
,Not Recommended,242700,15289746,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Buuz,"F*** THIS GAME, mainly cause I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at it and can never win on first try when playing single player. Also, multiplayer is... there is no multiplayer"
76561198187558710,Not Recommended,242700,15244313,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Funnycoolguy1267,Wtf 2 days of waiting for this the gamme keeps crashiing
,Recommended,242700,15268285,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,kaminobatto,"If you like DC Comics/Mortal Kombat, don't give it a second thought! Just go for it!  If you don't, I still think this game has a lot of fun to offer for any arcade fighting games fan. I have played this on my PS3, PS4 and now Steam! Just can't get enough of it :)"
76561198016335227,Recommended,242700,15185126,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,dr_judym,"It tries something different and it's not ashamed of it. The fighting system will require some learning, there are quite a few things to have in mind during a fight. The game has excellent tutorial section, you'll probably want to replay it a few times to get the hang of things. The roster is big and every character feels unique, so you have plenty to choose from.My only (minor) complaint is the graphics, its really poor. Textures are sharp, but materials and shaders are basic, the environments have poor lightning and are barely detailed. You can see that in transitions between screens an arenas, and in the story mode in particular, where some sceneries look like in some old MMOs. It's kind of weird for a 20 GB download... Still, that should not prevent you from enjoying this great title."
76561198118437553,Not Recommended,242700,15204222,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[LOST]Pikachupeepee,Too repetitive
,Not Recommended,242700,15436146,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,mike,"The controller handling is so twitchy that it's basically impossible to get half of the combos out using a xbox 360 analog pad. A micro vertical movement will make the character jump or crouch, so basically it's more a game of chance than a game of skills.You may like it, I just did not: I switched to *very easy* just to finish the story mode, and now I'm going to uninstall the game because I can't possibly see any interest in trying to play multiplayer if I can't reliably attack or parry."
,Recommended,242700,15439201,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,LADIES!!! SQUATS!!!,I'm in the middle of yes and no because for a 64-bit windows 7 it is VERY LAGGY and yes it is but it is still fun so i recommend anything above a 64-bit windows 7. But it could do some more with the story for a DLC at least.
76561198004818881,Not Recommended,242700,15441590,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,dreamstohack,Simplistic platformer
,Recommended,242700,15442186,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,dax,"Mortal Kombat 9 with DC characters and no fatalities. Also a ♥♥♥♥ton of environmental interactivity.That's a shallow way of looking at it, but it's rather accurate."
,Recommended,242700,15364690,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Bitmin,Just did Aquamans special move. 10/10 would do it again.
,Recommended,242700,15367347,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,The Punisher,Game rocks hard. DC fans are gonna love it. Really nice gameplay with good levels to take the fight to the edge. Online battles are good too and has some average functionality for controllers (PS3 sixaxis with motionjoy drivers). Overall 10/10 must have if you want to kick some a*s.
76561198160055702,Recommended,242700,15340899,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,StaticHeat,"This game was made by the creaters of Mortal combat, so the fighting style is very similar. If you like super heros and Mortal combat then you'll love this game."
,Recommended,242700,15178022,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,E-Bizness,Best for fighting your friends in person but really fun any time.
,Recommended,242700,16248726,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"INJUSTICE is a solid Tournament fighter. So how do I describe the gameplay of it? Ah! Imagine a place called the Tournament fighter supermarket where you can buy mechanics from other famous games. The designers of INJUSTICE are their most valuable customers. No seriously, this game has literally no unique mechanics that let it stand out. It feels like Frankenstein-tournament fighter. A monster clustered together. It's not unique but it’s fun and it has one of the best single player campaigns in a fighter I've ever seen. They story however takes it way to serious and it can be really silly sometimes but heh, why not. INJUSTICE is a great game but I rather recommend you buying STREET FIGHTER, BLAZE BLUE or MORTAL KOMBAT 9."
,Recommended,242700,15568495,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ProNuka,"I did enjoy this title. Well made and very fun to play.  That said, this review is based on the single player experience only, I did not play online at all."
76561198161973466,Recommended,242700,15569551,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Deathstroke,Хороший файтинг. С хорошей сюжетной линией.
76561198062401009,Not Recommended,242700,15573283,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ghoulbro,clunky and dull
,Recommended,242700,16143187,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,stormtrooperfoxtrot,"Very addicting, just having issues with connecting the console version with mobile version."
76561198219887328,Recommended,242700,30509120,Posted: 14 March,all,Carter Filmore,The fighting and storyline was good but you will need to buy a controller to fully appreciate the game because playing on a keyboard is just AIDS.
,Recommended,242700,16359359,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MILF Fifty Shades of Mama Luigi,Use the XBOX controller for this this game the keyboard controls are awful. This game is basically Mortal Kombat but with superheros.
76561198190766898,Recommended,242700,16491864,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tickles <3,just bought this game and cant get enough of it!!!so many achievements :)20/10
,Recommended,242700,10377847,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,zaxar1974,IS BEST GAME. (100/100)
,Recommended,242700,10378310,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,aspateer,"Even with the problems some people have with the multiplayer, this is still a top-notch fighting game and should be a welcome addition to anyones steam collection. The good more than outweighs the bad, and is quickly becoming my favorite fighting game.The single player story is unique and intersting, the fights are fast paced and the special moves are cake to pull off. If you enjoyed the last Mortal Kombat game, then you will enjoy this game. It is leaps and bounds better than MK vs DC."
,Recommended,242700,10378548,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,//patch,"Solid story, good pacing, and some really interesting fight dynamics added in. It's confusing at parts because of the multi-dimensional stuff, but overall a really fun fighting game."
76561197997599862,Not Recommended,242700,10370473,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,iTDIPwR,"Not to buy for PC, joystick works soo much better on consoles"
,Recommended,242700,10370658,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Protato,♥♥♥♥ING YELLOW LANTERN - 10/10
,Recommended,242700,10371397,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,ʍ µ ɲ ďµ • ѕєηραι,"Amazing Story like and fighting mechanics.Features Destructable envioronments and interactive objects that you can use against your enemies.I enjoyed this game a lot and that's quite a bold statement considering I'm not a fighting game fan.The Game however has some short comings in my opinion.1)The Stroy line can be confusing at first as it essentialy makes eveyone fight their counterpart in an alternate universe.2)When fighting your character's counterpart it is easy to loose sight of your character as both versions look very similar to eachother.3)The Multiplayer aspect is Basically unexistent since it's very hard to find a match.All in all it's a great game if you like an Immersive,Movie like experience with exquisite gameplay Mechanics.It was well worth my money as I got it for 5 Ewro during the sale.It has a 5 hour story line and also has some side activites which were quite fun."
,Not Recommended,242700,10368705,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,smd nigga,"The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Despite learning how to play this game properly, the AI is just increadably programmed to mash combo after combo. It isn't fun at all."
,Recommended,242700,10373045,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Kaiju_Brother,"Picked this game up on a whim like"" Well its on sale for 7 bucks might as well"", and what i found is a very addictive very fun 2d fighting game. The roster is beautifully picked if your a DC Comics fan has all the staples and some fan favorites. The narative in thsi is very intriguing and keeps you wanting to play the story. Its is STRONGLY Reconmmend that yuo have a controller set up, but keyboard still wokrs you just have to rebind the attack keys for it to work. WOuld recomend for Full price"
,Not Recommended,242700,10373583,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Slinky,The controls do not work when you put them in and all he does is just jerk around while the enemy pummels him into the ground. It brings back MK where your attacks do little damage and the other guy is kicking your♥♥♥♥♥
76561197978036015,Recommended,242700,15886078,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,gijones10,"This game was something of a surprise to me.  I picked it up on a sale along with MK9 and wasn't thinking that I'd play it much.  I was wrong.  I've loved fighting games ever since I first played MK and Street Fighter back on my old MegaDrive.  They never really offered much in the way of story but it didn't matter because they were all about dishing out serious amounts of punishment to your adversaries whether they be your friends (in 2-player) or the computer.  Injustice blew me away, with how it takes a fighting game and weaves into it, an interesting and engaging story.  In a way, it's a playable movie.  I just couldn't put it down till I finished it.Separate to that are the other single player and multiplayer modes you can partake in.  These are more like the traditional fighting game 'story' modes that most aficionados of the genre will be familiar with and give you a chance to get a pay off when fighting through with your favourite characters.  Speaking of characters, there are a tonne to choose from, with most of the usual suspects from the DC universe (both hero and villian) being playable.  In addition the normal array of special abilities/moves, each contains a 'super move' which is not dis-similar from the X-Ray moves employed in the newer MK titles.  Also similar to MK (and other games) is the ability to interact with the level to assist in take downs or even to cause massive damage by bashing them into a different section.Overall, worth it just to play through the story mode, especially if you are a fan of DC characters."
76561198061563554,Recommended,242700,15284913,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,widramateacher,Bad at the game but i love to play it.
76561198082014418,Not Recommended,242700,11321575,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,TACTICS,"Worst game I've ever bought, biggest waste of money ever. This fighting game doesn't even have real fighting mechanics, its spam and super. Online is completely broken, can't even invite your friends without the game crashing. I can honestly say i will never buy a game from this♥♥♥♥♥♥company ever again.I literally would eat♥♥♥♥♥♥than play this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥garbage game again."
,Recommended,242700,11339198,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Anoiktos,"Varied attacks, varied characters, varied backgrounds, and an interesting story make this game a solid pick for DC or fighting game fans when it's on sale, and a solid pick for fans of both at any time.To note: I recommend getting a fighting stick for this game; a standard XBOX controller's buttons make performing many of the moves reliably nigh impossible, and my keyboard (which I ended up beating it with) had simultaneous input issues."
,Recommended,242700,10950347,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Beholder,"very fun game, good graphics"
,Not Recommended,242700,10923360,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,netsentry,"4/10+DC universe characters in their full glory.  Seems to be a well developed story involving many different arcs.  Fighting powers based on lore.  Good variety in characters.-Subpar console port.  Without a controller, key mapping is nearly impossible.  That part might be expected and can be forgiven.  What can't be forgiven is the frequent framerate drops and jittery cinematics.  The console version was designed frame dependent because it was optimized for that hardware.  Meaning, on PC the game will not skip frames no matter how far it runs behind in rendering.  Leading to unplayable slow motion without crazy game hacks.This game could be fun if only a little more time had been taken in getting it to work like it should on a superior PC platform."
76561197970396972,Recommended,242700,11153625,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Ozzzeh ☁,Story is okay. (kinda dumb and confusing)  but a very good fighting game.
,Recommended,242700,11161931,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,pakistans finest,"Probably the best fighting game I've ever played. Too bad the Multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ed up, but still it's amazing."
,Recommended,242700,12272899,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mr Staplehurst,"I'm not that keen on Fighter games but Injustice is rather good.Story alone consists of 49 battles which took me about 5 hours to complete.After you've finished the story there at the battle modes, which have a ending cutscene for each character, and the star labs. This is before you take to the online matchmaking...Great roster of characters, long single player content and multiplayer makes this a good buy for any DC fan."
,Recommended,242700,12355773,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,A Stranger,"This is a really fun game (overstatement much). There are a few major problems though... It is sooooooo short, you can finish the storyline in a few hours and its a huge 17.8gb to download. The multiplayer is fun though and there are some battles to do if you feel like a quick tournament. Its your call though and i still recommend the game**Important to remember this is ALL opinionated based on my experience**"
,Recommended,242700,12161453,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Gabeus,story line is great though the mechanics of the game are a bit clunky. overall worth the play through (i got this on sale so under 10 click buy over 15.... maybe wait till summer sale)
,Recommended,242700,12163397,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Devilean,"It is totally awesome in every aspect. If you are a fan of DC comics universe or just enjoying super heroes for any reason this is the game for you. Awesome moves from awesome superheroes with awesome cinematics with awesome graphics. If you are into comic books this game is a must-buy-one, even if you don't you will still enjoy it. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,242700,12164806,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Soggy Cereal,"slow motion bug with no fix cause their too lazy to fix it, the bug ruins the game and makes it not worth buying. not recommended for pc"
76561198035725719,Recommended,242700,12165529,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,SlyAndroidDog,GOOD GAME but poorly optimized slow motion bug would not recomend !!!!!!!!!!!
76561198062012145,Not Recommended,242700,12167015,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Zingoer,"All of the keys don't work and I was stucked in the Menu. There is ""Create or link a WBID..."" with two button. It dosen't work at all."
,Recommended,242700,12167036,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,jemzyboi,"This game is one of the best games I've ever played, definetely the best fighting game I've ever played. Much smoother and faster than games like Mortal Kombat 9 and such. 10/10 cat rating"
,Not Recommended,242700,12167292,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,KoiBR,I wonder when they're going to fix the slow motion bug.Don't buy it unless you're 100% sure your PC is going to run it without the bug (and I don't know how to discover it).
76561198024090899,Not Recommended,242700,12168142,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Gamer13X,"I do not have a gaming computer, but it runs games with better graphics than injustice.  When I try to run injustice, the game plays in slow motion, even when set to minimal slowest settings.  I could find no solution to this problem online and apparently allot of people have this problem, even people with high end gaming PCs.  Before buying this game make sure that your system is compatable with the game. I found thatwww.systemrequirementslab.comwas helpful.  This game cannot be played in slow motion because it is extremely difficult to execute commands."
76561198092088108,Recommended,242700,12169085,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Trauma,the game keeps freezing becoming non responsive at the third screen as its starting up.
,Recommended,242700,12169091,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,EvilestRyu,pretty fun
76561198018116973,Recommended,242700,10608704,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Deadpool,"B1,2 All the way!This game rocks!"
76561198072972310,Recommended,242700,10612102,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sleepyboi,Not the penultimate version of the game. Obviously the better looking version but the online lags randomly and matches can come to a screaming halt. If you own a console as usually fighters should just stick to it for now. PC ports of fighters still arent getting any love. If not or if you just want to play locally then still a great fighter.
76561197986183957,Recommended,242700,10623295,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Eyequ,The story of this game is great!  Definately one worth checking out!
,Recommended,242700,10623572,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Vampire LeCat,"Great Fighting game. It has solid mechanics with the addition of the clash system, dynamic level transitions, and interactive objects in the environment.  The only downsides are that the multiplayer is very empty and some characters can become very spammable."
,Not Recommended,242700,10812082,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mr. Hoppy!,"The one thing that i always loved about the netherrealm studios games they completely changed. I loved the fact that the mortal kombat series was really fast paced compared to other side on fighters, and theyslow this game down. The thing i loved most about the mortal kombat system was the in game controls, the light punch/heavy punch, light kick/heavy kick, but most of all the dedicated block button! And they changed the controls completely! The controls are seriously horrible after years of playing mortal kombat. It's so awful i uninstalled this game after 30 minutes of game play. Do not play thisgame. It only dissappoints"
,Recommended,242700,10564276,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kezden,"Out of all the fighting games I've played, this one ranks in my top 5.  Instead of being mythical fighters with somewhat sub-human powers, you'll take the role of one of the many superheroes and villains  in the DC universe!  The game play seems balanced enough so that you can enjoy watching the special moves and beat up on Superman or the Joker.  The controls are easy to get used to, the input moves are as they've always been. (think street fighter)  There are a number of other ""battles"" that you can participate in, on one instance you can choose to only fight the superheroes, or only the villains.  Skilled battles also exist, for example your life will never regenerate after each fight, so you have to plan your attacks accordingly.  Its the little things like this that ultimately make a fighting game enjoyable.  Overall I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,242700,10564693,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,HoofFlexerXL,I don't play fighting games much but i love this one!
,Recommended,242700,15294740,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Lifting Bros,"I usually get slightly annoyed with the voice acting in most games but I was impressed with it in this game. The scenes, the characters, and the attention to detail were pretty phenomenal for a fighting game.I found the controls very smooth and the characters easily adaptable making gameplay enjoyable even after you've already completed it.Definitely recommended if you're into fighting games."
,Recommended,242700,15470133,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,yinmin,I like Injutice it is fun and stuff.
,Not Recommended,242700,15392044,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,gameallday,Pice of trash.PC controls do not work.
76561197984500121,Recommended,242700,13493486,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,astarks3,"Kevin Conroy. Crappy MK style controls. Ridiculous combo BS. 2.5D fighting game in all it's ugly glory.But, Kevin Conroy. And a darker take on the Justice Lord storyline from the cartoon.And, finally: Kevin Conroy.Get it. Or just watch the story on YouTube."
,Not Recommended,242700,13829444,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,M__17__M,قصة اللعبة جيدةلكن اللعب ممل10/5
76561198059050150,Not Recommended,242700,13829598,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ALX,"The game likes me a lot (had it in xbox360 too) but....WORST GAME SERVER I ever see in my life, always disconnect you from the game.... I have the game from half year and only was able to play at least 10 good fights, all the rest with TOO much lag, or simply disconnect me... If you wish this game fro playing offline is a very good game, but if you wish to play online (like me), don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,242700,13411628,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Jonathan,"Personal review of 5.5/10Do I recommend this game? For online NO, for LAN yes. because I bought it for the online I pick no.The online for Injustice at last for the PC port is awful, if you've played MK9 on PC thats just an idea of what its like. Instead of fighting other players you fight lag more so you can't really say you have more skill than another person, if I can destroy a lvl 89 in this game because of lag, ""something is very wrong"" but other than that the game is perfect when you do get a decent matchup an example would be a person within your area or vs. it feels really good and smooth to play, personally I didn't really buy the game for the story or single player I got it for online purposes and we can see how that turned out, I just hope.. scratch that.. pray that MK X isn't like MK9 or this game. with that said I give a personal review of 5.5/10"
76561198036136355,Recommended,242700,10515363,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,sunwinds,"This is one of my favourite games! I suggest this, because this game is really cool, has a different variety of combos, and characters. 10/10"
,Recommended,242700,15350691,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Hutz,Awesome!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242700,15363268,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Godlike,"Awesome story10/10 gameplayLevels, and Competitive play!*Bought for Wonder woman*"
,Recommended,242700,15363457,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,UnGURU,Awsome game!
,Recommended,242700,15317341,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,{ANS}Wolf1994,This game has been created by the same person who has created Mortal Kombat. Very good and fun to play game. It's like Mortal Kombat minus the pure gore and intense violence. :)
76561198005919137,Recommended,242700,12858975,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Provoker,"Oh my, I did not know there is something better than Mortal Kombat"
76561198025663420,Recommended,242700,12664398,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Goto,A well done arcade style fighter that's perfect for a drunken night with your friends or if you're a DC fan.
,Recommended,242700,12667268,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Nothing_Wins,"I found it only fitting to play as Batman fighting Superman considering the new movie coming out soon. Think of it as Mortal Kombat with DC characters, although it does have scorpion in it for some random reason."
,Recommended,242700,12833869,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,yaboifilthyfrank,AWESOME GAME 10/10
76561198090509062,Recommended,242700,12835915,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,doomw123,love it i just played the game and i want to play more
,Recommended,242700,12961429,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lion,"Too easy and too quick, could have been a huge game... Still a Great option for DC fans!"
45678912311111111,Recommended,242700,11710548,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dramamine,I don't usually do fighting games but this one is pretty good.
,Recommended,242700,11762612,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Caps,Spoiler Alert: Superman is a ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198070761866,Recommended,242700,11548858,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Fiddlewise Prime,"Injustice is probably one of the most addictive DC Universe Fighting Game there is. Similer to Super Smash Bros. Injustice features a variety of DC Universe Characters like Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Lex Luther, The Joker and my favorite character, Deathstroke. However you need a beefy computer to play this game. My current computer is extremely slow, making the entire battle run in what appears to be ""a very annoying, laggy, jumpy slo-mo battle"" this upset me greatly. As I am writing this I may have found a way to at least reduce the lag, as I have seen apperent change in lag with the change of my laptop's graphic resolution/settings on Batman Arkham City. However if you do have a beefy computer and like the DC Universe, even if it is only one character, this game his highly recommended. Gameplay mechanics aren't that great with a keyboard but once you get used to them gameplay quality increases. Character design I have to admit is not so great for Wonder Woman. She doesn't really look all that much like a woman. Her face seems to look ""more manlike"" I also didn't like the lack of skins for the dlc characters like Batgirl and the character Nightwing. Being a big Batman fan and knowing a lot about the diffrent costumes it was very upsetting to see these characters not have many skins. The story for this game is absolutely amazing. It sort of reminds me of an episode of Batman: The Brave and the Bold where the Injustice League is evil and the villians (with some changes of appearence and character) are good in that dimension. However this is much more dark then that Batman cartoon since it was based on the ""Silver Age"" Batman where everything was campy. It also reminds me of the alternate dimension or timeline in DC Universe Online in some aspects. Since my computer wasn't really qualified to play this game I decided to watch walkthroughs on the game on Youtube and took a look at the online multiplayer. It seems simple. Just beat the other person. It looked pretty fun but as I am writing this my internet keeps disconnecting and reconnecting every few minutes. The selection of characters could have a more variety of characters. I would like to see some of the characters you see in the background of the stages become playable characters like Parasite, Gorrila Grodd, Metallo, Scarecrow and maybe even the Atom and Black Canary. This game came out a while ago however and I see the chance for another DLC to come out is slim. Combat in the game isn't really all that smooth. It's very similer to SSB in this style. I like it when combat in games sort of ""flow and have a rythem"" making combat a lot more visually appealling. The stages in the game are pretty streight forward. I would have like there to be more stages and a lot more enviromental changes as combat changes/affects the stage. Glitches are not common. However I have seen glitches in the special moves where you should become invincible or actually hit someone. However sometimes it doesn't happen when it should. Overall I give this game a 6/10 and reccomend it to anyone who is into fightning games or anyone who like the DC Universe."
,Recommended,242700,10408395,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,paul,"Completed campaign, good story and i love playing as my favourite characters, i still have some activities to do and i'm not tired of fighting the AI just yet, the multiplayer does not work! i have tried ranked matches and private matches and both sucks."
76561198119723155,Recommended,242700,11682881,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,thedarthrevenous,"This game honestly is one of the best (in my opinion, so don't get your nickers in a twist) fighting games i've ever played. It;s got a resonably good balancing system plus harley quinn whats not to love!"
,Recommended,242700,11684249,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Easter,You can punch Superman in the face... AS SUPERMAN.
,Recommended,242700,11860673,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,misofury,Awesome fun! Definitely worth picking up. Best with a controller :)
76561198093294216,Recommended,242700,10714063,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dayum_K[auff]man,iCombo thing)
,Recommended,242700,10714153,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ZANOSAN,Fantastic 2D fighter if you are looking for a great story mode and you are a DC comic book fan!  The indiviual characters and the interactive stages are very well captured.
,Recommended,242700,15453880,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Hari | trade.tf,Great game but the controls are horrible.Botton '4' to go the menue.What!
76561197971600520,Recommended,242700,16193116,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Yiiiip YipYipYip,Pros:Fun story line mode.Good graphics.Great fun for a DC fan to play a few heros in hand to hand combat.Cons:Not a great fighting game.Do you recommend this game?Yes/No/(Can we get a middle ground here???)
,Recommended,242700,16198123,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Aegon,"Bought this game since my wife insisted for me to purchase a game that we can play together. Played a little bit of the Single Player mode, and the Versus mode. The game is very smooth and enjoyable. But I find it very hard to get a match online. Even if I managed to find a match, it will get disconnected during character choosing. Am I the only one experiencing this or do you guys have the same problem also?"
76561198065594329,Recommended,242700,12179342,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,LW_Captain Pootisman,I recommend this game cause it's very good and awesome it's graphic's are great and lot's of DC Hero's you know and Villians are in that awesome game so i reccomend you play this game!^^
76561198004490579,Recommended,242700,16464064,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,N8,I'm not even a huge fan of arcade fighters but I found this totally worth it (on sale) just for the single player story mode. The premise is that Lex Luthor or another universe has asked for help from the Prime universe to stop Superman who has gone crazy. Everyone takes a super pill which makes them able to take a  beating like Superman. Now you can fight Green Arrow against Doomsday and not leave any marks.I love the DC Universe and this game treated the characters quite well overall. Being a Mortal Combat style game does mean that every character has a unique move set and some of the harder super moves are near impossible to pull off.
,Recommended,242700,16465591,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Raging_B0n3R™,this game is aweosme if your a fan of DC comics
76561198133925681,Recommended,242700,14870394,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ElSesberto,Großartig!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
,Recommended,242700,13893955,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Areticus,Want a game that lets you play as Superman? Here's a game that let's you play as Superman.
,Recommended,242700,13887466,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Octavarium,"I was actually really surprised with how much I enjoyed playing this game casually, but it has a ton of annoyances. First off, the difficulty is completely inconsistant, regardless of what setting you put it at. It would go from easy opponents that will literally just stand there until you hit them to opponents chaining massive combos on you, blowing you out. It's maddening. Once you get completely destroyed, you redo the fight and your opponent will literally just let you beat on them. Once you win a couple, it spikes again and you get a beatdown. It was extremely annoying.Outside of that, the story is good but the cutscenes are blurry and pixelated. There's a stark contrast between the cutscene fidelity and the ingame quality.Overall its a decent game to just pick up and play when a friend comes over or when you want to just get a quick brawl in. The story mode has its problems, as mentioned."
,Recommended,242700,14439030,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,iclefirefly,"Do you like Mortal Kombat? Do you hate the best of three gameplay? Do you love superheroes and/or the DC universe? Then play Injustice! When I first downloaded this game I sat down and finished the story mode in one sitting it's that fun. However I feel there isn't much long term playability as you find yourself using the similar moves for everyone. Still it looks cool, you don't have to pay for extra skins or anything, just play. It's pretty damn sweet."
,Recommended,242700,14283608,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Foehammer,You can beat the crap out of Superman in an elevator.
,Recommended,242700,14285211,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fat Wizard,Grabbed a guy and flew through the moon. He got a small bruise.10/10 would punch a sword again.
76561197992159417,Recommended,242700,14181758,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Apocalypse 1911,Excellent!9/10
76561198132251257,Recommended,242700,30500084,Posted: 13 March,all,cheesewiz360,SUPER fun fighting game.only real issue is keyboard controls for this game suck....8/10
76561197973956546,Not Recommended,242700,14492464,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Banelord,"The game is fun, but unless you have a gamepad or want to spend a bunch of time customizing your controls don't bother. It is definitely a console port and no thought was put into the controls on a PC"
76561197999820888,Recommended,242700,14498117,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jimmyjoe,My favorite fighting game ever! But the online for PC is literally the worst thing imaginable. Still gets 8/10.
,Recommended,242700,14562365,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Generaln,"Nice fighting game, for those who love DC comics :>"
76561198066553474,Recommended,242700,14591067,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Trustno1,Great fighting game with a pretty confusing story.
76561198033151940,Recommended,242700,13216201,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dee,"If you like Mortal Combat you will like this too,just characters are from DC Universe.I think graphics is standart but movement and combos are just great.Single player is pretty good with decent story and good lenght.There are also classic mod and many others,must say there is lot of content.Only o/e think i got and thats online gaming,its emty right now i just met two guys playing online and they kick my a.... so bad.   8,5/10"
,Recommended,242700,13248943,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ace,This game is the perfect example on how to use the storyline for a game specific outcomes. I enjoyed this game a lot but still struggling in the S.T.A.R Labs missions which is okay. But being a game made by the same team who brought MK I thought there will be Super Violent XRAYS and fatalities but it is a good thing they didn't add that.So here is the simple verdictPros-Great fight mechanicsLevel Transitions (which is f#$#$ing awesome by the way)Super  Meter with its multiple functionsEasy to remember attack combosSuperman and BatmanCons-Story is very short even compared to MKThe Clash system (only for me I guess)Aquaman (because he is one guy you do not want to mess with)
,Recommended,242700,13381586,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,JRooDD,NIce Game
,Recommended,242700,13372313,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Paheej,"Injustice is an enjoyable one-on-one 2d fighting game with gameplay from a bygone era.  Similar in feel and controls to NetherRealm’s acclaimed Mortal Combat Series, Injustice maintains a unique atmosphere with a meter and super system similar to Street Fighter, a wide array of characters, destructible environments that can be interacted with, and a short but varied and interesting story campaign.  Overall it’s a fantastic game for any casual 2d fighter fan and the strength of its presentation should make it a good addition to any gamer who loves the superheroes or villains featured in the game."
76561198106290494,Recommended,242700,13364927,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Squarebox64,Its a pretty good game gets a little boring but you will have a lot of fun before that happens and still fun to play with friends. Much better with controllers.
76561198023140534,Recommended,242700,13366112,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,| `Seltzer,(y)
,Recommended,242700,13175140,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,deathvampirelord666,Im really glad to see thay fixed the slow problem just redownloaded the game on my pc. Love the game also have it on my XBOX 360 and now I can play it on my pc thanks for fixing the problem.
,Not Recommended,242700,13176662,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Gwiggle,Single player aspect seems to work fine but you have no chance of playing online. If you can find a game after sitting in matchmaking for 10 minutes it almost always disconnects before starting (a personal succes rate of 1 in 15-20). The only 2 games i managed to play online in the past few days was at about half speed from what i suspect is bad connection.ONLY BUY THIS FOR OFFLINE USE. THE ONLINE DOES NOT WORK AND WILL NOT BE FIXED.If they had any plans to fix the terrible online gameplay it would have been long ago.
76561198085363102,Recommended,242700,12531962,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Insanity,Great game trying it out on the steam fre weekend loads of fun!! going to get an xbox controller as its really hard to control on the keyboard... Buying this definite wish the would let us keep it though takes ages to install lol
76561198042705379,Recommended,242700,12532663,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Aegis,"Lots of fun, took a bit to get my Razor controller to read it, but worth it."
,Recommended,242700,12712904,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mork79,LOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBOLOBO Don´t really care for any other character but he's the only reason to think about buying the game :) It´s a good game story is silly.
,Recommended,242700,14058967,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MacAdler,"I bought this game because I really liked the comics that came out for it. The comics are better. Is an ok fighting game, sometimes the control can get a little frustrating, the ""story"" is pointless and not kind of what I was expecting after reading the comics. If you can get it on a sale, get it. If you're going to pay full price, do it just because you're a good person who wants to help the devs."
76561198121308754,Recommended,242700,13813034,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fastidious Beeb,Injustice Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition is good for 1  on 1 battles and you can be Batman to Shazam with all of there peple to be you can't ask for more i recommend you must be age 10 and older. The story mode is amazing with lots of vary good parts. And some funny parts in this game. This is a game you can't stop playing! I think that sounds like a good fun  game. Thank you for reading my comment :)
76561198141203268,Recommended,242700,13814225,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,saudagarpranav,"Well, i bought this game really late but never the less awesome game this one"
76561198166649660,Recommended,242700,14066978,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,bip,The best fighting game.esp. for DC fans
76561198014453502,Recommended,242700,14006235,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,sai tyrus,"I traditionally haven't liked fighting games, butInjusticegot me out of my comfort zone and allowed me to appreciate an unfamiliar genre. Beneath a solid comic yarn is a great fighter that deviates from familiar tropes. Players are given control of various superheroes in the DC universe as they beat each other senseless. And it couldn't be more FUN. The campaign can be beaten in about 7 hours or less, but there's plenty of battles and challenges that add a suprising amount of replay value, all the while teaching you how to play the game in better ways. Sadly, online matchmaking is pretty much non-existent at this point, and for those that can find a game, the lag is terrible - a pretty serious flaw for a fighting game, where reaction time is key to succsess. Regardless, those wanting a fun game where you can spar against your friends in the living room can look no further, as this is the game for you. Do yourself a favor and check this one out.Additional thoughts can be found here:http://www.saityrus.com/impressions-injustice-gods-among-us/"
76561198041065112,Recommended,242700,14022844,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Orion,"This was a fun game, worth $20, just use a controller"
,Recommended,242700,13856855,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,PhantomDragonWolf,Its a pretty fun fighting game all in all. The story mode was very entertaining and kept me fairly engaged. Another thing is that the enemies seem to scale with your level so there won't be a huge gap in skill level. Definitely worth it though.
76561198166853024,Recommended,242700,13977167,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,WhippZilla,its great fun
76561198062321709,Recommended,242700,13935136,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Irish_Reaper,"The story in this game is great! The combat is meh. That being said it is still fun to play in vs. mode or story mode. The online mode can be tricky but it too is fun. If you are looking for a real good fighter then this may not be the game that you are looking for, however, if you are really into the DC Comics universe and like a good story with some ok fighting then you may love this game.I don't play a lot of fighting games but I do like this one just for the characters, settings, and story. It's easy to pick up and play but hard to master (I suck at fighting games)."
76561198157329578,Recommended,242700,13974730,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,SquirrelMan7,This game is good if your looking for some different but its not amazing. Worth the 20 i got it for.
,Recommended,242700,13974858,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,XenoRoss,"Great beat-em-up featuring all of your favourite DC characters. Surprisingly entertaining story mode, lots of challenge scenarios, and a huge amount of character skins."
,Recommended,242700,13975699,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,JumboShrimpJr,Joker is busy doing the fishstick.10/10
,Recommended,242700,13964393,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Lenny_Franco,GREAT GAME but more people need to play online i cant find a match...........................at all
,Recommended,242700,27468723,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ty it works!,Great for kicking your super-frenemies into fans and mainframes and sh**
,Recommended,242700,27446335,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Témp«,Good game*can i have badge now pls*
,Recommended,242700,27345009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wyde_v5,Epic clash of heroes
76561197989634916,Recommended,242700,30841432,Posted: 30 March,all,Malkavian Megalosaurus,"A DC fighting game which is a like Mortal Kombat with a little bit of Street Fighter.Each arena has environmental hazards you can use like steam pipes you can aim at your opponent. You can also smash your opponent through the side of the level to transaction to a different stage and deal quite a bit of damage.All I played in this game was vs AI battles and the story mode.I don't want to spoil the story, but lets say it gets quite dark at times. It is a shame that really soon the main characters will throw out that the story is in another dimension which removes a bit of mystery and weight.The combat is fast with constant presuring. The characters are not balanced well with some ultimates being a lot better than others.So why do I recommend it? Because I still liked the story and seeing some characters in a different light than normal. When playing 1 v 1 I play it in short bursts of 1 or 2 matches meaning I don't look at the combat too much with attack frames, iframes etc. I also recommend using a different character almost every fight since every character has a quip at the start and end of a match which can't be skipped and can become repetitive quickly if you main a single character."
76561198165482945,Recommended,242700,24775430,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DaedraSlayer,Combines the fun of playing Mortal Kombat and my favorite DC superheroes and villains.
,Not Recommended,242700,24834057,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Catman37185,"Great game. Laggy port.```````````````````````````````````````Story 10/10Gameplay 7/10...if you like Mortal Kombat, get that instead, because the combos are not free-flowing here like they are there.Lag 1000/10 would lag again.Get it on console. I have a good rig and it still lags like hell. Playable, but not bearable."
76561198015662658,Recommended,242700,24902192,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,factual,"Great game. If you like DC and fighting games, get this. Mostly if you enjoy single player. But, if you're looking for a game with a huge amount of regular online players, don't buy this. Multiplayer is mostly dead, hardly more than like six people at a time online."
76561198077098247,Recommended,242700,24892973,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,mobstergames,Great game if you like games like mortal combat where your fighting almost all the time. Great controls and very good storyline.
76561198236783638,Recommended,242700,25026539,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dovahzuul1997,One word.......AWESOME!
,Recommended,242700,25026107,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,KevinOmsa,"The port shows us how NetherRealm loves the PC community!MKX was a blast, now there's Injustice 2 next year, thank you NetherRealm :DBuy it on sale (only)"
,Not Recommended,242700,25005649,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Taurolyon,"Yet another poorly implimented console port. The controls are apalling, granted they can be customized, but they're not saved between sessions. The game locks up right at the opening cinematic to the Green Lantern/Sinestro fight (second chapter) and I can't play it any further."
76561198117808615,Recommended,242700,24997994,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BlaSap,fun
,Recommended,242700,24982734,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TrueWOPR,"I want to hate this game...  I don't like DC...  I don't like WB...  I was never a huge mortal kombat fan...But holy crap it had a fun story mode, is jam-packed with minigames (that I skipped, but you might like), and has a rather large character roster for multiplayer, adding more fun to the mix.If you like fighting games, but prefer them to be the middle between ""fun"" (Marvel / Killer Instinct) and ""balanced"" (Street Fighter / Tekken) this is your pick."
,Not Recommended,242700,20019235,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[MAD]tomigas24,they move like robots . the gameplay is too slow and boring i complete the story and i uninstall the game
,Recommended,242700,24958350,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,TehKaoZ,Loved the overall story and while fighting games aren't really my thing; this one was fun.
,Recommended,242700,21342124,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Simon,"""To hell with you!"" -Scorpion after defeating Superman.9/11 ""Too much fire."" -IGN"
76561198298904393,Recommended,242700,24924838,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jrmegio,"This is the first game that I bought in steam and I'm glad I did. I really like the short story that DC made and because I'm a batman fan, it only makes me love batman even more because of his incorruptible, noble, utilitarian sense of justice that I admire. If you love fighting games like Mortal Kombat but want cleaner version and child friendly fighting game. I recommend this game. 8/10"
,Recommended,242700,24769979,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Fatiepie,I think you'd better use your controler to playthis game.It is hard to control with your bloody keyboard
76561197986139677,Not Recommended,242700,24150159,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,XLxLe0NiDaSxVX,"I have mixed feelings about this game. I like it because, well, DC characters with an MK fighting system. I don't like it because  environmental objects are WAY too abusive and the only characters you see people play online are Batgirl, Batman, Superman, Green Lantern, and Aquaman (Sometimes Martian Manhunter). Overall, not a very fun game to play. Let's hope that Injustice 2 wont have these same problems."
,Recommended,242700,24367353,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,T-Jay,Good
,Recommended,242700,12543588,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,BK,Best fighter I've played in the longest time.
76561198065939698,Recommended,242700,12544706,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,BlueScarabGuy,"A whole lot of fun. While not terribly impressive graphically, the game plays like a more competent version of Netherrealm Studios' previous effort, Mortal Kombat 9. It's great to play as all of these great DC characters, and they're all unique, yet accessable. The story mode is very interesting, especially for fans of DC comics lore, and the voice acting is top notch (Kevin Conroy as Batman!).If you're a fan of DC comics, you owe it to yourself to pick this one up."
76561198055821020,Recommended,242700,12562821,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,"Twenty""juan"" pilot's (JC)","i started playing the phone version and when i found out it where on computer i bought it instantly. when i started the game and logged in i got so much on the computer version because i have played the game on phone.so all in all the history is very good and the S.T.A.R. Labs missions can take alot of time but they're fun so i am giving it""8 of 10"" because the multiplayer could be worked on but its a fun game and i think you should buy it."
76561197995717075,Recommended,242700,12564744,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,ManInACan,I'm not a huge fan of fighting games but I definitely enjoyed the story. I cannot give a rating of online gameplay because I refuse to do multiplayer here. As others have said the super moves get a bit boring after using them a number of times but hey - still fun. I had a strong preference for Aquaman and Deathstroke.All in all - worth the sale price for nonfighting game fans and I'm sure fighting fans would find a great bit of enjoyment in the game worth even the non-sale price.
76561198019815782,Recommended,242700,12598357,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,bozoderek,Here is my recomendation. Buy a controller and play with a friend. One of the best coop experiences I've had in a long time! Yes. You should get this game!
76561198049017171,Recommended,242700,12599452,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,OrosRS,"Great game, no problems, MP few people just let the automatch work for a few min."
76561197971181521,Recommended,242700,12600169,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Stabjack,"Outstanding fun, but you need a controller."
,Recommended,242700,11053524,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Xeno,Solid fighting game.
,Recommended,242700,12577875,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Jesus,"Though there were many difficulty spikes during the story mode, and I'm not necessarily into fighting games, this was a lot of fun! Finished the story mode within 3 hours. Would highly recommend to any arcade fighter lover."
76561197961320529,Recommended,242700,12578123,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Killy Rabbit,"works well for me, had to turn down some of the graphics because im runnin it on a dell laptop with a gen 4 i3. i pretty much only bought it for the story mode and so me n my buddy could sit on the couch n beat each other up wth super heroes. have not tried the online mode and most likely never will."
76561197968019887,Recommended,242700,12578287,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Private Klutz,Recommended with caution: Keyboard and Mouse are a complete afterthought. This is a console port with almost no thought to Keyboard and Mouse users. In fact the mouse is not used at all in this game.This game is like a well done digital movie with the fight scenes played out by the viewer. I enjoyed my time playing it but it would have been nice if the developers had considered PC players in at least some small way. Playing on the keyboard alone I won most fights with just key mashing. I loved playing classic comic characters and new ones that I didn't know. Replaying fights with different characters may add replay ability. I did not try online fights.
,Recommended,242700,12579430,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Biohazard X,AWESOME!Looks almost as the MK!Storyboard is good!
76561197970887820,Recommended,242700,12579741,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Mandrake42,"I really got a kick out of this game, I normally dont play beat em up's because I suck at them. In fact I still suck at them and I actually suck at this one too, but the story was great fun to play through and the battles have a lot of environmental interactivity with things you can whack your openents with or new areas of the zone you can pummel them into. I got to see most of these on the recieving end of the journey but it still made for some exciting fights. If you are like me and are not really a fan of one on one beat em up games but are at all a fan of the DC Universe, you really owe it to yourself to play this. Red Son took Superman new places and this game takes the character further still. Worth your time."
,Recommended,242700,12580471,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,GoiabadaCascão,"Nice the game, very competitive and fun, good voiceovers and several game modes"
,Recommended,242700,12582917,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,BAKA Ruiner,"I'm not gonna lie, I am super surprised I even like this game.I'm not even normally a DC fan.However, story mode actually has a story. The dialogue is actually kind of well put together. The references the game makes are pretty great. A lot of it's material seems to refer to a mix of the comics and (the part I'm more familiar with) the older and newer Justice League / Teen Titans shows. I burned through it in my first session of play but that I bothered for more than an hour with a fighting game is already pretty unusual.It's a good game. As someone who likes good stories and hasn't been on the fighting games in a while I thought it was pretty fun. It takes some clear shortcuts (Oh hey we're in an alternate universe, here's a drug so we survive getting punched by superman, etc.), but the game is generally good, with some surprisingly dark turns for certain characters and some surprisingly self referential comments.What I'm saying is the MK guys can write for comics characters. Who knew?Also, dem alt costumes. Holy crap Red Son all up in this business."
,Recommended,242700,12583023,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Dutsusa,Fun
76561198004220890,Recommended,242700,12588328,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,TEMbI4,"I like it very much ! Fun,great graphics,moves, totaly recommend. I bought it !!!"
,Recommended,242700,12589349,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,metal1kmonk3y,quite fun be joker in a dif dimension
,Recommended,242700,12590327,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sir_Mcsquizy,I can ♥♥♥♥♥ slap people10/10
76561198089891858,Recommended,242700,12590526,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,BIG CHEESE MAN™,"Great game! It has an awesome storyline, great variety of characters, and LAN support for versus.Pros:good storylinemany characters to choose fromLAN supportlots of different movesCons:multiplayer is a little laggynot much to unlock besides achievements (I think there should be someway to unlock characters instead of automatically having them all)There are no fatalities like Mortal Kombat didIf you're a fan of street fighter type of games this is definitely on the list of games you need to get."
,Recommended,242700,14990830,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,djecht,superman we need hel.... wait what? the superman is a villain ??joker is murdered by superman ??we need help from superman fromanotheruniverse then.. and the war begins... *drum of war*8.13/10
76561198035963686,Recommended,242700,14694741,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Spastic,Never knew Wonder Woman had such a chiseled jaw.
76561198114226750,Recommended,242700,14750040,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Na'Vi.Naruto,+
,Recommended,242700,14760493,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hispanic at the Disco,"I understand the superman steroids pill thing, but why the ♥♥♥♥ does that mean Joker's rocket launcher and various weapons can hurt Superman?"
76561198164282492,Recommended,242700,14609762,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,cfy507,good story in single player mode.but i found it a little too difficult to a beginner.too many buttons to press and various kinds of environmental elements to operate on.a worth recommanding game for veteran fighting game player though
,Not Recommended,242700,14635840,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Armgears,projectile spam. Clunky combo. cpu reads player input for instant counter. Game insults you by getting easier the more you lose. buy it for 5 bucks or dont buy it at all.
,Recommended,242700,14604788,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Templar_1337,"Good game, great character animations. Good if you've ever wondered who would win in a fight between two major DC characters."
76561198097194143,Recommended,242700,11719940,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SuperSlinky: The Next Generation,Favorite Zach Snyder Game. FightingGamez/10
,Recommended,242700,14251509,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Robin E,"Fun game, sort of a mix between MK9 and Street Fighter. Lots of (Quarter Circles) moves but still stiff and heavy like MK9. I like the game but the story is really forced. It seems like every decision is solved by fighting. I know its a fighting game but most of the time it seems like a waste of time ""story wise"" to fight when it could probably be solved by saying ""dude, I am on your side"". But again, the core gameplay is fun even with its small hiccups here and there.Note: Not the greatest PC port but playable"
,Not Recommended,242700,14163940,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jigz,Worse than Call of Dogshit ports.
,Recommended,242700,14206254,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,shinji.ikari,"Great fighter for every superhero fan. Of course, you must have in mind it's far from any canon. The power levels of heroes had to be flattened to be balanced in fights, which sometimes feels really dumb.The animations look a bit stiff at times but are fluent and react well to the controls.Visually it's not as appealing as SF4 games but it has its' charm and it's not demanding on your hardware. :)A good game for the price, especially when discounted. :D"
,Not Recommended,242700,12598270,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,LadyValkryn,"This is essentially Soul Caliber with better graphics and harder to activate combos. The story line was very predictible. If you watched Justice League, you've seen it all before. Story mode featured only one playable female character with a whopping total of two fights. I buy this game only if it was dirt cheap."
76561198125942535,Recommended,242700,14204044,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Test_Subject,Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition is a great fighting game. With loads of extra content to keep you busy after playing the campaign. There wasnt anything that I disliked about the game apart from how many moves i had to remember. Although I have never played any other fighting like this before so that is not  a problem. Over all injustice is a great game for people who like games like  Mortal Kombat or fans of the DC universe. 9.5/10
,Recommended,242700,14302155,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,KiSEKi,I wholeheartedly reccomend this satisfying collection of fictional moving characters to all
,Recommended,242700,14240174,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,miranisiwa,"Injustice: Gods Among Us is one of the best fighting-based game along with some classic series. Why? I will explain it as good as I can.1. Mechanics. Well It's basically some between Mortal Kombat system of fighting and Tekken. But there are some similarities to both of those franchise. Basically we can say that Mortal Kombat System fused with a bunch of features from Tekken and was rebuild to fit to ""superheroes"" matter.2. Story Mode. For me story mode was incredibly good. I like all of the stuff with so called ""Multiverse"" and alternative versions of the same story are pretty good plot. It is really great when you see some villians allied with superheroes - cool feature.3. Characters. Of course we have a plenty of characters to choose: from Batman, Batgirl, Nightwing, Superman, Martian Manhunter to Lobo, Bane, Doomsday and even Scorpion from Mortal Kombat. Many characters, diffrent styles of fighting (one superheroes use gadgets, other use force) and many additional skins (for example Green lantern have two skin Hal Jordan and John Stewart).If someone likes fighting games based on superheroes, it's basically the game for him :)Enjoy ! :)"
76561197961418199,Not Recommended,242700,14268055,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MizzerCain,"Fantastic storyline, even if I am getting a bit worn out by DC and Marvel relying almost exclusively on 'dark themed' tales for the last decade or so.Beyond that? Terible game. The controls feel loose and terrible on timing, the computer will CONSTANTLY go from playing a normal and fun level of difficulty to a complete epic level difficulty at random to which you will not get priority to do anything as it simply slaughters the heck out of you. I have at multiple instances simply set down the controller and let it finish off that current match to start the next one. Utterly bizzare and definitely led me to nearly want to walk away from the game altogether before I even got halfway through with it.A bit more diversity on the actual playstyles of the characters would of been nice, rather than all the combos and moves being performed with the exact same move list.Ultimately, no depth to the gameplay. If you're looking for a fighting game, avoid this one. Looking for a damn good story? Bear through it's faults if you can."
,Not Recommended,242700,13497624,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,"slow is smooth, smooth is bugs",objectively bad in pretty much every category. and also subjectively bad. (it's DC).
,Recommended,242700,13500911,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Timmehboi,"A great but short single player story mode, but combined that with the multiplayer aspect of this game and its worth it. A controller is a must, and I find that some of the heroes are either better for combo reasons or there moves. Either way, a great DC game packed with endless amount of fun to play online or with friends."
76561198064046706,Recommended,242700,13512020,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,HAHAHAHAHA,AWESOME IT IS <3
76561198167970698,Recommended,242700,13513232,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ryan431bball,This game was a welcome addition to my collection as it combines all of the aspects I search for every day.  The one down-side is that it is very unpleasant with keyboard controls and is much better onn a controller.
76561198208281208,Recommended,242700,33400985,Posted: 9 July,all,ginchiyotachibanafan,"Its a cool game but if your internet is out the game won`t grand you the achievements you got if you go online.That is why i got so little time in, while i beat the game in hours yesterday. Very sad because i won`t do the story over again.The graphics are nice but the cutscenes are very stuttery while going in to gameplay, the parts were you smash someone true walls are very janky as well, and this is on a gtx 780 and I7 4770k in 2017."
,Recommended,242700,33398093,Posted: 9 July,all,Snixy,awesome game
,Recommended,242700,33600919,Posted: 16 July,all,S h o o s h e r,"As it turns out I'm really good at fighting games. This game is excellent, it has a cool story, all of your favorite and least favorite *cough*Aquaman*cough* heroes and villains. Except polka-dot man, he's not in the game sadly. This game provides solid hours of enjoyment.  While I haven't tested it there are multiplayer capabilities. Also while not impossible on a keyboard you will have more fun playing with a controller."
,Not Recommended,242700,30838181,Posted: 30 March,all,Hitly,Good game with a few bugs.However I'm giving this a negative review until injustice 2 is announced for pc
76561198127497317,Recommended,242700,33631316,Posted: 18 July,all,DariusHellcase.com,nice game
,Recommended,242700,18427391,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,dom7inic,Really fun fighting game with a surprisingly good comic-game adaptation.
,Recommended,242700,18317524,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,RaggleRack,"This is a wonderful game and especially the Ultimate Edition. Just like every other fighting game, it gets boring after a while, but what game doesn't. Other than some graphical glitches which rarely happen, this game is almost flawless. I love this game. I could even recomend this as a person's first fighting game, because it is that good!"
76561198188828587,Not Recommended,242700,18397363,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Cubexic,"The game laggs too much, i have one of the most powerful gaming pcs out there and it still lags like crazy, i honestly want a refund"
,Recommended,242700,17922496,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,G0RD1N,Very good bought 9 R $ hahahaha who want to play online just add me
,Recommended,242700,18462884,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,fat nerd,SUDDDDEEENNNLY GREEEEEEEEEEEN simulator 2015
,Recommended,242700,18463554,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Dmitry Drinker of Fluids,Get this game if you love either A - Fighting games or B - Superheroes. Also playing with a Keyboard is not really recommended.
,Recommended,242700,18444359,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mansonchild,"Injustice will appeal primarily and obviously to fans of DC and hardcore fans of fighting games. The Ultimate Edition is worth picking up because of the additional content and the cinematically interactive environments that crumble and transition around the fighting. Unsurprisingly the PC release isnt without its flaws and comes wih alot of tricky button mashing as these kinds of games are known for; apparently the only way Aquaman could ever have  a chance of winning against Lex Luthor is by stunting out a TAB, K, K, L + J, LCTRL + TAB. Be prepared to either buy a controller or seriously configure the key layout.Other than that, its a good game and definitely one I'd recommend."
,Recommended,242700,18541130,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,` Tama,SHAZAM !
76561198064258664,Recommended,242700,18514852,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,LEGION,"Nice game for DC fans.5 stars for graphic arts.4.5 for gameplay (only one ultimate move).2 stars Team Balance (Deathstroke, Superman, Scorpion spamm issues)Overall It is a game for DC fans and more.Final 4 Stars"
76561198097459933,Recommended,242700,18519566,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Mickey Farmskins.com,nice
,Recommended,242700,18453178,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Vegetto,"Best game. Not really fan of those heroes but quite like it after playing this game. They are so much power from all character that I eventually didn't get them all to use yet. And something not cool is fps drop when a cut-scene (using Lenovo Ideapad 305, Intel Core i3, AMD RADEON 2.0Ghz, 6GB RAM, 450GB storage). Btw good game, not regreting that bought it in sale!"
76561198054847390,Recommended,242700,18454427,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,elgransajori,AWWEEEEESOMEEEEEE and thene SOME!
,Recommended,242700,17815855,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,HaveYouMetEd?,Best fighting game ever!
,Recommended,242700,17817004,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Marchew,"Upgraded Mortal Kombat with different characters. 10/10, would buy again."
76561198027553869,Recommended,242700,15627805,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Tactical GummyBear,"Excellent game loved the story mod,  some minor performance issues it can be annoying sometimes but overall still 10/10 !!!"
,Recommended,242700,11039473,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Anubis the Awesome,"Theres plenty to say besides Holly♥♥♥♥♥♥Balls this game is the mother ♥♥♥♥ing Greatest.Injustice is One of the few fighing games that sets the bar. Im not personally a fan of fighing games that are sidescrollers stuck in a spot, but when Innjustice came it blew me away with a bad♥♥♥♥♥story, mutiple amazing interactive fighting arenas, and fights that couldnt possibly be any better even if dreamed.Super man Vs Batman ? hell You get to chose at this rate becase all of the carachters are balanced so damn well.Injustice is deffinatly worth full price and even worth more when on sale."
,Recommended,242700,11042338,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,rendrag099,"Really, really, really enjoy the game. The combat is balanced, the variety in superheroes/villains to choose from is impressive and just an all around fun game. Had no real issues finding people online to play and the connection was solid with no lag to speak of. Even the single player story line is fantastic. Can't recommend this game enough. If you're into fighting games, you have to add this to your collection"
76561197961703695,Recommended,242700,11001285,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jahpocalypse,Best story mode in a fighting game ever.
,Recommended,242700,10962977,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ManedFox,This has an amazing story for a fighting game. I would love to see it become a movie.
76561198009375821,Recommended,242700,10881780,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Trust me im an engineer,Was good! I liked it very much. Would recommned for people who like to beat guys up with heores with other heores. Haha!
,Recommended,242700,18224232,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Borker Skum,Fun game for sitting around on the couch with friends story mode finished in a few hours
76561198134813531,Recommended,242700,18221777,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,[USF4Revival] burks,"Really good game, story mode is pretty fun and challenging (begginers like me) but still having problems how to control my meters burn"
,Not Recommended,242700,18223182,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Spicy Sucks,"I was expecting better quality when I bought this. My keyboard barely works when I'm playing this game and the screen freezes too easily. If you do want to buy this, then go ahead. This is just my opinion."
76561197973636079,Recommended,242700,18223258,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,unicorn_wizard,"The story was the best part of the game. It was very engrossing and compelling. The fight was good, but not great. In my opinion, there should be a block button, not just moving backwards. Overall, if you're a fan of the comics, you like the story."
76561198189073103,Recommended,242700,18240869,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Aytgh,"This game has in my opinion an interesting story despite the obvious conclusion. It could be worse - Superman could be portrayed as a purely good boy scout like he usually is. In this story he appears more human and relatable than usual. The Graphics of this game are awesome (especially with female fighters, grrrrrrowlll). There could probibly be more dialog options for characters during clashes and other situation but this doesn't distract me at all. However, what is distracting is that sometimes the game shuts down unexpectly. It can run for hours one day and not do that and then shut down after only two or three hours another day. It's really frustrating when that happens - especially in the middle of challenges. Oh, and there are no mentions of error in the Event Viewer.Pros:+ Good Story+ Amazing Graphics+/- Gameplay (I found playing with keyboard quite easy actually, except for few times during minigames)+ All the Female Fighters look over the top gorgeous+ You can view them in their skinsCons:- Performance issues-/+ Gameplay (there are somethings that are tricky)- Sometimes unfair Star Labs missions (Like avoiding kryptonite batarangs which Batman chucks almost constantly at Superman)I'm kind of in between recommending this game and not recommending it. For me, it has performed well most of the time. So, I'm going to recommend it just for that. Although, I might change my mind when I get tomultiplayer."
76561198096031389,Recommended,242700,18296822,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kai121,"Great overall, a bit glitchy on level transitions.Current setup:Win 1016 GB Ram4.1 GHZ Fx 6300260 GB SSD/3 TB HHDAMD 290X 3 GB GPU"
,Recommended,242700,18287922,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,PantheRed,"Cool game to play a couple of matches, fun and easy to play, but it gets boring after you learn to play with all the characters"
,Not Recommended,242700,18284455,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,OcularRat19,It is really slow on my pc. Don't get me wrong Injustice Gods Among Us is an awesome game. But it is really slow and to hard to control and takes alot of space. But I don't hate it.
,Recommended,242700,18103060,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Terminator ヅ,"The story mode should have been longer.Barely any people to play with online.Still, a lot of fun."
,Recommended,242700,18183848,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Pimpstyle9008,Great fighting game compared to Mortal Kombat
76561198002217287,Recommended,242700,18184126,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,The Three Eye Nipples,Amazing Game!
,Recommended,242700,18171322,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Carl Sagan,A less violent version of Mortal Kombat featuring DC Comics Characters9/10
,Not Recommended,242700,18164139,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Nootflix and Chill,The real Injustice here is that this game actually costs real money. Just♥♥♥♥♥♥poor really isn't it.
,Recommended,242700,13706631,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Tblitz69,If your having frame skip like then try this. It may not work for allGo to nvidia control panel > 3D settings > Manage 3D settings > Program Settings > under select a program to to customize chose Injustice: Gods Among Us (injustice.exe) and then click Add > scroll down and find Vertical sync and turn it Off.After doing this my game ran smooth at 60fpsHope this helps
76561197979336438,Recommended,242700,13630500,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BadAndy,I was a little disappointed. I feel like Wonder Woman could have been made more hotter. Something about Raven though makes me want to still give this game a thumbs up though.
,Not Recommended,242700,13678071,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,NytGrynder,crashes before the match either at highest or lowest setting...Update:OK so i did a little reading regarding the issue seems like turning off shadow will fix the problem... so they gotta do something about this still :)MSI GT70 DominatorGTX870M
,Recommended,242700,13107215,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GnarGnarHead,"its a poor port, playable but the game mechanics outdated by 20 years.. pretty sad, tho it looks good and is fun if you like comics.. ok then i bought a controller, its a pretty dang fun game"
76561198008613386,Not Recommended,242700,13482239,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lotrial,"Don't buy this game, the multiplayer just not work"
,Not Recommended,242700,13483483,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,I'm Pear,way worse than its predocesor mortal combat 4/10
76561198033016338,Recommended,242700,13504855,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Eastwynd,"In one word: FUN.The only downside are the controls. They take a bit of work to get used to, but then it was designed for consoles. After some personalization however, all was well."
76561198168542417,Recommended,242700,13510352,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,God_King_Xerxes,"Game is all right nothing much about it. I have to admit that the online experience is very low  . The hit detection is absolute zero in online play. The servers are too slow, the online portion unenjoyable .  Every match I played  was lagging. Makes no difference how many bars you have or your opponent.BTW : MK 9 is still betterSince I'm a ""kind God"" I recommend this game lol"
,Recommended,242700,13477977,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,leebaldz5332,I love this game because of its storyline. THe only thing I can complain about is its colors. It appears to be washed up or something. But I had it fixed by Using SweetFX
76561198117855242,Recommended,242700,13480937,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MSilv,"Even if you're not into the comics or suck at (most)fighting games like me, this one is well worth 5 bucks. The special moves are amusing and the main story is entertaining. 9/10"
,Recommended,242700,13455971,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Reverse Flash,"the controls are ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. super awkward unless you have a controller. the tutorial doesnt change after the button setup you use, and i cant change the main menu buttons. probably good with a controller. gameplay itself is good.Good game, but controller needed."
,Recommended,242700,13458816,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,OsSo_Lobox,Excellent fighting game that feels rewarding every time you beat all the different types of ladders. The story's good but isn't Mortal Kombat level. If you're a DC fan you'll absolutely love this game.
76561198082339408,Recommended,242700,13459398,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,madnessmuse,alot of fun
,Recommended,242700,13445218,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,vgkitov,"Fun game, but overall I prefer Mortal Kombat, but maybe Im just used to the moves.The mechanics are pretty solid and the story is surprisingly good (For a fighting game).My main gripe is with the online multiplayer, local is a lot of fun.7.5/10"
,Recommended,242700,11736187,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,dreizehnX,"It is fun to play. The gameplay is nice, the interaction with the surroundings is pretty cool.The story mode is also quite good but a bit short, I think.You will have fun playing the game even if you don't know all the DC heroes. I only knew Batman and Superman (and a bit of Catwoman/The Flash) when playing this game and had lots fun.If you are an experienced player or have a whole day time, then you will play through the story mode in a single day."
76561198052520972,Recommended,242700,11737650,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Asshat,"This is one of the best games that I have ever played. The graphics are amazing and the overall game was, if anything, improved by being ported to pc. I rate it a solid 11/10. Better than half life 3, guaranteed."
76561198064956101,Recommended,242700,11568167,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Axion,"fan of DC comics, fan of mortal combat, then yes definitely ur game of choice, though advise to buy it during steam sale, the price isn't worth italso double win if you're a fan of Batman, srsly badass"
76561198041442889,Recommended,242700,12809167,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,culinarykid92,I am not a big fighting game guy (the occassional Super Smash Bros and Playstation All-Stars player). So I was very impressed with this game. I played the story in one session taking about 5 hours of time. I feel this fighting game is for people into superheroes and stories. This is a well written story and pretty enjoyable game.
,Recommended,242700,12810731,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BobbyBobkins,Its aight.
,Recommended,242700,12811011,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,AWierdShoe,A true masterpiece of awesomeness! This game is the true fighting game to conquer all others. Love the costume designs and unique movesets to the characters.
,Recommended,242700,12844732,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,shrek,BEST GAME EVER
76561198047116294,Recommended,242700,12851301,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,got99problemz,An absolutely addictive fighter. Once I started the story campaign I never put the controler down. Characters are diverse and the combo system is smooth. Ultimate attacks add to the eye candy which this game provides in abundance. Full controler support that reacts with precision. Probably the best fighting game I've ever played. Highly recommend this one.
76561198041624744,Recommended,242700,12659472,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Elcor05,"Story was well done, but the controls are a little wonky, albeit I can't say I'm an expert at fighting games, mostly involving movement."
,Recommended,242700,10692041,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FluffyBunnyy,Good enough to wasting time
76561198045496950,Recommended,242700,10930371,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ツ ☣ polcii™ ✌,I lacked team mode like has tablet version. But in overall score is still pretty well playable.
,Recommended,242700,10931823,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JaykePhoenix,I only wish Marvel would make a game this epic... :'(
76561198004056372,Recommended,242700,10932671,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kasfunatu,"I always worried about games like this on PC, and thought they had a place on a console; but plugging in an xbox controller and booting this up I lost a couple hours as I quite merrily romped through the main story. A bit of gamer's thumb at the end of it, but all good fun; and enough for me to not worry and have another hour's worth of followup vs matches with a Steam-friend. At the cost of a pint, even if I never pick up again, it was worth it."
76561198001721708,Recommended,242700,10932832,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Red∙Hæded∙Stranger♫,yeah... the story could have been a lot better but good character selection and overall good fighting game.
76561198118359177,Recommended,242700,12797480,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,KaoS,I wish we could have a mac version... i bought the game long time ago but i couldn't play it n my pc.. now i bought a mac and this game is not compatible for mac...
76561198114551250,Recommended,242700,13277557,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,realdeal9000,"Look For the Lower Case 'L' And YouWill Be Kissed Tomorrow:LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLlLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL LLLLL*Now Look For The Q And Your WishWill Come True:... ... ... ... ... OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O.. .OOOOOOOO*This Is Really Hard, Now Find The 'N':MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMNMM*Now Find The Mistake:ABCDEFGHIJKLNMOPQRSTUVWQYZ*Something You Really Want, After thecountdown!!!!!10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Now Close YourEyes And Make A Wish! ;*;*;*;*;*;* NowPaste This On 9 pages And Your WishWill Come True! Hurry, You Have 20minutes! Or What You Wished For WillBe The Opposit"
,Recommended,242700,13279568,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Gustavo Fring,I havent played much of the game but what I have played I really enjoyed and because i have the mobile app I get lots of rewards for both which is great. It has pretty good graphics and a decent storyline.
,Recommended,242700,14998868,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Intelecto Nível 12,+
76561197986673664,Recommended,242700,15034822,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,I have Molly,"Enjoyable, fun, and a nice extension/tie-in/continuation  to the injustice DC comic series.If you like superhero's duking it out, dc superheroes, or just good 'ol fashioned offline multiplayer with friends, then you need to add this game to your collection.Good story that crosses over to actual comicbooks, fun fighting, and amazingly fun multiplayer (offline imho. online is buggy)Enjoy!"
,Recommended,242700,15027716,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Vegito Blue,"The story is pretty damn interesting, but at times a  bit one note and pretty standard. I wish they delved into how Superman became so ""evil"" instead of just having him swap personalities on the turn of a dime. It's just hard to believe that a character with such moral fiber can turn so quickly.Also, this game heavily underplays Wonder Woman's contribution to the situation, as presented in the Injustice Comic Series. However, the Story Mode is still pretty fun and you can squeeze a good 6-8 hours from it.Now to what the game TRULY excels at... The fighting mechanics. This is quite honestly some of the best fighting I've ever had the chance to play with. Period. I personally enjoy the heavy style of the Mortal Kombat series (and Injustice) to the more brisk, choppy style of Street Fighter. If that's your thing, then pick this up. The combat is fluid, extremely in-depth, even better than MK9's, and allows you perform some pretty crazy combos.Also, the character roster is pretty large and includes every character you'd want in a DC fighting game. Superman, Wonder Woman, the Flash, Batman, Green Lantern, Doomsday, Nightwing, General Zod, Sinestro, and plenty, plenty others.Even if you're not a huge fan of fighting games, do yourself a favor and pick this one up. Definitely worth it. This game has great replay value.8.5/10"
76561198115126240,Recommended,242700,19485178,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,VisitableEnd,AWSOME GAME!!
76561198066111808,Not Recommended,242700,19497356,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Brazen Aden,"Story was fun, fighting was subpar and boring. Not very innovative and honestly only worth it on sale."
76561198010371974,Not Recommended,242700,12883187,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,cvblade,"Mortal Kombat is better. Only get this game if its on sale for less then 5-7 bucks. They really dropped the ball on this one. While the game itself is good, it is missing serious small mechanics, that make people like me, who love fighting games, and spend hours of raging against my roomies in a 3 round universe, that make this game stand out as the one we never pull off the shelf. The major one is there is no way to block. You simply have to be the one always on the offensive, and never looking for that opertunity to land an uppercut. The button masher wins this game. not the person who knows all the combos.5/10--Other fighting games are much better.....much better"
,Recommended,242700,19488157,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ski mask aka the slump god,"Pretty fun really, good for coop, might be better on console though."
76561198085732637,Recommended,242700,19595276,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"I'm pretty sure the game is great but whenever I try to play the tutorial, story mode or single player, the game just freezes and I'm unable to do anything. I need some help, please."
76561198086805481,Not Recommended,242700,10106771,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Nuka-Raider,"Great fighting mechanics though it can get cheap with the objects that can be thrown but you can turn that off which is nice.Personally, I recommend you getting this on consoles as the ultimate edition unlocks all costumes and characters for you from the start which leaves little reason to play the STARS missions outside of achievements and, as with all fighting games, online can get frustrating...Just play this with your friends on the console and maybe wait for a price reduction as well.   Fighting games on PC doesnt offer much in my honest opinion compared to other genres.But dont get me wrong the story and the fighting is very well done but there are a lack of variety of costumes for many characters especially the DLC addons.10/10 Shazam > Superman > Batman"
,Not Recommended,242700,19697457,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Varheen,Bad game. Dont waste your money.
76561198220875708,Not Recommended,242700,19546927,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,✪ XZEL POSEIDON,I cannot enter the game.....WTF.
,Recommended,242700,19738025,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bruh Mama,"Currently enjoying it, but the simple combos are sometimes hard to execute due to unresponsive keys (using keyboard, not sure about controller) and the pause key is not available instantly after fights (for skipping storyline cutscenes), need to wait a bit for it be able to be pressed. The combos are pretty simple and short, focus seems to be more on graphics and connecting combos and skills, rather than long strings of attack combos. Personally i prefer long strings but something new is enjoyable too. And most of my mobile reward for getting and playing this on PC are not rewarded."
76561197968206309,Recommended,242700,19434096,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Lone jacobs,Nice game.  Like the characters.   Kinda funky controls on the keyboard.    Otherwise ok
,Recommended,242700,19322051,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Incognito Flamingo,"Reskinned street fighter, if you're into that. Good game, but not really my style."
,Recommended,242700,19423486,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,EF,"Great game, minus the lack of MP problems/issues.I don't recomend buying it to play online, but is a blast for you and your friends to play locally."
76561198116183170,Recommended,242700,19481007,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ToastyTheBuffiting,10/10 would bang
,Not Recommended,242700,19397533,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Qwar,"Pros:- You get to fight as Batman, the Joker, Harley, Flash, and whatnot.- Decent graphics.- Cool moves, in the spirit of classic comic.Cons:- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ default control schemes.- This might be me, but the special moves are pourposefully obnoxius and unreliable to perform.- Atrociously surrealistic plot, in the spirit of classic comic.- Tekken-style movement (as in, all characters except Flash seem to have weights attached to their feet).Veredict: 5/10"
,Recommended,242700,19729627,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Kuran,"Like Batman? Like Scorpion? Want a good fighting game with good story? See the pros and consPros:- Have Batman- Have Scorpion- Great game- Great Story- Nice challenges- Cool maps and transitions- Cool unlockablesCons:- Not totally otimized to PC- Online community almost dead- Game desconnects from online battlesI, personally, would recommend ONLY for the local multiplayer (still works) and for the single player"
,Recommended,242700,19515881,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Баклажан,Better than Mortal Kombat.
76561198044258921,Recommended,242700,30641609,Posted: 20 March,all,ccjesper,"A fun fighting game, but if you don't like DC, there's probably better options out there. Still, if you've played em all and you're looking for something new, Injustice can hold its own as a fighting game, for sure. But if you don't love fighting games and you're not a giant comic book nerd, I'd spend your money elsewhere. If you're one or both of those things, though, this game isn't bad at all. 14/19, would pit two aquamen against each other again."
76561198089547003,Recommended,242700,19897775,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Josywan,what do i say? awsome game punch a dude through a planet? done wanna use all your fav dc dudes done even the guys you dont even like? done joker lantern doomsday superman joker lex all there
76561198155726641,Recommended,242700,19877342,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,YoRHa,relaxing game
,Recommended,242700,19877416,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Nikolai,This game is so cool and anyone can play with controller.Recomended for all!
76561198187251138,Not Recommended,242700,19924679,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,maxrino1991,"I can't play multiplayer, why?"
76561198090130754,Recommended,242700,19922991,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cap'n Crunch,"I played this game on my phone, and now I have it on steam(TOTAL GAME CHANGER)"
,Recommended,242700,19922008,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,HarleyCatQuinn,"My lifes dream has finally come true. To play as Zatanna, catwoman, harley quinn, martian manhunter, hawkgirl, killer frost, raven. I can die happy now.Great port for the Pc version. No lag or problems at all.9/10"
76561198061120007,Not Recommended,242700,19951335,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,23zoom23,SUCKY CONTROLSother than that the game is about avg fir a fighter 4/10
,Recommended,242700,20017174,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wheat (Jacob),This game is great. Satisfying when you hit someone else and great visuals and controls. BUT MORE PEOPLE NEED TO COME ONLINE
,Recommended,242700,20019297,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Feng.Krip,"*Contains spoilers*I've played this game before. It's great. Love the mechanics. I just wish it wasn't slightly bugged, but in negligible parts however.In Injustice 2 (the future) the joker stomps on the loser's♥♥♥♥♥♥when he wins.All of the story is available in Injustice 2 as well, so it's interesting to see how it all combines under the same genre. Anyway, enough side tracking. Injustice is a fun game designed to be full of button mashing and combos. As for the gameplay, it is a little choppy and timing is extremely important. I got bored of it after a couple of hours of storyline. Injustice 2 (the future) has roleplay mechanics, similar to Until Dawn- where one gets to choose multiple endings by choosing different pathways. I'd advise waiting for 2 to come out, unless you enjoy what this game has to offer. So much Injustice 2 in this review that in fact I think I'm just bandwagoning... TL;DR Injustice 2 comes out and everyone is much happier with this game. Injustice 1 is slightly choppy, but for fans it is worth a buy when it is on sale."
76561198146843570,Recommended,242700,24020748,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Banan,Good game. 8 / 10
76561198138013515,Recommended,242700,23893748,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,🅱️r0ct0r,Fun game but controls for keyboard are weird. I'd reccommend getting on a console if you don't have a controller hooked up to your computer.
76561198201068473,Recommended,242700,23899038,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,deathtrooper001,So hyped for the second one!!!
76561198072282810,Recommended,242700,24118902,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ubhiya,Story is fun not only for DC fans because story is well made in arranging many fights. However fights are not as much entertaining as in the story mode and requires many hours of practice to do simple combos. Frankly speaking i recommend this game but be ready for short story and complicated fight mechanics.
,Not Recommended,242700,24165139,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Tienlong,Do not buy this game.  There is an unfixable FPS cap and it will run like absolute crap if your monitor is in any way modern.
,Recommended,242700,24173672,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DemonEmpress,it is a really good. you should really get it loves
,Recommended,242700,25557196,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,mazza666gaming,"Brilliant, graphics, gameplay and really fun to play. Looks really cool."
76561198056335135,Recommended,242700,25579600,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Canadian Menace,"Amazing! Awesome story line, graphics, combat and controls (if you have an X-box controller)! Though, it's super lagy on  steam link."
,Recommended,242700,12592230,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Enzo,Good game if your not playing agents a sore loser
,Recommended,242700,25699262,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SweetMotherGod,lumayanlah jang ngabuburit
76561198223985840,Recommended,242700,25594729,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Tebby4,Great story !! worth a buy
,Recommended,242700,20462332,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Based Carlton,wonderwoman x superman on fakku 10/10 best story ever
76561198131091359,Recommended,242700,25465470,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,naapurinvelho,"Before we get started: I'd been putting off this game for a long time - mainly because I'm terrible at fighting games. The other day, however, the urge to beat down comic book characters with other comic book characters grew too strong to resist. At the time of my typing this out, I'm only 3,4 hours in on the game. But I think that relatively very short time has given me enough insight for a small review.So yeah, this is a fighting game. With QTE's. Normally that'd be more than enough to make me run for the hills, but the idea of brutally dismantling extraordinary people with some of my all-time favorite characters was just too delicious. DC Universe Online completely lacks the satisfying feeling of impact and has a somewhat odd combat system, and Arkham Asylum (which refuses to work past a certain point) is only about Bats and his rogues gallery. Marvel Heroes is a bit too close to Diablo and while Champions Online is fun and customizable, it doesn't allow you to feed your opponent to a gigantic shark or punch them into space when you get tired of kicking them around.The characters can look a little odd and over-designed, but most characters have multiple skins. They also play differently enough for me, in a way that makes sense in the context of the character; Joker doesn't humiliate you with reality-altering shenanigans, even though it's something he's done in the comics. Because of reasons.The writing has been surprisingly good so far. Fights don't seem as forced as I'd feared and the many cutscenes mesh well with the fighty bits, creating a nicely flowing story. The voice acting's alright and - even though this is a universe separate from the mainstream comics - everyone has a familiar, recognizable persona. Even Superman feels understandable in his actions as a version of the beloved hero, as opposed to having been made a villain for the sake of having to have one.In the end, my biggest gripe is that I'm simply not very good at fighting games. I'll get better, of course, but accidental wrong moves are very frustrating nonetheless. The timing of some button combinations seems to me almost sadistic, but I'm not gonna let that keep me from curb-stomping Superman.Injustice: Gods Among Us is a solid, entertaining game, even if you're not bestest buddies with fighting games. It makes you feel like you're controlling a super person without sacrificing in other important aspects. Definitely worth the money, even today."
,Recommended,242700,25772355,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,EndFiddy,Mortal Kombat with Batman what more do you want?
76561198095565880,Recommended,242700,25791459,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,japa21,"Good game.hard to get your head around the controls though, and take a lot of time."
,Recommended,242700,26007912,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Marius,JESUS CHRIST! What is not to love about this badassery?STEPS:-go to character select you choose outfit and fighter-ya choose your enemy and their outfit-ya pick a map-last and final step pumble the ♥♥♥♥ out of the opposing threat10/10-would bane brake again...
,Recommended,242700,25881400,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tryhardosaurus Rekt,"Mortal Kombat for DC fans who dont like Mortal Kombat.Pretty damn good, waiting for a sequel."
76561198028402735,Recommended,242700,25978394,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ansyr05,"I very much enjoyed the story mode, but as a fighting game I just couldn't get into it.Still, I think fans of DC comics should totally check this out."
,Recommended,242700,26005185,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,LegoDetail,great game. The wbid sync between this and IOS is a bit glitching and i haven't gotten to work and the online battles won't connect but besides that its a great game
76561198064852407,Recommended,242700,26190226,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"I still don’t like DC (except Plastic Man) but I like fighting games. This game is good enough to make up for some of DC weak points; also the story is awesome, with and evil Superman. I feel Superman is like Jean Claud Van Damme, he’s the best when he’s playing an evil role."
,Recommended,242700,23811413,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Patrick Star,it is fun
,Recommended,242700,24011516,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Makis_Litoris,"Very good lore, similar to Batman vs Superman movie.- Never managed to play a multiplayer game so if you are interested in multiplayer be careful it doesn't work properly"
,Recommended,242700,24068357,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lucario2OOO,Meh. they could have been less of a button masher game but thats most Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter games. this just adds overpowered people. and i dont know how cat woman doesnt die in one hit from superman.
76561198252740454,Recommended,242700,24070760,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,-MAG-,so Awsome and cool get it now
76561198141926609,Recommended,242700,24035361,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Neener Beaner,"Pretty good game, some of the actions didn't work sometimes and the navigation was a little confusing at moments- that also just might be me not getting all the mechanics though. Gameplay is amazing otherwise."
76561198171871474,Recommended,242700,22724345,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,jjkovo,"9/10 - Recommend. I purchased on a sale and have enjoyed the time I've put into it, will continue playing.Great graphics, good story, and enjoy the challenges in Story Mode. My only con would be that the characters have only one super power move but overall the controls and moves in the game are fairly easy to master. Button-mash mode isn't too bad, lol, but don't expect to beat the AI in harder modes without learning the moves/combos."
,Recommended,242700,13462146,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rated R Caparoni,"Amazing gameplay , short but good story , 7.5/10 Worth Playing !"
76561198014990803,Recommended,242700,13464414,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ruckus Bringa,its fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥lol
76561198076364572,Recommended,242700,13464940,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DoctorWiseGuy,REAALLY FUN GAME! If you like fighting and DC superhero games this is the game for you friend! I love the combat just feel so brutal I enjoy it to much . So many Heros and Baddies to pick from its great! The storymode is ok worth a play but the heart and soul of the game is the fighting duh !Get it haha!
,Recommended,242700,13451590,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,mrfelpa,Very funny i recommend it
76561198118126341,Recommended,242700,13342792,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,AeroHybrid,"DC Universe meets Mortal KombatBest DC fighting game ever!!! :DAn awesome assortment of charatcers, story, locations and achievements(I would love to see a Marvel vs DC Injustice in future...may not happen but I can dream about it)still Injustice Gods Amoung Us Ultimate Ediiton = Highly recommended"
,Recommended,242700,13490144,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,phathom_jr,"I'm a DC fan and I love this game so much I've played on XBOX and iOS And now I just bought a copy for PC version, this will also help you unlock some characters and stuff on mobile version Much appreciated and cheers"
,Recommended,242700,13725973,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HBrancoG,"Awful port, even though the game itself is good. If you like Mortal Kombat, fighting games, and/or the DC characters, go for it – but buy it for another platform."
76561198257391332,Recommended,242700,25734405,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Karystma,"I love the gameplay and it is a very fun and enjoyable experience (especially with Scorpion, as he is my FAVE) .The only things I don't like is there is no backgrounds, icons or profiles for any of the DLC characters, and that it is hard to find anyone on Multiplayer at all.Other than that, Injustice GAU UE is still a worthwhile game to play and I can't wait for Injustice 2. I just hope they make a skin for Deathstroke from the 2003 Teen Titans TV Show, and give him the same voice actor as well."
,Recommended,242700,30751503,Posted: 26 March,all,Infinite CJ,"The game is good, me personally cant run the game so well even though i past the minimum and very close to the recommended but whatever. Though keep in mind that this is not only for DC lovers but you got to be good at fighting games and understand fighting game mechanics. This is a good blend(gameplay wise) of Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat and honestly i prefer Injustice a bit more than MK. You'll have fun but the online is kind of bad connection wise but that could just be me also the remaining players playing this online are very good.Story is goodGameplay is goodNetcode is most likely bad thoughPlayers are dedicated and are very good"
,Recommended,242700,22287337,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,ravie_aldiansyah,nice game
76561198147405767,Recommended,242700,22176895,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Buba Fett,😎 Cool!
,Not Recommended,242700,22166423,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Unkindled Ash Ketchum,"Having to input specific ""combos"" instead of just stringing together normals feels wrong, and the input buffer is too punishing."
,Recommended,242700,21514416,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ThunderMcBuffHuge,"The fantastic story mode lasts about 4 hours. The single player content seems fun too. I haven't been able to turn on the online multiplayer yet. It's worth it on sale, but I wouldn't pay full price until you're sure online multiplayer works."
,Recommended,242700,22013210,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,freakst101,"great game i love it but i wish the keyboard controls were better. i have to use my controller because i just cant get my head around the keyboard. and also there is no mouse at all, not even in the  menu.but its still a great game and the gamepad controls are great especially with a logitech persicion controller."
,Not Recommended,242700,20109788,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gameone.narciso,"I really don't like its controls, it is kinda messed up"
,Recommended,242700,20115799,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Atyant,Mortal Kombat with DC charactersWhat could be better?
,Recommended,242700,20102785,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ST4GG3R,"I can't see why people don't like this game. This is a great version of the game with awesome new characters, skins and missions. If anybody has a chance to get this especially since the holidays are going on, DO IT!"
,Recommended,242700,12535345,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,K1LL3R_B16Y0,"If You like superheros, it's a must have."
,Recommended,242700,19946245,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,UserAnimated,Good game but I there are some maps/characters that whenever I play the screen doesn't move and stay's frozen. My settings are the lowest they can be still nothing :/
,Recommended,242700,19979020,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TrumpNation2017,Lol
,Recommended,242700,19977501,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,🌘Néro™,FIGHT!!!!! awesome story from another universe. good pick up from steam sales well worth it!!!!
,Not Recommended,242700,20180521,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,v1lly,Wtf cant play story mode?!!?!?
,Recommended,242700,21183931,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,HackerMan567,F*ck yeah!
76561198054653590,Recommended,242700,20986341,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,justicar347,"This is a fun beat'em up for anyone that loves superheroes. The story mode is captivating.  I liked the wide selection of characters and costumes.On the negative side, the controls can be rough. Blocking is done by hitting back instead of a block button which can take a while to master. Some of the combos are nearly impossible to pull off. I gave up on some of the training missions.Still, it is a lot of fun and I would play it for the story alone."
76561198145604972,Recommended,242700,20984564,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,loader963,liked the dc universe... kinda meh on the fighting style but nice for a while
76561198054336034,Recommended,242700,21018775,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Pietro BR,"really awesome fighting game... could have a bit more characters in my oppinion, but it is really fun to play, and I feel that  it brings enough inovation to make it worth cheking out if you are already familiar with the mortal kombats, and street fighters out there"
76561197968900949,Recommended,242700,21092107,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Panthermodern23,what a bargain for a such a few credits
,Recommended,242700,21091145,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Future Swag Force,"Do you like Mortal Kombat? YesDo you like DC? YesBuy this.To some, it may seem like just a reskin of Mortal Kombat, but it's more than that. While Netherrealm studios doesn't have fatalities, they add different mechanics that change your strategies, such as the wager mechanic, armor and health vs tag team, and stage transitions. It's really fun to watch your enemy clash through buildings. Not so much if that end up being you. The best part is that the devs kept the personalities of each of the characters true to themselves. They also fight the way they would in the comics or movies. You can also activate their signature abilities to give your character an edge. Is Bane pounding you too hard? Tap into the speedforce as flash and strike like lightning.All in all, would pay $20 for it, but since it's at $5 right now and you might be on edge, let's just say you won't regret spending that money."
,Recommended,242700,21089687,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,JL Gaming,I think this is game is awesome because of the new characters and the graphics. The thing I like about injustice is the special moves. It is very awesome. I think everybody should play this game.
,Recommended,242700,21066398,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MaxPayne,"Best fighting game I've played, easier to get into than Mortal Kombat, and the DC influence is great."
76561198095500871,Recommended,242700,21265940,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,64hoops,"PROS- Fun and exciting fighting moves and mechanics that is simple for new players and complex with experienced Mortal Kombat players- A TON of DC super heroes and villains to choose from (I counted about 30 characters with included DLC)- Fluid Controls (For an Xbox Controller) that keeps reminding you that this game was made from NetherRealms Studios.- Interesting single player story that was able to creatively fit many DC characters into the story without making it seem crammed with characters.- Cool background settings of the game that you can actually interact with.CONS- There are not many people playing online multiplayer anymore. (I last checked on February 16 and I saw 3 people online total in the lobbys.)- The cutscenes in the single player story don't look impressive at all. (The opening slow motion cut scene at the police station looks the absolute worst out of all of them)- The story mode is pretty short (probably took me about 4-5 hours to complete).- Some of the fighter's super moves get really repetitive after using the same character multiple times.Final Thoughts- Although there is almost nobody left online to fight, this is another great offline fighting game created by NetherRealms Studios that draws people in with the DC universe. With 30 DC characters to choose from, you will spend much of your time trying out the different characters and their super moves while playing the S.T.A.R Lab missions and battles. With this game sometimes being on sale for about $5, this is well worth it for new players to the fighting genre of games who are also DC fans.  But again this is mostly a single player game unless you find friends to play it with. Also, don't expect multiplayer battles and a lengthy story mode.7/10Consider Buying On Sale"
,Recommended,242700,21272267,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jorgejr1991,Jogo muito bom! De vez enquando dá uns lags mas mesmo assim valeu a pena o preço investido... 10 reais rsrsrs
76561198141557123,Recommended,242700,21227770,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AbdulrahmanRI <3,it's great game like mortal kombat x but with heros the story is very nice and animation good with fantastic graphics and player move
76561197998967217,Recommended,242700,21019224,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Deewana Mastana,"Great graphics, great gameplay for some reason the hours played on this game is being shown incorrect. I have played it for lot more time!"
76561198213186581,Not Recommended,242700,21041088,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Luciuz,"definitevely a bad port, WB doesnt take PC versions too serius go get a console one, not worth even if they were givin it to you for free"
76561198257840324,Not Recommended,242700,21139032,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,BalloonicornDefense,"This game is amazing, the port is terrible. Lags greatly, terrible gameplay, and I crash ont he loading sequence. Not worth my five bucks."
76561198188767202,Recommended,242700,21305955,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,medgard1949,"""Never gonna give you up, never going to let you down and, dessssert youuuu!!!"""
,Not Recommended,242700,21298358,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,gees,"the game itself is good, i met all the requirements (optimized) and it was total crap the gameplay was laggy as hell and sound was behind. I loaded it on 3 computers and it all looked the same"
76561198042195861,Recommended,242700,21876061,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Regalium,Awesome ! Liked it !
,Recommended,242700,21938569,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Naclos,Great game
,Recommended,242700,21944554,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Wicked Wedgie,"The game is really fun! Over the top evironmental/stage transions without getting into the gore of the MK series of games (if that puts you off).  There are things that could be done a bit better:  dialogue gets repettitive, I think this runs a bit slower that it should on my PC, and from what I hear the multiplayer isn't very good.  The multiplayer aspect doesn't bother me since my friends don't play fighting games, and I'd rather not deal with the drama of people rage quiting and/or spamming Deathstroke.  I've played through this on the XBox one first when it first came out, had put it down for a while, and now unlocking everything on the PC (no, I don't have OCD, it's because I'm enjoying the game!)"
76561197972768866,Recommended,242700,25177805,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HitmanAgent47,This has turned out to be one of my favorite fighting games. The graphics are nice. The game plays very well. I was pleasantly surprsied.
76561198030030425,Recommended,242700,25139940,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,I only play campaign and it s good.
76561198036617252,Recommended,242700,25138760,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,_S1d1r@z@L_,BATMAN IS IN THIS GAME. DO   YOU   NEED   MORE  ?
,Recommended,242700,25160084,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,BluShine,"A nice, casual fighting game. There's no complicated inputs, and each character has a fairly small number of special moves. Great game to play with friends, even people who don't usually play fighting games. The recognizable superheroes also help get people interested. If your friends are getting tired of Smash Bros, it's a great replacement.The story mode is actually a lot of fun: you play as a bunch of different characters, it's quite long for a fighting game, and it's all fully-voiced with lots of cutscenes.There's also a ridiculous number of singleplayer challenges for every character, and a singleplayer battle mode where you just fight a bunch of characters, defeat superman, and get a cool little 1-minute cutscene about what happens when that character rules the world. It's nothing compared to the main storyline, but it's still way more story than most fighting games!Definitely get the GOTY edition. The added characters are very fun to play, and you get tons of cool skins (the Red Son skins are great)."
,Recommended,242700,25205254,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,JHMP1,This game put Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice to shame. Why? Well because it doesn't suck. Injustice: Gods Among Us has an interesting story and great and fun combat to enjoy over and over again. 8.5/10
,Recommended,242700,25661844,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,parisu0724,One of the best arcade fighting games out there. Unique character endings gives hours of worthwhile replay time.
76561198158585628,Recommended,242700,25647049,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Just Some Guy,"great game overall but no multiplayer at all. the servers are always empty, if anyone wants to play, please, send me an invite"
,Recommended,242700,25652105,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,LaoSEAsia,I Love DC Hero Game Very Much
76561198018544449,Recommended,242700,25850081,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,HighPalms,"I consider myself one to be very familier with the DC world of comic superheros. I have been a fan of fighting games in the past such as street fighter, mortal kombat, double dragon, way of the exploding fist etc.. I finished the story mode in about 4 hours. I am not a good player at these games, in fact I suck at them. If you are a DC comics fan and of fighting games, I highly, highly recommend this game. Playing the story mode was awesome. You dont have to be a pro playing these type of fighting games to be able to complete the story mode. It does get harder but do-able. There was very little gore but I wasn't intrested in the ""finish him "" move. It was all about just a good beat-the-crap-outta-him beating . The special moves or power moves were hilarious and awesome. I'd only recommend this game due to the story mode since it was good, but if your into the fighting game genre highly recommend too."
,Recommended,242700,25909413,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,michael.martin40,Very easy to get into story mode
76561198193655027,Recommended,242700,25952955,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ahmed5mk,The story mode is very nice. the online play sometimes lag even if you have a fast internet connection. overall the game is good especially if you are a DC fan.
,Recommended,242700,16509028,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,But I Hate You All,Great Game!
,Recommended,242700,16509151,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,tehcrispyduck,Common who doesn't wanna play this
,Recommended,242700,16520457,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Unit-Fatal,"really good game, fun story line and a lot of things to do, but the community seems dead, i bought the game thinking i would play online with others, but theres only but a few playing the game."
,Recommended,242700,16521435,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RockTobias,"If you like fighting games, and are a big hero nut this is your game (Recommend a controller) 7,5/10"
,Recommended,242700,16523308,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,dkid_luke,Hours of DC comics fun.
76561198185358637,Recommended,242700,16526560,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TragicTube,Great game. 99.99%. That 00.01 would be if you added DLC characters
76561198228941028,Not Recommended,242700,16810052,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,casual_gamer_guy,"Interesting premise and artwork, but controls (both during fight and in the minigames) feel sluggish."
,Recommended,242700,16816764,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Guido,good game but not much play time
76561198116400419,Recommended,242700,15704690,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,[TG] RoGu3 Zeus,Love it!
,Recommended,242700,15706612,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,HeWhoDies,"It's DC Super Heroes, it's fighting, powers, out of this world over the top moves. It's viagra. I enjoyed it, can't say I'd play story mode over and over again, but I like the fights. It's about the fights."
,Recommended,242700,16105750,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Desdera,"Great game, have bought it for 2 platforms now."
,Recommended,242700,15940554,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,A tua prima,"I'm a fan of fighting games i'm just not a fan of heavily combo-based games. Nonetheless the game is fun, and if you get some friends to play with you it's even better. The campaign is good, you get to play with the top known characters. The interactions are good, the graphics are great, the gameplay is kind of complicated at first bt for those that like this kind of combo-based games it's really fun. The online doesn't have a big population and most of them are eally good players so if you are more of a button masher like me just get a friend to play with youGraphics 9/10 - Good but not breathtakingSound 6/10 - I was not caught by it, at allGameplay 8/10 - Hard to master but goodPersonal Enjoyment 6/10 - I still recommend the game for DC fans that like fighting games"
76561198059358921,Recommended,242700,16462810,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,hightime1011,Great game!  Bring it on Super Man!   Dark Super Man is awesome!
76561198141931214,Not Recommended,242700,18997986,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,eamonbmxiscool,They still haven't fixed any of the bugs that the game has don't buy it.
,Recommended,242700,26765110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jack Hunter,"Now, This is an Awesome Fighting Game! It's not often you get to see Superman as the final boss. The Graphics are amazing and the Dialogue... My God, The Dialogue! It's just Amazing!"
,Recommended,242700,26966111,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nunixnunix04,"It has a good 6-10 hours of main gameplay if you buy it for cheap (less than $10 IMO). Then there's some mini-battles you can do to pass the time in terms of singleplayer. But let's be honest, this game is a social game to play against others, so I suggest getting a friend to also buy this game so you can compete.The character selection is very attractive due to the well-known characters that you can choose from. And I'm not at all a Fighting game expert, but Injustice defnitely has enough movesets to keep fighting diverse.However, the game is not very well optimized for PC, and I would only EVER get this game if I have a controller to plug in, since the keyboard controls are absolutely atrocious"
76561198054644852,Recommended,242700,26928450,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swordsrus,"This was the game that got me into fighting games. A great introduction to the genre which still has potential for higher level play, not to mention an enjoyable story."
76561198309083242,Recommended,242700,26206306,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Velocity,one of the best games that can be based about super heros and it has the best heros that you can want to play as
,Recommended,242700,18636621,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ghola,Mortal Kombay meets DC Comics . An altenate world where Superman is no longer a boyscout. Any fans of Mortal Kombat or DC Comics stye games should consider getting this next time it is on sale.
76561198076774724,Recommended,242700,17944606,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,LORD,yo
76561198283432308,Recommended,242700,26739191,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,HALOxZealot,"Injustice is a breathtaking game to say the least, for comicbook fans anyhow.  Not much more needs to be said about that!  !0/10"
,Recommended,242700,27166828,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CodingNeko (Ruperta),"It's not bad, I really enjoyed the multiplayer mode, really fun to play, it'll definitely make you rage!"
76561198081633090,Recommended,242700,27077403,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AwenMilano,my nephew very love this game.super heroes fight each other is great idea
76561198065873308,Not Recommended,242700,12306242,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Dat360NoScope @YT,Framerate issue simulator 2014
76561197970273123,Recommended,242700,27092234,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Beef Supreme,"A fighting game with a great story, fantastic visuals, and solid gameplay."
,Recommended,242700,27081456,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SN1CKER1337 #MKD Farmskins.com,Awesome game to play with your best friends!
,Recommended,242700,28735157,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,a good person,"Fun game, Just wish others would atually play onlinei shouldnt have to join a fight club in order to play a ranked match"
76561198164717751,Recommended,242700,28723029,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Autizmo Gizmo,Not as good as Mortal combat but still a good game:)
,Recommended,242700,28692177,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gamerz-Zone,Compare to Mortal Combat I prefer Mortal CombatRecommended if you into DC world
76561198093363183,Recommended,242700,28860632,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Smackm0nk3y,"Fun game with great gameplay.  Single player mode is like playing a movie and will take around 4 hours.  The graphics are good, but not really great.  Some older games have better graphics.  The gameplay makes up for this however.Whats up with Wonder Woman?  She looks.....manly."
,Recommended,242700,28822891,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,pedapatinani,super game
,Recommended,242700,28822372,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ElectricShock27,LUV THIS GAME and I can't wait for the sequel
,Recommended,242700,28889327,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,This Motherfocka,"An Ultimate Edition is supposed to get EVERYTHING unlocked, this clearly doesn't. Did you really need to put your mobile game in the mix??? It's a false advertisement left and right. Good game, bad practices."
76561198089073491,Recommended,242700,28854904,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Octopus.J,Nobody can beat superman? Oh well you beat him here in Injustice: Gods Among Us.8/10
76561198185885126,Recommended,242700,28999559,Posted: 3 January,all,acousticbuddy,"I've been longing to buy this game for quite some time. After buying it (during the winter sale), I'm not regretting it though. Love the graphics, the story mode and it also supports (works perfectly) on my cheap usb joypad. The best part of it, is that it is linked to my mobile version of this game via WB Account, so some of the achievements in the mobile version unlocked certain extra features in this game, which is absolutely great. Overall, I've no issues with this game. So, if you're fan of DC Heroes and Fighting Games, give it a try."
76561198111356455,Recommended,242700,29135428,Posted: 8 January,all,James Baxter,Can't wait for the second one.
,Recommended,242700,31862419,Posted: 20 May,all,ßØØlien punch,"Fantastic game! Takes some practice to get used to the keyboard controlls but it isn't too bad. Great game to play when you have friends over. Really fun if you have a controller that you can use, makes the gameplay much better."
76561198060337570,Not Recommended,242700,31250050,Posted: 19 April,all,UndeclaredWinner,Controller necessary.
,Recommended,242700,31868200,Posted: 20 May,all,Scouts Madesi,"I still don't care about DC but DAMN, this is a good *ss game!"
76561198269624436,Recommended,242700,31874300,Posted: 20 May,all,MertvayaRuka,"Well ,it was really an intreasting game.Excellent fight engine for beautiful displayed.But I can't play it well"
,Recommended,242700,31949468,Posted: 25 May,all,Notoriously  ＴＨＩＣＣ,"A solid fighter with amazing mechanics that makes every battle a flashy, fast-paced, button-mashing fest."
76561198114145429,Recommended,242700,32053641,Posted: 29 May,all,Mine_Brickz,Lots of fun
,Recommended,242700,32056224,Posted: 29 May,all,battlesamurai,love the game play
,Not Recommended,242700,24842466,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Split The Atom,♥♥♥♥ aquaman and this game
,Recommended,242700,31678615,Posted: 11 May,all,KuRLZ,"This was a fun game to playthrough. It had an entertaining and interesting story mode. I haven't played the multiplayer mode yet, but for $10 (during sale) the story is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,242700,31711344,Posted: 12 May,all,sl1ckk1ll3r,"So Good Absolute Fun, A Real Challenge At Times But Overall A Great Game."
,Recommended,242700,32032377,Posted: 28 May,all,DunLikeABoss,"GREAT GAME! Controller is not required, despite what other people might say. I found a keyboard config that works pretty well for me, and actually prefer it over a controller. As far as gameplay goes, excellent game that gives you that Mortal Kombat feeling. Especially fun if you have a friend who owns the game, or someone else you can play with locally. This is the game you've been waiting for; it's not every day you get to kick Superman's butt"
76561198120208570,Recommended,242700,33147018,Posted: 2 July,all,CáputaDePinheiro,good stuff
,Recommended,242700,30936285,Posted: 3 April,all,Fauxdaw,"Injustice is one of those games, that despite the genre, anyone can play. I think for me the main attraction was that it was DC Comics. However, if you are a fighting-game buff, you'll also love the complex mechanics of the game. It has a fairly decent story (which is tied into a really great comic book) and a heap of things to do.I would recommend picking it up if you're planning on playing Injustice 2; to get familiar with the story and gameplay. Personally, I never played online, so I have no idea how active the community is; but if you seek a challenge, hit up the online mode!"
76561198313618824,Recommended,242700,33326946,Posted: 6 July,all,BurningIce,"This game is fun, but it is NOT worth the full price, since it is just a few hours of story mode, and star labs missions. If it is on sale, I would definetly buy it, since this game is fun to play with friends"
,Recommended,242700,33351815,Posted: 7 July,all,George,"This game is pretty decent, has the same mechanics of mortal combat, the side facing arena, where you aim to defeat your enemy. The thing about this game is aswell as that group of mechanics, it has a story, the story follows a new regime, that see the justice league as posers. As villains. As a gamer and a nerd, this game is a thumbs up from me."
76561198283225722,Recommended,242700,33258495,Posted: 4 July,all,The dark tomer,Ohhh. Injustice I played this game something like 6000 hours on my old Xbox... But it's a good game. A really good gameI hope that the new one will come to steam.
76561198245214424,Recommended,242700,24434086,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Frank_Gone_Mad,Storyline: 7/10Graphics: 9/10Price: 7/10Repetvity: 4/10Online Gameplay: 6/10Non-Story Gameplay: 8/10Overall: 7/10
,Recommended,242700,24157598,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,voda505,"It´s a very good game. I can´t do anyhing else but recommend it. Story is very nice, especially for those who like comics."
76561198163052455,Recommended,242700,24158929,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Gho.st,"Loved it! Especially for DC Universe fans, this game is satisfying and likeable. Though it has quite a short storyline and i personally think it would be much more awesome if more fighting moves or combos were added. Haven't checked Injustice 2."
,Recommended,242700,24138589,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CrashMagnet,"Brainless fighting game featuring superheroes whose stories are relatively unexplored within the context of the game. Interesting, nonetheless."
,Recommended,242700,24354375,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,IssacFunny,"From the developers of Mortal Kombat, injustice comes as another fighting game, but with DC characters. Which it works!, It's so fun and easy to play, it has enough to feel as a Mortal Kombat game, but also to feel different.Which makes it easy to pick and it's so fun, plus you can make that Batman v Superman fight everyone loves to see."
,Recommended,242700,29201122,Posted: 12 January,all,Bamboo Sled,Wonderwoman looks like a guy10/10
,Recommended,242700,29159957,Posted: 10 January,all,Dodger7,Its a good game. Waiting for its second part.
,Recommended,242700,29576041,Posted: 29 January,all,YoddaTheHunter,"I can tell that i like it.Neverliked that gender before,tho."
76561198129180042,Recommended,242700,29619452,Posted: 31 January,all,Messer,"While many fighting games focus around gameplay rather than a good story mode and characters, Injustices focuses manages to changee this idea a turn it around. Are you a DC fan or a fighting game lover youll find a bit for everybody in this game. I cant say how many times injustice has kept me and my friend entertained and I highly recommend it for anyone as both a DC comics fan and a gamer."
76561198088523463,Recommended,242700,29838591,Posted: 10 February,all,Deathsinger,This game is a highly addictive fighter game! Love playing my favorite comic book characters in such a game. The Story Mode is very well written and draws you right in!
76561198201127706,Recommended,242700,29851130,Posted: 11 February,all,clonewars956,Amazing gameplay and astounding graphics!!!!!
,Recommended,242700,29830971,Posted: 10 February,all,Robin GOD,UNBELIEVEABLE ACTION !!!!!
76561198353400862,Recommended,242700,31029611,Posted: 8 April,all,samuraiX,the game is vary good i love it 10/10
76561198218970027,Recommended,242700,31010905,Posted: 7 April,all,LOL,liked
,Recommended,242700,29531458,Posted: 27 January,all,blazé,"This game is great, but controls are very hard to get used to."
76561198001259837,Recommended,242700,29349312,Posted: 18 January,all,blackdreamhunk,Very good game But best used with a control pad.
,Recommended,242700,30124933,Posted: 23 February,all,Ï Ðēvil's Paa ÜN ï,Good Games
76561198352683506,Recommended,242700,30124107,Posted: 23 February,all,awesomedd2004,good game. must play.
,Recommended,242700,30117548,Posted: 23 February,all,QUERCUS,absolutely amazing game
,Recommended,242700,31045295,Posted: 9 April,all,PredatorMz,NICE DUDE
,Recommended,242700,31317098,Posted: 23 April,all,AMX121,MK WITH DC CHARACTERS
,Recommended,242700,31334378,Posted: 23 April,all,Captain Dud,"I enjoyed the game, The campaign was interesting if you hadn't had the time to read the comics, and the characters were likable. The local Mulitipayer is a very good system and I hope they bring this into the sequal Injustice 2.Overall I would reccomend this game for a thing you can do at a Party or a get together with friends, otherwise I would not reccomend it, the campaign is too short 2 hours at most and the online matchmaking is dead. My score is a 6.5/10"
76561198066226332,Recommended,242700,31551941,Posted: 4 May,all,Tiny Little Doggo,"The premise for this game makes it sound dumb: you play as a superhero, and you fight other superheroes, how original. However, once you get past the opening cutscene that sounds as if it was written by an eight year old boy who just did a line of coke, the gameplay reveals itself to be that of a novel and ingenuitive fighting game. Every battle in the campaign is new and exciting, even when it's the same one over and over. The animation is beautiful, and reminds you of the original comics from where these beloved characters originate.All in all, this game deserves your purchase for the story mode alone, though the competitive scene is growing everyday."
76561198383394470,Recommended,242700,31390397,Posted: 27 April,all,Red_Hood521,"PLEASE READ THE FULL REVIEWThis game is sure addicting and fun. Its just like any other fighting game with DC characters.Here's the problem with it:-Online mode has connectivity issues. You won't find many players online, and if you do, you might disconnect. (I couldn't even play one online battle yet) (BAD)-It does not recognize the D-PAD of a third party controller (Such as Red Gear). (NOT A BIG PROBLEM, as it does recognize with other original controllers such as Xbox 360 or Xbox one.)-Sometimes it doesn't login to WBID so you might have problems with unlocking more character skins such as Batman Beyond or Harley Quinn (Arkham City).The rest works just fine. Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,242700,31590254,Posted: 6 May,all,k0st1x,very simple story mode
,Recommended,242700,18355856,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,AndyslaV,Even better than a Mortal Kombat except that it's not very popular and it does not play a lot of people. You often only play with boots.
76561198021079390,Recommended,242700,32354282,Posted: 11 June,all,faheemmahmooth,It's a good fighting game with a great single player story.
76561198267435390,Recommended,242700,32366945,Posted: 12 June,all,GAMING BEAST,Can't put it down!!!
,Recommended,242700,32762555,Posted: 25 June,all,RiceBall,"After so many years, it is still an addicting game. Played it on my PS3 and now on PC.Even though i could not link it to my WBID account..."
,Recommended,242700,32735650,Posted: 24 June,all,swish.,"One of the best games i have ever played. Awesome story , awesome fighting , awesome game overall :) ."
,Recommended,242700,32751191,Posted: 24 June,all,something about tyrande,"Best fighting game out on the market right now...if you don't count the sequel (Console exclusive currently)!I have all but praise for this game, from mechanics to story to the amazing characters, NetherRealms has hit a massive homerun with this.The DC Comics universe has some of the most colorful, fun and interesting characters, and the devs have done an amazing job grabbing a handful of perfect characters from the comics and turning them into fighting machines!The story feels alot like a comic book (and it spawned a comic run!), so there's really nothing else to ask from it.The game mechanics are some of the best implemented in a fighting game so far, with the Wager and environment transitions plus others, making the game feel fresh and different from others of the genre.Go grab this one, on discount, out of discount, whenever, just do it!I've purchased it for PS3 and PC already, and I regret nothing!Rating: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242700,32724963,Posted: 24 June,all,legitgamer537,It's a amazing fighting game plus I can mod it to add Deadpool reverse flash etc.
,Recommended,242700,13491709,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,oOo - Longfeather,"Great....Rating: 9/10- Gameplay: 10- Multiplayer: 10- Campaign: 10- Learning Curve/Depth: 10- Community: 10- Performance: 8 - Framerate lag sometimes from cutscenes to battlesDive into this quirky but brilliant fighter game, most of the time you will be wanting to just watch the cut scenes because the plot is well done. The Joker really steals the show in this game, the dark humor is fantastic, Enjoy!- Great storyline- Controller Friendly- Large number of characters- Actual online Multiplayer--Testing Computer Setup--CPU: Intel Quad Core i7 4790sMemory: 16GBVideo Card: GTX750HD: SSD"
76561198324882912,Recommended,242700,33638415,Posted: 18 July,all,KingofDoggo,"It's the superheroes and supervillains of your childhood squaring off in battles to see who would win! What's not to love!A game made with a fighting style that mirrors that of Mortal Kombat, Injustice: Gods Among Us is an amazing game that's storyline is based off of a question that is brought up quite a few times in comic books, ""What if those with power tried to abuse it? What would happen if superheroes turned bad?"" So DC took Superman and a few other superheroes, gave them a cause that ended up in them trying to rise to power, and made a game out of it. Needless to say, they did a phenomenal job. Would I recommend it? Definitely."
76561198148694232,Recommended,242700,17894951,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,emr''aky,When Mortal Kombat meets DC this is what you get.
76561198367818170,Recommended,242700,34119686,Posted: 9 August,all,Whit_42,"Overall a good game. Singleplayer is super fun and entertaing to play. If you're looking for a good multiplayer game though, this is NOT the game. Online servers are DEAD."
,Recommended,242700,34141545,Posted: 10 August,all,Tauni Tunked,Like it more than Mortal Combat series.
,Recommended,242700,34163292,Posted: 11 August,all,Qerdacks,"It's a good game, great story, good graphics, amazing soundtrack, I really hope that they will add the second game soon too."
,Recommended,242700,34198018,Posted: 12 August,all,Durgesh,Reviewing Injustice ...
76561198385126164,Recommended,242700,34190956,Posted: 12 August,all,S|S Crownley,"I absolutely loved this game even though I hated fighting games before. Overall, the story is incredible, the animation is kinda meh, but what can you expect from a game that came out so long ago. What else can I say? Oh yeah, you can make Raven wear the Teen Titans costume from the cartoon. 11/10."
,Recommended,242700,34191670,Posted: 12 August,all,santadonut,"Only 1 complaint: the default keyboard controls7.3/10, too many weird keys - IGN.In all seriousness, this game is pretty fun. I haven't even gotten 2 hours on it as of writing this review, but it's still pretty fun. The combat's unique, each character feels different enough from another to be their own thing and most of the time you're in for a fair fight with this game due to the fairly decent balancing, for a fighting game. Non of the abilities feel spammable and the super powerful op full gauge moves don't feel too game-changing, but can certainly change the tide of a game. If you want a half-decent fighting game with good balancing and a unique combat system, get Injustice, even if you aren't the biggest fan of DC (I know I'm not - I don't even know half of these people)"
,Recommended,242700,34173159,Posted: 11 August,all,Athoru,Some have an issue with the sound. For me the sound doesn't even work. It's a rare bug but it's Unfixable. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK
76561198097612572,Recommended,242700,34157739,Posted: 10 August,all,The Hash Slinging Slasher,"Great game overall. servers are very dead for online matches though. the graphics are great, the story is amazingly detailed, And who dosent want to run people over with the bat moblie"
76561198033907373,Recommended,242700,34213429,Posted: 13 August,all,Staal,Got it on sale. Pretty good for the price.Awesome controls playing on XBOX controller.Graphics is also good considering the release date.Nice addition to my games library.
,Recommended,242700,34925593,Posted: 13 September,all,Ex Nihilo,♥♥♥♥♥♥love this.
,Recommended,242700,23336640,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Trisideon,You can kill superman as scorpion from mortal kombat7/10
76561198178021662,Recommended,242700,34950802,Posted: 14 September,all,The Unsullied,"Have you played a fighting game before? Many? This is your next game!It has an engaging story which is actually pretty rare in a fighting game! The gameplay is super fun and it's so satisfying smashing your enemy through a wall into another wall, then another, et cetera. It's also very fun to play with friends on the same computer. The fighters are all quite well balanced, apart from Zatanna. They all have satisfying special moves and all feel different from each other. You can see a lot of effort has been put into the details in the characters and the environment.Great Game, would recommend!one last thing, don't play Zatanna"
,Recommended,242700,35009236,Posted: 16 September,all,NCR Wood Chuk xD!!,"My review only relates to the singleplayer story, and some multiplayer reviewsI finished the story, which is a simple comic book story within the multiverse. It takes places at a part of the overall story, were everybody already knows each other. The Justice League is well established.Nice graphic for fighting game (7/10)Simple campaign, just beat ur all enemy n fin (9.5/10)Fun play with friend (7/10)(8.5/10) for this gameBought it for 2 dollars, and was definitely worth it"
76561198087411863,Recommended,242700,35073466,Posted: 19 September,all,Xyrane,Meh
,Recommended,242700,35058334,Posted: 18 September,all,Megapiplup,Big fan of fighting games for awhile I have played MVC and Street fighter. This game is a little bit different with DC superheroes.
76561198079421624,Recommended,242700,25577206,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,NonHuman,Though my hours aren't many i played this game a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ton when it came out on PS3. This game has THE best story in ANY fighting game i've played. It ties in all the character very smoothly and works as a video game as well as a comic series (which it is). I would highly recommend this to any DC fans or any fighting games fans. Very good!
,Recommended,242700,34224486,Posted: 13 August,all,Haildodger,"I would say it's okay. It's a typical combat game, like Mortal combat, or whatever. Story mode is very short. The story itself is okay; nothing spectacular. Multiplayer is apparently dead. Overall, I would give it a 4/10 in it's current state. It's a bit dated. If you want to try it, I would say buy it when it's on sale. It's not worth full price."
,Recommended,242700,34285844,Posted: 16 August,all,Dune Tiger,"Injustice 2 has already been out for several months and is leagues better than this game.  Unfortunately, WB's track record with PC ports has not been great and they have made the decision - for the time being - not to bring it to Steam.  It stands to reason that anyone looking at this game now is likely either unable to get Injustice 2 or simply doesn't want to pay the huge bucks it currently costs.  So is this release worth it?Honestly, if you can grab a console version, get that instead.  This release is a port, and it's not an exceptionally clean one, but it's still playable.  The biggest issue is framerate - even with a pretty decent PC, you should be able to run a game as old as this one smooth as butter.  Considering that I can play MKXL, a newer and more intense game (ported by the same guys, too) without any issues, it's weird that the optimization for Injustice is just terrible.  A second, nitpicky kind of issue is that if you are not playing with default layout (maybe you use a stick, maybe you just don't like their ideas, whatever), some of the minigames in the story mode are busted because it tells you to hit A, but it hasn't adjusted for your rebinds.As for the game itself, it's a simplified fighter and a different beast than MK.  For Injustice, NRS took a streamlined approach (even moreso in the sequel) to ensure fast pick-up play.  While you won't be doing ridiculous juggle combos off the bat, anyone can pick up a controller or stick and be competitive with pals at or about the same level of play.  There's three attack buttons measured in strength, so no bindings to limbs (e.g. kick, punch... it's all in the mind... sorry), one to activate individual powers which vary from awesome to turdtastic, and one dedicated for EX-like attacks (here called meter-burn).  Like MK, inputs are simple and don't require diagonals so playing with a d-pad is absolutely fine.  Replacing MK's X-Ray attacks are these set-piece ultra attacks that do a decent amount of damage and have the same spectacle of a fatality, albeit without the blood and gore.  Speaking of, there are no fatalities in this one and it's safe to play with a younger crowd.All that being said, you'll be looking at mostly single-player, off-line stuff for this one as the community has long-since moved on, which is to be expected.  But don't fret, there's plenty to work with and a lot of content to go through so you can easily waste away several hours and get your money's worth.  Moreover, local fights are always an option and always a blast if you have the ability to call pals over (sorry if you're foreveralone.jpg).  The story mode takes a lot from MK9 in that the cinematics usually are a lot longer than the fights themselves - however, as the first game out the door after MK9's release, NRS learned a lot of lessons and one of them was this - gimmick fights♥♥♥♥♥♥off players, so you won't find any here.  There's no ridiculous Goro-like boss or 2-on-1s awaiting you in story mode; it's simply cutscene -> fight -> cutscene until you're done.  It won't blow your mind, but it's what you'd expect from a typical comic book yarn, and it's much better than watching BvS.Still, the appeal is to see all of your favorite and not-so-favorite DC characters get together and beat each other up, and if you know your stuff, this game is a real treat.  Probably one of the first non-Lego games to give DC a good treatment.  However, if your DC knowledge is weak (like mine), you'll find quite a few guys and gals in here that will have you going ""Wha?  Whodis?""  Thankfully, an archive is available to give you quick summaries on every character in the game, including the bundled-in DLC characters, so it'll save you some time on wikis if you care (FYI, a lot of DC wikis suck).One last thing - the skins in this game are awesome.  I did not expect to see all the different skins for the main cast (DLC characters have no alts).  While they are ultimately cosmetic, they are tributes to some of the more popular yarns to come out of DC in the last few decades and they pay homage to lore.  For example, you can deck out Supes as Red Son,  make John Stewart the Green Lantern, play as the Black Flash, etc.  Couple this with unlocking artwork and stuff from years past and there's a treasure chest full of DC goodies available to unlock.Great game, console version is superior, PC version is playable."
,Recommended,242700,34251981,Posted: 15 August,all,Nicholas,"For obvious reasons there's a lot of similarities with the most recent Mortal Kombat games, but that's not necessarily a bad thing as it shares a really nice feeling fighting system, special moves, story mode structure, challenges, and unlockable system.The story itself feels a bit contrived at times, as each cutscene feels like it exists for the sole purpose of setting up the fight. But it's still a lot more fun and enjoyable than just fighting up a combat ladder. Would recommend, but probably only if you're a DC Comics or fighting game fan."
76561198208146539,Recommended,242700,21128933,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Francesco✔,nice game i totally recomand it
,Recommended,242700,35439977,Posted: 3 October,all,KeiZey⍟,"This is a good game , the controls are a bit confusing at first but it gets really easy once you got used to it."
76561198198847683,Recommended,242700,35398841,Posted: 1 October,all,Lior,"EXCELLENT Game, Waiting for INJUSTICE 2 !!!"
76561198170902655,Recommended,242700,35456039,Posted: 3 October,all,megadoomer,"good game quality, great gamplay controls, and a fun story."
