user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,242760,28410357,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,RBG Cliff,"The Forest is hands down the best Alpha game I have ever purchased. With that being said, i'd like to list the pros and cons of the gamePROS:-Open world sandbox survival done rightWhen I first got this game, I thought it would just be another one of those build a castle and live forever kind of games. I was wrong, thankfully. In The Forest, you can build incredible structures, but the enemies make your life difficult regardless of how good your defenses are. Want to eat but your food reserves are low? Too bad! There's a raiding party of 6 cannibals outside yelling at you about your destruction of the environment. The more you cut down trees and kil cannibals, the more enemies will come for you. It's like the EPA, but they're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and want to eat you. The cannibals will hound you day and night, and they're crafty little things. They will gang up on you from all sides. Just when you thnk they've left and it's safe to kill that lizard that's been running from you for a week, they come out of nowhere and start beating you down.-The story is actually amazingYou'd think that they would just make occasional tweaks to the AI to make them better at killing you, and that's it. But nope, the developers of The Forest actually made a compelling and interesting story (and it makes sense!). There's bits of lore to find everywhere. From caves, to boats, and sometimes just on the ground in select places. The game offers lots of foreshadowing and clues to what is really going on there. The games ending is just great as well. It answers damn near all the questions that I had asked about the game, but you know what the awesome part is? The ending is not an easy thing to get to! Why is that? Well I'll address it in my next point.-CavesI have a love hate relationship with caves. Caves are always scary, and it doesn't matter how much I've explored them. I STILL get spooked when I go into a cave I know I've cleared in search of some cans of coke and some TNT. There's an eerie feeling about the caves, because they're not just caves; they're breeding grounds and bases for the cannibals. There's noises that you think are cannibles breating, when in reality it's just sounds from the cave itself. Creaking, rocks falling, the occasional maniacle laughter. Oh wait that one is the cannibals, who are likely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you're invading their home. These caves are also pitch black, did I mention that? you need to bring a torch, or 12. I mean, you really shouldn't go exploring in caves in anything less than full bone armor and the Katana or Modern Axe. Nah just kidding. You can explore them with only a lighter and your prayers, and you'll probably get eaten just the same. You know what really sucks though? All the best gear (and gear you need to beat the game) is located in the various cave systems.-Co-op modeCo-op is actually really good. You would expect it to be a glitchy, buggy mess (it's mostly not). The game is still terrifying and immersive, but now you're able to play it with friends! The scaries part of co-op isn't the cannibals though. It's guarding your food from your friend with the appetite of an elephant and the hunting skills of a quadriplegic.CONS:-The AI seems to have very poor problem solving skills at timesWhile smacking the occasional turtle and using his remains to collect water, some cannibals might show up to fight you. This isn't a problem when you have traps though! You know what is a problem? The cannibals seem to have the deductive reasoning abilities of a brain dead alpaca when faced with traps. GRR GRR and BLEAT BLEAT will run head first into a trap while RAWR RAWR stays behind and watches his two friends get impaled. He then decides that it's an amazing idea to do THE SAME THING that they just did. It's not as bad now as it used to be in prior patches, but they still do stupid stuff like this.-Weird ropes sometimes cause death fallsSometimes when using climbing ropes, the game decides that you'd like to take a 5 story fall into a cave with a Virginia and her babies. It doesn't happen often, and has only affected me in Co-op games thus far, but it's still a massive pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(or legs, as it were).I don't have anything else major that comes to mind. The Forest is an excellent game that, in my opinion, is an absolute steal at $15. This game gets a 9/10 from me. I took off a point because of the annoying bugs and glitches that occasionally happen. It is almost perfect, but missed the margin of perfection by just a hair. If you don't yet own the game, I would encourage you to get it. It's great by yourself and even better with friends."
,Recommended,242760,10288371,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,FDR Logging,"Journal Entry 1After crash landing I have gathered all resources at the plane, walked a short distance from the crash and found a nice hill to build fire and setup camp.Journal Entry 2I went down to the beach and started fishing, found lots of beer bottles in the sand, I even found a tent pitched on the beach... where is everyone??Journal Entry 3While setting up camp I saw a group of 3 tribesmen doing a beach patrol in the area where I was fishing, I didn't engage only observed them. Its getting dark now and I know now that im not alone. I'm not sure of these tribesmen's intentions but Its starting to rain and I need to build a shelter. I'm going to the woods to collect some logs.Journal Entry 4While heading back with a fresh cut log I noticed multiple lit torches heading towards my camp, about 12 of them from what I counted, Indeed it appears there are many more tribesmen than I originally thought. They appear to be scanning my camp looking for survivors.Journal Entry 5After observing the tribesmen for 10 or so mins I approached one of the females of the pack, she stared at me in shock for about 30 seconds then screamed and ran away. She did not attack... perhaps they are a friendly people after all!Journal Entry 6I should have just left them alone, apparently the female ran back to get the rest of the tribe.... I was attacked and chased, I was able to kill three of them before accidentally backing up off a cliff and falling to (what I thought was my death).Journal Entry 7I have awoken in a cave of hanging bodies, I am badly injured from my cliff fall and only have my terribly lit Bic lighter to guide my way through the cave.... this may be my last journal entry as I am starving and going to die soon.... Thank you... Endnight games."
76561198007569092,Recommended,242760,10288542,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Mercer,"WOW!!!Got out of the plane and ran away as quickly as I could(first time I played they attacked the plane like 3 minutes in the game) So I figured they were attracted by the crash.Found a quiet place, I built a shelter and made a fire. Cooked a rabbit, but it started raining so I couldn't keep the fire up, so I found some berries and luckely, they were not poisenous.Went to sleep woke up early morning and there was 3 naked guys stalking me outside, they attacked me and I ended up slaying all of them. I built one statue with their heads and legs.Later in the morning, 3 other naked guys came near my shelter, I burned the statue and they ran away. They came back 5 minutes later with 3 more. I couldn't handle their attacks, so they kidnapped me. I woke up in a dark cave with only a lighter to show me the way. I heared a distant shouting that scared the living crap out of me and I saw about 30 passengers hanged upside down above me.I tried to find my way out of the cave, I almost couldn't see anything and I could hear them, I know they were watching me. Then after a lot of stress and sweating, I found the exit. I was so glad to finally see the sun, then some extremelly weird texture rendering just started spawning trees, flowers and life in front of me.Then went on a run trying to find my shelter but I was very low health. Got cold. I got jumped on by a naked girl who were on top of a tree. She took me by surprise, I shouted in real life, I saw my cat running out of the room scared of me.Finally, I take a close look at the naked girl just before she gives me the final blow, the last comment I have before to die: '' Hey!!! I can see her tities''.I survived 2 days.This game has a lot of bugs, they still have a ton of work to do on this game. But if you are not the kind of person that expect a finished game when you play an early release, you know this game is going to be great. Keep supporting it, make your friends play it and this could be without a doubt the best survival game ever."
76561198084360834,Recommended,242760,12443496,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Lady Bacon,"This game has oodles of potential. Nothing more romantic than strolling down a sunset beach being chased by a bunch of naked cannibals. Makes you feel like a celebrity.Depending on your nature I would suggest, if you are patient: You don't mind set backs,and have a good sense of humour. Get it now. It's pretty awesome even with all the flaws. Regular updates mean you're generally not stuck too long with one issue.. of course with each update you'll generally stumble upon something else to perplex you.. think of it as hurdles.. But everything looks pretty so that's okay.If you don't enjoy being murdered by flying tables, eaten by land sharks, dislike leviatating geese, backwards rabbits and other such oddities then I suggest you wait it out till the game is more developed.The Forest:Day 1: I awaken from my inflight nap to find this creepy looking kid clinging to my arm.. I knew I should of paid extra for busniess class. I look around the otherwise empty plane. Where the ♥♥♥♥ is my inflight meal and booze? there's a little turbulance and next thing we are minus half a plane and going down. Lol that kid isn't wearing his safety belt. He's screwed. We crash and I black out.I awaken once again, to a near naked oiled up man-thing scooping up the unconsious child, this upsets me somewhat because now I have no one to offer as a peace sacrifice to the natives. After he runs off into the bushes with the kid I yell ""SHOULD OF WORN YOUR SAFETY BELT YOU LITTLE♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; I help myself to numerous trays of inflight meals and booze glorious booze that due to some miracle survived the plane crash and are still sitting neatly on seats and shelves. I pick up random pill bottles and devour the contents and collect a pedometer from a foot, how ironic. Lucky for me, I am a paranoid survival enthusiast and was wearing my outdoor back pack complete with survival guide in preparation for this very event.Exiting the half a plane, grabbing a conviently placed fire axe fitted snuggly in that slack flight attendants chest, I raid a few luggage cases of the non existant passengers, mmm sexy panties. Wandering the beach at sunset, alchohol lines the beaches, natures natural drink cooler and notice a group of nudists. ♥♥♥♥ yes. This island is awesome. I run up to them waving my drink in greeting. The god of♥♥♥♥♥♥and wine has blessed this place!! They stare at me like I am some kind of freak, probably because I'm wearing clothes and this has obviously offended thier religon because the nearest native attempts to claw my eyejellies out, shocked I hi 5 him in the face with my axe and the natives flee, shiny butts bouncing in the sunlight.I keep moving, being the survivalist I am I slaughter a few fluffy bunnies and a lizard, skin them and find a nice spot to set up for the night. I start a fire with my trusty everlasting lighter. Thank goodness they kindly let me bring my lighter aboard the plane! I build a small shelter out of sticks and cook myself a lizard, you can just taste the intestinal parasites!Day 2-4:Not only am I a paranoid survival enthusiast. But I'm also an architect and master of construction! I have found a nice spot to start my new life here on this island, no point trying the planes radio, salvaging and rebuilding the yatch or boats I spotted on the beach or any of that♥♥♥♥♥♥I have lashed together some sticks to form a sturdy log sled! I have about 6 logs stacked ontop of the tiny twigs and another 2 logs carried by myself, with one arm. I push the sled along with the mere power of my pinky toe thankful for my Russian hertiage. I build myself a snazzy tree house because daddy issues meant I never had one as a child. I stash my porn in it along with the panties I salvaged from the wreck. I've got 4 walls, a drying rack, a fire, storage facilaties for my supplies, a freaking gazebo and a bunch of death traps surrounding my walls for those pesky natives, who despite the abundance of wildlife and edible plants, have opted for human flesh instead... Gotta hand it to them though, they have some really inspiring art peices, the man shoved through his own tennis rackets and every orifice crammed with tennis balls is my favourite, brings me to tears every time I see it. If I was going to make any effort whatsoever to return to human civilization, I'd totally steal some of thier work and sell it for millions. I've been working on my own style using the cannibals body parts, my centrepeice being 'head on a stick' I just can't seem to capture the same passions though.Day 5:Walls seem to be a weakness to the cannibals, they are in awe of them as they repeatedly ram thier faces into it, and growl at it. Small minded barbarians hahah.It's not so funny when they walk through my wall... the sole source of my security.. but it's funny again when they walk into my campfire and burn to death. My emotional roller coaster of fun and fear may have something to do with my wandering through the forest earlier eating shrooms.on my return to camp I accidentally walked into a fire, and caught fire to myself. In the rain. Adeles song has so much more meaning to me now.*TO BE CONTINUED*"
,Recommended,242760,10287543,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Reecety,"EDIT: Looks like the reviews that were on top that shouldn't have been are now downvoted. Thank you everyone for supporting good reviews and motivating the few that do so to continue making quality reviews!***THIS IS A PRE-ALPHA. This review and the final game are subject to change**Main Menu & Optionshttp://imgur.com/a/DqypyThe Forest is a unique survival game that pits the player against a bunch of mutants in a forest. Chopping down trees, foraging food and staying warm are just some of the survival aspects that can be found within this game.[4.5/5] Gameplay - For an early access game, you're spoiled for choice when it comes to building. It's interesting to note that every plane crash/new game puts you in a different location, at a different time of hour. I found pleasure in cutting down the trees in the game, as well as carving off the flesh of animals and wearing it as armour. The backpack system is pretty neat, especially how it's laid out. What's interesting is how you can get infected from having blood on your body, and needing to wash it off. I thought that was a pretty neat feature. Stealth actually works if you aren't already seen, and I've snuck up on my fair share of mutants and initiating....[3.5/5] Combat - NO, there are no conventional guns (only a flare gun) and never will be (although bows are something that might be implemented I hope). I can see how that would ruin gameplay. Now that's out of the way, I feel as though this could be improved or at least more forgiving. It takes a considerable amount of hits to kill each one, so it's best to tackle one at a time or run if there's a group. The mutants are pretty aggressive when in close proximity, and god forbit you attack one and more will come. Whether or not this is a feature or a bug is beyond me, but in it's current state I can say it's not as fleshed out as I would have thought. In addition, blocking is not implemented, or if it is I don't know what the controls are because...[3.5/5] Controls - Are not shown anywhere! Yeah this game doesn't hold your hand (which is great, but at the very least provide a control scheme or something!) I checked the options menu as well as the in-game survival guide for instructions but to no avail. Hopefully they do patch this into the game, and I will update the review accordingly. From what I've deduced from button mashing and relying on other games for a template, the controls are pretty accessible. In the future I wouldn't mind rebinding them however. On the forums, I hear of mouse input going awry or latency issues, but I haven't experienced any as of yet so I cannot comment on that. What I can comment on though is the...[4.5/5] AI - Which I might say is very polished. I didn't expect much from the alpha, but everything the developers said about them was true. Sadly I haven't seen any mutants other than the naked female/male and tribes ones, no ""ugly mofos"" as of yet (probably due to a distinct fear of delving into these caverns). They travel in pairs, attack/go toward manmade structures, climb trees (which freaked the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me at first, pardon my French). If you get close, they will aggro and may call for reinforcements. They WILL watch you from afar, they WILL hide in tall grass. And god forbid, you will most certainly die if you don't hide from them. Vulnerability is key, which leads to...[4/5] Immersion - This is a survival horror game. You can survive, and it has spooky elements that makes it a horror game. One minute you're building a base and nightfall comes, the next you hear sounds of leaves crunching around you. Night time really does shine in the sense that you truly feel more alone. What does fail to bring me to more of a heightened experience is the lack of ability to toggle/remove the HUD. I wanted to be able to feel like it was first person, not like Dead Island. Another issue at the moment is clipping through some objects in the world, but that's more focused on the...[4.5/5] Map - It's big, even for the ""little area"" they confine you to in the Alpha. Jesus, I feel like I've only seen 1/3-1/4 of it, because I hear people talking about there being an ocean they're living on but I've hauled my♥♥♥♥♥through the woods only to find berries and potential death from mutants. Map design wise, it really feels like a forest. Extensively, the cave systems are really fleshed out, and light sources work beautifully within. There are bugs in the ground and rocks where you can fall/clip through, but it's not game-breaking unless you are intentionally clipping through them. Especially if you spend your time noticing the...[5/5] Graphics - For a four-person team (2-3 programmers, 1-2 artists), the attention to detail really shines. Day/night, lighting, shadows, even the flora/fauna are amazing. It really goes to show how much effort they've put into it, and how much it will in the long run. Not only this but damn, the...[4.5/5] Audio - Perfectly orchestrated in most areas. I say most because there are some issues such as the intro scene not synchronising with the cinematic. You really have to play for a few hours to not develop anxiety issues, trying to differentiate between mutants footsteps and animals scurrying on the floor. I have to give my applause to Endnight Games for making me yell ""whatthe♥♥♥♥"" at my screen every once in a while. What I DON'T like are the chimes when a tree breaks into chunks of logs, that doesn't feel right. I also believe a bit more ambience might be necessary, whether it's wind or chirping or something else.[NA/5] Developers - I don't want to rate this category as it's not relative to the gameplay or other attributes. EndNight Games have been developing this game for years now, and this release was worth the wait. Deducing from Q&A, feedback and input from developers, you can tell this studio really cares both about the consumer base and the game. I feel as though they are handling complaints and bugs very well, and have already stated bug fixing has commenced, with a patch out very soon! I always purchase early access games for reasons both in receiving continuous content updates to games for fresher experiences, and for determining whether the game will succeed or otherwise. This is one of the fewer rather than latter from what I've gathered.Final verdict: If you were expecting a polished game with little to no bugs and fleshed out AI, you thought wrong. And if you purchased it and complain (read:whine in an entitled sense) about this, you have the right to be ridiculed. The game promises on what it currently delivers, and although the game is riddled with bugs, you get what you pay for, and then some over the course of the game. If you understand what ""early access"" is, and have faith in the developers, I can safely say that $15 now will be a worthy investment (for both parties involved).However, if you don't want to deal with bugs, provide feedback and travel this journey from early access to full release, I would not recommend the game in its current state. Although the game is very much playable, do not feel obliged to give up 15 dollars, because for some people that's a lot, and you want to get value for money from it, which is understandable.I give the game 4.25/5, based on what I think of all the categories combined. I will leave the review in a recommended state because most people are deterred from reading/looking into a game if it has even 1-2 not recommended reviews. This game at least deserves some recognition, don't you?"
76561198019079198,Recommended,242760,32028427,Posted: 28 May,all,WesternDevil,"TL:DRIt's worth the money in it's current state.Fiddly building system that allows for very intricate base building.Story is optional. No need to due anything story related in order to get all game content.Regular updates.Beautiful game.Interesting crafting system.You get to kill cannibals in ever more interesting ways. (This is worth $15 alone)You get to hunt animals, use skins for crafting, and mount heads on wall of your house.Co-opEven in it's current state, EA, I feel I've gotten more than my moneys worth out of the game. I haven't finished the game yet, but I've seen videos of people who have. I'm more interested in base building and waging war on cannibals. There isn't much of a story. Your plane crashes, kid is abducted by cannibals, you need to save him. That's all there is to it. No quests or anything like that. As you explore you find pictures drawn by kids, and photos, and empty camps that show others have been here before you. You need to put forth a good effort to piece together a story. Almost like a detective. Find the clues to explain the situation. It's there if you want it, but seems to be something the devs threw in there as an afterthought. It's well done imo though.As for the base building. It's a bit fiddly, and takes some effort to make a really intricate base. The system of base building allows you to build very complex bases though. Which is great for when you get a large group of cannibals attacking your base you can make all kinds of fun ways to trap or funnel them into choke points for maximum cannibal crushing carnage. After every update all the trees you've cut down will respawn. So getting a bunch of trees suddenly appearing right through the middle of your house is a possibility. Make sure you build your base around the trees you've cut down, just leave the stumps and build around them. Cutting the trees that are growing through structures will destroy the structure.The crafting system is fun imo. No crazy animations or wait times for making rope, molotovs, axes, spears, etc. Just open the inventory and start combining ingredients. Certain herbs can be combined to restore health/stam. Combine 2 deer skin with rope and cloth to make a waterskin. Feathers and sticks to make arrows. Add cloth and booze to arrows to make fire arrows. A watch+coins+booze+circuit board to make a bomb. Add sap for a sticky bomb. Pretty simple. Once you add an item to the crafting mat in the inventory (just right click something to add it to the crafting mat, no clicking and dragging nonsense), a stick for example, a list appears telling you every item you can make using a stick. A bow, spear, upgraded spear, snowshoes, arrows, club, etc. It doesn't tell you which ingredients, or how many you will need to make each item though. So trial and error, or google, is needed. It's kinda fun. Almost like a mini game.No voice acting, hand holding, tutorial (besides a very simplistic manual that explains the very basics), or anything like that. As soon as you wake up in the crashed plane you have the freedom to do whatever it is you want. No time constraints or anything like that. This is what i love about the game! Nothing is worse than having a 30 minute opening tutorial to explain that you have to eat/sleep/drink in order to survive. Also, no stupid plot points that open up more content. Like doing a certain part of the story in order to craft fire arrows or whatever.The game is still being worked on with regular updates. Bug fixes and more content, like craftable/findable items, come every 15 days I think it is. Something like that. There are a few items that have no use. Snowshoes for example. I would imagine that you will need them in the snow areas, but in the games current state they aren't needed at all. I see this as a good thing. It means there's alot more tweaking and game mechanics to be implemented.There is co-op but I've never played it. Therefore, I will leave this out of the review. Plenty of other reviews cover this subject I'm sure.At the end of the day, it all comes down to if it's worth the money or not. In it's current state, I have gotten my moneys worth of enjoyment out of the game many times over. With more content and updates being added on a regular schedule It will only get more enjoyable."
,Recommended,242760,20578495,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Wilhelm W. Walrus,"How many people have you seen in the review section with 100 hours? That's right. But I'm not just going to be one of those people who just says, ""Yeah, its ok i guess,"" hinting at their 10000 hours. Before I go into the review, I would like to give some context. So, I bought this game around v0.03, and I spent a lot of time just base building, not really caving 'cause I be a wus. Finally, a while later, I saw the game was at v0.29. That was when I added 80 hours to my game time.I know the location of every useful item, I have gotten down into the sinkhole, found and alternate route to the katana, ect. I have enjoyed every last bit. I'm a bit bored, and waiting till v0.31 to see what it brings, but for know, I will just review.Pros-Can run on a potato, but expect some VERY scaled down resouldtion. I mean like 520x420. But that is an extreme.-Can be very smexy, at 1080p with ultra settings, it is truely gorgeous, but you need a supercomputer.-The building system is very flexable. There is very little snapping, and that is somehing I like.-I know it was added forever ago, but multiplayer was probaly the most beneficial thing to this game. Ever.-It's fifteen f*cking dollars! FOR ALL OF THIS!?-Still in alpha stages, so more could be added. (Though I have played more hours of this than there are hours of Dishonored's campaign, so its already worth my money.)-Great community, unless you join a game with a five-year-old who says, ""Your in big trouble,"" and kicks you from game. That legitimately happened before I wrote this review. Srsly. Give me a reason.-Multitude of collectable items.-Interesting lore, or so I think. There is no wiki page, so you have to explore and find all the burial sites and photos to figure it out yourself. I could be way wrong. Look at the end of this review for my personal opnion on the story.-Devs are fantabulous. Thats not a word.Cons-It is in alpha, so there is more to be desired.-When running The Forest on PotatOS 6.7 [Like that pun :3= ?] and you have it in low res mode, it is so pixelated, my friend thought that a tennis ball was a lemon, and proudly proclaimed, ""This is my lemon!""-Feels a but empty once you have gotten to the sinkhole. So don't rush to get in there.-The inventory system is set up so you can carry a certain amount of a certain item. It is always the same. The katana goes to the upper-left, the rebreather next to it, you can only carry 5 dynamite, ect. The downside in this I find is the lack of inventory management. It might just be me, but I relish in the orginazational pleasure of shifting item around in my inventory to make room for new ones. Maybe it is just me and I'm a weirdo, but it's a con for me so it's on the list.-Want an axe for a weapon! No... well, tough luck. Katana is a bit later game so...-I like a heavy focus on the range of items and fauna to be found in a game. The game is doing better, but my soul is a void, so keep adding to fill it devs :3=Lore- The sinkhole is called a cetone` in the patch notes, which is a Mayan word for abyss. These cetone`s formed in the yucatun peninsula in Mexico. This said, the area is not an island, but is blocked of by a mountainous region, indicating it is the southern yucatan peninsula. The compass points north to the mountains, so it must take place in the southern region of Guatamala. The Cetone`s were worshiped by the Mayans. This must mean that the massive Cetone` in the middle of the map was a hub of mayan civilization, as the cetone` there is many times bigger than any one in our knowledge, as they are generally only 30 feet deep. Perhaps a strange a race had hid in these caves and slowly mutated over time to adapt to cannibalistic dietary habits. As the Mayans discovered the place, they also discovered its unruly inhabitants. Perhaps that was why the Mayans disappeared. As memory faded of the hellish place, the sinkhole was rediscovered and put on the front pages of caving magazines worldwide. As you explore, you can see evidence of early 20th century spelunking equipment. After the explorers never returned, the incident was forgotten, and became a sort ofbermuda triangle. In 1982, a family went on a boat trip to explore the region. They lost thier son and looked for him. It is assumed he was eaten. The grave near the yacht may show that one of the parents died by starvation. The final parent is gone without trace. The several campgrounds indicate people who explored the region, not believing the rumors of cannibals. A film crew's camp can also be found by Goose Lake. James Blanc (you) and Timmy Blanc (your relative) crash in the forest. The Virginias, or six-legged female mutants, are the only cannibals with genitalia, indicated that the malformed cannibal babies surrounding them are its offspring.Like this review so others can see and revise my theories. Farewell dear walri."
,Recommended,242760,12422549,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Hamedar,"Plane crashed.Pass out.Wake up.Naked man steals child.Pass out, again.Wake up, again.Search plane.Phone shows how many steps I take.Find Axe.Jump out of plane.Pass out, again.Wake up again, in a cave.Two man mutant being with 8 legs next to me.Trip the ♥♥♥♥ out.Run away.Turn lighter on.Can see nothing.Fear for life.Find light to the surface.Leads to beach.See seagulls on beach.Hack seagulls to pieces.Collect floating feathers.Find suitcases on shore.Smash them open.Find shark.Shark flails wildly when I run through it.See naked man running at me down the beach.Trip the ♥♥♥♥ out.Confused.Violence building up inside me.Charge the naked man.Naked man charges back.Both stop 10 feet from eachother.Stare into the naked mans eyes.Naked man stares back.Confused.I hit naked man with axe.He swings wildly in anger.Hit him again, getting two of his teeth.He falls back from the axe swing.Charge him to kill him.He hits me with his bare hands.I die.Days survived Zero.10/10 - Ready for the naked men."
76561198165105175,Recommended,242760,34321299,Posted: 17 August,all,Triheart,"For $15 they could have removed the cannibals altogether, renamed the game ''camping simulator'' and it would still be better than most games of double the price."
76561198025731313,Recommended,242760,13509036,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Chaseless,"TL;DR: This game is intense and rewarding for smart playstyle, even in Alpha. Great Dev support as well.======I woke in a broken plane, only to scavange what was left because I was hungry and hurt. Popped a few pills and jumped out of the plane's hull before seeing scattered suitcases everywhere. Each one of them seemed locked, but my trusty axe I found made quick work of them. Found tennis balls in a few, didn't know Roger Federer was onboard. Must of been in first class.Being the Natural hunter I was, I beat Lizards and a few bunnies to death with a makeshift club I wrapped in cloth. Skinned them and saved their meat for later. Slapping the freshly carved Lizard's skin on like armor as a sick man I am, I continued to kill its bretheren until I was covered with their protective armor. I dipped myself in a fresh found pool of water near a large tree I couldn't cut. Oddly, I found a makeshift spear inside. Mine. Totally took that♥♥♥♥♥♥ And then I was met with a shriek off in the distance. Wolfs? Cyotes? Roise O'Donald? Either way, I was scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as night started to fall.Fast forward a day, after finding a large cliff side with one walkway from behind me for anything to sneak up, so I decide to build a defensive wall to close it off. I take to the nearby forest with a newly made log sled to transport trees back to my new base. A fire pit and Hunters shelter is made. I stow away rocks and sticks I have in excess there incase I need to build anything else. I light up the fire pit and cook a bunny on it, eating it before I huddled up in my shelter for the night.I woke in the night, only to be met with two sets of beady eyes glistening across my fire pit in the darkness. I pull my axe out in hand, hearing them hiss. Humans? They looked the part, but said nothing to me. One cries out as it dashes for me, I raise the axe and block his advance. I chop the axe into this crazed man, beating him back a few times until he fell to the ground. His friend hissed at me and ran on all fours away into the woods. What the ♥♥♥♥ did I just kill, Smeagol?Fast forward about three more days, I have my rear and front defensive walls built out from the steep cliff side to the oceans waters, only one way in. Its safter to light fires at night now and sleep, since the locals seem afraid of this place. I set out on foot, spear in hand and covered in mud and deer hides to keep me warm. I had to find their village. After evading a few patrols of the locals, I stumbled into three huts and what looks like to be a large den. Looking into said den after ghosting around the town to make sure no one is there, I enter to only find a noose to greet me. And another man hanging. I cut the rope to use to my gains. I quickly pull a stick together with cloth and rope to make me a shortbow. And all those ♥♥♥♥ing feathers, now into arrows. Seriously, I had about two hundred of them. Making a few I test fire the bow. We're good to go. The srieks come back in the distance, I bolt back home.Day... I don't even know. Sun has come and gone so many times now. Traps lingering in the forest just ouside. Effigies planted about fifty yards out from the front of my gates, only to be mimicked the same way by the locals across the way. They want to show their territory. I disobey. Covered in my lizard armor and deer pelts, I stalk upon a patrol not far from my home. I wait until two break off from the group, while I keep my watchful eye on them from the hilltop bushes. Bow in my hand. The two stop near a pool. I pull tension on my bows string, lining up a shot. Release. Arrow pegs the local in the head and drops. His friend panics, only to be met with me, silently springing from the bushes with spear. His limp body drops into the pool of water. I make effigies of their corpses.War rages on and I begin hunting at night. Traps litter segments around the forest closest to my home. I draw them out of hiding with a simple fire. I wait. I watch. They come. Throwing a rock their way grabs their attention, turning towards me. I shoot a arrow at the leader of this five man pack. All hell breaks loose. I slink my way down hill side in the darkness, as they follow close behind. I slip past two traps. One of the locals gets hung up in my noose trap, as two more grouped together and get impaled on my spike trap. Leader and croney is left. I peg the leader two more times with arrows until he drops. Small one begins to run. I draw my bow, having a clear shot. I don't take the shot. I let him run. Let him tell the others that I will not be hunted so easily.In this forest, you either die as the hunted, or you live long enough to see yourself become the hunter.10/10 - Would Crash Again.---------------------------------------(( Serious number: 9/10 )) Game is in /alpha/ and already this intense. I was thinking 8.5/10, but for the $15 I spent on it? And its only getting better every day with constant updates and helpful feedback from the devs? No. It deserves the 9. And it can only really go up from there. Cannot wait to see final product and additions made."
,Recommended,242760,32816980,Posted: 26 June,all,Bodhi 足掻き,">start with a friend>pick up supplies, build a hut, nothing unusual>find cannibals the second night, kill them>find more cannibals next day, kill them>lol too easy>over the course of 14 days we cut down trees during day and cannibals during night>hear strange sounds on the 15th night, grab our clubs to get to bashing heads as usual>come across some ♥♥♥♥ing rhino-cow-human hybrid along with some dude with enough arm/tentacles to star in japanese porn>friend attacks them, gets killed in 0.2 seconds>hide in our hut>hut is destroyed in 0.3 seconds>die10/10 would go on massive killing spree again"
,Recommended,242760,12822537,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ratatoskr,">Naked man stole my kid>Wake up covered in blood in a wrecked plane>Plane crashed off the side of the hill, only one exit>Jump out>Die on impact with ground>Wake up in a dark cave>Turn on lighter>Murdered by tentacle monster>Total play time: 17 seconds10/10 would speedrun again"
76561198170411697,Recommended,242760,32811063,Posted: 26 June,all,Rudigor,"So I am trying to introduce my wife to the gaming world. We already tried bunch of games, and it was clear she is digging survival games. Don't Starve is way tooooo deep and complicated, even for an experience gamer, minecraft has perfect mechanic but graphicaly...not everybody can enjoy it, Rust - sadly no pve content, Ark - ♥♥♥♥ this game. Me and my wife are using laptops, I have laptop  with GTX 860m, I know it's out of date, but still I am able to launch all new games with good fps after playing few minutes with settings, but ARK is unplayable. And finally I bought forest, and this game is awesome. There are still some bugs in this game, and feeling of unfinished product doesn't leave you during gameplay, but it so good in coop. Crafting is so intuitive. We almost never need to trade stuff because all people in coop mode see each others blueprints and can just add their materials. This thing made this game for us. It's still to difficult for my wife to use blueprints, difficult to understand mechanic of survival, but she is enjoying gathering resources, and exploring, and most important, she can craft by herself because she sees my blueprints and be part of the team. So yeah, this game is worth it price."
,Recommended,242760,18476513,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Kaein,"Day 1:I've crash landed on a strange island. Don't know how I survived, but I think I caught a glimpse of some strange tribal man before I lost consciousness. After I awoke I set to the business of building a shelter. Who knows how long it'll be till I'm rescued.Day 2: The tribals seem unfriendly. They showed up at the edge of my camp and eyed me while growling. They have clubs made out of human skulls and seem to be wearing teeth around their necks. I'm going to set up traps tonight.Day 3: Some random skinny tribal tried to eat me! He came into my camp giggling and laughing, I had to kill him with my axe! Its the first time I've killed anyone. I dumped his body outside of camp. I don't like to look at it.Day 4: The more healthy tribals tried to siege my camp today. Attacked me uprovoked but a few of my traps caught them. I killed the last man with a more modern axe I scavenged from a camp. They'll not catch me unprepared again. I'm not dying on this bloody island.Day 5: After seeing that they have some kind of displays made out of human remains, I decided to do the same. It was disguisting and unthinkable but maybe now they'll realize this place is dangerous and give me some peace. Got a little hunting done too.Day 6: I've been forced to build a wall around the perimeter. The healthier, smarter tribals seem to be warded off by my effigy but the starving ones are desperate enough to risk attacking. I'm going to fortify this place. I'm not becoming somone's lunch.Day 7: While checking my traps outside camp I was attacked by some kind of weird tribal leader with armor made out of human arms. He and his war party were no match for my defenses. I stuck their heads outside camp. Maybe now they'll learn what will happen should they come here again.Day 10: I've been a little too busy to write in my journal recently. I decided to take the fight to them and burned one of their camps with molotovs. A week ago, their screams would have bothered me. Now I was just relieved. Maybe now I'll be able to sleep at night.Day 11: A huge monster with a ton of legs busted in through my outer wall. Fortunately I'd stashed away some explosives, so that made quick work of it. On closer examination this thing seems to be made out of...people. Sewn or mutated together somehow. What is happening in this place!?Day 15: I cut off the heads of every tribal leader and put them on sticks. The sticks litter the outside of my camps. They'll regret the day they attacked my camps. I'll kill every last one of them if I have to. Even those mutant monsters will die.Day 20: I decided to start adding legs to the effigies. It seems to complete them a little more. Even the starving tribals are wary of attacking me now. They know that death has come among them.Day 30: I'd been so busy fighting off these tribals I didn't get a chance to hunt for days at a time. Haven't had time to write in my journal either. I'd walked into one of their camps I'd ransacked and saw an arm stick cooking on a spit. I was so hungry I took a bite. It wasn't too bad actually. I'm trying not to think about it.Day 45: I added arms and legs pointing in different directions to each of my effigies to spell out ""YMCA"". Nothing really else to do to pass my time here. When I was putting them up, I ate one of the legs. I was very hungry and none of my traps have been yielding any fruit, but these perfectly good limbs have been sitting here all this time...Day 62: I'm starting to like it here...All the limbs I can eat. Good sunshine by the beach. This island isn't so bad.10/10 would decend into madness again.UPDATE: Day 184: I Currently have a stronghold of death. Rock walls the size of trees. Mountains of bodies connected to effigies. Traps inside every wall. I don't know where these animals are coming from but they seem to be endless. There has to be a source. I've killed more than I can possibly count. More than this island seems to be able to support, yet they keep coming.I found a strange door exploring one of the caves. It has a keycard slot. Maybe I'll find my answers there.Whatever is inside, I'll bet its limbs taste delicious."
,Recommended,242760,32763941,Posted: 25 June,all,Rengerais™,I found a sea turtle and I named him Sam. We played games together. We laughed. We cried. The darkness came. I got hungry.I ate Sam.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10288685,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Taste | Leo,A canibal woman put her boobs on my face.10/10 like real life
,Recommended,242760,13369783,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Chris Hansen,A game where instead of looking for your lost son you breed rabbits and build 5 star alpine treehousesbad parent simulator 2014
,Recommended,242760,19946773,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Slickerish,"Being a mid 20s male who doesn't really get scared of movies or other similar things, I thought this would be the perfect game. Like a grownup Minecraft, but with nice graphics. Boy was I wrong.I'll never forget my first encounter with the cannibal tribe. I was out checking the wonderful graphics, looking for loot, setting up shelter, minding my own business when I heard that scream/laugh... I'll never forget it. I turned and saw him staring at me and for the first time in my life, I was having a miniature heart attack from a video game. I ran to my cabin but was shaking so badly that I couldn't use my mouse to direct my guy to safety. I played for a few more hours then went to bed.That night I had nightmares about the cannibals. Waking up my wife repeatedly (10+ times) after dreaming about them. I see shadows at work and panic briefly. Never has a game affected me in such a way and I would recommend it to anyone.10/10 would get PTSD again."
,Recommended,242760,13202330,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,phillycheese™,"The game starts out normal...plane crash, naked guy steals your son, then you are in the woods. But after reading some of the reviews I noticed my playthrough was much different than everyone elses.I started by drinking bottle of...something. Then I noticed it was beer.Walked outside and immediately started to chase a rabbit for food. Ran away.Saw naked woman on beach watching the ocean, thought it was cute, turned around, and another naked woman appears.She pounced on my face and I killed her with my little boy axe. Focused attention on gathering twigs and leaves for a fire and shelter.Night approached and I had a fire and a little shelter on a tiny hill by the beach with a good view of the forest. Started to cook food and build the fire up when a patrol of naked dudes started to walk pass my camp. I crouched, and they walked passed. Shortly after a stray naked dude was walking towards my camp, he liked my fire.As he got closer I noticed flashes of lights coming from the woods and saw a group of naked gangsters running towards my camp, but instead they gang-banged the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the stray naked dude and ate him. I watched in awe until they spotted me and smacked me upside the head with a rock.Woke up in a cave and saw a man sleeping while standing up. Sneaked up behind him with a rock and he instantly turned around and sucker punched me in the dome piece.DAYS SURVIVED = ZERO10/10 would not survive again"
76561198119735006,Recommended,242760,10298427,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,DayB,Naked man took my child.11/10
,Recommended,242760,29201329,Posted: 12 January,all,Kim Jong Fun,Overall The Forest is a great game.The Highest Perks:- Building- Creative- Crafting- Teamwork- Bugs (Sometimes can be fun)Developers are always bringing out updates/bugfixes every couple of weeksMost importantly they always seem to listen their community adding suggested features.Good Developers =)Highly Recommended
76561197984281426,Recommended,242760,12546650,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Baxlogic,"Great game w/ lots of promise.  After 500 + hrs I have few problems with the continuity of  game play.  For someone looking for a nice mix of survival/crafting, this is the best i've seen.  I myself am sick to death of freakin Zombie.  why not Bears, Tigers, or just old fashion bad guys.   Maybe killing fictional zombies in a game is better than killing human characters.  At least give the zombies a sense of humor. All and all I love this game."
,Recommended,242760,13737322,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,dank hank,Usually you have to pay much more than this for naked people to surround your house.10/10
,Recommended,242760,13330714,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,BabyLegOfDeath,"Pros:Immersive GameplayHigh Quality GraphicsGreat Crafting SystemRealistic Resource GatheringCons:NoneIt is an alpha game so there are bugs.But I don't care the game is still amazing.About 7 months ago i saw this game on steam. Without realizing it I made a huge mistake, ""I'm not going to buy The Forest.♥♥♥♥♥♥looks lame. I'm going to go play Dayz and Rust"" I said reluctantly. Well as the days went on I kept seeing over and over again in steam store calling to me with a vicious whisper. As I continued on with my regular day after day routine of ignoring that The Forest was even there, I stumpled upon something. It was a User review from another steam player who had played for less than an hour. He stated that ""Who would play a game where you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants every 5 minutes and you can't do anything because of getting attacked by cannibals."" All of the sudden Jason DeRulo's Talk Dirty started playing.(Hate that song btw) Even though all signs in the universe point to purchasing it, I say Nay once again, and then as if god reached down and touched my computer moments later The Forest went on sale. So I said ""ok if I buy this and it sucks i will never buy another OW Survival Horror game again. Now it has been  approximately 1.5 weeks and I am 80 hours and 10 pairs of soiled underwear in and I don't think I could be happier. This game is so AMAZING that even with all the bugs and glitches it is still an amazing game. Awesome graphic quality, highly immersive gameplay, intense atmosphere all the things I look for in a great game. The Dev team should be proud of themselves for they are producing one of the greatest games I have ever played. Good Job And Godspeed to you devs at Endnight."
76561198143297357,Recommended,242760,23411917,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,IPlayForFun,"Day 1:-Board the Plane-Plane crashes-What is this? Malaysian airlines?-Wake up to see this nasty dude pick up my son-Wake up to see some chick dead with an axe through the stomach-Loot plane for anything I could find-Find a plane axe, a few meds, couple of bottles of beer, and the plane axe-Stumble across a little village-Create a nice little hunting shelter to nap in-Good nightDay 2:-Wake up to see these nude dudes try to gangbang me, I let them-I wake up in a dirty cave. I was probably roofied-I wonder around and find a rebreather-I crawl out of the armpit in the ground I was in-Go back to my village that was rightfully mine-Met with more nude dudes-I kill them all with my plane axe-I limb them and start cooking them-I eat their flesh and boil down the parts I dont eat for bones-I wear the bones of my enemys. That will teach them to take me out for dinner first-I see a turtle, I bash its little skull in with my axeDay 3:-I put a rock in the crafting square-I attatch a piece of loose cloth to it-It becomes my weapon of doom-I meet more nude-gang-bangers-I bash their skulls in with my new rock of doom-I make an effigy jusy of their feet-I see more nude dudes, they are running in all fours; my favorite possition-I run up to them and beat the poor victim of mine to death-I pull out my axe and start limbing him-I needed a fresh meal-I pull out his friends foot and start mercilessly beating him with his friends foot-I guess I really *kicked* his♥♥♥♥♥-I make a rain catcher-rains-Rain catcher is bugged, I can drink all the water I will ever needDay 4:-The nude dudes brought friends-Pack of atleast 6 of them, just running around my base-I grab my rock of doom, which is now stained in the blood of my last victim-I get to work-First one tries to swing at me. I beat him senseless.-The others, now clearly frightened are slowly backing away.-I charge at them, with my rock of doom in both hands I purge them of their pain-I end them all-Now the grass painted red with the blood of their own-I get to more work on my home-I make totems out of their corpses, nothing is put to waste here-I skin them and eat their flesh, and then use the bones for many things-I can wear it as armor-I can make a fence out of it-I can use it as a tool of war-I can use it as a tool of war-I can use it as a tool of warDay 5:-lost count of how many of those nudies I have killed-Paved the once clean fields now with the bones and blood of those nudies-I put a bottle into my crafting square-I see that I can upgrade the rock of doom-I made the rock of chaos-I am eager to see my next meal-I want to test my rock of chaos-I see a few of them dog fighting around the beach. I join in-I kill them all, carry what I can back to base-have them more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at me than ever; this is war-I scavenge what I can before I get jumped by the nudies again-I found lots of bottles, a few bottles of random perscription meds (totally getting high of these)-I make a few molitov cocktails-I paint my rock of chaos blue from the blue berries I have come across-I have forged the rock of pandemonium-I create a nice bow from a cloth, a stick, and a rope-I make arrows from the poor little birdies that I beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of-I douse the arrows in beer, I make fire arrowsDay 6:-They are mad now, infuriated that I have killed a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of their people-They want my blood-I want theirs-I see a little scout group, they are holding their ghetto clubs. I am holding my rock of pandemonium-The start charging at me, screaming blood curdling screams that I will never forget-I bolt towards them, intense anguish pumps through my veins-I smash the first ones head in, the other ones charge to-There is to many of them-I grab one of my molitovs, I light them up-I toss them, to see their soft, delicate skins get burnt away in teh vicious embers-They are burning alive now, screaming for help-Swinging in a desperate attempt to finish me, to no avail-I love every second of watching them burn. What have i become?Day 7:-I see a nice little deer across the plains.-I get out my bow to try to get a nice shot-I realize I am trash with a bow and drop it to then pick up my rock of pandemonium-I crack its skull open-Finally some real meat-I stand over the fire wating for the juicy meat to be done-I take my first bite, I then realize it isnt enough-I have grew acostom to my old ways. I want some nice juicy natives-I am on the hunt now for some dinner, but not for the conventional meat-I see a littel village, I go in and kill everyone.-I start cooking my first little batch of human-The soft juicy meat melts in my mouth-I crave more-I start looking for more-Can't find any more, will try again tommorowDay 8:-My ravish hunger for blood is never quenched-I search the whole island for them-I will try again tommorow, but now I need to restDay 9:-Found a nice little cave, wonder what is in there-Start looking around, some more fresh meat-I kill them all, to then be greated with this abomination-This thing has arms everywhere-I name it the octopus-I burn the octopus-I try to get some nice octopus steak but I can't-I clean out the cave-I kill everyoneDay 15:-It has been quite now, no traces of nudie lifeDay 30:-I realize I just Hitlered the nudies-I feel a deep sorrow gathering in my stomach-...That can only be filled by some nice human steak10/10 How to lose your sanity 101"
76561198065508329,Recommended,242760,26569178,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,stoncarver,"With over 800hrs of gameplay with The Forest, having played before the island's were really opened up, the mountain area accessable, and before there was a giant hole, I must say this game has come a long way. What I find best about the gam is that the developers are always working on it, even in smaller ways. I have seen many interesting early release games get abandoned by the devs in charge of it, The Forest is not one of them. It has a steep learning curve but that is part of the fun. This game is still in development and has a way to go til it is ""complete"", but I have high hopes for the crew as they continue developing the game."
01010010011101010,Recommended,242760,13184230,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SebastianN#adia,Family walked in as I was chopping a naked girl into pieces.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10403055,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,pyramids,Malaysian Airlines survivor simulator.
76561198091467820,Recommended,242760,31797529,Posted: 16 May,all,Solumn Trade,"I'm going to cover the least talked about subject of this game, which is the AI. It's a mixed bag, but nothing really stands out as 'bad'. In fact, besides a few pathfinding issues with large mutants, it's actually really good. It should be noted that I haven't completed a playthrough yet, but only because I'm a completionist and have not decided to climb down the hole yet.In terms of the cannibals, they seem to act somewhat realistically. I play on hard mode, but...they seem to have a genuine interest in their own personal well-being. Now, I don't know exactly what attacks look like, since I built my base super strategically by hanging a bridge from the side of a cliff to a house built in the ocean, but I can describe my normal encounters on day 50+.Now, about that sense that they indeed care for their own well-being. It seems possible to intimidate the cannibals simply by not backing down, and holding your ground when they rush at you, and rushing at them back. You can do this dance of feint rushes to make them hesitant in attacking you. If you just run, they will be encouraged to attack you. If you strike out against them defensively, they will also be encouraged to attack you.But, if you pick your targets carefully (such as only attacking the one that musters the courage to attack first of the group, or the strongest member of the group), the rest will become fearful. You can then take them down one by one until they flee. You can then flee yourself, otherwise they will come back. Or you can wait...depending if you need more bodies to burn... >:)It's best to try a 'no-f*cks given' approach when dealing with the cannibals. I've literally kept working chopping down trees like nothing was wrong when surrounded by cannibals. Now, if they bring a fire-thrower with them, it changes the dynamic a little bit, because then the cannibals are under the misconception that ranged attacks are safer to perform than melee attacks. But if you chase them down, well, then they were wrong.It's also possible to take a break in combat, if you've beaten the heck out of everyone. Bashed and bruised, even a large group will stop attacking if you clearly had the upper hand, and they have no more ranged members. You can just sit on a bench to recharge your stamina, and everybody can just chill for a bit. Then you finish it.Basically, it is possible to have a 'terrifying presence' in this game like Fallout, but you gain it by actual ingame ACTIONS, not stat points. It is possible to make even a large mutant run away (believe me, they're faster than they look, lol. Tried to run it down, but it just disappeared).Now, before anybody is under the false impression that the game is easy, I've played in multiplayer. My bro and I would wander off by ourselves, and be fine. But three or four of his friends sticking together? They're constantly dying. That's because they aren't playing the mind game with the cannibals. It's like they know whether you're afraid or not. And whether or not you're going to make them eat that club of theirs. Being smart is heavily rewarded in this game, and numbers aren't going to be an easy route to victory.There is a few flaws with the AI, most notably when it comes to large mutants and caves. I mean, I suppose it's difficult for them to pathfind down there sometimes, and they aren't going to climb. Combined with what seems to be an intimidation system, you can end up with situations where a large mutant will simply stand there and stare angrily. On the other hand, there are genuinely unexpectedly 'smart' moments. Once a feral cannibal followed me home, and I turned around to see where it was hiding now. It popped its head up from behind a rock to peek at me in a humerous fashion, reminding me of a ferret or a groundhog. Shame they had to end up in the fire pit..."
,Recommended,242760,19345154,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,O'Malley de Bough,"I felt I could finally write a review after almost a year hiatus to allow The Forest to develope.Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Crafting system (Somewhat complex & engaging)-Great building system-Multiplayer/Co-op-Great game environment (cave exploration, abandoned campsites, etc.)-Variety of enemies-Hunger/thirst system-Size of game worldCons:-Enemies:  Mutants (cannibals) serve as the antagonists of The Forest.  They are curious, fierce, and unrelenting.  While combat is tough and fun, the occurance of the mutants I feel is too high right now.  I find now you have to hurry even more than in previous versions to establish a fortified base.  Have had to restart several games after being swarmed within the first two days.-Multiplayer:  Another pro that is also a con.  Multiplayer has come a significant way since fall of 2014.  Back then multiplayer was practically unplayable.  Now, multiplayer adventures are fun yet there still exist syncronicity issues with host and client.  Still enjoiyable, but has some kinks to iron out.-General Early Access bits:  Some annoying glitches and crashes still exist, and The Forest still needs to be fully optimized.Overall, The Forest is a great game to play alone or with others.  A year ago I would not recommend The Forest, but would adivse prospective buyers to wait.  However, the game has made huge hauls and now I do recommend The Forest.8.5/10 as of v0.28"
76561198040585479,Recommended,242760,34633478,Posted: 31 August,all,Rall,"It was about the fifth day on the island. I had build a simple shelter, had a decent supply of food and had crafted a simple spear. I decided it was time for some exploring, and I ventured downhill to try and find out where I had landed anyways. Soon I came to a beach, a bio I hadn't explored before. And what do you know, as soon as I arrive three sea turtles turn up in my sight. I got super excited, because I was running out of fresh water to drink. In my survival book I'd seen I could build a raincatcher from a turtle shell, and I desperately needed one. Even before the majestic creatures had fully come to land I jump ontop of one and use my axe to brutally decapitate it in one swing. As I tear open its shell with my bare hands I gather what flesh I can to eat later, and without a second thought I murder the others as well. I'd been living on squirrel for days, so this was a real treat. I noticed I could carry only one shield at the time, so I grabbed the nearest one and ran back to my base to set up my first raincatcher. As I came back to the beach to collect the other shields I suddenly notice two of the canibals standing over the corpses of the turtles I just killed.MY TURTLES!I grab my spear, and run down the beach yelling. As the woman looks up and is suprised by our first contact I launch my spear in her chest before she can even react. With my axe I bash her fase in, sending her teeth flying through the air. As she drops dead I take my spear and covered in her blood I turn to the other guy simply staring him down. It takes a couple of seconds but then decides to turn around and run away yelling. Good, I think to myself. Let him tell the others nobody touches my turtles.10/10 would turn primal again.When I fist saw the video's I though the game was some kind of base building with waves of enemies coming at you stronger and stronger. I was pleasantly suprised that there's so much more depth to it than that. The game allows you to set up camp anywhere you want, multiple even, if it helps. You can stay away from the canibals, stalking them and learning their patterns. The game rewards you for memorizing which plants grow where, where which animals tend to live and which routes the canibals take. It's a survival where you need to upkeep your food and water supply from the wild, build shelters to stay dry and warm, and find the right ingredients to build your tools. Though they will be attracted by your campfire, the canibals on the surface are actually not your biggest problem. The true horror of the game sets in when you feel prepared enough to go explore the network of caves underground. So dark, so quiet, and so many corpses. The game never tells you what to do, it's completely up to you what you want to explore or try out. If you think the game gets boring all you have to do is venture further from your place of comfort and there's all kinds of places and items to find. Fighting the canibals is tough at first, but it gets kinda satisfying as you get stronger and are able to take on 3 or 4 of them at the time, gather their dead bodyparts and put them on a spike to warn the others. They have an interesting mechanic where you can actually scare them off, and they become noticably more cautious.Things feel rewarding. You have a proper spear, have learned to hunt the wild, recognize plants and herbs. You have explored the lands and carry half a week worth of dried meat under your self made hide clothes. Just use that pot to collect some water andOh Sh!t is That a Crocodile?"
,Recommended,242760,23388204,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,iBalls,It's basically a game about locals trying to protect their forest from illegal logging
,Recommended,242760,10386640,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Babyiafe csgobig.com,Family walked in as I was chopping a naked girl into pieces.10/10
,Recommended,242760,17164552,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,bobsagetsleftnut,"Paranoid Lumberjack Simulator 2015:That being said, I only really recommend this game to be played in co-op. The game gets rather bland for me in single-player mode, and it's all ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles until you or your friend gets their♥♥♥♥♥whooped by some naked guy with a club.I also don't recommend this game for the easily frustrated. When you die, you lose most of your items, and all of that hard work you did gathering and crafting materials are flushed down the drain (like your dreams). And please, don't come in expecting your character to have the strength and endurance of Batman. Because he'll die. Very many times. And his hunger (and hydration) bar depletes faster than that of a Sim.It's not your average hack-and-slash-everything-to-survive game, either. The Forest has implemented impressive and dynamic AI. The cannibals (the primary antagonists) have emotions, morals, religions, etc., and they come from different families and tribes. How one tribe of cannibals react to you will vary from another tribe; some will avoid you out of fear, some will come after you out of anger (for killing members). They change their patterns to accommodate you, and they utilize different strategies and members of their tribe to take you down. It all depends on how you choose to interact with the environment and the AI you encounter.If you're looking for a decent, somewhat stressful survival game without the massive multiplayer feel of Day-Z and Rust, The Forest is for you. The game manages to keep you on your toes without it ever feeling too safe or too easy.Arrive in the forest. Thrive in the forest. Survive the forest.9/10"
,Recommended,242760,13063755,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Shred,"First impression of the game was terrifying. Me and my friend started a coop game and frantically scrambled for supplies before night time. We were too late. I ran out of energy so we built a bench for me to rest on, as I sat there regaining my stamina, we realized that we were no longer alone. 2 Tribal parties stumbled upon our camp just as night fell. Considering we were so close to their camp, they came to investigate. Terror and regret filled my bones. As the damp rain soaked our skin, we struggled agaisnt the horde. They overran us, and we died. 10/10 for amazing atmosphere/satisfying crafting."
,Recommended,242760,25025574,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,BlackTriton,"You remember when teams of developers actually cared about their game, listened to feedback, recommondations, and bug reports? When microtransactions didn't litter a game? When DLC (if any) meant something? Remember those times?The Forest's developers do, and they are doing an damn fine job at their game. Take time to explore and actually try in this game, and you'll find tons of cryptic, radical stuff. Great job Endnight.11/10"
,Recommended,242760,10289129,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,King of Africa,"IGNORE EVERYTHING ELSE. PROCEDURAL BREASTS? NOW WE'RE TALKIN'.Sniped a Seagull with a tennis ball 50 ft in the air. Hit it and it plummeted to the ground. 10/10.Edit: Adversely I collected 50+ tennis balls in an area and they all kept bouncing, jumped on them, got rocketed to space. 11/10EDIT 2: I'M DEATHLY AFRAID OF SHARKS EVEN IN GAMES SO I DECIDED TO STAY OUT OF THE WATER. WELL GUESS WHAT? THEY WERE SWIMMING ON LAND. GG NO RE LIFE AS WE KNOW IT IS OVER.Recent edit: Game's pretty ballin right now. Enoying it a whole lot, has definitely improved since the start tremendously. Worth more than $15 at this point."
,Recommended,242760,10291615,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ℳogwai,Nearly died IRL because a suspicious looking rock in a cave scared me while i was eating doritos.I'm only recommending this because it has turtles.
,Recommended,242760,23497202,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,cringelord67,"""Basically Don't Starve/Rust if it was Rated 18+ Explicit, had stunningly beautiful, realistic visuals and sp00py as ♥♥♥♥.  No joke, this game is genuinely terrifying; especially on your first playthrough in Singleplayer.""You can turn off the enemies in the game by typing 'veganmode' upon entering the main menu and turn them back on by typing 'meatmode'.I love survival games and this is probably currently one of the best games of its kind ever made (no exaggeration) - and it's still in development.Of course there are glitches and bugs here and there (like most open-world sandbox games commonly do), but it doesn't take away the fact that this is such a great, in-depth and intricate game in terms ofcrafting and exploring,yet simple/straightforward enough that you don't feel overwhelmed and turned off by overly-complicated recipes.You can make your own base(fully customizable), go swimming in the ocean, make a treehouse, hunt animals and acquire pretty neat weapons and special equipment (via super secret locations!) to help aid you and survive the unforgiving climate,ALL WHILE TRYING TO FEND OFF THE BLOODTHIRSTY LOCALS WANTING YOUR HEAD AND SKIN ON A STICK.Note; all of this gets better and way more funnier with people you know (called friends).Graphics: 8.5/10Fantastically creepy textures and shadow effects, the overall look of the environment will constantly keep you paranoid, whether it be night or day... majestic sunsets and eerie midnight skies are a pleasure to gaze at.Audio: 8.5/10The sounds in this game is definitely what makes it truly breath-holding and unsettling.  You can hear the cannibals breathing and snickering outside your base, stalking your every move.  The howling wind will send a chill down your spine, the dripping noise of water in caves are unnerving...Gameplay/Mechanics: 8/10Overall, this game plays out just likeany other Survival genre type gameout there; some animations may seem clunky at times, but it is to be expected.  The enemies move very erratically and glitchy, whether that is on purpose or not is what makes them so damn creepy.Craftingguide is laid out in a book, where you can look up different things by pressing 'B', but actually creating/upgrading items takes place in your inventory 'I' .  Overall very clear and easy-to-read, says which required materials you'll need.Combatis fairly simple, you can block most of the enemies' attacks by holding right-click, with some boss mobs being an exception, obviously.  Ranged projectile-based weapons have poor physics though, and most are fairly inaccurate.A deserved 8.3/8.5/10 imo!"
,Recommended,242760,13327684,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Senpai McFly,"My First Game:>Plane crash>Jump out>Follow the tips>Yay, a shelter and fire>Sleeps>Kidnapped by hippies>Wake up in hippy cave>Weird floating thing giving birth to weird flippy things>Darn hippies>Climb out of hippy cave>Run back to shelter>It's night>Learns how to make fire stick>Tries to sleep while holding fire stick>Shelter burns>Attacked by group of hippes>Dies""You survived 0 days""10/10 would do it all again."
,Recommended,242760,10289465,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Diddlebit,Started near a beachGrabbed the axeChopped down a ♥♥♥♥ ton of treesMade base at beachSee 3 uncivilized gentleman who did not like my companyKill em deadMake a huge base traps and everything♥♥♥♥ yastep on fireplace and die10/10 Will die again
,Recommended,242760,10491016,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,keaty,makes you forget you even had a son in the first placeyes/10
,Recommended,242760,14578008,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Slick Turpin,"My plane crashed, my son got taken by what seemed like cannibal mutants so I did what any real father would do and vowed to get revenge.I found myself an axe.I raided the wreckage for bottles of booze.I raided the suitcases for scraps of cloth.I made a stack of molotov cocktails and set out to eradicate the tribe that stole my progeny.I found a very scenic looking spot on the beach and decided to stay the night.The sunrise was especially pretty so I built a treehouse and decided to stay another night.Now I am tending to herb gardens, breeding rabbits, preserving lizard meats and listening to scavenged cassette tapes.Every now again wandering mutants come too close to my turf, so I burn them with molotov cocktails and use their body parts to create ghastly effigies on my beach.I also use tree sap to glue their teeth to my axe. 52 mutant teeth glued to my axe means it 1 shots cannibals.I should probably venture out and find out what happened to my firstborn, but the sunrise on this beach is just so pretty, plus I need to finish building this gazebo."
,Recommended,242760,10287998,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,FreakOrama,"The Forest, first off, is the most stunning looking, graphically intense indie game i have ever seen, it rivals triple-A titles and even beat them, in terms of graphics, animations, and just pure gameplay. The game does its job as a survival horror game, you collect materials such as woods, leafs, stones..etc, and food and water from the remains of the crashed airplane you come from, or by hunting animals (which really feels great killing them, i know I'm a bad person) . the horror aspect of the game is no joke, filled with blood and gore, crazy humanoid primitive creatures out to kill and eat you, and the game doesn't go easy on you, if they're coming after you, you're most likely dead.http://youtu.be/DZao0GMoRCoThe bad about the game that in the begging is really hard to survive as it doesn't give you a chance to make a good shelter for yourself, but that will probably change over time. The baseline is, the game is great and is worth the asking price and more.Will update the review as i play more of itSo far the game plays great, and now they released the save fix, go nuts and buy this game. Just remember though, it's still early access / alpha so there will be bugs and possibily frustrating moments, if you can't hand that then don't buy it, but if you can and will be supportive and report bugs and concerns, tehn buy it.More info here:KSalue"
76561198118647722,Recommended,242760,19683401,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Suola-Ulla,"- started multiplayer--joined some swedish dudes-broke one of their huts-- they got mad and attacked me--- gave them bambi meat and made peace-- they told me about this cave--- agreed to go investigate it--- they talked about a spiderwoman in the cave and didn't want to go in-- told them ♥♥♥♥ this and went in first- chose walkie talkie over lighter as i climbed down the rope--slowly lovered myself into darkness talking to guys over radio-reached the bottom, couldn't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ kept hearing weird noices-- lighted up a torch--- see spiderwoman few meters away---everyone screaming in radio ""kill it, kill it""---proceed to hack it with my torch--- screen covered in blood, don't know if i'm dead or alive--- hear screaming in the radio ""IT'S DEAD, IT'S DEAD. HE DID IT""--- get the status of a swedish national hero--- never see spiderwoman again--find all kind of nice♥♥♥♥♥♥from caves with buddies-10/10 would help ♥♥♥♥♥ swedes again"
,Recommended,242760,12650514,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,gwushy,you don't even play as a forest
,Recommended,242760,22719735,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,oh wow it's Dave,-Find a beach with dead sharks.-have a glorious vision-lay the plans for Fort Kickass-Chop down trees for three days-Fort Kickass is complete-setup crazy traps to thwart zealot nudists-Fort Kickass is armed-zealot nudists come when I'm out hunting rabbits-they left effigies-effigies on my land-lose it-go berserk-took my son don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥-♥♥♥♥ with my land it's on-Fort Kickass is dangerous-sends a nudist woman to find me-topless-go Saudi Arabia on her♥♥♥♥♥-head on a spike-more nudist scouts for head spikes-manning giant fort alone-eating turtles like I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing shark-zealot nudists get sick of my♥♥♥♥♥♥-launch ten man assault-they all die-quiet for two days-spider nudists come in the night-just enough molotovs to defeat them-more offensives succumb to apparently invisible traps-Fort Kickass hurts but it never bleeds-so much tree sap it's coming out of my♥♥♥♥♥-fort invincible-don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about my son-only love is fort kickass-realize I can eat nudists-begin eating nudists to devote more time to killing nudists-have I become like them-no-I am become death10/10 would ravage foreign lands as merciless white god again
76561198082598490,Recommended,242760,20189620,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SirEllusionist,Go down a rope leading into a caveHear sacary noisesStop midway the ropeSee mutuant baby feteusGo back up and attend my garden10/10 would attend my garden again
,Recommended,242760,15969377,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,G-Man,First off this game gets addicting...building and surviving is not easy which makes the game very interesting. This is not a game for the easily scared person. Sounds and things are always happening around you. The A.I. in the game is very good. Here is an example of good game-play.I found myself chopping down wood in forest during day and spotting things moving in distance i decided to ignore it cause it wasn't to close...before you know it a cannibal was directly next to me i stood still hoping it would go away. (BAD IDEA) the freaking thing jumped at me at full speed (Scared the crap outta me) I chose to defend myself and was knocked out by him. woke up to two men dragging me across forest...then woke up in a dark cave next to a rope where i quickly climbed up and found myself running for my base camp at full speed i noticed there where lots of cannibal's quickly running aside me and in distance i did not stop.. i finally made it to base camp and decided to seek revenge. I heard screams near camp on beach so i healed up and made some fire bombs and got my axe. I found 4 of them on Beach burned 2 of them and beat the crap outta the other 2 with my axe. chopped off all their body parts brought it back to camp and stacked their limbs to sticks show my victory!10/10 cant wait for game to fully be finished.
,Recommended,242760,10313251,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Razz,10/10 Hit a naked chick with a foot and she exploded. Rip #NvrFrgt
76561198030528854,Recommended,242760,10440698,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Hoped Tripod,"Alpha V0.01 Review: I built a home surrounded by walls, then 3 Cannibals attacked it, i killed them all, cut them up into pieces and made a statue of them and set it on fire to warn the others of what i did to their friends. Everything was peaceful until one night it was raining, so i couldn't set anything on fire, so my Cannibal statue was out, so i decided to sleep until morning. i didn't even sleep for 15 minutes before my base was under siege by a group of 20 Cannibals. we had a war, and i won because i had 30 Molotovs in my inventory, then when i went to cut them all up to make more statues one blew up and i died and got sent flying to the moon. 10/10EDIT: This Review is outdated since they patched flying to the moon after chopping up a dead Cannibal. This patch was included in Alpha V0.04."
,Recommended,242760,23470488,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,bohne,"Updated ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING TIME!These devs put so much work into this game it's unreal.Update on the 4th of April, 2017:This review still holds up. The game has made huge progress and is still fun and creepy as hell.If you have a friend to play this with...just...just do."
,Recommended,242760,10338439,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,dabbertorres,Landed at the wrong nudist colony. Killed within a day.10/10.
,Recommended,242760,12610318,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,zkratt,"Yes, I recommend it... BUT...While I direct this towards you consumers  just about to spend your money on this product, it's also viable feedback for the developers. So, in short: Yes, I recommend it. BUT for the average gamer it's NOT worth picking up at it's current state. The game is in alpha and needs some serious overhauls.Here's why:As it is, one might wonder if the game is made by fat, lazy people. Simply because you have to eat food and drink soda every five minutes in order to have any energy to work and also, not to starve.One could argue, with reason, how the player needing to eat more frequently than one does in real life, fits the sped up daycycle of the game. However, even if a day passes by in 15 minutes or so, the time needed to scavenge and work in order to gather resources and proviants (to set up a camp with a fire to cook food) is proportionally wrong, feels obscure and out of place.In order for all the walking around, working and scavenging to fit the time-format, the inventory cap needs to be increased atleast threefold. There's just no reason why carrying seven sticks two hundred meters should take several in-game hours. A solution would be to slow the daycycle down at least five times, or better yet, include a slider at the 'new game' screen, where one could adjust the speed of time according to personal prefference.Also, I wouldn't really mind those tribesmen showing up this often if it weren't for the fact that I feel completely helpless against an unarmed tribesman, despite having hit him or her three times in the head with an axe. I also wouldn't mind those tribesmen being this extremely dangerous and able to take me out easily, if it weren't for the fact that they show up way too often. Either one of these two extremes is acceptable and could be a niche game-gimmick, but the two of them at once is just terrible. Actually, I preferr none of them, but I suppose some people might, so making this customizable at a new game creation would be a great idea.Personally, I'd appreciate if this island didn't feel like a weird place where time is warped, overpopulated by annoying, overpowered cannibals, and a place where I have to constantly eat and drink in order to be able do do anything for two minutes before the day is over and I still need five more sticks. Imagine if this game included having to take a dump aswell! Needing the bathroom every five minutes is equally realistic...I hope this game comes with a ton of settings to personalize your own experience.I, for one, would love if I could actually have strength and time enough to carry out a days work, then sit down by my newly lit campfire and enjoy my freshly grilled lizard before going to sleep.And if those cannibals didn't show up to kill me this often, perhaps their enhcounters would be a bit more interresting rather than a shallow, obvious and expected, frequent and annoying nuisance, that's being a regular part of every (15 minute) day I get to keep playing.As an additional sidenote: For some reason, the textures of skin, like the skin parts of the body (hands etc.), and the skin of the tribesmen is currently glowing. While this makes your enemies easier to spot in the dark, it also makes it a pain to carry logs and such in the dark because of glowing arms taking up half of the screen. I've tried every setting in the options menu to fix this with no luck. I've never experienced anything like this with any other game so it is most likely a bug that will be sorted out. I somehow doubt that selfillumination like this is part of the gamedesign, judging by the screenshots. Running AMD Radeon HD 7870 and the game runs smoothly otherwise.EDIT: Check mong my uploaded screenshots to see what I'm talking about.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=331030615I realize this might have seemed like I'm hating on this, which I'm not. I still stand by my opinions: I recommend it because it has so much potential, but only to people who really are in to these kind of games and wants to try it out anyway. Otherwise, it's a given pass untill the game is done."
76561198000024622,Recommended,242760,10311980,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Syine,I paused the game and died of starvation on the plane.10/10
,Recommended,242760,26235878,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Dr Ymath,"Don't read guides, don't watch videos. Find a friend or two willing to spend 16 bucks and take a risk, you'll be happy you did. The games atmosphere hits home like nothing i've played in a long time."
,Recommended,242760,19573259,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,将軍 UBW ピザ。,This is about the only early access game that has not run off with my money.
,Recommended,242760,10294073,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The Son of Man,"This game is very realistic, women run away from you or try to kill you. You can't save either, 9/10"
76561198075774703,Recommended,242760,10294209,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Rawlson,"-The first time I played-Spawned near a beach.Grabbed some supplies.Wacked a bunny over the head with my axe.Grabbed the bunny.Built a fire near the coast.Cooked the bunny.Saw a mutant in the forest watching me.It started screaming and 5 more walked out.They started sprinting at me, so I swam out into the water.They all stopped at my camp and stared at it.5 of them walked away and left one lone mutant.I was all like ""I got this♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and ran towards the mutant with my axe.She hit me twice and killed me.I woke up in a cave with a bunch of dead bodies hanging from the cave ceiling.Found an axe and a flare gun, then slowly made my way out of the cave.3 naked mutants ran at me and killed me by beating me down with human heads.11/10, thats some spooky♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,242760,10344868,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,SirZephy,">plane crashed oh no>naked guy takes my child>find flashlight in back of plane, can't pick it up>feeling sad because I wanted to dual wield flash lights>find axe>find dead bodies>decapitate dead bodies with axe>find out I can dupe heads>beach is now covered in heads>♥♥♥♥ up peoples suitcases with my axe>so many tennis balls>spend 5 minutes throwing tennis balls at unsuspecting turtles>night comes, I forgot about getting wood>go to get wood>random naked girl drops from the tree. boobs.>drop logs in panic>she walks into the log and gets flung into the distance by amazing physics>cu @ lan ♥♥♥♥♥>finds out I can walk backwards while carrying 2 logs and juggle a third>forget which direction I'm meant to be going>look up and see 4 groups of naked peoples charging at me>nope. quit the game>game crashes11/10 this game punishes you for being a cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197994784630,Recommended,242760,18199195,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Syltis,"They came in the night, a man and a woman, screaming outside of my walls. Won't let me sleep. I light an effigy to throw them off and eat something. My walls are thick and they are weak. They keep screaming and banging on the wood. They won't let me sleep. I hear the man getting caught in one of my snare traps. I'll deal with it tomorrow. Woman still there, banging, screaming. Getting worse now. She's obviously distressed about the mans entrapment. Won't let me ♥♥♥♥ing sleep.I head out. She's running in circles around him, sometimes stopping to stare at me and scream. She charges. I cut her down in front the hanging man. My katana is sharp and she is weak. As she lets out her dying breath, I bring my axe down and tear her apart, head first, legs last. The man shouts and swings at me with his club, panicking. I take the axe to him till he stops screaming. Exhausted from pain, he moans and mumbles. I slowly light a stick with a cloth on and set him on fire. My flame is hot and he is weak.10/10, would lose track of who's the real evil again."
,Recommended,242760,12677915,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Strawbunny,"This game has it's issues, but once they are fixed, this game will be amazing.Quick story: You play as this guy on a plane with a child (maybe yours?) holding onto your arm. Plane crashes, some naked tribal guy takes said child, and you're on your own.Every time you start a new game the plane will be somewhere else so you wont know where you are every time. You start off with the basics, candy, beer, a fire axe, a heart monitor (that you'll never use) and food. You'll have a survival handbook that is very useful, itll tell you what to do as well as give you a way to build things like a fire or a place to sleep, even walls to keep you safe.When you hop off the plane (and taking the fire axe out of Stacy's face) you will either be greeted with sunshine or greeted by 3 naked people about to destroy you together.At this point, if you're lucky, no one will bother you. If you're unlucky however, and the naked tibal people see you and run after you, good luck defending yourself with a fire axe and some snacks (oh and pills).I love the visuals of this game, it's very beautiful. The sunshine, the darkness, all close to realistic. I love the level of darkness at night, it's just enough to hinder vision, but not enough to be annoying. The weather is pretty awesome too, the only problem I have with the weather is the rain, I got tired of this routine:1. You are cold and wet2. Get warm by fire3. Rain stops, ventures out of base/camp4. Rains again 15 seconds later making you run back to camp/base just to get warm5. See step oneOn to the enemies: I hate them. They are annoying, buggy, and overpowered at times. I would be in my camp that is surrounded by big tall walls, and suddenly *INCEPTION MUSIC BWUM*. I would look around and see no one, then suddenly a bunch of them run through the walls and runs right back out. This gets annoying, especially when they warp into your camp and hit you from below your log cabin. When you finally have the balls/girl balls to venture out of your camp/base, you see a single naked woman watching you, then walking up to you, then hits you once taking over half your health (perfect time to look at that heart monitor!!). You swing your axe at them but your attacks are SO slow that she hits you 2 times before your next swing.Other than the things I mentioned, I love the IDEA of the enemies, they watch you, study you, instead of attacking sometimes. I love the idea of stealthing around these naked people or being stalked by them. I know it sounds weird, but these elements are not implimented well in other games, I would love this open-world survival horror game to have a moment where you hear a sound and if you're lucky, you'll see one running away.The food: You have only a few choices on food that I've encountered: Candy bar, fish, rabbits, and plants. I hated that more often than not I'm being forced to stop everything just to eat a bunny. I have trouble getting the fish, they swim too far from where you can stand and fish from, meaning you have to stand and hope they swim close to you and not swim out into the ocean. Don't get me started on the sharks in the ocean, they spawn a safe distance, SOMETIMES, once they spawned right at the edge of the water, you can't go in without being eaten. Honestly the hunting, other than the tech issues, is amazing compaired to other games. To fish (at the moment you must find a sharp spear, can't make it yet) you get a sharp spear and go look for the ocean or a pond. You stand over the fish and stab them, making them stick to your pole. This is amazing, it's small but it's great that you don't just go up to a fish and press ""take"". To hunt (there are only rabbits to hunt and eat at the moment) you either grab your fire axe and start running after them and swinging away, or you make a rabbit trap.The building: I love the fact that you can make yourself a camp and stay safe. When you look at your survival guide, you can build walls, cabins, steps, a tree house, and other things. They keep you safe from those naked people that want to sacrifice your body to the ""Bieber"" they keep seeing in the magazines on planes. I love that if you build a fire, they will come and try to kill you. If I were a tribal naked person and this guy that was in a plane crash made a camp out of 50 logs that are bigger than him in less than 2 days all by himself, I would avoid him completely.The game is in development, so there are some bugs that I've run into, here is a list of a few:-Gets killed by a naked Leelo and I wake up in a cave surrounded by 3 more naked girls and gets pummeled by them almost instantly. This isn't normal, you have a bit more time than that to recover.-End of the level, missing textures, trees in water, a message that says you can't go this way yet, it's not available in this version of the game"". When that happened, I was staving looking for fish in water, and never saw one for miles.-Made a big base with large walls and stuff to keep safe, but a bunch of enemies run straight through it and attack me.-I suddenly start swimming while I was cutting down a tree, I am able to slowly swim off into the sunset above the ground and over the trees. Felt great but it was a game-breaking bug, I can't save and come back, the glitch will still be there.-I walk into a cave, start slowly rising upward, looks like I'm swimming then suddenly dropped from a high place and dies.All in all, I loved this game, it needs a lot of work but if they continue to build it even after the alpha is released, it would turn out to be a outstanding game. I recommend this game because it has potential to be a epic game, if they put love and care into it.Suggestions (keep in mind these are probly added by the time anyone reads this):-I want to make a strong spear, adding a utility knife would make things a lot easier, you can cut the sticks to make a spear-More things to hunt. This is more than likely added very soon.-Don't make caves seperate than the main world. Every time you go into a cave, the world outside isn't there anymore, causing issues with framerate and crashes.-A story. Surviving is it's own reward, but where did that kid go? Did they mistake him for their idol ""Bieber""?-Random events: Imagine this, you are walking in the forest, you hear a sound, you look around but see nothing, then when you turn to look in front of you there's a guy and he grabs your neck or tries to stab you, QTE moment. Or imagine this, you made a base, heavily fortified with big walls. One night you are eating your rabbit with a side of Butterfingers when suddenly you hear some chanting. You look over your wall and see a bunch of naked people with a very large log making their way to your wall, threatening to knock it down. Events like this make the game a LOT more fun and random.I hope you enjoyed my review, thanks for reading! <3"
,Recommended,242760,10315176,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,LogSnaps,"There was a glitch that fused my flare gun and axe, so I ended up having an axe flamethrower. Also I built a floating log cabin.10/10"
76561198066253605,Recommended,242760,20963096,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,SABINA,"(All quotes herein are from ""Heart of Darkness"", by Joseph Conrad)“The mind of man is capable of anything.”http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=612595231Open world survival horror sandbox. Even in Early Access, The Forest is at the top of its genre. I first played many months ago and the very early stage of the game was evident. But I was intrigued and set it aside, hoping that the devs wouldn't join the growing throng of abandoned or semi-supported titles, and that they would actually live up to the purpose of the Early Access program. Now, easily sinking 100 hours into version .031 in just a couple weeks, I can honestly say that Endnight has been very, very busy. It is an understatement to say that The Forest has come a long way. At this rate, it stands to rival popular AAA titles.""...deeper and deeper into the heart of darkness”Playing this time around, I was immediately impressed by the graphics and optimization. The options available make it possible to play, and still enjoy, on nearly any pc. And it is stunningly beautiful, so well complimented by the audio, both ambient and situational. This combination, along with some of the smartest AI I've encountered, makes for a worldspace that is among the most immersive I have ever experienced.Immersion...“But his soul was mad. Being alone in the wilderness, it had looked within itself and, by heavens I tell you, it had gone mad.”http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=664289677When you can build and decorate a cozy cabin by a pond and set up a little bench to just sit upon and listen to the frogs chirping in the soft rain of sunset, lulled by the crackling of the campfire... that is immersion par excellence. As you watch the raindrops dimple the surface of the pond, from somewhere in the pitch black of night, beyond the glow of your lanterns, an inhuman scream shatters your idyll... something bellowing from the pits of Hell. Then another, and another, and you realize they are communicating. They are hunting... and they are headed straight for you with lightning speed, raw fury and an insatiable hunger. Hopefully you prepared well for this onslaught. Because it will be unrelenting, horrific, and your new routine almost every night. The things I've had to do to survive... bathed in the blood of butchery. I will never be the same again. There is no going back from this...""He cried in a whisper at some image, at some vision--a cry that was no more than a breath: The horror...""http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=607430795In short, The Forest is Early Access done well. It truly epitomizes the spirit of what EA is all about, and this is worth remarking because we all know that so many do not. The devs maintain a regularly scheduled updating discipline, continuously adding new content, fixing bugs, and optimizing. They listen to the community and actually implement the input. Already on my list of all time favorites, I will easily devote another hundred hours. I am convinced that The Forest will get finished, and that when it does, it will be an exceptional game without rival in its genre.“It was written I should be loyal to the nightmare of my choice.”Tonight I stack their corpses like cordwood on the flaming pyre. I build walls from their bones and stuff their skulls with burning embers. And now, the mad howling I hear piercing the night... is me."
76561198073374764,Recommended,242760,13729705,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bill Fuckin Murray,"Basically starts out like the show Lost.  Plane goes down, nobody has seatbelts on because they live dangerous.  Plane snaps in half, but you're such a badass you are the only survivor and you're doing pretty damn well.  A blue electric guy comes and takes the kid next to you while you stare at him, but you stay silent, because Social Darwinism is life and you are going to amount to more than that child would have.  You wonder around hopeless and ravage through people's luggage because when sh** happens, common sense goes out the window.  You run aimlessly with an axe and kill a few monitor lizards because wherever you are, they are abundant.  Soon after, a little bronze person appears and stares at you, naturally you're instinct in unrealistic situations is to kill him.  He hits ya once or twice and you are knocked out because you just 'cant even'.  You wake up in a cave in which an Octo-lizard is giving birth and the babies kill you. Days survived: 010/10 overall.  Would absolutely recommend to everyone"
,Recommended,242760,24393749,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,MatsuoBasho,"I always find hard to review a game I adore. I fear not to give enough credit deserved and every word is carefully picked in order to show what the said game is about and why it should be purchased.I will start off by telling why The Forest shines brighter than other survival games. I always found frustrating the neverending material farming in similar titles, days spent chopping, cutting, slashing just to build a very small hut that would get destroyed in a blink of an eye. The Forest is different. While it still takes time to craft something, you don't have to spend an entire day gathering resources. There are many available structures, with many functions (some structures having more than one fuction, as they can be extremely versatile).Another typical feature of a survival game is the how-to-spend-the-night moment. I've always seen that moment as the one where you try to stay safe, where any lurking threat has to be avoided until you get a proper equipment to fight back (if you can fight back at all). In The Forest, with a proper strategy, you can drive away the cannibals (the main enemies) even from the first night.Hoping to have given proper credit to this game so far, I'll now start listing what I personally find extremely splendid about it:Enemy AI:The cannibals are extremely intelligent, and their behaviour constantly develops following your gameplay; if you try to avoid them, they will look at you with curiosity, studying your movements without harming you. If you show an aggressive behaviour they will strike with an increasing force, calling for help and attacking your base weakest spots. If you are merciless they may end up fearing you, whereas if you spare some of them, they will respect you, seeing you as a godlike figure.They have multiple strategies as well: they send scouts to check your base and equipment, plan surprise attacks in the day, build different totems around to inform the others (there are lots of totems, each of them with a different purpose) or to summon special enemies (mutants).Co-Op mode:This is the real way to play The Forest in my opinion. Grab your friends and start playing together; the voice option (you can communicate with your real voice through an in-game Walkie Talkie) adds up to the immersion, and your voice can actually lure cannibals as they can hear you too. You can also trade items, in case a friend is in need of a particular resource; you can organize turns and roles thanks to this. Building, fighting and surviving with your friends is an incredible experience in The Forest, it's extremely fun and addictive!The story:The storyline plays an important role in The Forest, and gives you an exciting purpose to venture the island to find your lost son. As you crawl into the caves, sail the sea or climb the mountains you will find details of what's going on, or what happened before your arrival. There's always something to find, from creepy to disturbingly fun discoveries.Updates:I believe that this is the most updated Early Access game every played. There's always a new planned update that adds so many new features and fixes bugs (once you start the game there is a countdown to the next update), and it makes The Forest a title that you cannot stop playing as there will always be something new. A big kudos to the devs for this!Optimization:Yes, the game is demanding in terms of minimal requirements, however I'd like to highlight the optimization aspect. I run this game on two PCs, a not-so-high-end laptop (which barely meets the minimum specs) and a potato desktop. I can perfectly run on medium settings on the former (without fps drops or stuttering, and on high settings with some small stutter in tense moments of fight), and low settings on the latter (without fps drops) and still looks amazing! You can run The Forest with the setting you like and it will still have a beautiful look.The price of the game should be tempting as well. For that ridiculous sum you get an amazing survival game (I dare to say, the best so far) in constant development, with a dev team that actually listens to player's feedbacks and seems to be more excited than us to work on this project.It's an Early Access game but it already has more content that most of the ""finished"" titles.Grab this game and I am sure you will NOT regret it!"
,Recommended,242760,27870986,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MuratoDelirious,"you will lose your sanity when you play this game...first experience playing with a friend-I was beating the sh*t out of a naked guy with a rock-took his bones to craft armor-used his head as decoration on my wall-suddenly my friend shouted:""THERE'S A CAVE!""-we went to the cave-saw little baby creatures attacking us with the ""Kano Ball"" move.-we killed them-we continue checkin' out the cave-*weird noise*-Me:*girly scream* Friend:WHAT THE HELL IS THAT!-a spiderwoman appeared-*me and my friend screaming*-I tried to kill the ""spiderwoman"" with a lighted torch-the torch went out as i hit her-*crap in pants while its dark*-*friend still screaming*-*spiderwoman b*tchslaps me in the dark*-*dead*-*friend running for his life trying to find the exit*she killed us both10/10 Love this game :DD"
76561198083453513,Recommended,242760,17686150,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,RADAR,"Day 42:I have established several camps around the island. Some are well fortified and if the natives choose to attack on a large scale these locations will surely be the choices for my retreat. I can't decide if they are all part of the same clan or if the ""Shiny Ones"" and the ""Mutations"" are seperate from the others. From what I have seen so far, this group is the only that dwell under ground through out the cave systems. To date, I have never seen the surface group enter the caves. I have witnessed on multiple occasions, openly violent attacks on the ""Dwellers"" from the ""Surfacers"" leading me to believe they are seperate. Of course this is only speculation.Having the multiple camps has proven a must. This has allowed me to travel to the farthest reaches of the island in search for clues of my son's where abouts. I can only speculate on the accuracy of these findings as well as the location of my son.From what I have seen thus far. I am holding out hope that he still lives. I have found pieces of his toy figure leading me to think he is leaving clues in hope that I still breathe and am in search of him. He is correct. I will tear down this island from shores to mountains until I have exhausted my options........ Or my life.I fear to speak of the other things I have seen.  Clearly, as an attempt to ward off either myself or the creatures, from their villages.These surfacers are readily willing to set up effigies of mangled, mutilated, severed body parts of the copses from the crash. I can only hope that for their part, the victims were deceased prior to these savages locating them. From what I can tell, they have not, I'll say that again, They Have Not eaten any human flesh that I know of. However, as for the cave dwellers,......... well let me only say that I have a stronger constitution then I had thought.It's going dark and I must prepare for the nightly hunting from both the surfacers and the dwellers. They seem to prefer the evening for killing. Make no mistake though, if you find this journal.... If I do not find my son and I am fallen, do not trust the day anymore than the night. They want blood.... for what ever reason. I can hear their calls off in the distance now and the sun has lost its' hold. I must prepare."
,Recommended,242760,28781803,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,•SADBOY•,"This is not just another survival horror game. Dare I say one of the top 5 games I've had the pleasure of playing. There are so many different levels to this, Took me a bit to realize that. AND to have Co-op option ontop of that? Man. -There are minor bugs, as it's still in alpha. Nothing terrible that they're not ontop of fixing (scheduled updates). I highly reccomend this game to anyone who loves horror, survival, a mysterious story and a few wtf moments."
,Recommended,242760,10309421,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,INFINITE,"10/10 would survive an airplane crash again>be me>headless man>airplane ride is good so far>turbulence hits, i like it>feelsgoodman.jpeg>starts shaking too much>afriad the plane might break>fml it broke into pieces>3/10 next to me wakes up and goes into that position the airplane people say to do during crash>plane crashes>tree branches everywhere>get knocked out>ffw sometime later>some ugly dude i never seen before stands over 3/10>he wasnt wearing much, he couldnt have been from the plane ride>picks up 3/10 and runs away>ffw a little bit later>wake up take some♥♥♥♥♥♥from the plane>confused af why the naked dude took 3/10 but not me>start cutting trees n shi*>get some logs near the cost>3 naked noobs come near me>1s a naked chick with ♥♥♥♥♥♥s showing>the other 2 were dudes with again, barely anything on, one had some sort of hat>decided yolo and walked up to them>alpha mode engaged>walk up the girl bout to ask her what she doing and if she would like to stay with me in my yet to be completed log shelter>one dude starts sprinting at me>must be her boyfriend or something cause he attacks me>ohshit.jpeg>boyfriend knocks me out>wake up in darkness>take out bic lighter>wtf im not even a smoker howd i get this?>notice a bunch of bodies hanging from ceiling>find some supplies>try to find the cave exit>exit is above me the whole time>climb up 6 meters up to leave the cave>hole wasnt big enough for me to climb through>lost my footing on the rocks cause its wet>fall down to the floor of the cave>dead>never flying malaysian airlines againGREENTEXT STORY IS OUTDATED due to some patches"
,Recommended,242760,10364332,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SpeKkk =D // CSGORoll.com,Killed a whole village of tribesmen with a leg.11/10
76561198282330883,Recommended,242760,23429702,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MDZZ,跪求中文Chinese genuflect is begged
,Recommended,242760,12370294,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Boomerscare,"First Day-watched creepy man take child, oh well had it coming-smashed luggage with an axe found in someones back-got a tenis ball-discovered that my throwing arm is decent-walked around for a bit, found the beach-watched lizards spawn in groups of six and chased them into the ocean-noticed it was getting dark, started looking for resources to build a shelter-was collecting sticks when music changed, being a long time gamer i knew♥♥♥♥♥♥was up-saw creepy looking guy doing some jazz hands at me, then saw fire king next to him-ran like Usain Bolt-found containers on the beach-spent the entire night awake, freezing and hungry inside a container, thought i was safe....-they found me-a lot found me-too many found me-I now live in cave of hanging bodies12/10 would hide in container again"
,Recommended,242760,12755057,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,LegendRS,"Got through to day 9 after a couple of playthroughs, where I had amassed many amazing weapons, limbs & resources, explored caves and created a solid base. It should have been called ""The Island"" when I had finished with it, as there weren't enough trees for it to be classed as a forest any more! Bear Grylls would be proud...Was killed by my own treacherous Raft when we got into an argument about which way was upwards and I shot it with an arrow. He retaliated by dividing by 0 and I received a few fatal ""roundhouse sticks"" to the face; they sent me flying (literally).11/10 would raft again.On a serious note, Some stuff in this game does need work/updating and maybe co-op Support too (but seeing as this is currently still in Early Access Alpha: I'll let it slide).... OOZING WITH POTENTIAL! gg.*UPDATE* Co-op Multiplayer is now released and fully supported, which I think will make this game much more enjoyable! Long live The Forest!!!"
,Recommended,242760,12645700,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,biohazard_star,"You get to chop trees, build giant wooden fortresses and kill the natives. It's like Christopher Columbus discovering America, only with cannibals.10/10 CARPENTRY SIMULATOR: THE GAME"
76561198074661529,Recommended,242760,29523972,Posted: 27 January,all,Sniper Wolf,"Everything I do in The Forest feels like a big deal, so when things get crazy (and they really do) it is pretty mind blowing. I think that the mix of realistic, survival game mechanics and fantasy horror work great together. The Forest pushes you beyond the point of most other games. Which results in an extremely immersive and exhilarating experience.There are points in The Forest where the realistic and more fantastic elements come together beautifully. The developers of The Forest are not messing around, they will surprise you. There are some genuinely talented people working on this game.I have no problems with performance running it at 1080p and 60FPS. This game is beautiful and there is an extensive graphics options menu. The sound design is impressive too and I would recommend that you experience it in 5.1 surround.In addition to the single player experience there is also a co-op mode. I didn’t play this part of the game much but I did try it. Everything worked fine when logging into a game and there seem to be a fair few people online.The developers of The Forest have become known as a dedicated and reliable team. They have done some fantastic work here and continued to add regular improvements. The game is still just an early access title but it’s one of the best games that I’ve ever played.I would highly recommend that you buy and play this game. Let’s give the developers loads of money, so that they can continue producing amazing content."
,Recommended,242760,10315904,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,seka,"Jumped into a deep pond of water, fell to my death (capture): 10/10Killed an enemy 50 meters away, got blood on my hands: 10/10Rinsed legs in water, resulted in blood coming off hands: 10/10Walked through a tree: 10/10Cannibals took me with 100 hunger, woke up with 0 hunger: 10/10Cut down a tree with a lizard in it: 10/10Bird flying without moving wings: 10/10Fish floating in the air: 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,18379405,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,EthanT,"The Forest is currently an Early Access Survival Horror game. The core concept and execution of the game are excellent thus far. The Developers for this game are very active in the community and regularly release updates. Detailed breakdown:What we know about the Story:The story is in development. This means the whole Story is not there. You cannot ""beat"" the game as is. While exploring the island you will find clues as to what happened to ""Timmy"" (who is assumed to be your son). Parts of his toy, pictures, cave sketches. The game has basically zero handholding and refuses to point you in any direction at all. Most people will never find all the hidden story components. If you do find them, you will learn where ""Timmy"" has been takenGameplay:The game is played in First Person. The core aspects of the game are survival based. Hunger, Thirst, Rest, and Energy all make an appearance. You must hunt for food (or forage, alternatively), drink water, and sleep. So far, the survival aspects are pretty well balanced, and always being improved upon.You are going to establish a ""base"" or camp of sorts. Shelters, fires, walls, traps, gardens, resource management, and food storage all come into play here. There are quite a few creatable structures/devices already, and more are going to be added. Base creation takes time. You must gather resources to build things. Many people feel this is ""grindy"" but I enjoy it a lot. You will find yourself collecting rocks, sticks, logs from trees, leaves, and other objects and transporting them back to your base. This takes time, but seeing your base take shape feels extremely rewarding.Combat is a necessary part of the game. You are stuck on an island populated by cannibal tribes. Hungry cannibal tribes. There is so much to say for the AI in this game. They are already impressive and quirky and only getting better. The cannibals are currently broken into three tribes.Starving/Skinnies.  These cannibals are very thin/lanky, often naked and covered in blood. They are almost always hostile to the player and have even been seen killing and eating fellow cannibals. Often acting as scouts, it is common to see solo skinnies roaming the island. When they find something of interest (deforestation, foreign structures, you) they will often hide and observe for a while. When satisfied, they will run back to their camp and alert fellow cannibals. If they located your base, expect to see patrols coming and going from now on. Skinnies are the weakest of all the cannibals, but they are EXTREMELY fast and agile. It is very easy for skinnies to dodge your attacks and get behind you when in combat.Cannibals. The regular cannibals look like normal humans, with a few skin tones, often covered in dirt or decorations. They usually travel in groups of 2-4. They are not always hostile to the player, but it's always safer to assume they are. If they know your location it's common to see them roaming around the edges of your base. they are slower than skinnies but they usually carry clubs and hit much harder. They are prone to splitting up in combat, flanking and coming from behind the player.Cave Cannibals. Gray skinned aliens, basically. Stronger than regular cannibals but a bit slower. use the same tactics and skills as above.The AI is so awesome. They stalk you, they observe you, leave effigies outside your base (body parts on sticks) to mess with you, ambush you, scare you. You will find yourself fearing them, looking over your shoulder when doing even the simplest things. there are special varieties of mutants deep in the caves, but I'll leave that for you to discover.All in all this game is excellent. The core concept and foundation are very well done. The developers add more and more, and try to stay on top of glitches and bugs. More is being added and the game is only 14.99 on Steam. 10/10 for me, I love this game and would recommend it to anyone.EDIT:I have been playing this Multiplayer with a buddy of mine and it's amazing. This game is 10x better with a friend. We've had so much fun and I recommend anyone who enjoys it to try it with some friends. Beware though, the difficulty is increased for multiplayer. 11/10EDIT 2:I feel I need to take a moment to commend the Devs on this game. For a two man team (now 15-17 man team as the dev pointed out) they put an insane amount of work into this. There is an update timer on the main menu and anytime they go past the scheduled time, they always explain what happened and why. Every time they release an update there is always a hotfix for most of the new bugs the update causes within a day or two. This Dev team is literally a personification of what Early Access should be. They are such a great team and they really take the wishes of the community to heart. You will not regret the purchase, and these guys deserve support. Thank you to the Devs!"
,Recommended,242760,12876094,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,slak| Hunor,"The Forest is an experience unlike anything else you will find. In the 40+ hours I have put into it I have yet to be bored. There is always something to do, and there is always a pack of cannibals ready to drag you into their cave and make you their play thing.The Forest is in Alpha and there are bugs, But what you need to understand is unlike Day Z the developers for this game care about you the player and the game they are working so hard to make whole. The Devs actively take what the players say seriously and have continually given us what we want. I am not someone who actively supports Alpha / Beta releases if I have to pay for them, but The Forest deserves all the funding it can get.If there was ever a game to back this is it.10/10 and only getting better with each patch."
76561198108166283,Recommended,242760,17482231,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,GitGudM869,"Plane crash.Make small cabin.Realize I live next to a native town.I brushed it off.Murdered all of them, with a skull on a stick.Hanged their limbs on a drying rack.Ate them.Who is the real monster?10/10 would go insane again.NEW STORY.Turn off mutants.Plane Crash.Make walls around small penisula.Make custom cabin.Get modern axe.Survive for 12 days.Turn on mutants.Look behind me, just to find a mutant.Change clothes.10/10 would never go to sleep again (based on a true story)."
,Recommended,242760,32798624,Posted: 25 June,all,J4m13aN,"WHEN PLAYING ALONE:Get lost in an island with lack of food, water, and gears. Must find my missing son. Fight through abomination mutants. Live like it's your last day.WHEN PLAYING CO-OP:Lets build a treehouse!!"
,Recommended,242760,16162657,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MartinJ,"Found myself in a crashed plane in a forest on an abandoned island.I see a filthy, naked woman running around as if she were on bath salts.The woman starts attacking me and I kill her.I mutilate her body and eat all her limbs.Then I come home and start playing The Forest."
,Recommended,242760,10296433,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,excxpt,Got slapped to death by a angry female within the first five minutes of playing.10/10 - Will Die Again
,Recommended,242760,13004699,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Mr.Flux,"WARNING : This review is not for the faint of heart orfor children under the age of  18, you have been warneduncensored boobs10/10"
,Recommended,242760,15419409,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Horvla,Played like 45 minutes. Made a house. Made a bed in the house. I went to bed to sleep. Woke up with a guy looking down the window at me. Freaked out. Hit him with the axe. Died. TOOK HIS LEG. THREW IT AT HIS FRIEND. HIS FRIEND RAN AWAY.11/10
,Recommended,242760,10287649,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,neon,"even in early alpha stage the devs knew what was important. decapitating people, taking their limbs and beating other people with them. 10/10"
76561198014449077,Recommended,242760,10343436,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,,"I have spent the last 4 and a half days reading through ALL of the code, and I mean all 1500+ source files from 19 compiled binaries that came with the Alpha.While the engine, its systems and all the various functions across the entire game show that it is EXTREMELY early in the games development timeline (almost to the point you could say only-just-started). HOWEVER, and this is a really big HOWEVER, hence the caps. The different core functions that create the game (Physics, AI, Crafting, Environment, Survival, Graphics) are impressive in their construction. They have used some of the top add-ins for unity to speed up the games creation and improve the complexity of several core systems, and built on top of that base to create the alpha we are playing now. It is likely the integration of these systems so that they work together in unison is the reason for the initial release delays. Likely the graphical side.The bits we really care about, Items, AI, Crafting, Survival Mechanics and World interaction are all setup in such a way that adding new things, improving current stuff or replacing parts entirely is easy from a coding perspective, thanks to the methods they use to pass information and trigger functions across entities in the game world.Most of what we are experiencing in the Alpha is what I call place-holder code. Simple versions of what the function should do once it has been developed. Just enough code so that the function will not crash the game, or another function if it is called. SO MANY functions do not even have code written for them. They do nothing when or if they are even called.Some areas are of course further developed than others. Building structures and crafting is quite fleshed out fundamentally, the AI is all ready for family based societies and most of the complex roaming and searching code is not being used. Combat is not even their really. being able to collide with things and pass functions calls allows the simplistic fighting and moving we have in the game, and I seriously think this will be replaced entirely.My guess is that the first few patches will be stability and integration patches. These will improve the functions in the areas most reported and further integrate the different add-ins with their own code, and finally customizing those add-ins further to support the game they want to create. Further content, like additional craftables and buildables, and more complex AI (like family society) will probably not come until another patch or two has past. Depending on the assets they have ready now, and the complexity of how those are used in game, we will see a handful of craftables, items or buildings added in any patch, but big content will be later. We are likely to see movement, collision, combat and item interaction improve dramatically in the next two patches, as well as performance increases and general stability.I also assume that the integration of these add ins, and customizing them would be quite complex and time consuming. Working with other peoples code can be time consuming and unpredictable until you are as familiar with that code as you would be your own. These add-ins are not simple little modules, they are advanced highly developed and quite complex systems. As time passes, the dev's will get more and more familiar with the coding of these, and development speed will increase.I found no evidence (in my mind) that suggested any aspect of what they advertised was false or misleading as far as what the game is becoming. In fact the code suggests that the game is going to be a lot more than what we know already. There are some really cool things that just are not used or spoken of at all."
,Recommended,242760,24566017,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Chairman Meow,"This game just ticks all of the boxes for me.Games like Outlast force you to experience all the jumpscares. This goes for most games that belong to the horror genre. The Forest, however, is different. You can go the whole game without encountering any of the mutants and cannibals if you play your cards right. It's only when you let your guard down that you get ♥♥♥♥ed over. Nothing makes you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants quite like seeing the silhouette of a hunting party sprinting across a hill in the distance. I've woken up some mornings and really don't want to leave the safety of my tree house. No other game has given me that gut-wrenching feeling as to date. I feel as if i'm ♥♥♥♥ing playing Minecraft PvP all of again; holding down ""sneak"" for dear life and as not to get spotted. The AI in this game is fantastic. The cannibals will leave you alone for the first few days, watching your every move. As the game progresses they get more and more ballsy. The AI will test you to see how you respond. If you act fearful and run away they will see you as prey and you'll end up with more raiding parties visiting you. However, If you act aggresive then they will retreat only to return with an army that, no matter how powerful you are, you just wont be able to match. Staying neutral with the tribesmen requires maintaining eye contact, holding your ground and showing your strength. Gaining respect from the natives is crucial to your survival. I do have to poke some fun at the audio though. Whilst the atmospheric sounds are ♥♥♥♥ing on point, certain noises are just all over the ♥♥♥♥ing place. For example, when fighting a single cannibal it can sound like there are 3 more behind you when in reality there's not. Beating a native to a pulp is incredibly disorientating when screams from the same cannibal move from your left ear to your right ear even though the tribesman hasn't moved. Certain water sounds are also unbearably loud when compared to other ambient effects. Obviously the game is still in alpha and these issues will surely be resolved, but the game already feels incredibly polished already; I've yet to experience any sort of game-breaking bug.I've not played a game that made me giddy inside for quite a while. Therefor I highly reccomend ""The Forest"""
,Recommended,242760,10303221,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Daddy Damo,I experienced a plane crash 9/11
,Recommended,242760,19559585,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Thic,Finally got women chasing me around naked 10/10
76561198145288902,Recommended,242760,17403403,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Immu,"Day 1: The plane has crashed and my son has been taken from me. Finding my son is my number one priority but I am shaken up. Just what was that who took him? I take a few moments to collect myself and gather what I can from the plane. I then walk out of the plane only to find what once belonged to my fellow tennis players. All of their suitcases, all over the ground. I take what I can and leave the crash site. I notice night is approaching. I find a small cliff and set up a small shelter with a campfire. Before I get ready to sleep I hear something out in the Forest. Like . . . moment, lots of it. I keep one eye opened while I sleep tonight.Day 2: Morning is here and I am hungry. Outside my camp I found bushes with many berries that I can sustain myself with. After finishing these berries I am ready to start looking for my son. I don't know what is waiting for me out there but for his sake I will be brave. I spend the entire day searching. Hours of searching and nothing. I notice night is approaching and run to my camp. I feel as if I am being followed and do not want to be out here at night. Night is here and I just made it back to my camp. But . . . this night is different. There is a full moon out tonight and I see people. They are just standing there . . . watching . . . waiting . . . They do not get close to my camp tonight but I sleep with one eye open again.Day 3: Mere berries will not sustain me much longer. I am hungry . . . so very hungry . . . However, I cannot let something like hunger bother me. I must find my son. He must be so scared . . . so . . . alone . . . While searching for him I came across a deer in the Forest. Half mad with hunger I pulled out my hatchet, ran up to him and started swinging. I skinned the deer and wear its hide. I return to my camp with its meat and eat like a king tonight. It is good . . . so very good . . . Before I fell asleep I noticed the men in the Forest are here once again. They are getting closer to me each night.  I don't know what they want from me . . . I sleep tonight with both eyes open.Day 4: My son . . . my son . . . it has been days now and I am starting to lose hope. I don't think he could have survived this long on his own. I have not the energy to look for him either. I am tired . . . I am cold . . . I am alone . . . I sleep tonight with both eyes closed. After only getting 2 hours of sleep I wake up in the middle of the night to find 2 men within arms reach staring at me. I slowly reach for my hatchet . . . I grab it and start swinging. A blow to the head drops one of them while the other runs off. I am covered in blood. I do not sleep any more tonight.Day 5: My son is dead. I am sure of it. I will kill everything on this island. I spend the day preparing for what is to come. I hunt down lizards and wear their skin as armor. I drag their bodies to my camp, rip the flesh from their bones, and cook them in the fire. Night is approaching. I see about 7 people in the Forest. They are watching me . . . I do not sleep tonight . . . for I . . . am watching them . . .Day 6: I am ready. I do not need sleep anymore. I spend the day hunting down small groups of these . . . animals . . . I drag their bodies to my base one by one. A stack of bodies lie in front of me. I start hacking away at them. The arms, the legs, the head. Everything can be used. I mount their body parts on sticks to let all know that I am not to be messed with. The smell of blood and human flesh fills the Forest and my camp. Night is approaching. I don't see anyone. I sleep on their torsos tonight.Day 7: Hungry . . . Need food. I will hunt for food. In the Forest I find small group of men. I run in with hatchet in hand and kill them. All of them. I drag their bodies to base. Stack them up and chop them in to pieces. I cook these pieces and eat them. They are good . .. very very good .. . .Day 8: i am alone. .. i am enraged . .i  hungryy .... . found sleeping man in tent . dragged him to base.. ate him. he was goodDay 9: son, ware r you . son. .. .must be tasty . . . s-son .. . dont enter  … .. the Forest.............Day 10: ……7/7 Would go crazy and eat people again"
,Recommended,242760,26732592,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Predatoria,"I just purchased this game a few days ago.  While I haven't accrued too many hours yet, I will post a review of my experience so far.I've been very impressed so far with the building system in The Forest.  It reminds me of the system for base construction in Fallout 4 except implemented much better.  Placed structures usually mesh nicely with terrain and allow the user to place them almost anywhere, even on top of one another.  You can mesh walls into towers into supports and other structures well to make a continuous base without ugly gaps or places where objects fail to make good contact with uneven terrain.  I've had a lot of fun just building bases with friends.The atmosphere of the game is also well done.  You start stranded on an uncharted island, awakening after a plane crash.  As you explore the island further, you find all kinds of creepy and tortured corpses of other would-be survivors of the plane wreck.  The island is also inhabited by the cannibals, which are similar in appearance to the Forsworn in Skyrim.  There is also ambiance such as wild animals and nice graphics which make the island feel alive.  Night time is very dark and you're often equipped with a lighter or a torch for visibility.  Construction of permanent lamps for your base that never burn out using skulls of slain cannibals lets you create a very homey feeling base against the darkness of the night.  It gives nice atmosphere and feels like you're stranded in a forbidding forest.  If you really hate the night, you can sleep through it, but I enjoy it.The cannibals are a constant threat against survival and they seem to attack in larger and more powerful groups as you survive longer.  Some of them can even destroy some of your walls and structures.  I like this feature, as it feels like you're making a fort to hold against a siege rather than just purely for decoration.  Some of the more advanced enemy creatures are also really creepy looking and add to the atmosphere of The Forest and its mysterious island.  I have often wondered if these were the results of experimentation carried out on other survivors in some Frankensteinian lab or something below the surface.There's also a lot of areas to explore.  You find interesting and unique things located around the island the game is centered on, and there are caves to explore too.  I haven't gotten very deep into these caves yet.  The game also, while giving a good and large map to explore with many interesting places, provides means for avoiding getting lost.  Player nametags are always visible from any distance.  Your base will show up from any distance with a marker.  Lastly, you can place flags and beacons to mark places of interest.  These features make the game navigable.Control of the game is good.  It comes with a full set of keys to remap and adjusters for mouse sensitivity.  As a left-handed gamer, this was important to me.  There is also a wide array of graphics settings to change that get quite in-depth and customizable.  The game's sound is also good.  It has all the pieces in place to make a game enjoyable, and no major things are lacking in this regard.  It's also relatively bug free, especially given it's still early access.I would make one word of caution for this game, however.  It is a whole lot more fun with friends, and I'd recommend trying it out as a group instead of solo.  I feel that group play is immensely more fun than solo play.  I haven't tried to meet new friends on the game merely through its avenues, but it may prove difficult to network and create new friends in-game on your own as the options available are either solo play or co-op, which allows people to join the game if you invite them off your steam friends list.I recommend this game if you like survival games or enjoy games where you can build bases.  Both these aspects of The Forest are done very well."
76561197964636851,Recommended,242760,10294346,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,,"I started up the game thinking it was going to be another DayZ/Rust Survival game clone/wannabe.I was horribly horribly wrong.1st try: Started up, stayed at the airplane, got snatched up by the enemies, died.2nd: ran far away from the plane, accidently ran into a patrol of enemies3rd: found the beach, Started making a hut, Patrol saw the hut and ran into it, I was sleeping.4th: Found a beach, decided to wait and watch for patrol, found the patrol not too far away, but far enough away. Built a camp, survived a few nights while building up the camp, made some traps around the hut, expanded. Chopped down a tree without noticing a patrol nearby. They heard it, noticed the camp, ran at the camp. no one was in it, took the food in my fire and left. One stayed behind. I killed the one, next day hear a screech, ran behind a tree, watched the patrol that was there the night before race into the hut. They found their dead partner, screamed, and immedatly ran out in search of me. Fanned out running in every direction, one came across me behind a tree. I struck, he screeched and alerted his pals. I died taking down four of them.I havent encountered even half of the game yet, in the few hours I played I got immersed, horrified of every sound, and awed at the beauty of the forest and ocean. It's a great game already. Yeah it has it's bugs and problems, but it's an alpha. the important part is it's a great game from the beggining. It can only get better from here."
,Recommended,242760,13728316,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Grope Meister,Malaysia Airlines Simulator 201410/10
,Recommended,242760,23831318,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lavos,"The Forest isn't your run-of-the-mill early access survival game, not at all. The Forest outshines all of it's competitors, which is ironically amusing considering how dark this gem is. Enjoying this game with a friend or four is some of the most fun I've had playing recent games with pals, attemping to survive the cold, desperate nights with the constant intimidating growls and disheartening squeals of the mutant cannibal audiences gathering to watch your hopeless pantomime fall to pieces is thrilling, wild and funny as hell. When playing alone, that's when you experience the true fear this game does so well to conjure up, and you get a, to be expected, more polished singleplayer experience, so don't feel put-off if you don't have another soul to play with, I'd still highly recommend picking it up. The game is constantly being updated (as of 26/06/2016), with plently of exciting features being added and the very welcome bug fixes that make you forget you're playing an 'uncompleted' game. The enemies themselves, the cannibal hordes and hulking messes of mutated limbs all provide a fun and responsive combat experience, the 'things' you'll face in The Forest are truly disturbing, the half naked, starving, blood-covered cannibal women and the giant, baby-like belly-flopping mutants are nicely varied and each encounter leaves the adrenaline rushing and hands sweating, especially at the beginning of the game when you have nothing to defend your sorry self with but a cloth-covered rock and a walkietalkie. The Forest is a fairly well optimised, gritty and immersive true 'survival' horror experience that is well worth it's asking price, and in a sale? Bonus. Get it, for both a great singleplayer and a hilarious multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,242760,18198050,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,lakylog (✿ =‿‿=),"Explored a deep, dark cave until I saw some things that I didn't feel comfortable going near. Climbed back up to discover that it was night. Got 2 shotted by a sneaky mutant. Went back to my corpse to retreive some of my items, found him still standing there. Killed him and cut his head and limbs off. Carried his headless corpse to the closest mutant camp and dropped him there infront of his friends. Walked out while they just stood there and stared at me. Returned to my base and ate his legs.I can definitely see some potential in this game."
76561198190105642,Recommended,242760,26111496,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,cheng123,"其实中国玩家很喜欢这个游戏，但是因为游戏没有自带中文，所以导致好多人都在玩有中文的非正版；如果游戏开发者能增加中文选项我想可以大大提升游戏的销量In fact, China game player love this game, but because the game does not own Chinese, resulting in a lot of people are playing a Chinese non genuine; if the game developers can add Chinese options I think can greatly enhance the game sales"
76561198142761170,Recommended,242760,17950640,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Slipperyjim,"Guess it's about time I put my 2 cents in about this game. I'll keep it relatively short whilst trying to do it justice. Do I reccomend this game? Hell Yeah!Sure it's Early Access and there are little buggy things here and there getting worked out, but updates are pretty much every 2 weeks with hot patches daily if necessary. However the enviromental effects are superb and improving all the time. I have 250ish screenshots just because as you are playing the game you just say to yourself ""wow that looks amazingly realistic"" and bang goes your finger to the screenshot button. Although the storyline is still developing there is plenty to keep yourself occupied (it is a sandbox type experience with survival elements). You can experiment with building bases, or if you tire of that you can go walking/exploring/rescource gathering, or diving/swimming/rafting or even caving.  At the same time you must attempt to fight off the hungry/angry natives/cannabals/mutants or wildlife, and maintain your levels of hunger/thirst/heat and health (assuming that you are not disabling this via a cheat code/or you are playing solo and not multiplayer which obviously alters the experiance).As far as graphics go, obviously as I said earlier it's really good, but to further touch on this I have to say that the textures are sharp and clear and believable even when close up, and the effects such as looking in the water (objects move and distort with the motion just like real water) the wind blowing through the trees/grass etc make a truly immersive experiance. And of course the believability is further enhanced by the sounds of animals (incl bird songs at dawn) waterfalls and seaside/ocean sounds and falling leaves/crackling fires, and of course the spooky mutant calls/breathing and muttering noises that'll keep you on your toes ready to run/fight. Of course there are some placeholder effects here and there, but it is Early Access.So what do you have to lose for the current price? You would already get more hours of playtime than loads of fully content complete AAA titles and it's only going to get better. In fact it has the potential to become one of the best survival horror sandbox games ever.I rate 8/10 current, 11/10 expected!P.S. After curiously looking to see what some people give negative reviews for, I would say this...a.) You cannot do bugger all in this game in only a couple of hours, and if you are writing a review from that experiance, you are not qualified.b.) If you have trouble surviving or evading the cannabals or having your buildings destroyed, you need to improve your tactics and not blame the game, 1000's of others seem to manage ok (my current game is at day 37), that is not to say it is totally easy, it is a survival horror after all.....and gameplay balancing/AI etc is still being developed.c.) Glitches or bugs (wtf?) Do you not understand the concept of Early Access? Instead of critically reviewing the game, post your bugs and suggestions on the appropriate forums and help this game become the masterpiece it can be. And you're also moaning about what? $15, yet would pay $80-90 for a supposedly complete title of comparible next gen quality."
,Recommended,242760,14049187,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Skaidrojumi,+ Landed in a nudist colony+ Guy took my unwanted son+ Became a mass murderer within minutes+ Naming tennis balls Wilson and yelling at them#bestvacationever
76561198046346890,Recommended,242760,34878311,Posted: 11 September,all,Psikix,"Alright I've taken it upon myself to read through the negative reviews, and a recent one that stood out to me was that people found the main story to be quick, claiming to finish the game in an hour.Well firstly I want to ask, did you read up online what you needed to do and what items you needed? If so then don't complain that it was too easy.The developers have put across the objectives of the story in such a way that the character makes logical notes in their handbook, notes that everyday people would make, realistic. The game doesn't have bright flashing markers on where you should go, the map is great as it allows you to know where you haven't explored, but it doesn't tell you that you will find ""Useful Item"" here.I remember going all the way down the large pit, right down to a large door, only to realise I needed something to open the door, and such began my quest to find said item. But I remeber drowning to death, falling off rock faces and all experiences that told me I was mmissing something.Anyway, what I really wanted to say was that the story is not underwhelming, if you do it properly and not just read up online then it will keep you thinking and exploring for a decent amount of time, constantly having to go back to base to resupply on vital resources.For a game that's in alpha, the story still immerses you into this character that's just as lost as you are when you start the game, with the simple task of ""Find Timmy"". Excellent, realistic and emotional story that's worth doing."
76561198063792140,Recommended,242760,13221442,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Plumtree ツ,Instead of looking for my kid I made a gazebo 10/10
,Recommended,242760,10295705,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,romponu,"Started it up, played for about 5-10 min made a log cabin fire some walls and defenses. I went to sleep and woke up in the middle of the night with at least 12 men standing around me god knows what they did to me, My clothes were ripped off and my as* hurt like a mother fuc*er and they were all naked. I give this game 10/10 for virginity taking simulator"
,Recommended,242760,19842902,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Gaara @hellcase.com,"This game should be the new standard set for survival games. The first day begins gathering basic supplies: food, water, sticks, rocks, and setting up a basic shelter. It might even seem peaceful at first. Lonely, but peaceful. Then the cannibals arrive. Its the middle of the night, you wonder why sleeping only lasted through half the night as a leader and others in the night patrol encircle your pitifully undefended camp. This is one of the few games that forces you to flee in that situation, leaving everything behind. But then a new day comes! You harvest lumber, you hunt, and you build to survive. But beware, as your impact on the forest becomes more obvious, the cannibals bully you more and more.Truly a spectacular single player experience, and once more bugs are fixed, the same could be said for online play. The only reason this game isnt a perfect 10/10 is some annoying bugs, but it really does feel like a finished product to me, so final rating: 9/10"
76561198035562456,Recommended,242760,15062720,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Girthy Remorhaz,"Day One:Plane went down in the middle of a forest on a remote island. There were only three survivors: Myself, Anthony, and Josh. We gathered what supplies we could from the wreckage; food, cans, circuit boards, and a nifty axe. After grabbing everything we could carry, we made for the coast. I don't know what direction we went. Eventually we found ourselves on the beach. It started raining and we were all freezing. It was miserable. Night came, we huddled close together against a rocky outcropping, munching on snacks and downing sodas. We weren't the smarted when it came to nutrition.Day Two:The sun came up and warmed our bodies, it was the best feeling in the world! We discovered that we were actually quite good at chopping down trees with our tiny little axes. And the trees conveniently turned themselves into logs once chopped down. We had to chase them, as they tried to roll away very quickly. Even so, we discovered that we could carry TWO giant logs at a time! We put the Mountain from Game of Thrones to shame! And we also discovered that the plane crash gave us wonderful construction skills. We had a large cabin built fit for a ski resort in no time at all. And the most wonderful gift of all: FIRE!Day Three:Found berry bushes, good thing too, our food supplies are dwindling. NOTE: DISCOVERED THAT SAID BERRIES MADE US VOMIT UNCONTROLLABLY AND DID NOT MAKE US FEEL ANY BETTER. We set about looking for more food and fresh water sources. Anthony found a lizard and roasted that sucker over a fire. Tasted terrible but filled us up wonderfully. Josh spent an hour chasing a rabbit, ended up getting lost and we had to go searching. We found him hiding in a hole and screaming that we weren't alone on this island. Anthony and I just figured he was losing his damn mind. We eventually calmed him down and got him back to camp and had some more lizard meat. Still no fresh water though, still living off of sodas. We ended up building a large bonfire with logs and sticks but ultimately failed at lighting it. Oh well...Day Four:Early morning I awoke to find that Anthony was gone. Josh and I gathered a few things and went out searching. It felt like hours before his screams echoed through the forest. We rushed to the source but were intercepted by Anthony breaking through the brush like a mad man, urging us to turn around. We did, he wasn't normally one to overreact. Josh's sarcasm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. ""Now do you believe me?"" He had asked in a smug tone. I was still skeptical. Anthony was shook up bad, claiming he was abducted and taken to a cave full of half eaten humans and full of weird mutated cannibals. Whatever, these two are going nuts. I need to start planning on ways to get rid of them...Day Five:I was wrong! I WAS SO WRONG!!! These ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s came from the trees by the dozens! I had a bow with some arrouws but the damn thing was difficult to aim! I used up what I had and switched to my axe. That worked much better. These things are fast though! Josh ended up lobbing Molotovs at them and Anthony smacked them with a skull club he had made. We drove them off but suffered some nasty wounds. They'll be back, and next time we will be ready...Day Six:We weren't ready, halfway through building a defensive wall around the camp they came again. With many, many more. Anthony was taken down at the start, they mobbed him viciously. Josh♥♥♥♥♥♥himself and made for the water. I turned in time to see him devoured by a damn shark. What the hell is wrong with this place?! I am hiding inside the cabin we built, I hear the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s outside. Their screams and grunts will not allow me any sleep. I hope this isn't the end...Day Seven:I'm still alive. The cannibals are still out there, I hear them. Hell I can smell them. I dare not stick my head out the window to look. WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!? THEY MATERIALIZED THROUGH THE WALL!!! HEEELLLLLP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Recommend 10/10Would be killed by glitching cannibal again."
76561198039110977,Recommended,242760,18677047,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Whisp,"I highly recommend this game! not only is it graphicly stunning but so much attention to detail has been paid to the intricacies within the gameplay. The A.I. is great and has ironicly been the cause of some bad reviews because people simply haven't understood that the natives have so many different character traits and responses to your interaction with them. Sometimes you cause fear, sometimes intrigue, these natives don't act in a singular 'standard' manner. Your interaction with them and the habitat around you all contribute to the circumstances you will find yourself in.Early Access can be a minefield, I know, I have supported quite a few but I would like to point out that the developers of this game are the most hard working and dedicated team I have come across in the Early Access Genre. (If you don't believe me, go and check out their changelog for the last 12 months) As soon as you boot the game it will tell you when the next update is due (on average, every 28 days) and every update consists of a massive list of changes, fixes and tweaks.There is no good reason I can think of not to buy this game if you like the survival genre, it ticks more boxes than any other game of it's type. Even in its early access state it is fantastic!!11/10"
76561198022809531,Recommended,242760,28285850,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,willyloman,bought the game yesterday for 15 bucks.played 6 hoursbuilt a little compoundkilled some canibalsmade armor from their bones... now I'm a canibalgot dragged off to a cave where freak babies and spider-lady attacked me as I climbed up a rope for dear lifestill cant figure out how to make a bow and the damn lizards are a lot faster than they seem in the YT walkthrough vidswoke up this morning to watch news and couldn't stop thinking about The Forestnow I am heading back inwhat's not to like?best 15 bucks I have spent in a long time
,Recommended,242760,13025824,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Alvtron,"This game includes;- Naked cannibal tribe that tries to eat you.- Raining sharks, sticks and tree logs.- Caves under water without water.- Questioning skeleton fashion.- Throwable tennis balls.- An excessive amount of suicidal seagulls, entering no clip mode.- Soda and energy bars - the only resources you need for survival.- Corpses that explode into body parts if hit.- Disfigured mutant cannibals. No comment needed.- The possibillity to swim, using both arms, while carrying two heavy logs (with your third arm?).- Thundering weather during clear sky.- Floating ladders to treehouse.- Boos. Loads of boos.10/10 - Would kill seagulls again"
,Recommended,242760,10380651,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,The Galaxywalker,Touched mutant boobs. i like 11/10
,Recommended,242760,32197727,Posted: 5 June,all,Inz0mnia,"Short Review: I've finally completed The Forest storyline! That ending was a twist, there is way more to the game than you think or see!! It's amazing and unexpected, one of the best games I've played in a long time.I highly recommend this game! True Survival Horror at its best and an open world with a great story [with an ending] and it's still in Alpha!"
76561198104040378,Recommended,242760,15211309,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Pneumo,"Considering that its Alpha stage, its brilliant.The game itself at this stage, is well worth the money....There are many types of animal to prey on, kill, skin and eat/used to craft, so far ive seen lizards, deer, rabbits, fish, turtles, racoons, birds, and boar... of which, can be used to craft/cook....With headhphones on, the game is engaging and spooky, never knowing when you might be being spied upon or spotted by the enemy, the eery noise that alerts you when you've been seen or even if they.re suspicious.... ...some of them sound like 'Lord of The Rings' Smeegle on a bad day, ...sinister giggles... footsteps in the dark... O_____O...Sometimes the mustants/cannibals will back off and run away, but sometimes there will be a group of them (and i believe they communicate between groups with distance between them, however it may just be me making it up in my head through in game paranoia)...they will chase you, try to knock you out...to take you to their pitch black, damp and spooky cave, corpses hanging from the ceilings...       -of which you have to (try to) escape,sometimes seemingly impossible-to-navigate cave sections, with only a lighter of which to find your way out with... which occasionally goes out, only to be re lit, to sometimes come face to face withyour captors... ...and they dont give second chances once they've caught you.The lower than expected requirements needed to run it -(considering the amount of things going on/large array of plant and animal diversity and quantity -depending on your graphical option settings-as far as plantlife is concerned), i'd assume this is down to the ability of the developers/game engine...**CAUTION**For your first few hours i'd caution you all that, until you are completely familiar with the workings of the game, you should have been to the toilet before you sit down to play, because-(...and to note,  i'm not usually easily spooked)...-there is something about 'The Forest'- that makes it stand out from others within the same genre...The fluid/ slightly tactical movements made by the mutants,cannibals and animals, with their seemingly non standard boundaries of usual survival/openworld games, alongside the noises created by animals, yourself,the enemy or background noise, the fear of being found in the first few hours...Looking forward to future updates and (minor) bugfixes, well done to the developers."
76561198047601829,Recommended,242760,26089415,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Jamez,"Singleplayer-Hear scary sounds, look around like crazy, hear movement in the bushes, F@*K THIS S@1T and runs away from the tree I was trying to cut down. Hear them chasing me. Turn around get reckt.Multiplayer-Hear scary sounds, 4 man rush and we kill them all, run through the caves slaughtering them and using their bones we get from burning their corpses as armour.10/10 would cook more corpses"
,Recommended,242760,23403834,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Bootleg Froot Loops,"Absolutely terrific if you're into early access survival games and an absolutely terrific place to start if you're not. (TL;DR at bottom)While most would say the story mode sets it apart, it's GIGANTIC island environment, or the stunningly intelligent AI, I think what sets this game apart from others is the amount ofoptionsyou have.This is key for any survival game, yet most miss out on it. With Rust, for example, you can play solo but chances are you wont get anywhere past a 2x2 home before getting raided by a group or another solo player OR you could be in a massive group, build a massive base and be touched by practically no one except other massive groups.The Forest, however, has a plethora of options to choose from: you can live on land and fight off waves of mutants, move from temporary shelter to temporary shelter and hide from the mutants, build a house boat and live on the water, or just go on a rampage and hunt down every last mutant you find(they don't infinitely respawn) to claim the island yours.And the AI is simply the best I've ever seen(if I could buy this game once if it meant one other game gets AI as good or better than this, I would not stop buying this game) They are so unique they practically amplify your options: They don't know you exist when you start, giving you a chance to have different playing styles when encountering them.They are programmed to calculate and strategize, so if one of them sees your house and runs away, just know that your security needs to be amped up.The only things I complain about with the AI are that there are no projectile shooting mutants, which makes living on the water pretty damn OP if you don't have to return to the shore at all.Another thing is that there are tribes of these mutants that do fight each other and I feel that hasn't been used enough. I hope this game does get to the point where you can befriend tribes and rival others in both single player and co-op modes.TL;DR:PROS:-Super intelligent AI(even for early access)-Options and freedom(which most early access games miss out on)-Story mode(it's being worked on but still)CONS-Optimization(pretty much the plague of every early access game. You could  just run it on low memory mode but it looks horrible)-The need/lack of tribe mechanisms(I cannot stress this enough, this would be an amazing feature if you could join tribes, rival them, etc)Final rating 9.8/10 buy this game. If it's on sale DEFINITELY buy it"
,Recommended,242760,25250108,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Shrimp Sauce,"Better than No Man's Sky, and it's only a single island."
76561198039075807,Recommended,242760,10290311,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Crimson Milk,Died on Day 1 because I glitched out of the map and died. The dramatic music when it said I only survived one day was amazing. Love it already
76561198036159416,Recommended,242760,14467996,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Gambino,"My guy is black however, my arms are white.11/10 Racial Diversity."
,Recommended,242760,17696546,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,CrimZone,"The Forest is an amazing sandbox game that is inearly accessfull of mystery and thrill and as the name says you're in a forest.The things that i loved of this game and as others of its kind, is that you have to craft things to survive, since a small building up to a big fortress, find food / fire / water to survive another day.But isn't all, you're not alone here:The story begins when your plane crash and lands in an island, a naked cannibal (or a native from the forest) takes your son and you have to find him (but it's on early access and there is not campaign yet) and you have to survive and defend from the cannibals and the mutants from the forest, finding secrets about what happened in the island and weapons to survive, these are the story points.Now the facts of the game makes it an unique experience, apart from the story:- The craft system is small but good.- There are only a few animals (deers, birds, boars, turtles,etc.) not much as there is in real forests.- The 50% of the time that you spend on this game is chopping trees- You can make your custom buildings- The cannibals / mutants come from nowhere to ruin your day / buildings. You have to combat them- The graphics look quite amazing- And as this game still in Alpha version it has some bugs, but these devs works on it on coming updates quickly. Each update is full of cool thingsThe Forest is one of the best open world / survival games that i have, i'm 100% sure to recommend this game for you if you want to have fun, or get some jumpscareLooking forward to seeing where the game goesIf you have enjoyed this review, please consider to follow ourCurator pageThis review was written for :The Panda's Corner"
76561197986955769,Recommended,242760,19113962,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Bloody Spy!,"THE MOST IMMERSIVE GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED(multiplayer thoughts, and update comments at the bottom)I've been gaming for over 30 years and I've never experienced anything quite as special as The Forest is.Very quickly, you're the lone survivor of a plane crash on an unknown island and your task is to find and rescue your kidnapped son - okay, maybe the devs lied about you being the only survivor of that crash.To do this you have to craft, build, explore, defend yourself, and survive long enough to track him down before the local cannibals figure out he's their equivalent of nice juicy veal steak. Yum yum.PROSEnvironment/Atmosphere/Mood- Very nice graphics. The flora of the woodland - from the grass and ferns to the tallest trees, and pretty much everything in between - transports you away to a rustic, lush green island and thoroughly immerses you there.- Truly pitch black conditions at night (apart from when the moon is out) and in caves. THIS is what Skyrim should have been. Navigating at night is difficult and very dangerous. Do you just sleep through the night or press on with your work?- The best caves and cave exploration I've ever seen in a game. The general design for them is great, and you truly do get a sense of clautrophobia that hightens the tension of an already scary game. Some of the caves are very long too so you have to make sure you're thoroughly prepared before you dare disappear into the blackness.- The wind blows through the forest, pushing all the leaves and bushes and creating wonderful rustling sounds all around you. You must experience it to feel how atmospheric it is!- The distant running of underground streams and the dripping of water from the ceiling create a wonderful sense of being deep in an ancient cave. The sound effects are truly great.- I was chasing a raccoon with a spear and it jumped up onto a tree and ran up the trunk to the top. How cool is that? I wasn't expecting that and it surprised me immensely (in a good way).- The best inventory system in a game I've ever seen. All your items are laid out on a sheet of tarp as if you've just emptied out your rucksack onto the ground. You can then place different items in the centre area to try and combine them into new things. This is an excellent crafting system, as you have to experiment to find out what will combine to produce what.- The cannibals make some truly disturbing noises, especially when they're asleep in the caves.Combat- Very satisfying first person combat with melee and ranged weapons, molotovs and even DIY explosives. Everything you could possibly need to get rid of those pesky cannibals.- You can craft and lay traps to capture or kill the cannibals. Just place them on the ground and then sit back to enjoy the view.Survival- Excellent survival experience. You'll have to become very good at chasing fast rabbits if you don't want to starve to death. You'll also need to be looking out permanently for sources of fresh water - I almost died of thirst during my first in-game day. Other factors to take into consideration are the cold and succumbing to illness/infection. Although these last two still appear to be in development at the time of writing.Gameplay- A free building system (similar to that in Rust) that allows you to build pretty much any kind of base you'd like.- You can build an Ewok village in the trees! :D- A survival game with a story and end game scenario quest. Moreover, not just any story; but one you will care about and will want to work towards completing. You will want to survive, adapt, and rescue your kidnapped son.- Lumberjacking is a strangely satisfying and soothing experience.- The devs have meticulously hand-crafted a large island with unique places to discover (No procedural generation here!). You really will have to work to discover quite a few of the hidden things in caves and in amongst the dense foliage above ground.Extra Info- VERY polished for an early access title.- Great value for money at the current asking price. I would have happily paid 2 or 3 times as much - even in its current state.- Very stable for early access. I've experienced only a few minor issues.CONS- It's still only in early access stage :'(- Objects that you can pick up (sticks and rocks for crafting) glow and flash - this truly does break the immersion. Please give us the option to turn this off!- Combat still lags and jerks, and also freezes for a second (this seems to be most obvious when a cannibal jumps at you). This is frustrating because you lose the flow of the fight and you'll have to spin your character around desperately looking for your attacker before they hit you from some completely unsuspected angle.- Occasionally, a cannibal will hit you and you'll go flying 100 feet into the air. The punch won't kill you, but the fall sure will.***Multiplayer Review Update***Personally, I prefer the forest in single player mode, as it gives you that true feeling of isolation on a hostile island. But multiplayer, with up to 8 people, is very enjoyable. It's definitely easier, as you can fight the cannibals together (3 of us took down a group of 5 of them very quickly) and building is much quicker. With extra pairs of hands you can build elaborate structures rather quickly.There are some bugs, however, e.g. sounds and certain textures not working/triggering properly. These seem to occur when your CoOp partners are interacting with the environment and enemies. I think it must be because of some sort of lack of synchronisation between the server and players.I've deliberately kept this part of the review short, sorry, but mulitplayer is definitely recommended. Especially if you have some good friends to run around and hack and slash with :)***10th December 2015 UPDATE***After this latest update your actions in the environment really seem to affect whether the cannibals can find you.I lit a fire (just as an experiment) and then ran away to a safe distance. Sure enough, one minute later I can see an enemy running around my makeshift camp clearly searching for who or what built it.I also started lumberjacking in a remote area - again as an experiment. Five trees later, and one stump destroyed with an explosive, and there were loads of them just flocking to where I'd been working! That put me in a lot of danger, and in the end all I could do was run away to safety, abandoning what could have been my new home.The Forest just keeps getting better and better! :)If you'd like to know more, especially about multiplayer, feel free to leave questions below and I'll get back to you.If you didn't find this helpful, do let me know why - thanks :)"
,Recommended,242760,14134196,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Hysteria,"The Forest is currently not 100% completed, so it leaves a lot to be desired. There's nothing worse than playing an open world, exploration game and seeing there is an area that is not yet available. The crafting and building aspect of the game is very fun and the learning curve is very quick to figure out. The Cannibals are very realistic and diverse in the way they approach you, and each of them have their own unique way of dealing with you as well. I like the fact that when you do die, you have a chance of waking up in an underground hold, which is either lightly guarded or not at all. But your health is severely reduced along with your hunger pains, but you do keep all of your crafted weapons, medicine, food etc. I'm not sure if this is right or not, but when my health is depleted and have armor left I usually end up alive in one of the underground camps. The ""Calm Mode"" is okay I guess for people that want to use it as a building simulator, but there just isn't enough content to keep me interested or entertained without having the Cannibals as company. You are able to use ""Calm Mode"" as a crutch, so that you can set up your whole camp to a tee; and then use it in regular mode with the Cannibals with a huge advantage, if you wish. The atmosphere and constant weather changes are very nice to look at as well.  So I have mixed feelings about this game. The positives outweigh the negatives for me, but I will say that this game is not for everyone, especially if you crave constant action, or a narrative."
76561197999461083,Recommended,242760,10292450,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Smalltown,"Turned around from cutting a tree, was surrounded by six dudes in war paint, pooped myself in fear. 10/10, will continue to play."
,Recommended,242760,21218562,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Hi Nigerrr ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"It's a really engaging game you can play at your own pace. For me it's very therapeutic.Chop some wood, gather some rocks. Mix plants to make medicine and make food. Grow seeds.Deforest the area, kill the natives, chop op their bodies and display it with countless effigies, use their bones as a fence, use their skulls as lamps.Really all around very calming game, would definetly reccomend."
,Recommended,242760,10338865,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,CStiffy,killed an iguana and wore its skin. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,34206225,Posted: 12 August,all,Jarrizard,"Jarrizard's pros and cons review+ Constantly getting updated+ Mind-blowing story+ Decent graphics+ Fun multiplayer+ Built-in voice chat+ Dedicated servers+ Mod support+ The game is now in 64-bit from the last update, less fps issues+ Unrealistic (but fresh) inventory experience- Restrictions on free-building- Minor bug and glitches- Not much to be done after endgame- Poor distribution of resources around the map and can easily be abused- No customization for characters- Bad respawn system for both cannibals and animals, you can either be too safe or at too much risk- Survival game but, survival is the least of your worriesEnd of Review"
76561198042009649,Recommended,242760,31139561,Posted: 14 April,all,Lewis2014,"#HonestReviews - For ""The Forest (2014)"". [NO SPOILERS]Overall Rating: 8.6 Excellent!Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Audio: 9/10Content: 7/10Multiplayer: 8/10Price: 10/10---------------------------GRAPHICS - 9/10:---------------------------The graphics for this game in my opinion is outstanding for the genre and game type it's specifically refering to. In everygame, there is always room for improvement, but for my understanding I think the graphics on this game are just fantastic. Everything works togethwer well.----------------------------------------------------------GAMEPLAY & PERFORMANCE - 9/10:----------------------------------------------------------The gameplay in this game works really well, it's smooth and fairly optimized, however, I am running 2 GTX 1080s Superclocked, so other's performance may vary. But overall, the performace is fine. The overall gameplay is amazing and has a lot to offer.-------------------AUDIO- 9/10:-------------------The audio in this game likie most games are good. It's just what you'd expect it to be, realistic, and just pure amazingness!--------------------------CONTENT - 7/10:--------------------------For the content of this game I am not as happy with as everything else. The game at this current stage is in Alpha and I expect to see more content released in the near future, however, the game has been in Alpha for quite a while which is disappointing - Like some games that have Alpha for over 4-5 years and release small fixes and patches every few months. This game however as far as I have seen release patches every 2 weeks.The story of this game and end game looks to be unfinished and has been improving since it's early release of the game. I hope to see improvement here too. In my opinion, at this stage it felt a bit 'rushed' to me when I completed the game.It seems that after you've played a few hours of the game that there is not much else to do after building a base and completing the game. Playing Solo can be a bit boring and repetitive as you constantly knock down trees for hours to get the required materials you need in order to complete the things you make.The building in the game is amazing though, simple and easy to use, but you are limited to what you can build as in my opinion again, the lack of items is annoying; it seems like there is not much to build other than a house, walls around it and some light source, of course; you have your decorations etc, but I feel this is a BIG area that needs to be improved.---------------------------------MULTIPLAYER - 9/10:---------------------------------The multiplayer on this game works really well, however, you may experience some bugs and glitches. In addition, there are mods for the game that people can easily abuse and use to ruin games and the fun that people have. The multiplayer works really well and smooth compared to other games like this, I think this game has a great multiplayer setup.The devs have worked hard in fixes loads of issues with multiplayer and single player. But I've ntoiced the differences and I can tell you the game is just getting better and better.Note: At the time of this Review... The devs are currently working on getting dedicated servers for the game which I think will be even better although it's amazing as it is.---------------------PRICE- 10/10:---------------------All I can say is the price is good for what the game has to offer. This may change in the future though.---------------------Overall, you should buy this game if you like Survival Horror Building games. The game seems to be improving rapidly, so expect more fun!Thanks for reading,#HonestReview by Lewis2014.Notes: If you woul like more detailed honest reviews on this or any other games I have, please contact me.---------------------"
,Recommended,242760,25300954,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,LittleRage,"I could write a little story about any number of awesome situations this game will throw at you. But I don't feel like it truely explains what you will be buying.Here is what this game offers:Pretty graphics - The game looks awesome,from watching the sunrise because you finally got a break from the night raiding parties to watching the sun disappear knowing things go bump in the night and every moment inbetween is beautiful.Focused crafting - Everything has a purpose or is planned to have a purpose..even the little things like cutting up a cannibal and showcasing him in your yard will upset his buddies.Active devs - I've never seen another EA project match their dedication. On the home menu, it literally has a countdown timer for the upcoming patch. These devs actually give themselves a deadline so they don't lose focus and they use that time to give meaningful updates and minor changes. They listen to their customers. I've seen them add features, tweak features and remove features based on feedback. Your opinion matters here.True horror - Players have put hundreds of hours into the forest, explored every inch of the island, built a fortress and slayed hundreds of cannibals...yet still refuse to leave their base at night or dive deeper into the caves unless they're stuffed with flares and explosives. There is an element of fear in this game that you never really get used to. Things lurk in the shadows, make unnerving sounds, harass you at night, sneak up on you during the day and drag you into the dark when they win.A story - Son gets nabbed, theres a door in a hole. Right now, the story is still in the works and I expect it will be all the way up to release. but, little things are released here and there that really  make you want more.Building - Matched with a horror atmosphere, this is done really well. You build with wood, sticks and stones. You can lay a blueprint for a pre-built structure or build something unique piece by piece. You can build in the tree tops or out in the ocean..both have their positives and negatives. Building a base will keep out the night but there is no promise of safety as things can still find a way in.Truely, a game I love."
,Recommended,242760,10288488,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Game Over Man,In Rust you get killed by men with no pants.In The Forest you get killed by women with no shirts.11/10Running very smooth.  Looks and feels great.  This is a must get for any survivalist gamer
76561198148143952,Recommended,242760,28286857,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,LAYGO_mi_NAYGRO,"There is this problem, games start in alpha, copy someone else's idea and then they have the nerve to charge you almost 30 bucks to help them make the game suck less then it does, that is if they even plan on getting it out of alpha. Lucky for us, The Forest is none of that crap.I have owned this game since it came out, based on a recommendation of a friend, and I do not regret buying this one. The game looks great for starters. The graphics are somewhere in between a Unity game and a AAA title release. The sounds are fine. No music unless you choose to play it with the in game Walkman so it is very immersive. The fact that your enemy is cannibles and not something worn out like zombies or Russians brings new elements to the game. Tons of options to build and craft. Day/night system as well as weather. There is an ultimate goal, but they are adding the story elements as they go so for now it is mostly a sandbox survival game. The best part has to be playing online with your friends and all the silly stuff that can happen like messing around on the walkie-talkie or stepping on a turtle shell and being launched into the air. They even give you updates as to when the next patch is coming so you feel involved in the development (they even listen to your feedback).TL;DR:Survival crafting game where you fight off cannibles. Still in alpha yet there is high hopes. Tons of fun for single and multiplayer."
76561198027591269,Recommended,242760,10325535,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,(TK) chimar8,Beat a naked man to death with his friends leg. 10/10
76561198009072377,Recommended,242760,32029135,Posted: 28 May,all,Trigger_this,I've been gaming for 15+ years... and I have never written a review... this very well could be my last review ever as well... What a great game for only 15 dollars. Easily worth 40 bucks if not more.Has multiplayer...Has a Storyline...Many many hours to find everything in this game.Suspenseful fun whether you above ground or under it.
76561198282901278,Recommended,242760,30669379,Posted: 22 March,all,kingxraven,"$15...... $15 goddamn dollars guys. Who can't scrape together $15 to play one of the single greatest survival games on the market. Not only is the gameplay truely terrifyingly splendid, with cannibal packs roaming the land and evil creatures lurking in the caves. Not only does the storyline grip you, especially at the end, and make you question yourself morally. And not only does this game have the single greatest base building system mechanics I've ever experienced. It's also only $15 dollars. Just buy the game it's the price of a movie in the theaters and will gain you many more hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,242760,17692529,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Eerie Eric,">Play with friends>We start off in the middle of a tribe>Peaceful at first>Then one lunges at me>The war begins>We wreck the natives each time they send new forces our way>Make a huge base in the middle of theirs>One my friends begins ""collecting teeth"" from natives>In turn we became the natives and the natives became the victims>server crashes10/10 would bash in skulls for teeth again."
76561198236303334,Recommended,242760,23385232,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,☕,Finally got women chasing me around naked..Usually you have to pay much more than this for naked people to surround your house.10/10
,Recommended,242760,15164058,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Clader,"Great game! A few jump scares here and there, along with tense moments. The developers are ALWAYS making progress by adding new things, fixing what is already there, and has a deadline and pushes themselves to meet it!"
,Recommended,242760,20065955,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,lucifer6o1,"This game is pants pee-ingly good, but good luck trying to get your friends to play it with you after watching the trailer (believe me, I've tried).The thing I like most is that there's absolutely no way to avoid the monsters. I've tried swimming to the middle of the lake during the night -- it rained and my character began to get hypothermic. I tried building my shelter on an island -- I kept running out of food and fire tinder and eventually sharks began appearing in the surrounding water and the mutants were waiting for me on the shore. I tried to build my shelter on a mountain -- they got suspicious after I was picking too many blueberries.The AI in this game is incredible. The only way I can manage to escape them is to build a new shelter made of sticks every day, but then the game loses its horror aspect and becomes a scavenging game (not a bad thing, imo).The only downside to this game is that I'm too scared to play it normally. I've tried building a log cabin, but I got a bit chickened out after groups of 4 of them started appearing and their legs multiplied .. so there's that.This is the only game to have scared me other than Amnesia and Exmortis, so needless to say, I am impressed :)10/10 would press 'esc' key again"
76561197992820695,Recommended,242760,13769627,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jums,"Saw I could build a cool treehouse, got excited, forgot I had a son.........."
,Recommended,242760,10287921,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,4th,"JUNE 4TH, 2015 UPDATE: The game is very polished at this point with a few bugs here and there. I highly recommend playing it with a friend too although multiplayer can be somewhat laggy sometimes. Fantastic game with great devs who care about the game and haven't let up since release.NOVEMBER 1ST UPDATE: This game is what early access games should be. Since my last update they have piled on gigabites of patches and the game is fully playable and optimised. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys survival games, but beware, do not expect to survive long. This game is hard and if you don't play smart, you will die within the first day. I'd now give the game a 8.5/10.JUNE 16TH UPDATE: The devs for the game just optimised the absolute crap out of this game. I have gone from getting 15 fps on maximum graphics to a steady 50 fps on maximum. Before the game was terribly optimised and would lag, even on the lowest settings, now it feels literally like it looks in the trailer! Fantastic job dev team! You guys are awesome!ORIGINAL RELEASE REVIEW: After playing 10 hours of this game, I can safely say that this is going to be one of the best survival games you could likely ever ask for. It is missing a lot of things and game isn't really stable right now, but this game is going to be amazing, mark my words. If you want to get in early, spend the 15 dollars to help the devs because it's going to be between 30-45 dollars when it is released.If you're after a Minecraft/Rust/DayZ experience with a side of horror, you will enjoy this when it's finished I guarantee.I'd give this game a 7/10 as of the very first release. I've been following the 4 man dev team for The Forest for nearly 2 years now and I honestly expect great things from this game."
,Recommended,242760,13071978,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Deadli,"Day 1: I woke up in a wrecked plane after a naked man with no genitals stole my child,I'm gonna have my revenge!Day 2: Started to chop down all the trees on the island so they can't climb on them and build treehouses,that will make them sad and jelous of my skill.Day 27: I finnaly chopped down all the trees,maybe I'l make a treehouse now...oh wait.Day 28 : I got killed by a giant tenticle monster,it's like a fetish,in real life!Day 29 : I woke up in a cave,I almost got molested by a tentacle monster again,but it ran away once it saw my small genitals.Day 30 : I accidentaly fell in the water and got eaten alive by sharks.You can also see boobs.10/10"
76561198055112134,Recommended,242760,10296205,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Seinen11,"Spawned in killed some hippies, cooked some rabbit flew in the air and died10/10"
,Recommended,242760,12363746,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,TnB|C|MotherFuckinBuddha,"WARNING:I'm only recommending this game because of the direction it's going, it's awesome developers, and it's very high promise.PROS:- Very awesome concept, lots of promise, great developers that give great updates about the progress of the game.- Cheap investment with potentially high returns of a $30-$50 game.- Very cool plot, reminds me of Bioshock (even a similar intro sequence) but you're stuck in a forest with a bunch of 28 Days Later style zombies/monsters- Crafting system is easy, awesome, and very useful for when you find a safe place to settle- The gathering/hunting/inventory/survival aspects are all very realistic and fun to do, unlike Rust.- Very gorgeous game for it's level of developmentCONS:- The save feature is atrocious. Had to start over several times and got so annoyed I've stopped playing.- The enemies are very easy to kill, not scary at all, and far and few between. Not at all like the trailer and getting attacked is a rarity. Making setting traps feel useless.- It's basis of survival is very easy to achieve. Took me about 3-4 hours to have a log cabin, a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of traps, wood/sticks stockpiled, and a wall all around my area. I think I was attacked maybe twice over the entire time and it was by singular enemies.- Zero objectives. The intro makes it out like you're gonna try and find your child while fending off this enemy horde and trying to survive on this remote island but there's literally nothing to do. I got so bored that I explored the entire island, collected all the pages of my survival book, attacked large mobs of the weird people with only an axe and lived.- Physics are off. I'll walk into a random zombie encampment and the tables and chairs will randomly shoot straight into the air. When I chop down trees the logs explode and I'll have to chase them down.CONCLUSION:If you got the money and the patience, go ahead and buy it; even if you don't plan on installing it for awhile. It's got a lot right going for it. A few bugs that are easy to work out and some difficulty/objective issues to smooth out but other than that it's a great game for being in just alpha. The developers give frequent updates on the game that make it easy to follow even if you don't decide to install it just yet. I feel like my money is actually going toward a great project with this game instead of others I've invested in that turned crap (Rust, Nether, etc.)"
76561197980572246,Recommended,242760,19854170,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Keyzer-F,"I clearly remember when i bought this game, it was back at V 0.06, and i believe the game had just implemented co-op.Like litterally a week before, i remember this beacuse after looking at trailers, and everything ( the game already had me there ) , i wanted to know why thoose 10 percent or whatever, had given this game a bad review.Now alot of times it might be beacuse of a bug, but sometimes you find that one guy inbetween, who actually tells you 100 percent complete review of the game, and even tho he likes it , it still made it to the negative in the end.This game however, only had bad reviews beacuse of people who didnt understand the diffrence between ""Pre-alpha"" and a game like World of Warcraft.enough said, i'm here to tell you about my experience.As i said before, i started playing this game at 0.06, this means that the game was a complete mess.i remember bugs we had like unlimited wood, and the log sled that flew up in the air, but never returned back down again.But that doesn't matter, me and my brother had lots of fun exploiting the game after we had our fun running through the caves.The thing is, even tho the game was so unbelievably glitchy, that at times you wanted to punch a child, the game itself astounded me and my friends.I remember the very first day, i was looking more at the details of the tree and leafs and how my axe was chopping into this tree, almost like it was surgecly removing the tree as it was supposed to irl. ( a bit faster, but if you wanna do it like real life, i suggest you go out and do it, in real life)That same day, my brother asked me do you get damage if the tree falls into your head ? i smiled a bit, and told him sure why not, thinking to myself that a game like this wouldnt do that.But not only have you done this, you have taken my breath away countless times now.I keep relogging every now and then, and read your updates to see what's new, and whenever i see something that i REALLY need to do, i get the crew back and we build, expand and explore !This is propably one of the best well though and well designed games, i've seen in a while.The passion theese guys have for the game is amazing.again and again they take our breath away with survival aspects, not like any other game.Atleticism, custom buildings, ramps and a roof above your head.Constant upgrades to the game that you just can't complain about.Not only do they have what you think should be here, but the research is so good, that they are doing stuff i never even thought about myself.Turtles, use their shield for water collector,Rabbits, use their skin to collect berries,Deer's, well let's make a water pouchI won't spoil to much, but i like that everything that is in the game, is there not only for being watched at, beacuse god the graphics are beautiful, but they also have a purpose.So if you look away from the glitchy buggy stuff, that all of us (gamers), know can and should be in Pre-alpha, let's look at the game and give that some grades.First the graphics :This is an easy one, the graphics is 10 out of 10, again there is unpolished areas, but the trees beeing cut into, cannibals and the island itself is an absolutely amazing place, it is almost like wonderland, and this game will surpass alot of the other ones out there once it's done.Second the Audio and the mood of the game :I had to add that beacuse thoose two are one and same, without the other they won't do.Again they've nailed it, from crazy thunder, to water dropping down from the ceiling in caves, or crazy screams throughout the night, this game sets the mood for you, not vice versa.that's another 10 out of 10Now on this one i was trying to figure out something, beacuse we can't give a game grades on what it has, when it is developing everything it has, so sadly for thoose pessimist out there, this is going to be for how good they are at developing their game.Which After being here for 24 updates i have to say, they'r doing better than H1Z1 and HoTS by far !So ""The forest"" gets 30/30 !BUT THAT BEING SAID:This is a game still in development, DON'T expect a fully polished game, where there is no errors or bugs."
76561198214634459,Recommended,242760,24646957,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Koingstiger,"Day 0: book flight with Malaysia AirlinesDay 1: Maylasia Airlines ""lands"" on forest islandDay 2: Meets NativesDay 3: Natives not welcomingDay 4: Discovered how to improve native weponsDay 5: no longer survival this is now COLONIZATION!!Day 6: Builds city- deforestation is realDay 7: Built wall to keep ilegal immigrants out of my city10/10 would make the forest great again"
,Recommended,242760,10289581,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Donatello,some dude sole my fugly kid 10/10
,Recommended,242760,20137997,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,pain meat,"naked women surround my house and abduct me into their tribe caves, killed one of them and cut their leg off, then proceeded to beat her friends to death with her leg10/10"
76561197984202379,Recommended,242760,16376254,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Goobs,"Very few games of this type deliver like The Forest has.This has to be one of the few games that can give goosebumps and make me squeal like a little girl, no matter how many hours I put into it.The enemy AI is magnificent. At first you might see a cannibal acting curiously around you; following you around, yet keeping a safe distance. After a little bit they will test you... Maybe hit you once, then run away to see how you react. Another interesting example, is when I encountered a couple of them surrounding a corpse. They seemed to be very protective of it, running in circles around it, as to say ""This is mine. Stay away"". After a little bit of playing around with them to see how they would react, I found myself surrounded by several more and mauled in a territorial dispute. Another awesome feature in the AI is that you can go many days laying low, without them even knowing of your presence, while if one spots you near your base, they will come back later in a larger group to investigate, marking the area with effigies to warn others of your presence.Night time is absolutely terrifying before you establish a solid defensive base.  Even then, while remaining undetected, there are warring tribes fighting amongst themselves throughout the night.Overall, I highly recommend this game. If you are a fan of survival or horror games, you owe it to yourself to check this one out!"
76561198201926579,Recommended,242760,22410562,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Opa,Honestly suprised NASA hasn't found me with all the logs i'm sending to space while trying to building my house
,Recommended,242760,13241759,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,IamTheSpy!,This is a good MH-370 malaysian airlines simulator.10/10 IGN
76561198003476696,Recommended,242760,18978187,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,DrFluffy,I can't believe how far this game has come.  The developers are dedicated and it just keeps on getting better.  My pal and I had a blast playing co-op and trying to survive while avoiding or engaging the violent natives.  We had and continue to have a blast.  I can only see a bright future for this survival game and recommend it if you enjoy survival and playing with friends.
,Recommended,242760,10467707,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,็,A cannibal sprinted out of the woods and punched me once. I flew away and died.10/10 would fly again.
,Recommended,242760,13048244,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,rat sandwich,I CAN SEE MY FEET YES YES YES!!
,Recommended,242760,12931332,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Capital Gains Max,"I chopped a tree down, and a chunk of log flew towards me at breakneck speed. I caught it and felt like a total badass.Then my front door shot me into the sky and I died on impact with the ground.9/10  very enjoyable"
76561198076314293,Recommended,242760,12907980,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DisasterRising,Killed a man and beat his friends to death with his foot.10/10 Would foot again.
,Recommended,242760,10294987,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,alpha,2spooky4me
,Recommended,242760,10291844,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,flazhr,"make campfires, chop wood, gather sticks, build shelters, drink booze, kill indians10/10 would survive again"
,Recommended,242760,14937561,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Ogad,"The Good (as of v14):- Open World, Semi-Sandbox- Full survival features: thirst, hunger, hypothermia, sleep, infection, etc- In depth crafting: trees can be cut down, plants harvested, animals hunted, weapons ugraded. etc- Homebase: Can build a variety of structures, including a home/fort- Highly intelligent enemy AI- Beautiful Graphics- Addictive and engagingThe Bad:- No crosshair.  This makes aiming with projectile weapons extremely difficult.  This is compounded by the fact that obtaining the materials to craft/find said projectile weapons is time consuming and arduous enough on its own.  So you can imagine the irritation one gets when you think you are throwing a molotov or shooting a bow/fare at the enemy, but instead it veers off in a completely different direction.Suggested solution:  Have a crosshair appear as soon as a projectile weapon is equiped.  Or, at the very least, allow a crosshair to be toggled on or off in the options menu.- Lack of motivation to keep surviving.  Reason 1, no quests or direction.  There needs to be a driving force behind the survival.  Otherwise once you've built a fort and explored and collected everything (which isnt much) the game is simply, eat - drink - sleep - mess with cannibals - repeat.  Which get boring fast.   Reason 2, very little possible items to find.  There needs to be at least 4 or 5 times more variety of items to find/craft and weapons to be found.  If there is no story to drive me to the play the game, then there needs to be the promise of an abundace of rare, hidden loot to drive me to keep exploring and surviving against the elements and cannibals.  Right now, there is simply a miniscule amount of this.  There are literally only 2 clubs, 3 axes (which are very weak against enemies, oddly enough), a stick, a rock, a weak sauce stick-spear, a molotov, weak-sauce bow, and flare gun.  And the melee weapons all do very similar damage amounts.  Also, like I mentioned before, the projectile weapons are almost impossible to use without a crosshair.- The island is not large enough.  We either need an island about 3 or 4 times larger, or multiple islands/areas we can explore.  Another solution would be to have the island seed be completely randomly generated on each new game.  Not just have the pieces of it be re-arranged each time you start a new game (like it is now).- The cannibals take WAY TOO MANY HITS to kill.  If realism is what they are going for, I shouldn't have to hit a cannibal in the head with a hand axe over 8 times to kill it.  The cannibals should go down with half the hits it currently takes.  Conversely, if it takes me 8 hits to kill an unarmored cannibal with a hand axe, then why does it take a cannibal only 2 or 3 hits with their club (or just 3 or 4 with their bare hands) to kill an unarmored player?  That makes no sense.- There are far too many bugs with the traps you can make.  Particularly the noose trap and birthday trap.  Cannibals who get caught in the noose bug out and spin in giant loops around the map.  And cannibals that get stuck in the birthday trap appear to be dead, but when you reset the trap and try to retrieve the corpse, they either come back to life, or change into a completely different cannibal and start attacking you.Final thoughts:I completely recommened this game as a low cost early access title.  You'll get a good 10-20 hours out of it until you run out of stuff to do.  However, I cannot justify paying any more for it at the time of its release unless they add much more content and address some of the issues I mentioned.  But, if they do fix what I mentioned, this game has the potential to rival the popularity of Skyrim/Minecraft."
,Recommended,242760,10579438,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AcidSnot,"Took my son on vacation here and it was so much fun! The natives are friendly, and the weather is always perfect. Lets not forget about all of the cool sites to see, especially in the caves! Definitely going to come back as soon as I can!10/10"
,Recommended,242760,25721415,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Yung_Freez,I beat a baby to death with it's mother's severed leg.10/10
,Recommended,242760,33528997,Posted: 13 July,all,mvincent17781,"I can't recommend this game enough. If you like horror games, it's great. If you like crafting survival games, it's great. If you like co-op games, it's great. If you like all of those, it's amazing."
,Recommended,242760,20495372,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,vonDassendorf,"This is one of the best survival games out there, no doubt about it.The first time I played this game I spent the first night scared out of my mind surrounded by cannibals trying to eat me! Never been so scared by a game, or movie for that mather. Slowly I learned how to survive the first nights and how to build a quite decent life. This is a beautiful and fun game and all other survival games should learn from it! It got an unique feel to it that is hard to put in words.Over time there has been added alot more features, heck when I first bought this game you could only build a basic shelter and firepit. And the intromovie was just a demonstration with bad graphics and animations. But the developers have really made progress and added alot of content since then! I'm really excited for the future!I have to admit I don't play it very often and when I do it's in short bursts(its been more than the 6.3 hours that steam is showing tho). But everytime I come back to check out the progress I always get positivly surprised!My only question is WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS TOMMY?"
,Recommended,242760,18907792,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,edward.hunter,"It tastes like chicken.  Well, after a while at least.  How long has it been dearest Margaret?  Today in the woods I found the bracelet I gave you in Nantucket.  I hope you don't mind I had to eat your arm to get it, but we'll get to that in a moment.After the crash I searched for you everywhere and I did run into...some people.  They proved a bit of a nuisance at first, what with the dragging me through the woods and hanging me upside down in their cave.  How rude, and to think they don't even have a valet.  I'll never get the stains out of my shirt.The first few days were indeed a bit daunting, I'll grant you that Ole Margie.  Covered in blood for one thing, and another, I awoke to find I'd spilt scotch all over my brand new knickers!  Ah well, C'est la vie non?  Anywhoo, I got out of that dreadful plane, of course after relieving it of any useful supplies, and right away found the luggage - yours and mine!  Why, I rather didn't expect to find our bags after a safe landing in Monaco, let alone here in this dreary place.Well, Margo, you know me.  Mummy & Dad didn't pay good money for finishing school for me to be some boorish land-groper, no my dear, right off I set about to a bit of exploriing.  I'd found this trusty axe you see, ah, liberated from the chest of that lovely air waitress, what was her name again?  Oh bother, I can't recall - still the same problems with the old bean eh?So I found this lovely handbook, and in it's pages I found the key to suriving here on this most unusual island.  As I said, the first few nights were indeed a bit terrifying, natives howling in the night, pangs of thirst and hunger gnawing at my stomach, why, one of these primatives actually screamed at me - and naked as the day they were born I tell you!  I gave them the old once over with the trusty axe and they settled right down I tell you that.A few days later and I'd managed to build myself a small walled enclave, I fitted it proper with some traps, a firepit, Margie it was perfectly prehistoric!  I'd eaten most of the energy bars I'd found in the luggage, and gone through most of the pop.  I eyed the booze, but really thirst wasn't my biggest threat, it was the dreadfully low energy from not having had a decent meal.  That savage I, hee, well rather savaged days earlier was a bit ripe, but as I was dragging it across my compound I must have dragged part of its hand through my fire...What a curiously delightful aroma!  Oh Margo, for a Pinot or even a nice tart Bordeaux!  Ahem, a left bank varietal of course my dear, let's not throw all civility away?  Anyway, soon after that my problems were solved!  I hummed and sang as I whacked away - a bit more loin?  Why yes, I do believe so, and is there any of that lovely kidney left?When I finally found your bracelet dear Margaret, I was well on my way to how would you say cannibalinary greatness, so I do hope you don't mind - mixed in with some chicory and a pinch of Aloe, you could swear you were back in Hastings, missing only the bread pudding!I must sign off now dear Margie, it's been lovely talking to your skull and thank you again for sitting so fiercely atop of this stick, it's been fantastic warding off those beastly savages!  Though in truth, the sounds in the forest get louder and closer every day, and I could swear I spotted some large misshapen thing stomping through the underbrush.Ah well problems for another day - I hear a scream which can only mean my neighbors have come calling again!  As usual, I'll invite them, ahem, for dinner as it were.  They will decline in that awful gutteral way they do but...I'm afraid I'll have to insist.  I'd be crazy not to.(**Seriously perhaps the best survival game there is and I've been playing less than 24 hours.  True anxiety, realisim, fear and triumph!  And really, after a while, you can't tell it isn't Chicken...**)GREAT JOB GUYS, 5 STARS!"
76561198024508391,Recommended,242760,13513560,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MasterBeaty,Built a wall around my homeLol at them trying to come insidePut fires in the wallLol at them dying from the fireThey glitch through the wallThey Lol at me dying10/10
,Recommended,242760,15003026,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Vigerzz™,"(Just a note that this game is still in alpha so alot of this review may become reduntant as the game progresses)Visuals / ProgrammingI've had the Forest for a while now, the first thing I would like to say is that this game looks amazing, the textures are nice (Where the scenery is completed) the animations are nice and it just looks superb, it also seems fairly easy to run as far as I can tell in terms of performance.Now the game may look amazing but unfortunately at times I find the movement a bit dated for want of a better word.  The   hit detection seems to be somewhat lacking on the smaller objects and there is a large ammount of bugs which is to be expected for a game in it's alpha.  At this time the map is not complete and i do admit feels rather small once explored which takes maybe an hour, this would not be so much of an issue for me if they made these areas less accessible ( For example walking into a cave which seems to go on forever only to find it leads nowhere only to find yourself falling through the map.) Apart from this and some rather incomplete structures and tools the creation seems rather fluid so far.MusicThe music is amazing, it really feels like you are there hearing what the player hears, the effects all sound really solid and realistic, and the screams from the Cannibals are just chilling. It makes for some really intense moments.GameplayThe forest is a horror survival game wherein you are crashed on an island inhabited by Cannibles and mutants, the key is to well ...survive. You will have to scavenge around the map for crafting materials where you can then proceed to build a range of shelters, traps and storage Etc. The building system is really nice and the structures look good in environment, (give or take a couple).  There are a variety of supplies and debris from previous inhabitants and the plane crash scattered around the island generally containing crucial items for you. The one thing I dislike about this is the lack of variety, once found there is no challenge to find the items again.The Cannibals have scattered villages strewn across the island, with totems and effigies marking patrol routes, I personally found the Ai really good in this game, they will circle you; retreat; patrol; and even give the illusion of planning attacks. They are one of the best features of the game and hopefully more will be added to the villages as they are really empty right now and some future developement could prove very interesting.When killed you will be transported to a cave system which can sometimes be infested with Cannibals or mutants which seem to only exist in the caves for now. It's a nice mechanic, like a second chance to escape and survive without losing straightaway, the notion being that after being beaten you were dragged into the Cannibals ""nest"". The only problem I have currently is that the cave systems all look incredibly similar and lots do not have a clear exit. (Which may be interpreted as a part second chance) But personally I found it downright frustrating at times.MulitplayerRecently added was a multiplayer feature, really nice addition but feels badly incomplete, player models look clunky and animation is not done well as of yet. No real objective means that there can be a lack of things to do, and too many players makes the game way too easy. Nice is the fact that a large ammount of players can join a single server, although brought down by the small map size.ConclusionGraphics 8.5/10 - Looks amazing but Areas not complete, or textures too repetitive.Music 8/10 - Really immersive and rich sounds, unfortunately lacks variety after a while.Gameplay 6.5/10  - Very nice Ai , If you build away from the designated patrol areas you simply won't see any cannibals, Some bugs with combat and deathMultiplayer 5/10 - Nice that it has been added, sorely lacking in completion, models are glitchy and look bad, game does not incorporate for different levels of peopleThanks for readingHope it helped, If i missed anything or if you don't agree on anything please feel free to let me know"
76561198096110017,Recommended,242760,20506160,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Jop,Just like real life florida
,Recommended,242760,16526338,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fartbox,"The Forest brings the survival genre into a new light, it's visually beautiful and when night falls you'll struggle to not get on edge.It's currently still in alpha but it does have the potential to become one of the big titles within the genre.Pros:-Graphics are nice.-Map (recently) became quite big.-Tons of caves to explore with ''easter eggs.''-Crafting system is pretty straightforward.Cons:-Glitchy and buggy at times, it is alpha..-Gameplay does get a bit linear after 10+ hours.-No story.>UPDATED<After several more hours of gameplay i'd like to update my review.The game is still in alpha, which goes to show how much the developers are planning to add. They seem to be very dedicated to making the experience as good as possible, glitches are far fewer and there's constantly patches with new content.The co-op system is better now than before, but still needs work.Still a solidly fun game that I constantly revisit. Best survival i've played yet."
76561198144408498,Recommended,242760,15796676,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Yodalayheehoo,Built a camp. Got attacked by some crazy b*tch.Chopped off her head. Speared it in front of my camp.Now they don't attack me anymore.10/10Gonna make a boat house now
,Recommended,242760,16390791,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mister Mudd,"You're walking in the woods, there's no one around and your phone is dead.Out of the corner of your eye you spot him,Shia LaBeouf.Actual. Cannibal. Shia Labeouf."
,Recommended,242760,31373581,Posted: 26 April,all,ZoDexNL,"Review The ForestIn this review, I will be covering: Graphics, Gameplay, Audio, Multiplayer and Price.Graphics 10/10Let's start 1 year ago when I first started playing this game on my other account. I was able to run game at low setting with 30 fps. Now 1 year later the devs have really worked hard on the graphics especially optimization. Now I am running on High settings with a solid 60 fps using the system I used 1 year ago.It is not just the optimization that is great but also the looks of it has really been improved.Gameplay 9/10The gameplay is in my opinion very good, it has also been improved since I was playing the game. It runs very smooth and it is great to control your character. The only downside is shooting arrows and trowing spears, This is in my opinion very hard or still bad optimized.Audio 10/10I can't say very much about it because I turn my music always at 0% and overall game sounds very low otherwise I won't hear my friends talking on Teamspeak. But overall it is great.Multiplayer 8/10They just have released dedicated servers which is great but it still works very very bad. They confirmed this and they say they will work on it to make it better so now I can't really judge about it.The co-op works perfectly fine tho.Price 10/10The price of this game is only €14,99 (And $16.99 in dollar) in my opinion this is a great price for such a great game. I would say it is almost to cheap.Thank you for taking your time and reading my review over The Forest!Edit: Price"
76561198060772231,Recommended,242760,13761445,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Antsaboe,Finally got women chasing me around naked 10/10
76561198112476795,Recommended,242760,12604365,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,cocaine,"This Is a very good game. If you're looking for a good, emmersive storyline, or a quality, finished game, come back later. The game is an alpha, but i've played many alphas, and this is the most hard-working, fastest alpha I HAVE EVER SEEN. This game is much better than rust. If survival games are your type of game, this one is for you. If not, you probably shouldn't buy it right now. There are many bugs and errors and crashes, but this is such a good game that i'm willing to deal with it. It is also addictive for a survival game (imagine that). The game also splashes a little bit of horror in there (that you can choose to keep or take out with no enemies mode) that also keeps the game interesting. With each update, the game gets better and better. 9/10. Totally Reccommend"
,Recommended,242760,32835549,Posted: 26 June,all,MrJakeSnake,"One of my favorite survival games. After 2+ years of playing this and seeing it go from its humble beginnings to where it is now, I've got to give it to the developers for doing an awesome job. If you're debating about whether or not to get this game: just do it. You'll have no regrets and will enjoy the experience to its fullest."
,Recommended,242760,10289224,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,MrPoontang15,Great Potential! Can't wait for Co-op cause I'mn a huge wimp and need help
76561198050435303,Recommended,242760,12392697,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Kinkeadus,"This game is very tense.  My first try I looted the luggage from the airplane I was on that crashed.  I encountered a primitive that quickly ran off.  I began gathering lumber to try to make a shelter, however, I noticed another primitive.  This made me cautious so I became hyper vigilant, always looking over my shoulder.  The next thing I knew there was some sort of hunting party of primitives chasing after me.  I ran for a while until I found a beach.  Out in the ocean there was a boat.  I was starving so I figured I'd see if maybe there was some food.  What I found were sharks.  They ate me.  My next try I gathered supplies again from the wrecked aircraft and then took off.  I ran for a while until I found a small island out in the middle of a lake.  I set up camp there and painstakingly constructed a shelter while swimming to and fro from the island to the shore to gather lumber.  There's blueberries on the island so that's what I've been eating.  I seem to be outside of the primitives' territory.  For now, I'll stay on Blueberry Island until I figure what I should do next.  However, the clear and present threat of death persists.  It's only a waiting game now..."
,Recommended,242760,17104802,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,FvckboiiABUELO,"The Forest a new horror survival game that in the daytime seems so great and delightful but once it turns night is a creepy game that you struggle to survive in. Although it's still in alpha it gets updates very often and is getting better with every update.Pros:-Graphics are nice.-Map is pretty large now.-Tons of caves and villages to explore.-Crafting system is easy to get.-Creepy atmosphere.Cons:-Bugs like hell, but it is in alpha.-Gameplay gets repetitive after 10 hours.-Not much of a story."
,Recommended,242760,10425169,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,discount memes™,has more birds than any other game ever madebirds/10
,Recommended,242760,16073333,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ComradeWinston,"You are a lumberjack, your flight out of Lumberjack Ville has been shot down by cannibals. It is your duty to deforest the whole countryside, kill the cannibals, and perhaps eat them if you can't be bothered to chase deer or pick berries. There are also caves, full of monsterous things that you sadly cannot eat."
,Recommended,242760,29756084,Posted: 6 February,all,Liggy,"I've been following this game since it got greenlit on Steam. The description sold me and when I bought it and played for the first time, I just knew it'd get better. That's exactly what happened too, this game is fantastic! It's obviously still in alpha stage, but unlike some others, this game actually plays right and has a story added.Anyways, the gameplay is fun. You have your basic survival needs, but this game really nails it. They added a whole new system to rely on and it definitely works. The enemies are pretty advanced, they will stalk you and attack on sight if needed. You will be battled by bigger enemies as you keep killing. Things will get intense, even if you have a full gear going.The basebuilding is fun, you can build some really cool stuff. You can also build beneficial stuff as well that can help you out in numerous ways. Traps to secure your base, or traps to capture food. It all works, stuff may be a little buggy but again, it still works.Multiplayer works good, it was broken when first introduced however it has shaped up pretty nicely since then.I highly recommend this game at the state it's in. If it peaks your interest, don't be afraid to check The Forest out!9/10"
,Recommended,242760,26167285,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,momo,Olum ağaç ev yapıyom yamyamlar aşağıdan am görmüş eşek gibi bakıyolar aq
76561198081046028,Recommended,242760,18755746,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ShakeAbake,-going on holiday-plane crashes-find the adventure you're always wanted-try the local crusine-join in with local tribes-explore the cave system-chop down a tree-die10/10 would go to canada
,Recommended,242760,25161562,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,peanut,"So... You crashed your plane. You absolute ♥♥♥♥ up... Well atleast you have your son... No you don't he's gone too... What do you do? Well you grab the axe out of that womens stomach and eat all the food on the plane and get going to find your son. First you need to establish a base. Build up them walls nice and high so the Mutants won't get to you... Well except for the one with like 100 Arms but don't worry about that. Then you need to find the keycards.. Adventure to a cave, find the place where bones are everywhere. Dodge that guy with 100 arms and there will be a dead person with a keycard. Grab that♥♥♥♥♥♥and get out of there. Ok you got everything you need. See that deep hole? Go down it. Yeah right down in there. There is a big man made door. Open it with the keycard.""You can't do that yet""""Why?""""Its not added in.""""Ah ♥♥♥♥""""Besides this is a review not a guide""""Oh....""The Forest, a place of Cannibal Mutants with no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ run around surviving and beating the wild with all your strength. With you being a famous survivor and Timmy, your son, being a dumbass, you can conquer The Forest... With endless updates (Really updates are like every 2 weeks its awesome). Just play with a friend because that ♥♥♥♥♥ scary. Spooky♥♥♥♥♥cannibal mutants tryin' to kill you.Hope this review helped. Buy this game because its good."
,Recommended,242760,13692178,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Zim,">Bought Game>Installed>New Game>Start Making House>Yay, I'm a lumberjack  :)>Turn around>1000 Cannibals>nope.jpg>RUN RUN RUN>Dead....>Respawn in a cave>Take out lighter, start exploring>See more cannibals>*Blocks* I'm invinsible!>Tries to attack one of them *unblocks*>Dead>DAYS SURVIVED: 010/10, would get captured by cannibals again."
,Recommended,242760,11487866,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ye man,"Got hit by a cannibal,flew across the map,landed in water,got eaten alive by a shark. 11/10"
,Recommended,242760,14721792,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Lobokonk,"About 5 hours into the game so far, time for a first review (updates will follow) as this game really deserves one :)I read a few reviews and watched several Let's Plays as I was hesitant to buy another Early Access game and being so very used to buying games on sale I felt like the full price of 15€ might be too much... now I must say the very positive reviews were all correct and I would gladly pay full price again! Even FULL price like 50€ or so.Sure, there are still some minor alpha bugs, but I've honestly seen released games (at 50€) that had way more problems! And nothing game breaking here, mostly glitches, lighting or stuff that still has to be added.Pros / What I like/love about The Forest:- Freedom! This really feels like an open world in which YOU decide what to do.- Adventure! Really feels like you're out there, lost in the wilderness, trying to make it through the nights and building shelters, collecting rain water, hunting small animals, exploring, washing off the blood/dirt to avoid infections etc.- Beauty of nature! I didn't expect it at first, but the game looks awesome! Finally we have a ""real"" forest that is dense, thick, populated, immersive, green, overgrown, realistic, scary and dark at night etc.- Gameplay! It's smooth and feels good! Really fun to play and good accessibility!- Coop and Single Player! This game and the terror of being lost and alone may work best at Single Player, but I LOVE to have the option to play with my friends!- Sense of achievement: Making it through the nights and slowly building an encampment, adding your little habitable space to that harsh forest is great fun. Really feels like that's your part of the woods now, your hunting grounds! But still scary at night sometimes! ;)- Immersion! It's like I'm really out there on an adventure in the wilderness. This game must be great with Oculus Rift or sth. similar! :)- Details: You can feel Endnight's love for details when you chop down a tree and it really falls and isn't just added to your inventory or when you open said inventory and your backpack is spread out on a blanket on the ground in front of you etc.Cons:Might become too easy over time? Don't know but it doesn't feel as brutal as other survival games (just played The Long Dark e.g., which isn't nearly as much fun, but way more challenging). For some people this may not be a Con but a Pro, but it feels a bit too easy too get food, potable water, to deal with the cold etc. I'll have to keep an eye on that. On the other hand this increases accessibility and lowers your frustration levels ;)Alright, I'll add more to this review later on. Check it out yourself, it's a great game already with more features being added on a regular basis! Unbelievable that this is done by only 4 people... Very often feels like an AAA-title.Definitely recommended!This is the survival / building / open world game I've been waiting for! :)"
,Not Recommended,242760,18936196,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mookie the cow,"I tried to like this game, I really did. I cannot recall the last time I was so excited to purchase a PC title. $15 for this beautiful game? How could I not buy it? 90% rating on Steam? How could I not buy it? Recently added multiplayer mode? How could I not buy it? An open world game with survival and horror elements? That's right up my alley! Unfortunately sometimes we as humans become enamored with items that are hyped and advertised heavily. Often times we might even suffer from buyer's remorse. I'm not going to bash the developers or ""trash this game."" I just want to throw out my honest ideas and feelings about this game.The game really is visually stunning. I can only think of a handful of EA games that can compare. Shader details are good and the attention to detail is extremely impressive. Game mechanics are buttery smooth and make for an enjoyable gameplay experience. Interacting with objects is quite nice and just in general has a realistic feel to it. Optimization (for me anyway) is quite good. I get decent framerate while having the game on max settings. No one is going to dispute the graphics, mechanics or optimization for this game.But can a game thrive simply by giving you solid graphics, mechanics and optimization? Unfortunately for The Forest, it just doesn't have a whole lot more to offer. Crafting and gathering gets repetitive quite fast and the balance of thirst/hunger is just bad. I feel like my player is constantly hungry or thirsty or just doesn't have any stamina left despite eating large quantities of food. The balance of combat is also leaves a lot to be desired. Hitting a mutant can take 10, 11, or 12 times just to kill it. I'm hit 3 or 4 times and I'm dead. It's so unbalanced and needs a whole makeover IMHO. Speaking of mutants, there are just so many of them it gets overly frustrating trying to battle 5 or 6 at a time. It just really takes away from the game knowing you have zero chance of surviving against that many mutants. My biggest problem with the game is that it just lacks content, direction, creativity and variety. This game has been out for just over 18 months and while updates are released, they seem to be for only minor things (bugs and hot fixes). There doesn't seem to be any sense of urgency from the devs for map expansion, character customization, new weapons/tools, missions, enemies, or the like. The game just feels bland, boring and seriously lacking in creativity. That's the most frustrating thing to me. They have this beautiful game but they just don't seem to know what to do next. I've only played for ~3 hours and I'm pretty certain I've done everything there is to do in this game. This shouldn't happen IMHO. Give us more to do, give us customization, give us a sense of purpose, give us more to explore, give us more crafting and base building options. Keep the players more interested and engaged with the game. Adding more content and a reason to keep playing will ultimately make or break this game. I'm not recommending The Forest in its current state, but I would be more than happy to change my tune if and when the ball gets rolling on the creative end of things.I will definitely appreciate the likes. If you disagree with me, please comment and tell me why. I'm an adult and have no problem having civil conversations. I feel like thumbing my review down and explaining why could actually be helpful in the overall development of this game moving forward. Thanks everyone for taking the time to read my review."
,Recommended,242760,13839440,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Steve,It's a very great start for something I hope evolves into a stellar product!
,Recommended,242760,10383519,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ayahuasca,"Day 1:Needed to make HutCarried Trees like RussianBuilt ShelterMade Fire*hears squeel*Naked lady chases me (unrealistic)Tries beating me to death (realistic)I kill her with axe (realistic)She explodes sending me flying down a mountain (realistic)Found myself in a cave where men and naked woman proceded to hail me and sacrifice me to the ducks69/10 would play againDay 2:I see my son freaking out while i calmly crashNaked lady (probably my ex, idk was drunk) steals sonI start looting plane cus who needs the sonI walk aroundTrees shatter from me looking at them (#MadGainzBrah)Find a desserted village*hears weird sound and turns around**♥♥♥♥♥ pants*Sees millions that have spawnedRuns to lake""Sorry, This are is not part of alpha""*turns and runs*Woman outruns meBeats me with club (Realistic)DiesWakes up in cavesneaks aroundfinds exitruns into 150000000000000000000000000000000000000 of mutantsDies""YOU HAVE SURVIVED 1 DAYzzzzzzzzzzzzzz""666/1 Would play again"
,Recommended,242760,16663555,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mr.SmittyWerbenYagerManJensen,Paranoia Simulator 2015. Now with Trees.
,Recommended,242760,13765817,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,keeg,"Cannibals burnt down my shelter, so I killed one of them and used his leg to simotaiously beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the rest of them.                I'm dead now.10/10"
76561198125686999,Recommended,242760,23576547,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Crusty Shleem,Thought I was going to get a girlfriend when a femal cannibal followed me back to my house.  She ended up sending her boyfriend to kill me. 10/10
76561198071485927,Recommended,242760,10297751,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Niroda,"Day - 1I awaken dazzed and bloodied quickly scavenging things around the crash site, i can hear howls and screams getting closer. I grab all i can and run in to the woods, the lanescape is so full of wildlife, but i hear a strange sound to my right so i decide to to investigate. When what evers making the noise comes into sight through the tree line i can see 3 tribesman all crouched in a circle, i choose to push forward to get a better look. I am as close as i can get and i am shocked, the 3 tribesman are EATING SOMEONE. Theres another close to them with a skull mounted on a stick above his head just watching, i think he's the captin. I'd better leave, im in no position to fight 4 men with just a axe.Night has fallen and i have almost contructed a basic shelter, it's starting to rain I should build a fire to cook the meat i've hunted. i continue to chop wood when i hear a new strange sound behind me, I turn instantly to check it out and theres a tribesman just stood there. Watching me, he says nothing he does nothing we stand for about a minute staring at each other locked in this gaze. Suddenly he howls turns and runs, i pick up leaves to wipe my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself).Day - 2Since i was discovered theres been alot more patrols around my camp it's becoming increasinly hard to gather precious resources, but i press on starting to see if i can start on a cabin when i hear a scream in the distance. It sounds like a womens in trouble, against my better judgement i go to seek out the source of this skin scrawling screech. I heard it again i am getting closer, i come to a clearing and decide to duck down behind the tree's to check the area out. I can see a total of 6 tribesman 4 in a pack and 2 wandering (appeared to be anyway), when all of a sudden i see the captin arch his back and let out a bellowing scream (the same i heard that made me investigate).♥♥♥♥♥♥it's a trap! I turn to escape before i am seen but my fears have already been realised, theres a tribes-woman behind me, god knows how long she was there but as soon as she knows i've seen her she turns and runs. I run in the oposite direction but it's to late, I'm being hunted! I take a breather to eat to recover stamina and i have a quick look to see if their still on my trail but i can't see much. I can see a single light in the distance well out of reach, it's the captin looking for me then all of a sudden i hear a loud THUD. I frantically turn in every direction to see what it was but theres nothing there...HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THEIR IN THE TREE'S3 men drop down around me and instantly signal the captin, theres no more running it's now or never. we all start hacking at each other franticly, i need to drop one before the captin closes in. I manage to kill one and wound another, but before i could finish him a tribes-woman appeared from the bushes to drag him away. I still have two of these ♥♥♥♥ers trying to cave my head in i can't afford to turn my back to chase, I'm about to die, the captin is unscathed and the grunt is so close to death when i knock him down. I instantly raise my axe when (CRUNCH) i am dead.Day - ???I awake in a cave in complete darkness, i use my lighter to check where i am when to my horror i discover i am in some sort of meat gathering chamber. Theres bodies handing from the ceiling everywhere, atleast 40 all dismembered differently. The floor is littered with the body parts of previous victims, How long have they been here? There wasn't many people on the plane, no where near enough for this. I check my inventory and to my supprise i still have all my gear not that i have much that can help. It's to quiet nothing but the sound of water drops, after a quick search i find the exit and a flare gun THIS SHOULD HELP! Ii have to crouch low to leave this cave and follow this route. It's never ending cave expansion after expansion limbs after limbs when will this end! I start to hear a new a very ♥♥♥♥ing freaky sound from the next opening, Luckily theres ambeinent light coming from a pool of water so i switch my light off. I can see something in the distance and it's big, I tread closer at a snails pace around the slight corner to get a better look only to find theres another 2 meteres away.I am unsure if they can see me or let alone at all so i decide to get the ♥♥♥♥ outta dodge and make a dash for the exit, i can see light and i've been going through room after room i have to be close to the surface! I make it to the next section without them noticing but it's not getting any better. the light turned out to be a fire, a fire being used be at least 12 of the grunts and women. Bricks were♥♥♥♥♥♥ I make a dash for the exit (or atleast what appeared to be) OH MY GOD as i run crouch run through the space to escape i notice teeth dangling from strings. I don't have time to look i have to get out and now, as i am escaping i come into more rooms like the last filled with more grunts. it feels like im being chased by the entire tribe and i dare not look back. I finally come to the surface, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥down with rain and pitch black i can use this to my advantage and escape through the tree line stopping for nothing.I escaped with my life for now....10/10 i know this is not a review but i wanted to share my first experience with the game and i am so impressed.£10.99 well spent i look forward to content updates"
,Recommended,242760,29370113,Posted: 19 January,all,Blast Cat,"Amazing. Terrifying, but still amazing. I played this game through many long hours with 2 of my friends. I just finished the game, and I feel compelled to tell you all to play through this game. It's a great game to play through with some close friends. It keeps the game scary without making you want to shut it down and cry. If you are reading this review thinking of purchasing it, do it. It's bloody, gruesome, and amazing. The ending they developed is just perfect. They couldn't of done a better job than they did in that department.I'll be sleeping with a light on tonight."
,Recommended,242760,29982194,Posted: 17 February,all,TALI'MIRAH,"*A MUST BUY GAME! This is one of the best survival horror I've ever played!Altho it's still in development but it gets better and better in every patch adding more content, improving the survival horror experience and making it challenging!You don't like surviving while there is enemies? Easy, you can play without them and enjoy the amazing graphics :)Scared of dying alone? There is a coop and you get to die with your friends.*Is there a story? Or you are just trying to sruvive?Well, this game has the best story ever while trying to find your son Timmy, you will discover the secrets of the forest and ofc everything happens for a reason ;) I recommand playing the story because ithas the most shocking plot twist ever"
,Recommended,242760,12665730,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ok,I had no idea you could use teeth as a weapon upgrade.
76561198008352705,Recommended,242760,10313525,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,El Jammy Sammy S Dubs,The Forest- Bear Grylls: Prepare to Die Edition10/10
,Recommended,242760,30327171,Posted: 4 March,all,DrWarde,"Hi, go buy this game.Pros:-Caring devs-Enjoyable combat, with depth and options, there isn't one best weapon (arguably)-Fun creepy dungeons-Map isnt too big, or too small-Timer for every update!!!-Many unique gameplay mechanics (invnetory, crafting, energy meter, loot, and more)-Very enjoyable in coop and soloCons:-Hackers are common, but managable-content updates come pretty slow-Torches burn out really fast ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,242760,15414144,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,BRT Cobra,watching this game evolve month after month is amazing and shows what good developers endknight games are.they always keep us informed respond to most problems with an hotfix with in a day its just amazing how hard they work on this title.cant wait to see the end product and look forward to the next update.just ordered a 7.1 headset too cant wait to play this game using that :)Remember folks the unity 5 update is just the first pass all bugs created by unity 5 will be updated and the engine will get tweaked and tweaked :)
76561198232022532,Recommended,242760,16316050,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Austin Goblin,Kill a raccoon.Acquire lizard meat.
76561198058337162,Recommended,242760,13180899,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,THOT B GONE,"Let me tell you exactly why you should buy this game.Don't let the fact that it's early access dissuade you from purchasing this gem. Unlike most early access game, the devs work around the clock to find and fix new bugs, review consumer feedback, implement new features into the game, and generally improve the game in each and every update that they release. The major updates are usually released once every month, while smaller updates (bugfixes) are usually released about 2-4 times a month.There is a ton to do in this game. The building takes such a long time, but it's because of this long arduous process that when it's finally done it's all the more rewarding. The buildings look practical; like something that you could, and would actually build in the wilderness.Now on to gameplay. The game feels very relaxing at first. The sound of the forest will build up a false sense of security. It's for this reason that the horror aspect is so effective. When I say horror I mean horror. This game will make you afraid of the night, and when you do finally build that fortress you won't want to leave it. The combat is rough, but it's not impossible to take on 3 mutants and survive leaving all of them dead. With the right tactics you can bring the fight to them. The resource gathering is probably the most unique of any game; very realistic and enthrolling. The inventory system works great too, and you can find everything you have in the first glance. The crafting aspect of the game is simple too, but it feels like something that could be done in real life with the same ingredients.Don't let the system requirements dissuade you either. I play this on my laptop when I'm on vacation. My laptop has 4 GBs of RAM, and no graphics card. I set all the settings on the lowest I can, and still play the game. It doesn't look very good after that, but it's still a fun game to play.In short, this game is fun, arduous, unforgiving, and rewarding. It stands out among the many titles being released these days. It's a shiny diamond in a bed of coal, and it's well worth 15 dollars US. Buy this game. You won't regret it.Just want to add even more to this review. The Dev's are awesome. They've added loads of new content and fixed tons of bugs since the release of this game. It's 100x better now since I upgraded my GPU. It's a truly beautiful game.It's also truly terrifying if you don't build a base. If you want pure horror, just run around in the woods and scavenge for food. Christ, the mutants are probably the scariest thing I've ever encountered. You never quite know when they are there, and you want to stay out of the woods, but you know you need to go in for food/supplies, and that's when they get you. The weakest ones, the starving mutants, are definitely the scariest. They are skinny and bloody, run at you really quickly, and overall just make you crap your pants. Even worse, there are ambient sounds in the woods now that sound like leaves/branches falling, so it's even harder to tell when they are running up behind you. I don't think i've ever been so terrified while playing a game before. It's not even the mutants most of the time, it's the idea that they are lurking behind me.EDIT POST 12/14/2016 UPDATE:LORD BABY JESUS THAT F***NG TWIST"
76561198044949964,Recommended,242760,12646539,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Macaulay Kukulkan,You ever have one of those days where your just trying to build yourself a little fort and people can't seem to stop trying to eat you?
,Recommended,242760,22351388,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,hawaiian pizza is really good,I hate this game because it's absolutely terrifying. 17-armed mutated monsters of death tried to eat my face. I went down into a cave and multiple cannibals and mutants came after me and tried to eat me. They succeeded. Mutants with 8 legs broke down my walls and destroyed everything I loved.Nice water graphics tho 10/10.
,Recommended,242760,29410044,Posted: 21 January,all,Sorry,This game in alpha > any other survival/horror game
,Recommended,242760,10294094,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Venex,I jumped from a rock to the water and died.10/10
76561198068806335,Recommended,242760,22919300,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,frogprincess_q4,"The Forest is still very much in development, so occasionally you will run into some awful bug - recently I was trapped in a cave, for example - but updates are regular and I find the game quite playable even as it is.Disclaimer: I generally play with cheats on - and I love that this is an option! Mostly, I play in Vegan Mode which disables all the cannibals and turns The Forest into a creepy survival game rather than horror survival game. I enjoy exploring the map, building stuff and trying to find enough food and water to live on while avoiding freezing to death. In fact I didn't buy the game until I discovered that it could be played with cheats. However, I do think that there is a lot of the game that I miss out on because of my hypersensitive nerves. There is also Vegetarian Mode which only disables cannibals by day and Ironforest which prevents destruction of your base by cannibals/players.I like that the mutants have their own culture and lives and one day, I swear, I will find the courage to find out more about them. If there was a cheat where I could infiltrate the cannibals and move amongst them without being attacked unless maybe I attacked them first that would just make my day.In the meantime, the map is quite stunning, visually. However, even with the cannibals themselves disabled, the artifacts that they leave around the island can be quite disturbing so I don't recommend to someone who just wants a pretty map and no crawling skin factor.Survival is challenging even without cannibals trying to eat your face. You need to get set up with shelter, fire, food and water pretty quickly. Saving is only possible on a bed (separate from sleeping). If you want to explore you need to make sure that you find a campsite well before dark as you can't carry enough to make a shelter in one go and trying to build at night while freezing and suddenly realising that you can't find any sticks where you are is not so fun. The map is large, but not massive, so after a while you can get bases set up around the map and things are less challenging in that respect.I have never played the multiplayer, but I imagine that it would be a great game to play cooperatively. There are plenty of resources and it's always less scary to have a friend along when mutants are trying to kill and eat you.Somehow, this is one of the game that I play most often, there is just something about it that keeps drawing me back. So, yes, I do recommend it. I only have 40 odd hours on record, so far, but it's one of the few games on my favourites tab, because I know I'll go back there before long even if it's just to see what the developers added in the latest patch.TL;DR It plays well, it looks great and updates are regular. There are cheats. And cannibals."
,Recommended,242760,24597909,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,DignifiedPeach,"Summary: Saying that this game is just a 'good early access' game discredits it to a certain extent. This game has so much content that, if released now, would be a very successful game. It's incredibly fun, with the right amount of horror added in. Not only that, but more content is continually being released by the devs and these are some of the most hard working devs I've seen.Pros and Cons:Pros:-Graphics are spectacular; this could be something that people debate, as it's not the graphics of a newer game. however, this game was in fact released in 2014, and it looks crazy good still today.-Animations are very beautiful; trees falling, mutants jumping at you, climbing ropes, all of these feel and look realistic.-Mechanics are nice for the most part. I like the crafting, fishing, and cutting down trees, and the realistic feel they offer. However, I think that the item carrying system could have a little work. You're limited to carrying about 6 rocks at once and 10 sticks, however I think that if they did a weight system, it'd be way easier.-Smart AI. The enemies will know they're losing when you kill 2/3 of their search party, and the third will flee. If you catch a cannibal in a noose trap, their friends can come and release them. if you leave one injured, another will drag them off. They'll send spies to investigate your base, to find weak spots for future attacks. It's really a spectacular thing to witness, expecially in an early access game. Most games I've played have extremely weak/overpoweringly fake AI, but this AI is extremely realistic.-Co-op. This game is incredibly fun with friends.Cons:-Frustrating building setup; this one is probably the number one issue I've experienced. Floors don't snap together, so they just overlay the other floors or get jagged edges. I'd ask the devs to look at ARK: Survival Evolved's building and sorta make it like that.-Small immersion-breaking bugs. Nothing game breaking, as I haven't had my game crash once, but just small things, like chopping down a tree and having a log fly up in the air. Small things like that.-No world consistency (that I've seen); When you get off the game and get back on later, suitcases fill up again, and trees respawn. I don't know if they will add consistency in the future and what that'll do to game optimization, but it's not all that distracting.TL;DR: Fantastic game for an extremely good price, enjoyable with friends, trustable developers.9/10. Dismembering cannibals never sounded better."
,Recommended,242760,12999963,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,nerve gas,Canada: the Game. Complete with the cannibal aboriginals and lumberjacks.
,Recommended,242760,12971735,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,atomwalker,"I was attacked by a naked women who was caked in blood and shrieked like a banshee. I bashed her teeth out with a human skull, then dismembered her with a hatchet. Used her leg to beat her husband's brains out. Used their body parts to build a totem pole of gorey remains and set it on fire.10/10 Would Lord of the Flies again."
,Recommended,242760,24827542,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,LCpl Jake,"I can't play this game alone; it freaks me out.I play with my buddy after work, we build about 3 log cabins before we decided to build a base right in the middle and make it custom. It's awesome, we make bonfires, cook the locals, slap the locals with decapitated limbs of their fallen brethen, slash-duck-dodge-weave and tackle the locals with a katana like some sort of crazed ninja warrior sent back into time. We have conquered the forest.Woke up after going to sleep to a tree in the middle of our house. Thinking this was some ruse from the locals we decided to chop it. The entire house, the tree and our log carts not even close to the house flew into the air. It was the most insane thing I have ever seen. These locals are using black magic against us, we rebuild away from their cursed spot and decide to use fire to sweep clear the forest. We are currently using our own fire mage magic against them.This game is serious fun! I played it just a little bit here and there over the few months but the last week or so I got my buddy to get it and we play it everyday for a couple of hours now after work. If you're looking for a great survial game without all the annoying grinding and hunting then this is the game for you. Oh I think we both have a son or something like that but we figured he's already gone and its a lost cause. First 24 hours is crucial in a kidnapping and I think we are on day 43 so he is far gone we must move we have each other now this is our home."
,Recommended,242760,14238820,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kyonko802,"Started building my base.Cannibals came.Beat the crap out of them until they ran like wusses.Stole all their teeth and glued them to my axe like a psycho barbarian warlord.Cannibals came back with more friends.Tried to act tough.Ended up running away just because I stared at them.More cannibals the next day, kill two and put their heads on pikes.Setting traps, waiting for messed up spider dudes now.Looking forward to mounting their heads.You don't take a man's son and then try to eat him. You just don't."
,Recommended,242760,17882816,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,radster247,10/10-destroyed ecosystem-killed countless natives-became master bunny breeder-drank a cancerous amount of soda-found flares and became the god of fire-built a bench-fell of a cliff and died
76561198043222323,Recommended,242760,24238250,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CetoMatu,A fun thrilling game that I would recommend. The cannibals and mutations really give off a eerie feeling when you encounter them which gives off a strong sense of survival and danger and most importantly vulnerability. You usually cannot just attack a group of enemies without facing dire consequences you have to make the right decisions to stay prepared with items and bring stability to your base.There are some story elements to the game which are not fully completed but the devlopers are updating pretty steadily and so you may eventually have some sort of goal within the game if survival is not enough for you.The building is also fun. You can fairly large structures if you have the resources for it (takes a long time to gather wood and stone) although there is no grid feature to keep buildings and structures aligned and even so you will have to use your eye or some carefull aligning to build something accurately.Overall I recommend the game as there are features yet to come and it is an enjoyable experience werether with friends or alone.
,Recommended,242760,10464400,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,At☢mic,Met a nudist woman who wanted to get wild with me so I took her home and slapped her with my stick till she died 11/10
,Recommended,242760,22297052,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ᴢ∆ɴ✝ʜᴇᴏɴ,I enjoyed being chased by naked men. 10/10
76561198045823718,Recommended,242760,10304350,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Eddiek2,10/10 touched a dead body and was sent into orbit
,Recommended,242760,10344958,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,aztecspacefr0g,was putting rocks in my backpack and got clubbed to death by an angry naked man 10/10
,Recommended,242760,24227582,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Reyja 187,"My Experience:>Plane Crashes, son taken, a normal saturday arvo>Stumble out of plane, grab fire axe poking out of some chick>Random nudists jump down from trees and attack me, again, normal saturday.>One trips and dies, I take their arm as a trophy>The nudist's husband comes along, so I beat him to death with the arm>dont♥♥♥♥withme.jpg>Drag body to a ridge and throw body off in tribute to gods.>Find a survival kit in my bag, search through it>Find effigy>heythatsprettygood.png>Place the arms I collected on the effigy in stylish pose>(See my Screenshots)>Proceeded to hunt down the nudist hippies>whosetherealmonster.gif>Wash off blood after the hunt>Get Bored>Go home>Buy The Forest>Start Playing"
,Recommended,242760,15632422,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Pop-Eye Jim,"I suck at introductions, but as this is my first review i want the developers to know, if by the slight chance they would see this, how much i've enjoyed this game through and through. You guys have been one of the very few developers out there with a true vision to create the best product u can with what u have and not run away with the money, HUGE KUDOS for that!!!I've been following the development of this game since months before steam release last year and it was during a time when multiple survival genres were coming out ( Stomping Land to name one, 7 Days to Die another ) and the developers behind 'The Forest' have truly been honest and genuine with how the development has gone. Frequent and good updates that improve the game every so slightly but enough for the everyday gamer like myself to notice a clear difference.I've played as of today roughly 40hrs and enjoyed every minute of it. To first load the game without knowing what the night brings is terrifying and seeing how the world interacts  is brilliant. I've probably spent a total of 10 hrs just walking through ""The Forest"" and just been amazed at how incredible it looks, it's truly one of a kind sensation to see how birds interact with the player and really, how the world interacts with you. This is a must have for any survival genre fans out there as this is by far, the BEST survival out there, and it's still in ALPHA!Best game of my life, hands down. Very much worth the moneyz!!!"
76561198032267321,Recommended,242760,30393055,Posted: 8 March,all,ASP,"I bought this game in about August of 2014 (Few months after it launched on steam), back then it was a mess of awesome features but unplayable gameplay. I redownloaded it a few days ago and OMG.Favourite features:Fighting off tribesmen and using parts of their corpses as effergys to intimidate them, then using their bones as armor.You are always on edge and there is a happy bird tweeting away. Well f**k you bird *Homeruns that ♥♥♥♥♥ with a stick*Not sh*ting yourself enough? Well you can visit the depths of hell in a dark cave full of tribesmen. (And worse)*Thud, thud, thud* ""WTF is that"" *tortured soul of the damned growl* *Faster heavy footsteps* And you proceed to lose  control of your bladder.Faming axe? Badass AF.Just get the game."
,Recommended,242760,24482083,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Phobos,"Kill a cannibal, chop off his arm, and ♥♥♥♥♥slap his friends all the way to their campsite.I have tried many early access games in my time, and only a few of them are actually worth buying in this stage.The Forestis one of them. It's bizarre, dark, twisted, gory, and haunting. Once you realise the deep trouble you are in, you will not have a moment's chance to relax and take it easy.After a plane crash, your son is abducted by cannibals and you are left nearly dead on the crash site. Your objective is to survive and explore the island to discover where your son is kept and its backstory. That is until you realise you are not alone at all...The game looks beautiful. The island you are in, has forests, lakes, caves and beaches for you to explore. Seems like heaven. Everything is detailed nicelyand you can even observe little birds coming to sit on your hand at times.*DISNEY PRINCESS MODE ENGAGED* You will hear waves crashing on rocks, animals rattling leaves, the song of the birds, and many more sounds appropriate for the landscape. It makes you feel immersed like few games.The survival part is a bit classic, but the crafting system is reimagined in an interesting way. You can carry only a small number of resources, while heavy items like wood logs are better transported to your campsite with sleds. You can craft storage areas for rocks, branches etc that will come in handy later. As for the shelters, you got a plethora of huts and cottages to construct in order to escape from rain (you can even make a treehouse!. Then you got traps, walls, etc. Since there's no minimap (or map in general), an icon pops up in your screen indicating where your unfinished constructions are, so you can always find them. However, it could use some extra freedom with building. But I'm willing to look past that.The enemies are interesting to deal with. At first, they will not hunt you down, they will merely observe you from the shadows and the bushes. Then, they will try to investigate you and your constructions, and then they just might hunt you down by attacking your weakest spots in your defences. If one of them escapes, he will rush back to their camp and call for help to your last known spot. They may scout your base for supplies, organise surprise attacks during the day and set up effigies to warn you to stay away. If you manage to handle them properly though, they will respect you and bow before you, thinking you are some kind of god. They operate in a sophisticated scale which is a refreshing feature in survival games. On the downside, due to the game being a bit unfinished, they act goofy at times, like cramping up in places and not be able to move anywhere or running around without purpose.The real way to play this game, however, iscoop. Get a friend and join forces to conquer The Forest. There's a built-in voice chat feature which makes things easier when you are not in the same room. And that's some really good thinking.Aside some weird bugs, the game is in a really good playable state and the price is ok, but i still suggest to grab it in a sale. It's worth your time, especially if you are a hardened survival veteran.RATING:Gameplay:8/10Presentation:8.5/10Story:7/10Unique Factor: Enemy AI:8.5/10OVERALL:8/10I don't even wanna know whose twisted idea was it to slap cannibals with decapitated limbs."
,Recommended,242760,13192209,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Colonel Boy Man,I saw a naked guy without a dong. 10/10
76561198040507256,Recommended,242760,14027151,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,MRStraw77,">Started game>Built Campfire>Built Log sled to gather more logs>Spotted by cannibal patrol>Tried to outrun them>Log sled glitched>I am now in lower orbit>""Well at least I got away from the Cannibals"">Fell to my Death10/10 Would Believe I could fly again"
,Recommended,242760,23337843,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MaddVladd,New Game Trailer!! The Game is awesome!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvc3qpaJBZY
,Recommended,242760,18279862,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,CapitalisticPig,"Pros:+Breathtaking Graphics+Great Sounds+Great Survival Roots+Interesting Enemies (They themselves are an interesting group)+Interesting Enemy AI (Don't expect full hostility. The tribe doesn't just want to take you down... Not at first anyways)+Natural Fear as Opposed to Forced+Co-Op (Haven't tried it yet, but that's the next step)+A Constant Sense of Urgency+A Clock of When the Next Update isCons that are possibly related to it being in Early Access:-Extreme Lack of Content at this point (There is no story besides the intro cutscene. Currently the only thing to do is to.. survive and explore. I'm hoping for the different optional paths in the story. Such as saving the kid who is probably your son, escaping the island, joining one of the tribes, eliminating the mutants or sealing off the caves and other such things)-Bugs (Nothing gamebreaking for me so far. Some floating rocks, the ability to walk through dead trees and drying racks, but nothing big)-Would greatly benefit from random events! The enemys are great, but as of right now there is no motive to put yourself in the action... I think I stayed up only one night and nothing happened. Would be interesting for a Bermuda Triangle type deal! Electronics stop working in the area, resulting in many plane and boat disappearances... which you can explore and rescue survivors and they become companions(yes/no?) The point is there isn't a whole lot of action yet... (I'm sure they will add content of some sort)-Not many weapons (There are axes, clubs, bows, spears and one katana. You can only craft axes, bows and clubs. The other stuff you have to find. The bow doesn't do anything to mutants, so that leaves axes and clubs, which the club for me is too slow, so really my only option is an axe.)-Death isn't anything to worry about, making the game... not as scary. When you die, the mutants drag you to a cave and conveniently leave you with all your stuff and right by the entrance of the cave. Not only that, but the cave and village above the cave are full of powerful loot (Dynamite and Modern Axes). I've died 3 or 4 times and everytime there were no monsters anywhere so I just grabbed loot and went back home. It is almost rewarding to die. The only way to fully die that I've seen is to die and be taken to the cave and then die again inside the cave... so the creatures don't scare me anymore. (Maybe they haven't finished the death sequence?)-Creatures become much less eerie after getting a pattern. At first it feels like you can't even kill one monster, but really if you set them on fire or knock them to the ground and pound on their head it's pretty simple. Especially since their AI isn't very unique during fights. All they do is stay a small distance and circle you and then when confident they come in and attack. When they attack they do more flailing then anything strategic. Would be nice to see the packs surround you and take you out. One man shouldn't be able to take on two, let alone 3-5. It would be nice if they were dangerous enough to make me want to hide. (Could be fixed with additions to AI)-No destruction of enemy bases (I don't think they are going to add this, but... it would be nice to be able to disable the tribes foothold.Cons?:-I'm kind of on the fence about this one... there are the normal tribesmen and they are beautifully done (except the linear combat), but there are also ""mutants"" that are part of the tribes... they are basically big tanks and me personally... I think it kind of kills the scare factor. It doesn't scare me that a slow, giant made of multiple arms and legs is swinging in my direction. It's kind of creepy that I have to throw three sticks of dynamite to kill him, but other than that... not really. I want enemies that are smarter and faster than I am. The normal tribesmen aren't scary because of their looks or strength. They are scary because there are hundreds of them, they not only want to harm you, but they stalk you... you are their prey. They are hunting you... and they are... well they are supposed to be good at it. I think I'd prefer just the tribe, but the big mutants also have their pros. For instance, in the trailer I saw one break down a whole wall to let the rest of the tribe in... I would've **** my pants... but I haven't seen anything like that happen so.-I'm just being knit-picky here, but seriously what are the chances that not only your plane crashes and you survive, but you land on an island filled with cannibal mutants and find a convenient survival guide and hatchet?-I can't really think of much for cons that aren't just because it's in early access... There is no toggle crouch button!Summary: Great game that is only $15! Right now, I got 8 hours of singleplayer gameplay just from the survival aspects. It is my opinion that when the full game is released, it will be AAA quality. I bet by full release, you will be able to get 10 (If you only do the story, some exploring and basic survival) to 30 hours of gameplay on one playthrough, but this is the type of game that you can be able to play again and each time have a unique experience. (Especially if they add procedural generation)... There is one guy in the reviews who has 400+ hours of gameplay as of now... I think that is a little excessive, but you get the point."
,Recommended,242760,21975355,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,123,"The Forest is a game where you are a plane crash survivor, seeing your son get taken away by a mysterious figure. You exit the plane after you wake up fully and see a beautiful forest, light shafts peering through the leaves. You have a survival book, some soda, some protein bars, and an axe you found lodged in the head of an innocent flight attendant in the plane. You need to survive, if you don't you die. (No♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now that i'm done with the summary, let me just say, this game is amazing. Yes, it used to be buggy, but it really has come a long way. I, as well as many of the other backers/buyers of early access are VERY proud of the developers for getting this far in development. They are still actively developing this great game, and I am satisfied.Graphics: 8.9/10 (Very beautiful graphics)UI: 7.5/10 (Pretty solid)Animations: 8/10 (Great)Multiplayer/Co-Op: 6/10 (Good, just wish there were better implemented systems and more character models!)Singleplayer: 10/10 (TERRIFYING)Crafting: 9/10 (Very unique)Enemies/Cannibals: 10/10 (Creepy, Insane, VERY well done)Content Amount: 7.8/10 (Not an insane amount, wish there was a bit more)Map Design/Size: 8/10 (Pretty big and nicely done)Community: 6/10 (Small, quiet, friendly)Overall Rating: 8.4/10 (Very well done, but not finished yet. It's not a triple AAA title by any means, but it is a great game, and deserves this rating and recoginition.Reason I gave this rating is because I generally like this game. I am no fan boy by any means, but have been following the development since the 3rd Quarter of 2014, and I can say the game has come very far! I, as many others do look forward to the further development of this game.How many hours will you get out of this game no matter who you are? Between 30-160 (You won't get very much replayability out of the game as of now)Thank you for reading my review. If you would like to see more of my reviews, check out my profile."
,Recommended,242760,19302604,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Windows 95,I recommend this game to everyone who loves surving plane crashes followed by fighting for your life in a forest full of naked people who just wanna eat you
76561198171890465,Recommended,242760,16963169,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Blue,"You are the sole surivor of an airplane crash on a remote island.  Your fellow passangers, who by judging from the contents of their suitcases were tennis players that were hopped up on prescription drugs.  You obviously were not one of them given how you whine and complain about being cold and wet hungry and thirsty and tired all the time.  It's ironic that you were the one who survived.  The island itself is beautiful and you can choose to live in the snow capped mountains or a tropical beach and it's not without its cast of colorful characters- mainly cannibales in various stages of mutation.  Would I recommend this game absolutley!!! I have almost 200 hours logged in playing.  Given that it's an alpha build you have to be patient with the devlopers its not without its glitches and bugs but unlike other games I have played, the developers are always working on it to fix problems and add new content.  If you like survival games where you have to build cabins, tree houses hunt and fish or explore caves then this is the game for you.  One of the BEST features that is included are the cheat modes- put in by the developers.  If you just want to play as a survivor with no mutants you can.  If you want to play with them just coming out at night you can.  I thought the game was worth the money especially given that is is always evolving"
76561198117859798,Recommended,242760,16299941,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,nightmare,"awesome game, I been playing this since it came first came out. the updates keep getting better and better. yes it does have some bugs, what game really doesnt. if you love crafting, building, open world and survive there is, plenty of things to interact with. build camps defend them since the tribes can destroy your walls. very impressive game. these guys take alot of time and heart to put into this game. yes I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,242760,32504784,Posted: 17 June,all,Rocket Raccoon [RF],"The game leaves a lot of positive emotions, I did not expect this, honestly. If you play two or more, it's really fun! I play at least a little, but always in the company of my best friend and we just laugh at them in this game. The actual game is cool and deserves positive feedback, so I will say Yes and I recommend this game to anyone!"
,Recommended,242760,17157325,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ItsTheGecko,"Your plane crashes. You wake up to see a mutant stealing your child. You decide that you must survive, but how does one survive? You follow your first instincts and kill those mutants and dismember their bodies. Sorting the limbs, heads, and torsos into separate piles and creating a ritual of sacraficing the torsos to the cliff gods. The remaining body parts are put on stakes and burned to show the other tribal islanders who's boss. You're not sure if these effigies frighten the tribals or turn them more aggresive, but you disreguard this thought and continue building your glorious meat statues. Some time passes, either hours or years, your sense of time has completely faded because your days consist of only murder, dismemberment, and cutting down trees. One day while you're speaking to yourself about how little you actually know about these mutants and hacking away at one of their necks with your axe you finally cut through it's vertebrae and the head separates from the body and somehow rockets you into the air and off a cliff, killing you instantly.11/10Would turn into a satanic mutant sacraficing maniac again."
,Recommended,242760,26134991,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MEGAPARSEC,"I have had this game since it was first released. Didn't play it long because there were so many issues. But every time I come back to this game to see how things have progressed, I am always impressed. Interms of game play improvements and optimizations this dev team seem to care about their players experience. The new sound effects like wind through the trees makes this a truely immersive exeperience. The only thing I'd really like to see now, is the storyline progress more. But this game is a lot of fun single player and 10x the fun coop.As a fellow Unity developer as well. This is definitley the best looking game I've seen on the engine and is enspiring."
,Recommended,242760,17901647,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,maherie,"Frequent Updates, Great Game Play.I've been in and out of The Forest with many other games, but I always come back it's a great staple to have in your libary.I've enjoyed watching the game progress through alpha and it's constantly got better and added reasons to ""start over"" regardless of how big and amazing your base is.I would recomend this game for anyone, as it appeals to so many different types of Gamers.Well Done Endnight Games."
76561197970388555,Recommended,242760,30712235,Posted: 24 March,all,BT,"Perfect game until you do everything possible.The best co-op game I've played.Well worth the cost!Just needs:map randomiser,more intricate/complex crafting,more materials,technology trees to advance designs/options,roof(s) that stops rain coming in.gable end roof fill option.read the book whilst sitting downtunnelling option/make water ways or moatsJust give me more to do and I'll keep playing!"
,Recommended,242760,30721234,Posted: 25 March,all,AlwaysBlue,"This game is fantastic. I actually have no complaints about it so i'll list the pro's.- Devs who care/updates often- the difficulty increases as you get further in. The game wasn't hard at all until they started adding new cannibal types and hard mode. I'm on day 73 and if i'm alone i can easily die to a group of cannibals and a mutant.- the building mechanics are good and it's not easy to build, but not incredibly grindy either.- has a complete story- multiplayer is a blessing to this game, and fun to play with friends- rabbit breeding.- caves are spooky and there are a few jump scares.. ♥♥♥♥ing bats- you can live on a boat, or an island and peace the ♥♥♥♥ out away from cannibals if you wanted to xd- creative mode unlocked once you complete the gameActually i do have 1 complaint. there are actual lanters in the game that we cant take and put in our bases :( same thing with the head lamps the cannibals sometimes have. feelsbadman.overall, really solid game and 100% worth picking it up."
,Recommended,242760,24032103,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Herr von Woldieツ,The real story of Malaysia Airlines Plane MH370.
,Recommended,242760,26158796,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Jansai,"Love it!Hate it!Hate it because, you have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ friends who force you to go fight a 8 legged monster and♥♥♥♥♥♥block the door for you so they see you weep on how scared you are.10/10EXTREMELY SPOOKED"
,Recommended,242760,21229315,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AdamQ_Design,"The best survival early access game I've ever played. The game looks great, plays great, the developers listen to the community and it receives regular updates. Don't waste your money on any other survival game, just buy this, it's worth it."
,Recommended,242760,34825761,Posted: 8 September,all,Jameson Squyres,Great developers
,Recommended,242760,22260707,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,savory,"I'm not one who writes reviews, but this game definitely earned one.The whole story may seem cliche. But it's beautiful and expansion of freedom makes it very interesting. Although it's just one map, it could be very interesting if it was open world-like or randomly generated terrain. Im not implying that it needs to be like that. Bu the game already has it's own freedom and limits. Now, about the horror. It genuinely had my friends and I screaming and questioning the giant baby-like monster and the four legged creature with like, twelve arms. The sounds and audio is crisp. But the only few things I had trouble with was the sources of food and the building. It's hard and time consuming but it's worth it.I like the game. 10/10.Sorry Timmy but it looks like I finally have my own place without a nagging wife."
76561198004608088,Recommended,242760,30240512,Posted: 28 February,all,Genatzt³,"As i started to play this game i was like ""mweh just another survival game"" but then♥♥♥♥♥♥just got real. I nearly craped my pants when i went into my first cave. This game has everything. I personally dont see any point where this game could be considered bad. This game is outstanding. Its the first survival game where i had the feeling that i was rly in danger and that i need to survive. The AI is strong and can be a real pain but not in the♥♥♥♥♥..more in your hearth because of 3 supermutants going nuts on your base and hitting trees and walls like it were dominos. Its perfect for players who rly want to dig into a real survival feeling and the creative mode provides you the possibility to let your creative flow out. Always nice when you are just finishing the decorations of your base...chopping of some heads here and some legs there and BAM ANOTHER 3 SUPER MUTANTS IN YOUR BASE ♥♥♥♥ING YOU UP. Yeah. That is this game man. I cant rly say anything negative about this game except for the short story and that i want more.. oh and i rly like that this game is so bloody.Facts- Good and demanding AI- Building system works good and looks nice- The game has a rly nice feel when you play it...its just like everything fits together if you know what i mean- Ongoing Updates that keep this game fresh and exciting- Nice multiplayer (its perfect for you and some friends dude, i swear)- Pretty bloodyI can only give a thumbs up. This game is the best survival game released so far. Definitly better than Arc ( <- overrated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) and i hope that this game will get more fans and the publishers will get some money to spend it on some ♥♥♥♥♥es. They deserve it."
76561198084559857,Recommended,242760,12745406,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ANGRYpirate,"got attacked whilst building a home.woke up in a dark cave, cold, wet, covered in blood.been beaten (and possibly molested) then left for dead.fight my way through dark corridors and naked cannibals.finally escape to the light of day.scramble back to my home for food and shelter.arrive to a welcoming committee of at least 8 naked cannibals.manage to take down 1 but get attacked from behind by another.commence me being beaten to death and further molested.YOU SURVIVED 1 DAY....and what a day it was....10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,242760,21881022,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,the flea,"This game has some great graphics, the setting is amazing, it is easily able to induce some anxiety and really give you a run for your life. The sounds are amazing they are pitched perfect and give me the creeps when I'm waiting it out during the night and the creatures are crazy xD The leg thing gets me every time I see it, the only issues I've ever run into are the following,1. The Mutants Glitch run through the water and back out, even in the deep end where even the player is suppose to be swimming.2. Multi Player where your have a friend on the boat and if they go into the inventory they glitch off and can slide off the boat.3. If you make it far enough to get on ""Betsy"" Which is the boat in the water some feet away, If you load back in sometimes, at least if you are the second player and not the host. The boat is filled with water making your player swim.4. You can also see ""Fish"" Swimming through Betsy and kill them with your spear which really if you need the food isn't a bad thing!These are just the few things I noticed on the game. I know it's still in Beta [ or whatever it is before Alpha release] but the game is quite amazing, So far I've traveled to the colder region where the snow is. My friends and I are setting up a camp and diving more into the world, it's great and a large area to explore. The enemies can become quite over whelming when they swarm you in a group of 5/7 but if you have a decent set of people your good but its a great game for survival, building and fighting off cannibals."
,Recommended,242760,13406800,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ash,10 seconds into the game got my child stolen from a naked cannibal10/10 - To Much Water
,Recommended,242760,18865532,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,mambuco93,Cannibals aren't friendly but they taste great
,Recommended,242760,13197784,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MetЯo,"I enjoyed it.- Plane Crashed- Woke up- Picked up Energy Bars and Sodas- Went to the beach- Made a fire- Slept in my makeshift hut- Woke up to a group of cannibals in front of me.- Cannibals knocked me out- Woke up in a cave- Used lighter in cave- Was attacked by more cannibals- DiedOverall, Still better than any of my lives in DayZ!"
,Recommended,242760,10291530,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,c0ntrol,Fighting off naked men and women in the woods... 10/10
,Recommended,242760,34084135,Posted: 7 August,all,𝕝 𝕠 𝕚 𝕤,> made a whole camp> forgot to make server private> went afk for a bit> came back to see other players destroying my camp> i got killed> they barricaded the plane10/10  would go afk again
76561198019952155,Recommended,242760,19586613,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mr. Moustache Man,For a game in early alpha this is already a very good game. My only complaint is the combat system. Can't wait for the beta.
76561197962989134,Recommended,242760,10349286,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Ortellios,Found a dead whale on the beach and a turtle sneaking away from the scene...10/10
76561198100289446,Recommended,242760,20099882,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Flytrap,"It was a dark night. My friend and I had just finished chopping numerous trees down and slugging them back to our meager camp. We were preparing for nightfall. Once again I lit the bonfire with noose traps littered around it, our so devious invention. But tonight was not the case. I was sitting in the corner, an innoncent plane survivor eating his chocolate snack. All of a sudden, we saw him. A 5 legged spider monster thing coming at us. He devilishly broke down our walls and intruded easily. But I would not go down so easily. I fed my friend to it, climbed to the top of our base and waited it out.10/10 would feed friend to monster for own survival again"
76561198020284133,Recommended,242760,25630512,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Rissquette,How to do Early Access: The Game.
,Recommended,242760,14247320,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,repdetect0,"Though still being developed, and not without some bugs and slight graphical glitches here and there, The Forest is very good at what it is. The tribal A.I. is fascinating from afar. Few games have ever captured an A.I. that tries to spy on you but covers up the fact. When you catch them unaware, just remember that they can do the same to you. The first night that I realized a guy was 15 feet from my camp, watching me in the dark, was an expericance like none other. Not without flaws but still a welcome entry into the survival games genre, and with some excellent crafting and in-game guides."
,Recommended,242760,13677177,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Krap,"To Long; Wont Read: This game is an 8.5/10 from me, with a great potential of one day being a solid 10/10. IT feels like a survival game that you actually have to work to survive.  Would recomend to a freind.This is my second review ever on a video game (Rust Legacy), I have been using Steam for multiple years. With that being said, a game has to be bloody amazing for me to take the time to sit down and right a review.I had my doubts about purchasing this game, after having watched multiple youtube video's it seemed like the game was not has hard or ""scary"" as a few videos had made it out to be. The graphics looked nice, but it looked like a.. as a previous review called it: ""Lumberjack Simulator""After recieving some Christmas money, I deceided to take the plunge and get it. No Regrets.I described this game to a buddy last night, and I think my description was pretty accurate:""Imagine being on an island with a bunch of cannibals that have never seen technology before, have their own system of rules, and outnumber you severely. That's what playing this ""Game"" is. The AI in this game acts exactly as I would expect a civilization within those parameters (right word for that I believe) to act... And some of the most beautiful scenery/graphical detail that I have seen in a video game in a long time.""It should be important to note here, that I dont do Alpha games often, this is only the third I have ever done, and the first that I have enjoyed that FELT like an Alpha. There are some clear bugs in this game, none that are what I would call game breaking - that I have encountered - but some clear bugs none the less. Co-Op is a bit wonky, but its fairly new to the game, and should be hashed out within the next few patches.What I enjoyed most about this game is that it actually FEELS like survival. Rust was (is (Legacy Rust)) great but it didnt FEEL like a survival game, once you get a small base established, there really wasnt much that could threaten you save for other players, getting a base established wasnt that hard, and although occasionaly things went wrong, they never really felt like a struggle. In The Forest, from the moment you step off the plane it FEELS like you really have your work cut out for you. The scenery is beautifal in that Tropical Rainforest kind of way, the wild life feels a bit.. how to describe this.. not out of place, but automated, but it doesnt really detract from the greatness of the situation.And then you encounter the first Native. Its an odd moment, and one that I have never had the same outcome to. How you act, greatly sets the pace of the game, I wont ruin the reactions to you, but will give you something to think about. Actions have consequences that you will feel the vibrations from for your entire playthrough.From what I understand the developer seems to play their cards close to their chest, but has been reliable thusfar in patching the game and providing new content updates. It seems like (from what I have heard) that they dont always get the job done 100% the first time, but they DO follow through and correct any wrongs. In my opinion thats a great sign, no one expects a small team to deliver an A+ on every patch, but when faults are discovered, they deserve to be (and are) corrected.I mentioned previously in the review that a few video's on youtube have made this out to be an incredibly scary game, but I dont believe the viewer really gets an understanding of that without being in the game themselves. The game is not scary, and I dont think it intends to be. With that being said, the game DOES have a large amount of.. ( I sat here for a few minutes trying to put a word to the feeling you - I - get when playing this game, because I am unable to do so, I will describe the time when I get this feeling) The feeling is the same one you get when your watching a horror movie that ISNT scarry, but is full of jump scares. The feeling when you know that something is getting ready to leap out at you, there is no suprise about it coming, you just dont know when its going to happen. That feeling is present in a large portion of this game, and it does it very well. EDIT: Suspenseful.. that would have been a good word for this (lol)I compared this title to the only other title in the same or similar genre that I have played and enjoyed (Rust) even though their are vasts differences between the two. With that being said, I expect to spend just as many hours having fun with this game as I have had with Rust Legacy. (800 hours at the time of writing)Just in case you were wondering about performance- My Specs: Playing with everything maxed out I never noticed a drop in framerates or any other visual performance issue (although the terrain sometimes has issues with Boulders/Cliffs from what I can tell, Animals sometimes have no collision with them)GTX 7602- 120GB SSD (which this game is installed on)1 TB HDD2x4 GB Ram 1600hzMSI 970A-G46 MoboPro's:Survival game that feels like its a survival gameAmazing AINo set strategy, different outcomes based on different actionsLarge amount of craftable items that have clear benefits/purposeJust enough in game support (like the crafting manual) where you arent totally lost, but can still experement with things yourself.Con's:No ability to draw or create a map (from what I have found so far) so getting the layout has been doable, but difficult.No hostile animals (from what I have found) other than sharksHas enough bugs that you remain aware that the game still needs work, nothing that makes it unplayable (imo) but enough that immersion is sometimes broken.Things I would like to see in the future:Better Rafts/Houseboats3rd Person (Im torn on this one, I think 3rd person would be awesome, but it might break the Fear Factor)Better Bow (the Bow is really strong, but wildly inaccurate, would rather it be a tool to use where the hitting factor is determined by Skill, not RNG. (or maybe it is and I am just really bad with it)Better realisim on wildlife"
,Recommended,242760,29437210,Posted: 22 January,all,KiteTales,"This first started as a fun co-op survival game and ended with a 'WHAT IN THE WORLD IS ACTUALLY GOING ON.' 10/10 story. Refreshing and original, very thought-provoking and creative. Definitely worth the play through and highly recommended."
,Recommended,242760,22531507,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Hoji,"The Forest is a great survival/horror Game!This Game is about you and your journey to find your son, who got kidnappedfrom a Tribe of really mad natives.Also Cannibals are on your Butt and try to eat your legs!The Building-System is pretty good eventough there are bugs here and there,but thats not a Problem because the Game is constantly getting updated.The Developers even did the feature to show the exact time when the Update is coming out.This can be seen on the bottom left corner of the menu ingame.The Game is still in early acces so if bugs or glitches happen, the developers will fix it soon!So all in all this is a Great Survival game and is worth a try.In my opinion its one of my favourite survivalgame, because it's a survival game we have not seen yet.If you take DayZ, H1Z1, Rust or any other survival game then you will see its not that hard, but in this gameit's different! You are constantly focused and ready to react quick, because the natives are on you and watch you!The Co-op mode is a lot of Fun!But you should play it with friends and not play on an online server, the other players can annoy some times.In multiplayer there are some bugs, but those are not critical.The Story isn't really there yet. It's still in development.Everyone who is interested in a good survival game has to try! :D"
,Recommended,242760,10294525,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,holy moly,130 passengers in an empty plane.10/10
,Recommended,242760,33139424,Posted: 2 July,all,Puggo,"The pug approves.Here's why,1. There's a story in it other than just suriving with no objectives in mind to complete.2. It's scary to play this alone.3. Wonderful graphics.4. Constantly updated.5. Worth it for the price.6. Noob friendly game.7. They made it as realistic as possible for a survival game.8. I like the mechanics of the cannibals.All in all, fantastic gameplay."
,Recommended,242760,10288922,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,[S|B] Jericho,"From having only played an hour so far, I would say that this game has a lot of potential. Many features in the game are quite simplistic, such as the crafting menu and your player's inventory. There's almost no hassle when using them, and you won't get confused. The only bad thing about the crafting is that once you place a blueprint down, you can't remove it to build somewhere else (at least I haven't found a way to yet).The atmospheric tone of the game is excellent. It's very dark and creepy, especially if you venture into the cave systems. The lighting is well done, both inside the caves and outside, and the sounds are simply brilliant. The mutants/tribesmen--whatever they actually are--add a more ominous element to the game, and they work surprisingly well early on in the game's stage.If you're a fan of survival games, The Forest is definitely for you. You can get a spear and use it to go fishing, or just run around with it attacking things like a madman. Aside from fish, I've only seen lizards and rabbits so far as a food source, as well as energy bars.There are quite a few bugs that I've noticed while playing, but that is to be expected in alpha. Certain objects, namely some rocks and containers, have no mass and you can walk straight through them. Some tools, such as the second axe you find in the game, can be replicated repeatedly. I had amassed a large stack of them at my camp by accident while switching to other tools. I wouldn't worry too much about the bugs right now. The development team of this game seems very promising, and I have the utmost faith that they will fix them to the best of their abilities.Overall, I would definitely recommend this game to any survival or horror fanatic."
,Recommended,242760,13315445,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Foribus Cardo,Log landed on me and sent me flying in the air.10/10 would fly many times again
,Recommended,242760,10476456,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Barry The Bustin' Bear,"My thoughts on ""The Forest""After making a few videos on it and Clocking some Hours And spending what I had left on it I have a few things to say.Yes you should buy it, you don't need to buy it, but you should. It is perfect for survival junkies and slates the special Itch I've been having for these types of games.The gameplay, though a bit clunky when you encounter a glitch, is still very responsive, and evey swing with your weapon has a very real weight to it. Every encounter with the mutants are usually jarring especially when they sneak up on you, Props to the developers that made it so chopping down a tree can be a tense click session so you can get the supplies and get the hell outa there.The AI is a bit clunky and it gets a bit weird, But when it works it's a good scare when the Tribals come to eat your lovely manflesh.After a Few recordings I truly see how beautiful this game can get and graphically it is lovely, but you might need a beefy Graphics card and processor to run it at max.The blood feature is also a good nod to show that you also need to keep good hygene and keep from getting mucked up with blood can get a wound infected, and the gathering of food is rather nice, Spearing fish and skinning rabbits and lizard to get armor and keeping yourself well fed.The Stealth is rather responsive, hiding behind trees and ducking behind rocks to keep your location unknown you your visitors is good, and I find it interesting that the tribals Will actively watch over their territory, sending patrols out that can locate your camp, and will at times wait in the trees for you to return.The Forest it's self is a enemy to you, you can easily get lost and end up stumbling upon Hungry Tribals, or just loosing your barrings in General.But of course there are some hiccups, at times you can pick up items but they end up deleting out of your inventory, The inventory system could also use a fix so I'm not panicing trying wo switch to my axe when ambushed at the pond.What I want, Coop, and some better tools and weapons, and a Gilly suit would do nice for the stealth.Those and some more building options like Tree houses or Hidden homesBut besides that the game is worth your time, and 15 bucks is a good asking price for this Rather lovely game.So give it a chance and let yourself get lost in this True Survival Horror."
76561198067628795,Recommended,242760,11430873,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,KermitTheKripple,-Flew with Malaysian airlines (The reason behind why no one was on the plane)-Naked indian steals son-Wake up to find a flight attendant appear from the blue-Why are there dead people-Isn't there supposed to be a cockpit?-Get out of plane-Suitcases-Tennis balls-Throw into trees-Naked women jump from trees-Chop down trees with a plane axe-Tree hovers above it's stump-Build a base in worship of the tree-Surround tree in indian limbs-The tree falls-I cry-Drown myself-Wake up in sp00ky cave-How is possible-Oh well-Flare gun-Flares for lyf-Die by exploding spaghetti monsters9/11~IGN
,Recommended,242760,25830424,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Jango,My The Forest Review:-1000% more Fun with friends-Very spooky-Never die and then die again on the way to your loot bag-Fun Base Building-Beautiful World-Some amusing but at the same time annoying bugs-Early Access since WW28/10
,Recommended,242760,29177727,Posted: 10 January,all,storm-,"Such a great game! Sure it has its bugs because well it is an alpha after all, but it is sooo much fun to play! Its hard to write about the pros and cons for this game as it is only alpha.The Forest features its own unique style of building and crafting as well a horde of enemies. Enemies are passive until provoked or become too curious per say... You can leave 'em alone, kill 'em, or chop 'em up and eat them! I appreciate that the game has a co-op feature as an alpha build and in my time playing with friends it has been a delightful experience of horror survival fun. The game looks good and runs well with the exception of fps drops that sometimes happen when entering caves and getting launched because of the bugginess of the log carts & logs. Not sure what solo survival is like, but I can say co-op with friends is really fun. The story is rather interesting and I would like to see what the devs do to expand upon the story and its elements, and yeah this game is beatable with its own ending. Beat the game in normal mode and unlock the game's experimental hardmode with tougher enemies.All in all, I would definitely recommend buying (even in its early access state), and playing this game.10/10"
,Recommended,242760,34139983,Posted: 9 August,all,A R N O,A very realistic surviving game with the Co Op mode included.This game will show you how it feels when you are stranded on a Forest with full of mutants.Also this game has 8 player co op mode.Playing with 8 players is the most fun.This is an early access game.For this I will recommend you to buy this during the sale (y)
76561198093144876,Recommended,242760,13835441,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,0.2 ALOGA,"Horror Lumberjack Simulator 2015Try 1 -I spawn, i go to break open some luggage, gollum kills me. I wake up in the caves. I spend around an hour finding the exit. I finally climb out of the caves on a rope ladder and come out into this shed looking thing. I walk around, stretching my legs from the cramped caves. I fall back into the hole, only to die.Try 2 -I spawn again, only this time, Im on the beach. I decide to take a different approach. I quickly build a hunting shelter. I spend the night in the shelter huddling by my fire that got eventually put out by the rain. The next day, I directly go to build a small raft. I finally build it only to find out that it lacks a sail. After a really quick search, I realize that it hasnt been implemented yet. I decide to push the raft along and find a more suitable beach for life. I dock my raft in a little pond of invisible water right by the shore. I immediately place a large house. It requires 82 logs. I slave away until night time lumberjacking my hands off. After I put the last log I had into the house, I still had 12 logs left to collect. Then it dawned on me. I had no shelter made. I hastily put together a ramshackle standing fire and huddled by it as the natives gathered closer. Eventually the fire died as did I. By now, I was just so done. I just ran out of the caves and got killed by a native right as I came out. I turned off my computer. I just sat there, looking at a black, empty screen.10/10 would die again"
76561198126267064,Recommended,242760,10290215,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Bajamagedon,Imagine the crafting of minecraft/Rust mixed with the sceanery of Far cry 3 and now add the atmospheric horror of Outlast.That is The Forest.If you diddnt just♥♥♥♥♥in your pants you dont deserve to own this game.
76561198067790722,Recommended,242760,21377908,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,tingoat75,"This game is sick. Wish all my fingers were thumbs because that's how many thumbs up I'd give. Game is constantly evolving and in a great way. Keep up the good work, always looking forward to the next update."
,Recommended,242760,14103634,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,bob4life10,"in this show, you're set in alternate universe of ""Home Improvement"", where Tim Allen and Richard Karn (in co-op) crash land on a forest island during a vacation between seasons of ""Tool Time"". The primary goal of the game is to quickly ignore your kidnapped child and set about building tree houses and gazebos. to build your gazebos and cabin mansions, you need to deforest roughly 2/3rds of the forest to acquire enough logs. This is proven easy, however, since the plane crash has rendered both Tim and Richard the ability to chop down trees and run with logs at record speeds.As well as extremely inefficient carpentary, Tim and Richard have taken cues from Martha Stewart, and you're given the ability to decorate your weapons with teeth, or make festive human effigies that spruce up the now tree-devoid camp site. you can also decorate yourself in raw lizard skin and deer hides.your main adversary in the game are the birds. songbirds will swarm you like angry bees, and seagulls will fly out of your mouth from time to time. a proven method to deal with the birds is to surround yourself with a fire, which will burst the offending birds into flames, or simply standing next to a fire will suffice. Birds do not sleep.all in all a good game."
,Recommended,242760,13874115,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Gravedigger Fagus,"The best Buffalo Bill simulator I've ever played, 10/10.  The survival minigame is fun, too.  Murder dozens of people with an axe while taking home-made herbal remedies to help you with your crippling inferiority complex and self esteem problems!Is killing someone not good enough for you?  No worries - boil his skull and fashion a club out of it so you can go and hunt down his family, too!  Bored of slaughtering people while under the influence of questionable substances?  That's okay, you can spend a nice relaxing afternoon fashioning grotesque artwork out of their severed limbs and heads, if you're not too busy using them as weapons!"
76561198074680692,Recommended,242760,24795928,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Infernal,"Day 1: I awaken from my inflight nap to find this creepy looking kid clinging to my arm.. I knew I should of paid extra for busniess class. I look around the otherwise empty plane. Where the ♥♥♥♥ is my inflight meal and booze? there's a little turbulance and next thing we are minus half a plane and going down. Lol that kid isn't wearing his safety belt. He's screwed. We crash and I black out.I awaken once again, to a near naked oiled up man-thing scooping up the unconsious child, this upsets me somewhat because now I have no one to offer as a peace sacrifice to the natives. After he runs off into the bushes with the kid I yell ""SHOULD OF WORN YOUR SAFETY BELT YOU LITTLE ♥♥♥♥"" I help myself to numerous trays of inflight meals and booze glorious booze that due to some miracle survived the plane crash and are still sitting neatly on seats and shelves. I pick up random pill bottles and devour the contents and collect a pedometer from a foot, how ironic. Lucky for me, I am a paranoid survival enthusiast and was wearing my outdoor back pack complete with survival guide in preparation for this very event.Exiting the half a plane, grabbing a conviently placed fire axe fitted snuggly in that slack flight attendants chest, I raid a few luggage cases of the non existant passengers, mmm sexy panties. Wandering the beach at sunset, alchohol lines the beaches, natures natural drink cooler and notice a group of nudists. ♥♥♥♥ yes. This island is awesome. I run up to them waving my drink in greeting. The god of ♥♥♥♥ and wine has blessed this place!! They stare at me like I am some kind of freak, probably because I'm wearing clothes and this has obviously offended thier religon because the nearest native attempts to claw my eyejellies out, shocked I hi 5 him in the face with my axe and the natives flee, shiny butts bouncing in the sunlight.I keep moving, being the survivalist I am I slaughter a few fluffy bunnies and a lizard, skin them and find a nice spot to set up for the night. I start a fire with my trusty everlasting lighter. Thank goodness they kindly let me bring my lighter aboard the plane! I build a small shelter out of sticks and cook myself a lizard, you can just taste the intestinal parasites!Day 2-4:Not only am I a paranoid survival enthusiast. But I'm also an architect and master of construction! I have found a nice spot to start my new life here on this island, no point trying the planes radio, salvaging and rebuilding the yatch or boats I spotted on the beach or any of that ♥♥♥♥.I have lashed together some sticks to form a sturdy log sled! I have about 6 logs stacked ontop of the tiny twigs and another 2 logs carried by myself, with one arm. I push the sled along with the mere power of my pinky toe thankful for my Russian hertiage. I build myself a snazzy tree house because daddy issues meant I never had one as a child. I stash my porn in it along with the panties I salvaged from the wreck. I've got 4 walls, a drying rack, a fire, storage facilaties for my supplies, a freaking gazebo and a bunch of death traps surrounding my walls for those pesky natives, who despite the abundance of wildlife and edible plants, have opted for human flesh instead... Gotta hand it to them though, they have some really inspiring art peices, the man shoved through his own tennis rackets and every orifice crammed with tennis balls is my favourite, brings me to tears every time I see it. If I was going to make any effort whatsoever to return to human civilization, I'd totally steal some of thier work and sell it for millions. I've been working on my own style using the cannibals body parts, my centrepeice being 'head on a stick' I just can't seem to capture the same passions though.Day 5:Walls seem to be a weakness to the cannibals, they are in awe of them as they repeatedly ram thier faces into it, and growl at it. Small minded barbarians hahah.It's not so funny when they walk through my wall... the sole source of my security.. but it's funny again when they walk into my campfire and burn to death. My emotional roller coaster of fun and fear may have something to do with my wandering through the forest earlier eating shrooms.on my return to camp I accidentally walked into a fire, and caught fire to myself. In the rain. Adeles song has so much more meaning to me now."
,Recommended,242760,19422551,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MinimeTheGreat,Has good devs who update and improve their game.Pretty fun and beautiful.8/10
,Recommended,242760,10288487,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Shane Moffatt,"For those of you who don't want to read a load of text, then here is my short snippet of me playing this game.http://youtu.be/mMNDEOcIyrgFor those who want what i think of the game then keep reading!I started off in the forest crashing in the plane, my son next to me. This ended up after the crash with one of the cannibals appearing infront of me with my child.He runs away and you are alone, other than a few rabbits.So i pick up my axe and get ready to chop some tree's, i chop away and the whole tree come tumbling down, showering the floor with logs. I then check out my survival guide and am told to build a shlelter, i select it and get ready place it, to which i get attacked from behind and dragged into a cave.I open my eyes to see nothing but dead people and heads on sticks, it's dark, i'm lost and creeped out!The forest is so far a wonderfully creepy game, i wouldn't say a horror game in the sense you will be scared (at least for me).However you will constantly be on your toes, wondering what each and every noise is. You will be building your house and see people suddenly around you climbing the trees.The atmosphere is superb.The graphics are very nice too, considering this is an indie game in alpha i am VERY impressed.The sounds are a little bat at times, when the plane crashes it doesn't feel like there was much going on. The child is just sitting there not making a noise and so was i. Although this is most likely and alpha thing and there will be more when the game is more complete.Overall i would say even now in an alpha state this game is very muhc worth it's price as it captures what it is trying to do so well. Not to mention it will only get better and better, to which i assure you all this game will be extremely good when complete.If you like to be scared, if you like to survive then pick this up!"
,Recommended,242760,16921219,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Gorloss,The one early access game to be updated
76561198117794462,Recommended,242760,12645595,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,PyRo =-,"This game is pure innovative genius! It sucks you in from the start with a realistic plane crash, a mysterious island, and some weird naked dude who likes to sneak up on me while I'm chopping down trees. I decided to kill him...not the best idea I've ever had, as later that night while  I was snuggled up by my campfire, his buddies decided to show up. Now I understand this game is in alpha, but holy hell it's fantastic. The bad guys are fast moving, calculative creeps who won't give up. You can interact fully with the environment around you, and pretty much build an epic survival compound.Sure, there are bugs, but not many that I've seen. The worst of it is there's a bloody table that seems to haunt my camp. It has a life of its own as it floats around and crashes into my house. No problem! everything else so far seems to be working fine.So Jump in, immerse yourself and see how long you can survive. I think I've made it to about day 10 right now, and my fortress in impenetrable. I hope..."
76561198037107995,Recommended,242760,31226688,Posted: 18 April,all,Kitty Darius,"This game. Oh this game. I have loved this game for over 200 hours of my life. It's unique af, relatively scary and also hilarious. I've played and replayed it. Devs are proactive and creative. I guess the only bad thing for me is that the world starts to feel pretty small once you have spent a number of hours in it.Trolling the cannibals never really gets old though. It's worth the $15."
,Recommended,242760,23045983,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The Shostakovich,"This is one of the few early access games that I have faith in.The Forest is more than just a game for me, after visiting Yellowstone National Park in upstate Wyoming, I could really compare the seemingly cold-ish forest environment to The Forest because the devs in my opinion have changed so much since v0.01 to make it FEEL like you're in the forest. They work with graphics and just amazing sound. The environment feels so natural that I don't want to even be interupted when playing this game, because it's THAT GOOD!Starting from the beginning plane crash, the 1 minute-or-so intro is better than my 48 hours on DayZ, and is more interesting. On top of that the devs nailed the in-flight ambience, me just recently flying on a two hour plane to Chicago it was something to truly compare. When the plane splits into thirds the sounds of seperation deeply add to the immersion, I'm already wrapped into the game before even playing this thriller.On the surface, the atmosphere and environment is very well-done. I especially like stepping out for heavy winds blowing through the forest. At night the sound of cannibals screaming in the distance can also put one to a shiver. Cave environments are even more scary. The devs did so by adding fantastic ambience sounds and lots, and lots, of props that I won't spoil here.Also, the reason that this is the only early-access game I have faith in, is because the devs, number one, let you know when the next update is, and they have a suggestion thread which they RESPOND to! This way, you can look forward to the next update and really see what the devs are doing, and how the work well. I actually think my grandkids would be able to play a sequel to a sequel, to a sequel, etc. Because the development rate and consistency is so good. The devs have a LOT OF POTENTIAL HERE! DON'T RUIN IT!You may not like this, but the amount of content in this game, the amount of fun I've had in my -so far- 21 hours, is worthy of at least a 30$ game if not 40$.By realease, if the devs don't screw up you could be looking at a 50$ game. This game could be like Alien: Isolation, I say this because they've gotten a base for sound, environment, and horror. They just need to do more.I rate this game, as of this state, an 11/10, especially for being a trusty early-access. WITH CO-OP! Another pro!Truly a fantastic experience and I expect myself to continue to play it for a long time."
76561197994133435,Recommended,242760,18009510,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Cheetah,"I found myself addicted to this game, always wanting to know how far I can go. I can't wait for what's next in terms of updates."
,Recommended,242760,35180651,Posted: 24 September,all,Naked_GunPT,"Turtles, the main reason this is awsome cus of the Turtles.Turtles give you food and a shell to save water.Turtles dont attack you when you are killing her whole family in the ocean.Turtle is love.Turtle is life.Be like Turtle :)"
,Recommended,242760,14099662,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Captain Pronin,started the game only to get molested by hippies11/10
,Recommended,242760,34173989,Posted: 11 August,all,Keweiler,"I have waited a long time to buy this game because it came out 2014 as an early access and there was no co-op. Now that I've tried it I can say it is the best open world/horror game out there in my opinion, I have played 12 hours so far and will spend many more hours on this game! Playing it with a friend is a + but solo works fine.The game is still in early access but so far I have not seen any bugs and I can highly recommend this game! 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,29027302,Posted: 4 January,all,Fraddy  V™,"I'm impressed by the stunning visuals and depth of crafting, the sound blows me away and the overall feel of the game is superb. Even in early access this game performs better than most AAA games for more than half the price. Pair this with the fact the development team continues to update this product with new features, fix issues and keep the community up to date every step of the way it really just goes to show how we've barely seen this game scratch the surface of what it can deliver.About the gameThe game sees you as the main protagonist that was on a flight that crash-landed on a mysterious island occupied by cannibals. You have to scavenge supplies in order to survive, you then have to make basic shelter in order to start your journey of surviving in this hostile environment. Once you have constructed your initial camp you can then start gathering supplies to create more complex traps and equipment, this is a must if you want to find the rest of the plane passengers and most important of all, your son. The combination of eerie music, stunning visuals, great crafting system and the fact you have terrifying groups of cannibals hunting you down makes this game a real adrenaline ride."
76561198250882242,Recommended,242760,20595154,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TriggerHappy ✓ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ,- Leaves The forest due to tons of problems with it for 4 months.- Installs again and starts game up.- I can hear the in-game sound again :D :D :D- Start a new game and wander around for a bit- Stop and stare at mutated cannibals- They stare back and before they could react i was running at them with my axe.- I kill them in cold blood and chop them up and take a few limbs.- Explore the lush forest full of wildlife to come upon a snowy part of the forest.- Starts to get dark and cold.- Quickly pick up a few leafs and sticks for my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fire.- Start ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fire and starts to get hungry.- Starts to cook cannibal leg.- A mutant cannibal runs up to me and crouchs near opposite of my fire staring at me- I decide to name him Kevin- Kevin keeps his eyes locked on me as i start to pick up the cooked flesh of the cannibal leg and start nibbling on it.- He gets ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off and starts to run at me but mistakenly trips into my fire and is burned to death.- I mourn him for a couple of seconds and then start chopping him up to eat him and move on. 8.3/10
,Recommended,242760,10304799,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Jake,A bird landed on my arm. 11/10
76561198082322178,Recommended,242760,30154463,Posted: 24 February,all,Handsoap,"The survival/crafting genre has been milked to hell and back the past couple of years, with the quality of such games being more inconsistant than Robbaz's uploading schedule. This game however... PHWOAR!The graphics are glorious, utilising lighting and particle effects to compensate for the slightly subpar textures, yet it runs like a dream. There's not much else to say, it's so damn gorgeous. The gameplay? Surprisingly polished! Everything works just about perfectly, nothing is too stiff or dysfunctional. I may have uh, ricoched into the air a couple of times, but none resulted in my slow and PAINFUL demise. I did fall through the floor at one point, and these clipping issues are something I'm sure the devs will iron out over time. It's difficult to remember the game's in alpha.Everything is fun to do, and it's difficult to become tired of the tens of buildables within the survival book. Playing with my friends in this game was the greatest experience I've had in a long time. Add this to the fact that the devs are adding and tweaking content regularly, The Forest is simply a glorious buy.9/10, would accidently step on fire again.(Oh and stock up on cloth)"
76561198128809952,Recommended,242760,24033297,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,GeneralGinger,1.) Crash on their island2.) begin to kill them on sight3.) wonder why they start attacking my settlement4.) assume its becuase they are the bad guys and  im the good guy trying to find my son even though they technically saved him5.) wipe out hundreds of their tribe with no remorse becuase they kidnaped my son by saving him6.) get beaten by giant spider creature7.) die8.) repeat9/10 too many trees
,Recommended,242760,13189145,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Hans,"This game contains bugs, But thats just the dark side of the moon. The game has regular updates with new content and has recently had Coop added, this makes it go from a good game to a great game. Worth the price and can easily become one of your top played games and hopefully your freinds too. Stick with this game because I am pretty sure its just gonna get better and better.8.5/10P.S. do NOT listen to the minges in these reviews, things like ""Died at start 10/10, boobs 10/10"" they are just little kids."
76561198269086577,Recommended,242760,22762857,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ChaoticMaximus,"This game is amazing. It is so realistic made forest. You begin on the plane with your son and suddently your plane crashes to island with mutants and canninbals. The canninbal takes the child and your goal is to save him, but as you begin to explore and survive you begin to face the mutants, canninbals, weather changes...You can built an awesome bases around the crashed plane, on forest, on mountains, on beach and even in caves (BEWARE: Each time you save or spawn there, the mutants an canninbals will spawn too. If you build your base right between where canninbals have camps, then expect to have attacks, they will come everytime). Also making traps against canninbals is sweet idea, so you can protect yourself against them and finished them with normal or modern axe.I gaved three copies to my friends and we created a lot of bases and traps but theres more to explore :3Yes the game is in alpha stage, so expect some funny or weird bugs for example like:- Throwing TNT on the ground around 5 trees and suddently 10 more trees fall down but in the end you get a lot of logs, (NOT FIXED, still funny tho)- Canninbals no clipping through trap when the trap isnt activated, (FIXED)- When you chop down the tree, few logs launch into air high, (FIXED)- Spider Mutant or Armsy Mutant destroys one part of your base but can accidently destroy other side of your base somehow. (FIXED)- Trying to hit canninbals while they just stand and you somehow get hitted once or twice. (FIXED)Me and my friends are enjoying this game so much because its fun and open world and exploring so much new things.And in every update this game gets better and better.If you love forest and exploring on adventure to find and built stuff, you should get this game right now :DKeep it up developers, you did an amazing job on this game.EDIT: So here we are, the 1000 hour record. This game still never gets old, I know every single corner and location in this open world and I know how to fight with canninbals and when to retreat if low health or stamina. I have seen the ending, yep its sad but awesome. The new updates since this review came were awesome and they fixed a lot of bugs. And the canninbals are getting smarter by each update :)"
,Recommended,242760,28660392,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JC1M,Really indeept game with a lot of various ways to survive. This game is scary♥♥♥♥♥♥bro. Trust me
76561198066296000,Recommended,242760,12027768,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Holy cow! Heavy-ish,Spent 15 minutes building a houseboat.After I placed the final log it flew into the air and summersaulted out of existance.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10314506,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,FuzzSlam,"The Forest is a survival horror game that actually does survival horror right, from the sound to how everything looks, Thats why I instantly fell in love with The Forest, the immersion. If you have ever played the Silent Hill series, you would know of how good a job it makes you feel like you're alone, but not ALONE. And that is what seperates The Forest from the rest of the ""zombie"" survival ""horror"" games, it gets rid of the generic zombie foe that you don't mind putting a couple rounds into and gives you a native cannibalistic tribe that may make you think before taking them out incase one of them gets away and alerts the rest of the tribe.This game is legitimately scary, from your first sighting of the tribe searching the plane wreck to the first time you get knocked out and dragged to their cave. It's purely atmospheric horror and It doesn't just rely on cheap scare tactics like jump-scares and loud noises like other survival horror games.Now on to the survival aspect of The Forest, I personally think this part was really well done, it actually makes you adapt and survive! From not being able to eat raw meat and actually having to put it onto the fire and wait for it to cook so you don't burn it, to simply how the tree cutting animations are and finding berries that are not poisonous to eat.At the moment it's pretty buggy. But what do you expect from a pre-alpha? I'm really looking forward to seeing what Endnight games can do with The Forest in the future. This game would easily be Game Of The Year for me, normally I wouldn't even fathom choosing a game like this for GOTY, but The Forest is just perfect to me, and can definitely see this being one of my all time favorites."
,Recommended,242760,16098690,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,aarow,"The Forest gives you some starter survival help in the form of ever-replenishing suitcases filled with snacks, but besides that, leaves you bloodied and alone to live or die, by your own will and cunning.Before you perfect the art of surviving this world, or even learn how to chop a tree down properly,  night and mutants arrive to test your defenses and your nerves. You get hungry and thirsty in painfully realistic intervals. ""Oh I'm famished again, let me just pick this delicious looking mushroom..."" Game Over, you made it 1 days!Once you get the hang of it though, the stark, real-yet-unreal presence  of The Forest itself begins to take over as the main character, for which you are at best a temporary witness. Perhaps it's a kind of pergatory, or another dimension, but whatever this land is, it is also unquestionably beautiful.Build a ringfort, or the ultimate tree-house, or some other way of staying warm and safe from the ever-curious and ever-hungry mutants (they really like the airplane snacks, and you happen to have eaten nothing but said airplane snacks for a week).No matter what you build, or where you go, or what you kill or call into being, the most compelling piece of this game is that you remain alone, in a fetchingly hostile place, which drives you toward answers that are as yet unknowable.Whatever the metaphoric weight of all this might mean, simply taken as a work of art, it doesn't get more lovingly rendered than this game, which makes one believe that this small team is capable of even greater things.9/10"
,Recommended,242760,21233944,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Feisty,"Things that happened to me.Pros--Finally got rid of my son, was about to put him up for adoption-The first time a naked women would case me-Got more attention from the cannibals than my parents-Tried to spear fish, ended up killing my friend-Didnt know how to build for the 1st hour of playingCons-Too funLost my Social life & job"
,Recommended,242760,12474619,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Ducky of War,"A friend of mine bought this on Early Access. I, myself, was a bit skeptical of buying games that are still in development, but after watching my friend, I was sold on the game. This game is brimming with potential and it's only in pre-Alpha. I cannot even imagine what the finished product will look like.This game is sure to pull you in with the atmosphere it creates, the gameplay, graphics and sound effects it presents. With this game, you'll end up spending hours constructing your perfect fort, hunting animals and killing cannibals. And the fact, that it gets updated with new features, about every month, is sure to maintain your confidence in this project, if not bolster it. More than worth the money I paid."
,Recommended,242760,25832630,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Freake420,I'm almost at my 1200th hour in this game. Hands down the best game I've ever played. I would encourage anyone to buy it and play the hell out of it!Happy Gaming!
,Recommended,242760,20441371,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Reinoran,"I dont normally do any reviews of any game, because i simply dont care, but, when you encounter certain games that you really enjoy you feel compelled to do soThe forest its a really interesting survival with excellent graphics, ambient, theme and mostly environment, it feels so unique and wonderful the place itself, you eventually feel like you are inside of the islandThe only thing that i would add to the game its more objectives, more things to do around, or for example, that depending of how many days you have survived you start getting waves and waves of mutants, it should get harder to survivee and MOST OF ALL, what i would like to see its a hardcore mode on mutiplayer that if you die or anyone dies 2 times, you permanently die or at least are unable to spawn until 1 day or something like that, because the fact that you simply respawn on the plane takes away the danger element and the vulnerability of the game, you dont really fear dying since you know you just respawn and thats it.Make it more challenging and to horribly fear death and losing everything, a game that once everyone dies, the save game erase itself, there must always be 1 survivor to make your friends re spawn in some hours again, i know the concept seems hard to understand but all i want its to really fear the forest and surviving, and not just harvest wood until i get bored of building stuff.Keep up the good work and let me know about your thoughs of a hardcore mode"
,Recommended,242760,10586880,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Standard Bunny #Road2AnalEbola,"Finally someone has made a game from my dreams,Most games only give a quick jump scare every now and again, but The Forest keeps its scare factor going, just walking around trying to get supplies is scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥still in alpha so it's more buggy than bethesdas released games but even still an amazing game, took a while to come to grips with everything, where to hide, where to make camp and where to forage for supplies, but even the search is fun and scary as hell, highly reccomend.First death, woke up next to a spider-mutant 11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again"
,Recommended,242760,16685464,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sgt. Peperoni,"Well, I've officially played enough of this game that I feel like I can give a solid reveiw (and a TL;DR version). I played this game a lot on a friend's computer, and logged in over sixty hours before I bought it myself. So, with over 100 total hours of play between single and multiplayer, I have to say -  I love this game, and I cannot play it enough.TL;DR,Pros>Get to survive a plane crash>Fight hordes of savages with some of the best AI I've come across>Option to stay peaceful and coexist with said savages>Cannibalism>Sick crafting action>Mad raft drifts>Frequent updates with countdown to next update>Dope Spelunking>Horror is 11/10 levels of Nope>You can lumberjack down the whole The Forest like it's Pioneer Simulator 2015 Elite Edition>Looks better than Crysis 2>Mad survival simulation; you have to keep warm, dry, clean, hydrated and well fed. Good luck.>Close enough to reality that you'll never want to go to Vancouver Island (the island looks like its in BC, to clarify)Cons>Occasionally an update will be bumped back a day or two>Official wiki is poorly maintained>Game loses it's sheeit when you're hosting a large game>Can't viciously murder Canadian Geese>...This game is fraking amazing - I really love survival horror games, and this game was the first game to give a great balance for both. I have never been truly unsettled by a vidya as much as I have The Forest. No spoilers, but there is a great and unexpected amount of body horror and truly unsettling caves. the crafting and building in this game are great, and as of version 0.18b they have both been incredibly fluid. There are frequent updates that add great new content, and every new update has cemented my love of the game. Oh, and it's fraking gorgeous. Like, for real dood - it looks better than Skyrim and a big chunk of other AAA games.And the freedom dood - you can completely avoid conflict (a new breed of stealth) or hunt down every single other person on the island and murder (and cannibalize) them. Wanna live on a lake? Make a houseboat. Wanna live in the woods? Make a log cabin, or a treehouse. Explore the mountains and caves, looks for signs of other survivors... or just chill out and farm. The fact that there is such a small dev team that are so involved and hard at work is impressive, and as a Canadian I am astounded that they're based in British Columbia (it's great to see Canadian Content that isn't amateur as frak).I can't recommend this game enough - it's like an HD First person version of Don't Starve,but way more indepth and a lot more realistic.11/10, the greatest video game to come out of Canada (including GTA III and Mass Effect, yes)."
76561198038715151,Recommended,242760,25664882,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Nivellen,"I remember getting this game so long ago, maybe even when it was first available. Playing it now, shows how far this game has gotten. It is freaking awesome. SO many new things are added in because it is constantly being updated. I first played alone, I think it was only singleplayer when it first came out. However, this is not the way to play the game. YOU MUST PLAY WITH YO FRIENDS. The memories and trials that you all will survive through is irreplaceable. Why is it so fun to put body parts on a stick and make traps with your friends? I don't understand it. Anyway, the amount of new craftable crap is amazing compared to when it first came out. You can entertain yourself just by building your settlement. When do don't feel like doing that, you can go explore, which always brings up someting interesting. All in all, it is a very great game at a very modest price. I salute the devs, this is how you make a survival game."
76561198069824256,Recommended,242760,13235008,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Zeroreckoning,Terryfying when the music starts playing and you have no idea where are the cannibals. But very satisfying when you kill them with your upgraded axe. Then this game starts to make you feel like you're an actual person in the game and vow for revenge onto the cannibals. It also gives you the real feeling when you explore in caves instead of RPG like where you don't feel anything when you do. Overall I gotta say it's a great game and developers keep up with the updates not to dissapoint us. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,11017628,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ScottishGeek Plays,"Since the inclusion of Peaceful mode I have thoroughly enjoyed exploring the forest without worrying about getting one hit killed by a random cannibal. I love the atmosphere in both modes and I honestly cannot wait for each new update to arrive.I hope the game never gets finished.....don't misunderstand me though, I don't mean the developers should fail, I mean that there is infinite potential for updates and new tasks and items to be added. so to the developers I ask only this - Please never be done with this and keep releasing new things for us all to yearn for.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uqahpuhmQk"
,Recommended,242760,20680282,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,GB1989,"I came back to The Forest after leaving it alone for some time and was extremely happily surprised to see how much it's been updated. I thought to myself, ""This is going to be great! I loved this game when it first came out, and now, I'm going to love it more!"", I was right in thinking that, but there is a darker side to this tale.At first, everything was smooth. I did my usual method of surviving by first off, looting everything I could from the crashed plane and the luggage around it. Then I did some recon, working out if there were any cannibal camps nearby and locating a good spot for my own camp site. I found a good spot, near the beach so there was fish nearby and also the abandoned boat. I was lucky that I came across some rope so soon, so I set up some molotov tripwires around my camp, built a fire pit and a sleeping point.All was good, I was avoiding the cannibals just fine. I was spotting them off in the distance every now and then while I was hunting for food, but they never seemed to come too close to my camp. At least, until one day.I was skimming along the beach, killing lizards for their skin and meat, and as I made my way back to my camp, I heard a blood chilling god awful screech. imagine a pig cross bred with a cat that had just been stabbed by a blade covered in lemon juice, that's the kind of scream it was. Saying it made me jump would be an extremely light way to put it!And of course, I soon found what made the scream. Near my camp, sitting on a rock and just studying my home was a cannibal scout leader. I could tell since he was decorated with arms galore! At this point, a staring contest began. We both just watched each other, and I can't lie, I was terrified that he was going to attack. But then I realized something! He was alone. I made sure, looking around carefully to see if there was any others. There wasn't, so I made the first move! I struck him, whacking him with my hand made axe until he was lying on the ground in agony, breathing heavily. Then, I took out a rock, stood over him and cracked his skull in until he was dead.Doing this, I did feel a bit sick since I had just caved in a living things face with a rock, but I was safe. He hadn't alerted other cannibals to my campsite, so I felt relaxed at least. In case this happened again though, I cut up the cannibals body, taking his head and sticking it on a spike as a warning to any others that may come across my camp. I figured that should ward them off if any come too close again.I think I made a huge mistake... That night, I was sleeping, my characters sanity having gone down a little from when I cut up that corpse. But as I rested, expecting to wake up the following morning, I was stunned to find myself waking up inthe middle of the night. ""What the... Why isn't the sun up?!"" is what I first said. And then I remembered.You can't sleep if there's an enemy nearby...When I realized this, I dropped a brick in my underwear... The first thing I did was crouch, staying in some bushes right near my bed, looking around constantly. What was worse, the only light was the moon, since lighting a fire at night is one BAD idea if there's something nearby. I knew I couldn't do anything to draw attention, and I knew something was out there.I was constantly looking around, hearing twigs snapping, bushes rustling, things moving all around my camp, all the time I was just constantly whispering, ""What the fu*k?!"" over and over. Every now and then, I could see a glance of something moving around the trees. My blood pressure must of been crazy high at this point, but it was about to get a lot higher...Out of no where, like something from a nightmare, another monstrous scream rang out! It was so sudden and so terrifying that I actually screamed myself. Not like a man, either. I screamed like a little girl and yanked my headphones off, shaking my head going ""No, no, no, no, nope, nope, nope, nope!"" I closed my eyes, breathing and panting heavily, my hands were shaking on my keyboard and mouse...Whatever kind of cannibal was out there, it was close. That I knew. And the worst part was, I couldn't sleep until it was gone. So... I put my headphones back on, determined to be as brave as I could and I statyed where I was, hidden in some bushes, shaking like a nervous wreck as I looked around constantly in a panicked state. You have no idea how terrifying it is to have no light, everything around you completely darkened, making it so hard to see any little thing, and all the time, you hear things moving around you and you have no idea if it was a raccoon or something that could kill you...I don't know how long it took, but when the sun finally came up, I breathed a sigh of relief and gave thanks to the gods as my panting finally stopped. I was covered in sweat! Still shaking! And I looked around my camp, making whatever was out there in the night was gone. It was, so I saved my game and quit to windows until I'm next feeling brave enough to venture into The Forest.As a man in my 20's and a huge fan of horror, having loved the genre for over 10 years, I'm used to all sorts of things and this isn't a boast when I say this, but I am extremely hard to scare.However, this game, The Forest? It's the first thing in years to make me sream like a little girl. Impressive!10/10 would make my underwear brown again.And I'm so buying this game when it comes out on PS4 as well!"
76561198210685960,Recommended,242760,16778941,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Benii,i saw naked people eating other peoplei killed them then ate themi killed a lizard and wore its skinthen i came home and played the forest
76561198017134699,Recommended,242760,11856591,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Cdc1893,"I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for mutants like you. If you let my son go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you."
76561198094775445,Recommended,242760,34706011,Posted: 3 September,all,Envy,"Nice open world survival game graphic  (8.5/10)Survive from enemy, explore, craft n craft ur items.  (8.5/10)Hard work (8.5/10)Many people on online coop (8/10)Explore, survive,  beat the enemy with friend or not(8.5/10) for this game"
,Recommended,242760,13039067,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Charlie Fi5hykins,They've added co-op. What else can i say?
,Recommended,242760,19579222,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dimmerworld,killed a crawling baby fetus
,Recommended,242760,22357080,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,JakeLR,"Fantastic game! Lot's of fun with friends! (Prefer co-op mode)Build your own city/town/castle! whatever you like!I recommend to anyone who want's to try something new, buy this game! countless hours of fun!"
,Recommended,242760,12949565,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,๖ۣۜMax,"Fun, promising, scary, hard, buggy, good looking, boring, exciting... Everything that fine young cannibal game should have."
,Recommended,242760,15520594,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,KeenDreams,"i3-4150, EVGA 750ti Superclocked mini ITX system.Resolution: 1920x1080Average framerate:40-60fps Max settings (Bloom off), 50-60+FPS Medium settings.Graphics settings: High-Max SettingsAverage framerate: 50-60FPSInput device used: Mouse and Keyboard.**Note** Put Terrain setting on High(Parallax Occlusion) even if you're running at low or medium settings. The terrain looks much, much more realistic while barely affecting performance and framerate.I bought this game last year and recently started playing it again. I actually just bought a copy for my brother so that we could play coop. Let me just start by saying that this is a mixed review, though I will be giving it a thumbs up because it's improved tremendously since last May.Pros:-The Cannibal AI seem to be much more intelligent and unpredictable than the last time I played. They chase you on all fours very quickly, seem to get used to burning effigies, and always seem to thwarth your plans at remaining safe.-There seems to be a few more animals and the crafting system is a little more polished.-The graphics and graphical options and presets are much more diverse.-The addition of co-op is amazing. Though it definitely needs more work, after playing for a few hours with my brother we came to the conclusion that the devs must put more focus on this aspect of the game.What I'd like to see in coop gameplay:-Sharing and giving items between players.-When hosting a game, the player I invited always spawns back to the plane after they die. I load at my last save point, see player 2 flash quickly, and they then reappear at the plane.-When a player puts meat on the drying rack, I don't see it. He doesn't see my meat. There is also a bug when we both make a log sleigh or carry cannibal bodies: They are invisible.-A bunkbed system in which the two players fall asleep at the same time. The lack of sleep in co-op is sort of unrealistic. I'd say maybe have it so that each player has to press a key within 5 seconds so that they can all fall asleep simultaneously and wake up at the same time.-When I host a game, I see a wild boar, but the other player sees a deer. This doesn't break the game, but it's quite a funny bug.-Knives. It's almost weird that they're not included in the game. They could be used to improve and/or upgrade tools and also as a weapon.-We aren't 100% certain of this, but we're pretty sure the cannibal/mutants seem to be less frequent and perhaps ""dumbed down"" in coop?- Rechargeable Crank flashlight?I am aware that the game is still in Early Access, but I will mention this: The developers are listening to the community and are actively working on the game. They have a very detailed list of their fixes on their website and I will say with confidence that this is probably the best early access title I've played, especially for the price that it's selling for."
76561198075754330,Recommended,242760,30806444,Posted: 28 March,all,TheBroDuggy,"Amazing game to play with friends , building is so different to any other game.Looks like the devs are heading in a good direction too"
,Recommended,242760,29789376,Posted: 8 February,all,AtlasBlu45,"Waking up on an island in the middle of nowhere filled with cannibals after your plane has crashed and your son has been kidnapped might not seem like the vacation you wanted but it's definitely a survival situation! Explore, survive and kill cannibals and mutants (desperately trying to thin out their population) while having the main goal of trying to find your son (does this count as spoilers?).+Beautiful graphics+Cannibals (why not?)+Tortoises <3+Sea Turtles <3Recommended. (just for the 2 last points!)🐢﻿🐢﻿🐢"
,Recommended,242760,10317326,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Zodiac,Just slaughtered cannibals and made effigies out of their parts !Best Survival to come ...
76561198105572418,Recommended,242760,10293953,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Moist Cheese,"what an amazing experience, being molested by cannible tribesmen has never been so much fun!"
,Recommended,242760,12889972,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,A wild OchiDO,I BELIEVE I CAN FLYhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=381346955
,Recommended,242760,14644123,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Hallowbaby,"THINKING BOUT GETTIN THIS GAME???DO IT-Multiplayer is fun.. You can get long sharp sticks and exile people named Richy to the cannibal camps as a sacrifice.-Don't like fire? YOU CAN JUST FREEZE TO DEATH. Takes being a human popsicle to a whole new level!-Even if you're not playing multiplayer, you will never be alone surronded by cannibals. You can chop off heads and put them on sticks for your personal company :)  Overall I give this game a rating of 9.95/11"
,Recommended,242760,14106199,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jim Schrute,"Came for the naked women chasing me around, stayed for the 80's power metal or whatever was one cassette 1."
,Recommended,242760,10330609,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,No.525300887039.flac,s
,Recommended,242760,10332904,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Brampf,"I hit a corpse with an axe, flew into the air and died on impact with the ground 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,13990453,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Hot Pocket,Built a house in a tree and now I can't get down without being attackedI need help.
,Recommended,242760,20770306,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TexasTheEdiot,"The entire reason I began PC Gaming was because of DayZ. Well that game is horrible compared to The Forest, and it makes up for the disappointment DayZ gave me. My friend and I play this game a good amount together and when you think you've seen it all, this game has even more to throw at you.Pros:- Fight Cannibals with Cannibalism- Crafting System- Dynamic Weather- You'll get Sp00ked- Player has the Choice to End the Game- Custom Housing- Treetop Communities are Possible- Burn People Alive with a Flare Gun- Jumping into a Giant Sinkhole and losing everything - or nothingCons:- Hunting a Deer makes you feel like a Monster when you kill it (It Cries)- Alligators/Crocodiles are Scarier than Sharks- Dynamite Explosion is a 5/10- The 4-8 legged 16 armed creatures will be in your nightmares (but the final boss is wayyyyy worse)- Sharks spawn on the beach in Multiplayer (You Can't Hunt Them)Overrall this is a great game for any PC gamer"
,Recommended,242760,31887591,Posted: 21 May,all,✪ TЄSL4,best survival game that i ever playdownloading about less then 2 gig =good storyawesome qualitybest simulator of survivalfun to play with friendsevery update will developing this game
76561198082806470,Recommended,242760,31656875,Posted: 9 May,all,Skull_De_Shot,"Pros:1. can kill animals2. can eat said animals3.can craft fire4. can be burnt by fire5.can craft buildings6.can destroy buildings7.can go exploring8.can upgrade some weapons9.can plant plants and harvest them10.Multiplayer! (1-8)11.(if you want no cannibals) *Menu screen type* ""veganmode"" no need for enter and u wont see the text all you will see is the image of the menu change with yellow writing saying the cheat is active.cons:1.Cannibals are too common (day or night)2.Rabbit breeding isnt working cage says (get two rabbits and what them multiply)3.FPS issue some dont have it, some do a tweak around in Graphics control panel will fix it to some point.4.Night is annoying mainly sleep - pointless5.Not much of a selection of animals (prob will be after more updates)6.not much of a weapon selection7.needs more crafting option8.needs a better building crafting engine. (its alright just some snaps are annoying.9.Ejjies or what ever they are called (don't work)10.Bigger island.Over all <----> BUY IT."
76561198118612748,Recommended,242760,13996851,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Je2za©™,1. Buy the game2. Install the game3. Get stranded on island while a naked mutant takes away a kid4. Gather supplies5. Build shelter6. Bend over and prepare to get butt f***** by mutants7. Die21/10
,Recommended,242760,21553020,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,(CGU) Uncle Beebs,"I have never had more fun and been more stressed out in a game before, building my fortress is super fun and almost relaxing, until some crazy naked cannibal comes up and starts beating the crap out of me, and making me pee my pants a little. One minute you are just walking through one of the prettiest enviroments on pc right now, the next you find dead tennis players with tennis balls stuffed in their mouths. I still dont understand why you are busy making a lincoln log house instead of trying to find your kid, but hey after awhile you forget about the child lol. A must buy for people who like almost every genre"
,Recommended,242760,23483400,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Ra,-Go to a cave.-Lost in the cave.-Wild naked man appears and Scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you-Panic.-ALT+f4-Go to a cave again.-Die again-Wait for a friend
76561198134123641,Recommended,242760,29371897,Posted: 20 January,all,NoApplesForShini,"This game is the survival game I wanted for so long. I've played unturned and H1Z1 and rust... but none of them come close to this game. When it comes to survival games, I am not a fan of the ""everyone is my enemy"" mindset that people have in rust. I understand that not everyone will be friendly.... but not everyone should be toxic either. I simply could not get immersed into the aforementioned games. Now the forest, oh man. It's you (and your friends if you wish) against some scary AI. You'll always be checking your back and sometimes you'll be glad you did. The gameplay is simply fantastic.The graphics of this game are pretty outstanding as well. Everything looks nice and is realistic enough to make you feel like you're in the game. The weather is what really helps this though. There is a day/night cycle, and it can randomly rain with a storm. You'll just really appreciate the graphics and audio of this game.Overall, I have no complaints at all. There will be a bug here and there (mainly in coop) but nothing that make me want to uninstall the game. I would say this EA game has been done right and I would've happily paid more that $10 for it. Def worth buying if you want a survival game that doesn't include a community of toxic players."
76561198013973127,Recommended,242760,21146146,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Torquil,Me and three buds playing co-op.Out scavaging just outside our secure perimeter.Dude pops up over a hill and approaches us.Stops about 20 feet away and stares at each of us. Creepy.After sizing us up decides 3 against 1 is crap odds so he starts to back up.Then 3 of his buds show up. He gains back his confidence.He starts advancing. Slowly at first and then...They charge!!!We make a mad dash for the gate to our compound.They run around beating on the wall for a while.One stands on a stump  and peeks over the wall at us.I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself.Totally digging this game.
76561198011645732,Recommended,242760,16320366,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Swift_Eye,"I've been really interested in the open-world survival genre, and purchased a few of the popular early release games. I tried a lot of the ones that focus on MMO-type gameplay, and quicky became bored with them. I can only walk around for so long starving to simply get shot by some guy with a cowboy hat as soon as he sees me.I finally decided to try out the The Forest, and it's the first one of the genre that I've been thoroughly impressed by. With an indie team of 3 devs, the game has a surprisingly polished look and feel. It creates the creepy atmosphere it's going for perfectly. I'm writing this review after my first night of playing, and I've only played co-op so far, so I can strongly recommend playing with a friend (but I'm sure playing alone would be just as satisfying and probably more creepy).I already have come to love the building system. Rather than punching trees endlessly, you design out your building initially and it shows you what resources you need to collect to complete the structure. You then go out to find those resources. It's amazing how much more immersive the game is when the tree actually falls and you carry a few logs back at a time to your shelter-in-progress.Had a great time after my first few hours, and I can't wait to get a little more confident to explore the more dangerous parts of the forest."
,Recommended,242760,17051091,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Zuma,"What can I say...♥♥♥♥♥♥hot development team releasing new updates every 2 weeks. One of the best solo survival games out at the moment and although it's still in early access I already have over 300 hours played, Can't recommend this game enough.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzy6-h0cVTk&index=1&list=PLQXxdMEVsVZfmDAMxL0KXhZ110SdSv1-n"
,Recommended,242760,19527041,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,♦ N3wton ™ ♦,"I never write reviews. However I feel this game needs one.I may only be four hours in but I'm hooked.Pros -* Visually stunning.* Good crafting system.* Immersive.* Multi player.Cons -* A dedicated server would be nice so friends can play it whilst I'm sleeping.* A few lag spikes, normally in combat (however this game is still alpha so I'm not that fussed).* Modding would be amazing in the game, but again it's alpha and there is more than enough to do :)Really looking forward to the evolution of this game!"
,Recommended,242760,14427442,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,THE NOSIKA SHOW,!
,Recommended,242760,10344142,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Lord Cebo,Got killed by canibals who ran on the bottom of the ocean. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,25772545,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Oberjäger Báthory,"Do you like the smell of fresh pine, sawdust, and decay on the wind?Do you enjoy chopping people down as much as you do chopping trees down?Do you love dark, claustrophobic caves full of wretched abominations?Have you ever wanted to say '♥♥♥♥ you' to Mother Earth and exterminate wildlife in several miles' radius?Then I have the game for YOU!Put short and sweet, The Forest is a Near-AAA title trapped by slow development and plentiful bugs.Even with its problems, this game has to be commended for its attention to detail and somewhat unique take on the survival genre- And even if you disagree there, it's still fun to cut trees down and build♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:-Somewhat Cliche' storyline so far but fair enough on its own.-Could really use memory leak patching.-Needs more ranged weapon variety and customization.-Plenty of bugs.-Gets somewhat stale due to slow updates, could really use a bit of revamping to give it more replay valuePros:+Rich environment full of life, forest feels 'alive'+Pretty good graphics, especially for an ""indie"" title+Fairly well-done enemies that genuinely creep you out sometimes, constantly watching unseen..+Makes you feel like a true lumberjack+Lots of fun in multiplayer, many goofs to be had"
76561198011640243,Recommended,242760,22810582,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Fish,"Good LAN game! This game is lots of fun when playing with friends. Playing alone it becomes a little dry.+ Unique theme+ Fun team oriented play+ Decent graphics- Combat could use some polishing- Too many cannibals, the suspense is ruined after the first day- Similar to the above point, should be scarier (this doesnt mean gorier)- Building is too grindy, playing with 6 people our fort felt like Isengaurd as we orc'd the land for all of its resources."
,Recommended,242760,13353703,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SolidSamFisher,The classically simple Etch-a-Sketch is one of the best-known toys of a generation and remains popular today
,Recommended,242760,21470593,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ducknberg,"Game is still in early access but know this:Every 20 days a mega update is released with new features and places to discoverGame is fun as hell with your friendsMutants get aggressive and more with timeSurvival is not easy but funOverall, get it cuz it's worth the money"
,Recommended,242760,34908362,Posted: 12 September,all,Piper Chapman,"best survival open world / alone or with someone elseeven if it's in alpha state for a few years now ,it improved so much and the good thing, it's still improving .one cannot get enough of it . ten outta ten ."
,Recommended,242760,29794691,Posted: 8 February,all,Di5tincti0n,"Alright, where shall I begin...For starters this game is the kind of horror games that need to happen more often. The gameplay style is a great aspect of the game. Also the concept the game follows is an absolutly brilliant combination of horror and survival. However one of the problems I have (maybe because my computer isn't that good idk) is aan occasional fps drop. Other than that it's a great game. It's fun in both Co-Op and singleplayer. How I would rank this gameGraphics: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Originality: 8/10Concept: 10/10Crafting: 7/10The crafting I'm not really a fan of although I will admit it is better than most games crafting features.I would recommend this game to anyone really. It's a game that actually fits into a lot of play styles"
,Recommended,242760,13112460,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Scoobs and Doobs,"The Forest is one of the many survival games you will find in early access. But in my opinion this is not one of the terrible ones. It has constant updates making the game better all the time, for example co-op just came out! But this is not only a survival game, it’s also horror. When you explore them caves for the first time with your little lighter that keeps going off you will be scared. Really scared.EnemiesThe enemies are not zombies. Yes, you heard a survival game with NO zombies! This has mutants. The mutants are very well made and will take different approaches towards you, for example one mutant on its own tends to run off. It will then come back with its friends. They also attack in turns a lot. One will attack then pull back and another will try to hit you. They climb trees to ambush you and will also try to flank you. In the deepest caves you will find the really terrifying ones. These ones are proper mutants.SurvivalYou will need to eat, drink, keep your energy up, keep your health up and build a shelter. You will also be defending yourself against mutants while doing all of that. To survive you need to hunt, fish, scavenge camps, chop trees and fight.  You will need to hunt and fish to eat and keep your energy and health up. You will need to scavenge camps for items you can craft and also for food. You will need to chop trees to build a shelter, create traps, and more. You will need to fight so you don’t die.EnvironmentThe environment is amazing! From the forest its self with the high trees to the sandy beaches scattered with camps.  No matter where you are, you won’t feel safe. You will need to use the environment to help you survive.  The forest has the trees you need for the camp. Around the beaches you will find more rocks. In the caves you will find better equipment. Just remember the caves are home to the mutants.Co-op!I’ve played co-op with one friend, and in my opinion it made the game much better. It does make the game easier but it feels much better knowing you have a friend watching your back while you make a shelter. Right now co-op is full of bugs but I’m sure they will disappear one by one as the developers improve the game.I hope you enjoyed reading this review as I did enjoy writing it!"
76561198128529377,Recommended,242760,19413749,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Maria,"Absolutely amazing game <3If you like to build or explore this is it.there is both beautiful nature and creepy caves and cannibals there attack at night.It's easy to handle and learn, and you can build almost everything, the only limited is your imagination."
,Recommended,242760,24733604,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,vsmh,"Day 0: book flight with Malaysia AirlinesDay 1: Maylasia Airlines ""lands"" on forest islandDay 2: Meets NativesDay 3: Natives not welcomingDay 4: Discovered how to improve native weponsDay 5: no longer survival this is now COLONIZATION!!Day 6: Builds city- deforestation is realDay 7: Built wall to keep ilegal immigrants out of my city10/10 would make the forest great again"
,Recommended,242760,25011266,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,shogoz,"There are a lot of developers out there who intentionally keep their games in what I like to call 'development limbo' and add one update every so often because they make more money by doing so (Yandere Dev is a fine example). However, the developers of the Forest aren't like that. They listen to feedback and continuously fix bugs and add whole new areas to explore in their updates. These developers truly care about their audience. I've spent many hours in the game messing around with my friends and we've had so much fun. If you're considering playing this alone, I'd personally not recommend it because it takes too long to do anything. However, playing with your friends is a blast. We all love playing this game and look forward to the updates. If the developers are reading this - thanks for your hard work!"
,Recommended,242760,29622438,Posted: 31 January,all,KΔΞ,Went down the cave killing themOut of supplies decided to head upGot chased by enemies while returning to HQReached HQ to see that mobs are overrunning itEscaped to the cliffsideGets kicked downDied10/10 will play this game again (bugs are pretty normal in alpha so don't hate!). Great survival elements and you will never know what happens next.UPDATE: The effigies are the reason why my HQ got overrun-ed :/
,Recommended,242760,10291683,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Flatcaptain,"It is worth noting that I have been highly anticipating the release of 'The Forest' alpha since the release of the initial trailer.Having played the game for a short period of time, I can already tell just how well the team has married the immersion and fun-factor.The game is pretty damned terrifying already. One minute, I'm spearing fish in a crystal clear pond without a care in the world and next I hear an array of strange animal sounds. As the rain begins to fall, I direct my attention to the source of the noise and spot a patrolling party of around 10 tribal figures in the distance. However they seem unaware of my presence and march away into the overgrowth. Around a minute later, after I begin picking up essentials from the corpses strewn around a camp located right next to my own, the cannibals burst out of the foliage ahead of me, chasing me down, surrounding me and eventually killing me.It's worth noting that the AI and animations in this game are significantly better than I expected they would be. One of the cannibals darted ahead of me from the side, abruptly skidding to a halt and preventing my escape while another realistically hopped from tree bark to tree bark above.In regards to the crafting and resource gathering, I haven't experimented too much but it seems fairly straightforward and that's not a bad thing at all. Approaching and hacking down a small plant will provide you with branches and leaves and hacking down an entire tree will provide you with logs to carry which you can store in a log holder if you've crafted one. Creating a fire and shelter are essential and the fact that you have to apply leaves to the fire to keep it going adds to the realism. Overall, the crafting is fairly immersive and skinning an animal and then picking the meat up and directly applying it to the fire all seem pretty damned seamless.The lighting seems quite advanced as well and the cavern segments remind me of the film, 'The Descent' in a good way, with the ambient sounds of water drops, stalactites, stalagmites, water reflections and numerous crystal groups.All this being said, the game is in early alpha state and there are quite a few bugs which is to be expected during this stage, wherein the player can clip through certain objects and swapping equipped items can sometimes result in weird overlapping objects but overall, I believe that this game is easily worth the price tag and I eagerly look forward to the development in the future."
,Recommended,242760,31539326,Posted: 4 May,all,WallhackDave,"Sometimes very glitchy but that just makes me laugh, Nice survival experience, totally worth it"
76561198046838637,Recommended,242760,23390384,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,HereticPruder,"A friend of mine and I first played this game together, as I thought single player would be too spooky for myself.  Our plane crashed, we gathered what we could, and we went to the beach. Turtle farming, genius I thought to myself, we shall build a log fort to defend our meats and water collectors made from the things that held the meat, turtles. The cabin is built, no tribes people seen outside of the woods we are taking down at alarming speeds. They grow some balls and make first contact, no blood shed, then more show up, I refuse to allow them to know where we live, a kill them to the last. Its time to build the wall; we do so. We face a spider human hybird thing, it killed my friend, and I burned it for 10 mintues as it ruined our wall. The wall just got 2 rows bigger."
,Recommended,242760,10438351,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,adam,Can trap women and slap their ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and butt with her friends arms and legs.11/10 Game of the Year 2069
76561198080258132,Recommended,242760,14152868,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Canada,"To The Forest,You've grown so much...I was there for you when you called everything rocks...I was there for you when you gave me no head (which put a dent in our relationship..),When there were only 2 seats instead of 3 on the airplane.You've changed, and I like it a lot. Some things I love, Like how you now have a calm mode (type veganmode in the main menu), How you never leave me without head, how you can finally name things correctly and even added new things like deer, turtles, racoons, tree houses, traps, and so much more! I love how gorgeous you are. Your graphics make me groan. I love how you now let me invite friends and we all play with you. I also like how you now have kick...butt music that pumps me for killing the natives even though they completely destroy my a$$ in...2 or 3 hits. You do have some things i'd like for you to change. The sharks are to b*tchy.We should be able to kill the b*stards. There's hoards of birds that swarm when I create fire (Maybe it's just because it's so hot.). I dont like the naked people that visit me at 3am and stare whilst making subtle groans and gurgles. OkaymaybeIlikeitalittle... Anyway, I'm proud of how much you've matured, and how much you're continuing to grow! Keep perfecting yourself and stay beautiful!-Love, Me-"
,Recommended,242760,12704540,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Two-Socks,>crashed in a plane>picked up a hatchet>picked up a rock>tried to hit a rabbit with the rock>missed>found berries>ate them>decided they were poisonous>kept eating them>nearly died>died>woke up?>bodies.. oh god the bodies..5/10 would calculate time very specifically again.
76561198308172726,Recommended,242760,31976141,Posted: 26 May,all,BENJAMINMC,"Best survival game ive ever played. Was initally described by a friend as ""real life minecraft"", after playing i immediately agreed, building and crafting away for HOURS. However, I feel I cant physically play this game very often as it genuinely causes my heart rate to increase significanly and result in panic attacks, thats how much fear, shock and surprise this game can give you.Bought as a Beta release its only been improving in every way, more weapons, tools and craftables and.. enimies.. Online has massive potential if playing with friends or exploring with strangers around the stunning open world enviornment.If you like LOST, Minecraft, Cast Away and stunning graphics (Or all for that matter) then this is the perfect game for you.The only issue i have encountered through my months of gameplay is a lack of controller support, however playing about on Xpadder or downloading an xpadder profile can somewhat solve this.The best PC game ive ever played."
,Recommended,242760,24818257,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dark Lothbrok,"You wake up and just try to survive in a forest infested with cannibals. It's challenging as you have to worry about your health/hunger/thirst, make a place to sleep in to save the game, also make sure you're safe from cannibals as they are hard to kill on your own and they can be in packs. There are minor bugs in the game but that's to be expected since its in early access right now.The fluid co-op gameplay makes for some of the most hilarious and scariest moments that my friends have ever had together (there are not many survival horror with  games you can play with your friend). The world is huge and beautiful, a lot of crafting options, many ways to survive - I'm really surprised that this game was made by a small studio.. A unique experience, I highly recommend. PLAY THIS GAME!Great job to the developer :DEdit: Now you can finish the story!"
,Recommended,242760,19758836,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,H.O.W.A.R.D.,"Recommendation based strictly on the fact that the developer has a pre-release game with a countdown timer to the next major update that has yet to see the ball be dropped on.Content updates have been steady, and it's come a long way from the glitch fest the early alphas were. Still has longer to go until all the content in, but this is one of the three foremost examples of a good pre-release program I can think of (others being Minecraft and Don't Starve).I'm not going to go on about the gameplay - standard survival stuff, but first person. A lot of fun, in my opinion, though I kind of like the zen experience of staying on the overworld and avoiding cannibals while I live a quiet version of Castaway. Has a lot of promise, and a lot of current content if you enjoy building and hunting and general survival stuff."
,Recommended,242760,25885358,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Gahduvdeth,"I understand that I don't have many hours on record at the time of this writing... that's because I had played a cracked version to test it out before I made the $15 plunge to support the developers.But holy mother of god... Very rarely has a game ever made me stay up well past midnight and far into the early morning, without feeling tired in the slightest. And let me tell you, The Forest is one of those rare gems. The multiplayer aspect is phenomenal, and I highly recommend playing this with at least one other person. Not only will it help with fighting off the hordes of cannibals that just don't seem to understand that they're going to die, but there's quite a lot of laughs to be had.- CONS -Still in early-access. But I can't complain, it's an ""indie"" title.It's a bit buggy, but again... it's still being developed, that's too be expected.???Cannibal somehow walked right through the door of my house. ♥♥♥♥ you, cannibal.- PROS -Lots to do!Perfect lumberjack simulator.Cannibal-killer simulator.Simulator.The ambiance and sound effects really help to keep up the immersion.♥♥♥♥♥♥brix at my first encounter with Virginia. Was constipated all week, glad to have cleared that up.Like having creepy♥♥♥♥♥monstrosities hanging in the trees and watching you? Good. Get used to it.10/10 would get slammed into sinkhole by a cannibal again."
,Recommended,242760,29929462,Posted: 14 February,all,DoubleV,I chopped down a tree and it landed and killed one of my friends by accident. Someone else got blame for it10/10 Sorry Schnoodly
76561198051534062,Recommended,242760,13308420,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Yrthen,"It's like the weekly ""outdoor's day"" i used to have in school when i was little, but with more pale naked dudes."
,Recommended,242760,12247086,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Flip_Switch,I have been streaming this game almost Daily for over two months. Love the game seriously well worth the 15 bucks. Swing by and see some game play sometime.@ 5PM California time Monday - Fridaywww.Twitch.tv/Flip_Switch
,Recommended,242760,10484604,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Broseph,Chopped up a man and his arm flew up and sent me to space and I died.10/10
,Recommended,242760,11284382,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,.Frost.,"The Forest is a great start out survival horror game. Stuck on an island with crazed cannibals hunting you down, you must survive in the primitive sense. Kill or be killed. The developers have thought about this quite well, ensuring tension but also allowing the player enough time to source survival stuff (wood for fires, fish for food, etc) to create their own journey. I have thoroughly enjoyed playing it so far, and though it is limited due to it's early access nature, I certainly think this game has large potential. Crafting items, buidling your own safe-haven and fighting to the death the creatures that lurk on the island is by far a true survival experience. This game reminds me very much of ""Lord of the Flies"" book, which is not a bad thing. Obviously being an Alpha version of a game, it is going to have errors, problems and long load times, but that is what you expect. The graphics is well done, especially the weather pattern and day/night system. A day feels like a day and a night feels like a night. They are long, drawn out experiences, giving the player the true sense of being stranded on this island. I cannot wait for them to make this game complete and there is talk of co-op, which would add a new layer to the game. I dare you to go and explore the dark caves and find out the truth beneath this beautiful island world. It is not 100% polished, nor is it a popular 'genre' of gaming, but to me, this is a fun, sometimes challenging and most importantly a real experience. No flash graphics, no big story lines, just a basic concept of SURVIVE or DIE. I will give this a 4 out of 5 Beers. Cheers - Frost"
,Recommended,242760,13149291,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Yavin Force,"Me wake up in plane. Not know this machine man who take my sapling. Chase machines with metal red death toy. Find many machines. Make many death toys. Live in harmony with world, but bad machines try to hurt Tonto. Tonto fight back, but Tonto not strong. Me wake up in cave. Me find machine with many legs who do harm to Tonto. Me forever sleep. Me find little sapling one day. Tonto hope sapling okay. Me miss little sapling.Tonto/10 Tonto likes this post."
76561198066106266,Recommended,242760,10287672,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Natha,"BOOM plane crash! I'm on the floor and a homo just rob my kid.I stand up to grab all the nearby medicine bottles hoping they'll be useful later.I see a passenger on the plane with an axe to her chest. I picked it up.Right as I step outside I see a little rabbit. I axed it in the face. Cool I have meat.I see a bush, hmm.. *AXE* oh my gosh I got some leaves.Trees? I start swinging my axe at it, it's breaking!BOOM the log just hit me in my face. Didn't lose life whatsoever.I proceed to gather some stones.I suddenly hear an eerie noise.A naked homo behind me. I axe him a dozen times. No loot.His naked girlfriend proceeds to leap at me.I axe her a dozen times.Then the naked girlfriend's girl-friend leaps at me.I axe her a dozen times.I now proceed to gather my logs and sticks to make my first shelter.I turn around and what do I know? I get beeech smack by a naked homo. (Technically is)I die and wake in a cave. It's dark. I see hanging figures. I turn on my light. I just finally realize that I'm not the first one to be slain by these homos.10/10 Will play again."
76561198123127812,Recommended,242760,15957653,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Wishy,Really fun game played with friend built a tree house and died drowning in caves with invisible water  11/10
76561198059095274,Recommended,242760,15444767,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Machuga14,"Early Access Review, 04/19/2015I do not by any means consider myself an expert on The forest, but so far my experience has been a blast! I have played this game multiplayer with my brother, cousin, and a few friends, and have (somewhat scantily) Followed the development of the game. The Ambience is skillfully done, the artwork looks amazing, and the gameplay, while still being in early access, is still enjoyable. I have been dinking around in this game off and on for the past few months, and have seen a HUGE improvement in the entire system, with the addition of new recipes, new mobs, new entities, better systems, etc... I know that a lot of Early Access games have turned out to be huge disappointments, but so far, this game has been meeting, if not exceeding Expectations. Developers, you should be proud of yourselves, for the progress you have been making, and while I don't know how much that means to you, I'd like to think that it means a lot coming from me. This game will probably turn out to be something absolutely amazing, and I think that the developers have a great game going on. I definately reccomend this game, and do not regret buying it while it is still in Early Access."
,Recommended,242760,10305311,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MJ Flood Your Wrist,"On the front store page, please change from:The ForestNow AvailableTo:The ForestEarly Access - Now AvailableTy."
76561198045631783,Recommended,242760,34704388,Posted: 3 September,all,A Daewoo Lanos,My favourite caving simulator with added forest side-quest.
76561198355353161,Recommended,242760,30693499,Posted: 23 March,all,Hom3less_Kitt3n,"This is a pretty good game. It's come a long way, and I really like how the game has developed. Props to the developer."
76561198151647579,Recommended,242760,30269779,Posted: 1 March,all,Saintz,"This will probably be one of those games that gets stuck in Alpha way too long (or forever). Expected from a small team. Putting that into consideration, the game is great. It has tons of alpha bugs, but it's still a lot of fun to play. Personally, it's more fun with friends than alone. Worth the money to support the makers to keep making this game better."
,Recommended,242760,23254151,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,NightmareRH,"* Starts game up ** Plane crash ** Red guy that looks like the WWE Boogeyman ** Boogeyman takes my kid ** I grab an axe out of a guy ** Build a unique shelter with 13 logs ** "" You're cold and wet, find a fire. "" ** Go to my fire ** You're on fire! ** Go back to water ** You're cold and wet, find a fire. ** Go to fire ** Cabin catches fire and I burn *10/10 would get cold and wet again."
,Recommended,242760,10292112,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Danspastic,I Died 20/10
76561198120909014,Recommended,242760,16649476,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Raseetaajs,"If you have no friends to play with in co-op mode, then this game gets boring fairly soon.I mean, sure it looks cool and is somewhat original, but trust me, after one day of playing there isn't much left to explore.Haven't palyed in co-op mode, but judging by gameplay videos, it is much better then. At least you can abuse game bugs together.7/10 has great potential, but has entered the market way too soon. Not enough content."
,Recommended,242760,20149410,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Profile Name,Totally an incredible game!.. Great graphics..Great sound effects..Literally everything's great!This game really worths buying!
76561198049546813,Recommended,242760,10331515,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,0M3AN,wood cutting simulater 2014 11/1010/10 devs for actually listening to community on suggestions to be added to game.scary babies and scary crawling ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198151063087,Recommended,242760,33146921,Posted: 2 July,all,M4xSavage cs.money hellcase.com,"I highly recommend this game for those, who likes challenging survival games, but are tired of boring, dumb, slow, ugly, usual and sick zombies and wish some new experience :)In this game You will closer meet with... Cannibals! Yes! Here is a little description of them;- They are not boring - Many kinds, mutations, ""races"", types, etc.- They are not dumb - They can attack You, destroy Your base, kill You and everything like this within a few seconds.- They are not slow - Moves around 8 times faster, than usual zombies.- They arent ugly - Uh... Well, ok, they are not beautiful.- They arent usual - Variety of ""versions"", types, kinds, mutations and etc.- They arent sick - Just some of them are genetically modified.I hope You enjoyed my little description of those creatures and some differences between them and zombies ;)"
,Recommended,242760,22324217,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Pasteur,-Sees 2 turtles beaching-♥♥♥♥ it-kills the two turtles-more turtles-lol wut-kills 47 turtles by the end of the day10/10 would commit mass turtle genocide again
76561198271709362,Recommended,242760,23641304,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,makorra8,"I enjoy this game a lot. The scenary is beautiful, and it is a well made game. There are times when I do not want to play with the cannibals so I just type in ""veganmode"" at the home screen and it is the same game just with the cannibals taken away. I enjoy playing on this game mode when I like to just walk around the forest and enjoy the sights and sounds, but when I want some suspense I type in ""meatmode"" at the title screen to change it back to the normal game mode. It is good for people that love survival games, and I highly recommend it. However, I would suggest finding the axes and weapons that are hidden throughout the map because they do make cutting trees and fighting cannibals easier. I hope everyone enjoys the game as much as I do. :)"
,Recommended,242760,12691575,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"This is an early access review based on version 0.08. I'll keep updating this post once new versions are released.Pros:--- Great concept! It is really nice to see where this is going and to have a settlement with many buildings / objects is just great. As there are no objectives we are free to do whatever we wish to do. The game requires some getting used to but I like where this is going.--- The forest itself looks gorgeous thanks to the Unity engine. The tribesmen show some great A.I. - most notable for me so far was when one of them was just injured and his friend took him away before I could perform a coup de grace. At this point this is overshadowed by the strange behaviour they show from time to time but the direction they are going is commendable.--- Lots of things to build and to craft. And the number will (hopefully) increase greatly as the DIY / Survival guide the player utilises has a lot of empty / blurry pages.Cons:--- Some only noticeable once you reload the game. Either some or all the already chopped up trees simply reappear. Also, I do not mind being able to find a huge quantity of sticks and rocks but they spawn at my settlement regularly. This  is an issue in the sense that it makes gameplay much easier.--- Some objects are floating a bit and placement of walls can be difficult at times. I ""installed"" a wall with door and due to the surface not entirely being flat the door glitched out and started moving constantly.--- Building rafts is not possible? I crafted one and it shot me into the air. The view was great and I survived the landing but the raft disappeared afterwards. It was pretty annoying.--- Still lots of things to complete. There are a lot of animals - deer, raccoons, turtles - but beside killing them the player cannot really do anything else.--- Clipping is possible close to cliffs / hills. I can easily get under some huge rocks that surround my settlement to access it more easily. They are, however, meant to completely protect me from one side.--- While the AI can show progress there are some strange behaviour patterns I have yet to understand.Overall, The Forest is a great survival game and I look forward to the new updates. I really want to see this in its entirety. While not having any specific objectives / quests I want to see the option to save the protagonist's child and it would be nice to receive some guidelines from time to time as to where you are supposed to go to find some good stuff. For instance, a map could be useful."
,Recommended,242760,10294098,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,TheSparrow,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xqh9LgNanWoRan out of the plane and rushed to kill the tribe men to get ""my son"". Died 10 secs after ahahThe game looks amazing for an early access. The crafting is, so far, excellent and I'm genuinely scared of the idea of getting back in those caves to save the child. With Co-Op this game can only be even better."
76561198273779653,Recommended,242760,31615911,Posted: 7 May,all,BigBoi,"Fantastic game. At first I was a little skeptical as many of the early access games that have just been abandoned by their developers. The Forest is an exception though. They actually have a timer on the game's title screen so that you are always excited for what is coming next. I am however hoping that they update the story a little bit because it does feel a little lackluster, as if it had just been thrown in so you can have an actual ""goal"" to complete. Aside from this however, the overworld is undeniabley fun to explore, and the caves are sprawling with monsters and loot. I highly recommend this game. Plus, if you have friends who own the game, it is even more enjoyable to discover new places and weapons with them."
,Recommended,242760,16302204,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,rockyboudreaux,"So for a not completed game, the Forest is pretty awesome.First PlaythroughCrash land in a forest, build a fire, vainly try to feed fire, build a shelter. Shelter gets built and there's my friendly neighbor dropping by. So I do the sensible thing and hit him with an axe, he knocks me out and drags me to a cave where I'm killed by weird Octo Mutants.Second PlaythroughVainly try to build a bonfire on a small island, slowly die from hunger until nightfalls and I'm massacred by the enemy.Third Playthrough (Co-Op!)Join some random players much, much better than me in building a camp, they mainly build, I chase flaming rabbits. Daytime comes and they go into the cave, I'm at the camp until the cannibal crew arrives, where I promptly haul♥♥♥♥♥straight to the cave to meet my pro players. I am once again killed by OctoMutants.All in all, great game, good creepy atmosphere especially on singleplayer and the co-op's a nice touch. Still a but off feeling at times, especially with chopping down trees but I definitely recommend!"
76561198014681050,Recommended,242760,19959364,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Grendel,"a surprisingly good game... nice graphics (Unity Engine!)an outstanding smart enemy AI:the Engine will spawn more enemies and enemy types per ingame day as a bonus to the normal cannibal/mutant/tribal people enemies. --- they will not attack you when they are not starving! you can try a coexistence and stay hidden for a long time. UNTIL you begin to harvest the forest. those woods are holy for them.ressources are respawning very fast and there are a few story-secrets, hidden OP weapons and hidden settlements of those tribal people out there in a big map.Player buildings are great and can be expanded to a real Fortress.there is a pro and a contra to this game: no tutorial at all. (which makes the first run impossible!) ...but crafting is more intuitive like this. (there is a forest crafting wiki) The player has to find out most recipes by just combining and trying. This brings immersion to crafting and makes you proud of your new upgraded spear or your personally crafted bow! (if you try it without the wiki of course.)enemies are weak overall... blocking is not op and will harm the player for 10-20% of unblocked dmg. BUT the AI hits like a truck. you can take 3-4 attacks from a normal guy and it is over. GREAT! this makes combat easy but also very rewarding! (the enemy movement is really weird and will make every fight unique!)there is no endgame! there is just an atmosphere of fear and terror for lets say 20 cool hours. if you want to build your fortress in hell. this is your game. hold out forever! ...maybe give up your fortress, lay fire and flee on your boat... maybe you will find a cave and live there... just to find out it is THEIR CAVE! :)If they can get you 2 times at zero HP, they will cook and eat you half alive! you got only 2 lives.dynamite, molotovs, a bow, spears, axes, katanas, lizard-skin-underpants for armor... a crown of leaves to be the stealthed bow sniper... or just be the naked axemurderer who invades them, hanging the heads of their leaders in the middle of their settlement. BECOME THE LEGEND! paint your face with mud and await them! Pure Freedom in Unity 5 Beauty!...or hide like me every day in a different cave after you saw what they did to your friends and how powerful their magic is.10/10 --- Naked♥♥♥♥♥♥Demons trying to eat you and your friends in multiplayer in an excellent immersive sound and graphic atmosphere while your sanity meter reaches zero and nobody out there in ours or in their world knows what the effects of this meter are!"
,Recommended,242760,16684915,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Totalxq,-Woke up in a plane crash-Picked up a lunchable from a seat-Saw a tree-Swung the plane axe at the tree-flew 50 feet in the air-hit the ground and diedThe lunchable was pretty good5/5
,Recommended,242760,17652644,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,mekkanyx,"Too busy playing, no time to write full review yet - must have more.I cannot begin to say how much I love this game.Even the main menu music is reminiscent of the original Halo.  So simple, so beautiful.  That also describes the game.Buy it.  Even at full price it is a bargain.  The content already existing provides tons of gameplay if you enjoy exploration vs. Hack and Slash.Even at v0.22 alpha, this has more content than more expensive games. and this is all without a distracting story line.The objective is simple.  Find your son.... but as time wears on you will begin to forget..."
,Recommended,242760,17639063,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,TheGrandMaster®,"Before I purchased this game I never thought I'd be scared of a naked women chasing me... I was wrong.The Forest is a nifty Survival-Horror Game that is currently in progress and has a ton of features currently and more always being added. This game is definitely worth the money, although it is much more fun with friends!"
,Recommended,242760,19415439,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Kaznika,"Finally, a game where you can literally kill EVERYTHING. You can kill cannibals, pigs, bunnies, birds, Sharks, crocodiles, Donald Trump, fish, lizards, turtles, spiders, trees, plants, and potato mutants.This game has fulfilled the void that Skyrim gave me, in Skyrim I was limited to the number of people I could slaughter. The Forest has no invincible people. Literally nothing can live if you choose to, this poor island is at the mercy of you and your axe. This game is essentially 9/11 on an abandoned island, only you're the terrorist."
,Recommended,242760,10289782,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,GoRE 0f W4R,CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST! 10/10
,Recommended,242760,14935564,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Namhi,"The developers of this game care. They listen to their community. They dont try to cheat you out of your money like H1Z1 or other modern games. So far id recommend this, but if your not sure, i'd watch some youtube videos first or just wait till its more of a finished game."
76561198111954647,Recommended,242760,13950119,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Faptain Hook,Cannibal Holocaust simulator 2014.
,Recommended,242760,22770329,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Admiral Cabbage Man,"If you like deforesting an entire island, slowly becoming a cannibal, becoming paranoid with each passing day, jumping at leaves and animals because you're terrified of cannibals and mutants, forgetting you ever had a son, eating more junkfood in a week than you usually do in a month, and setting yourself on fire when you accidentally step into your campfire then this game is for you! Look no further ladies and gentleman! This game should really be called ""No More Forest"" though."
,Recommended,242760,17589418,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,metagrue,"So I'm just trying to fish... These naked people come up all like ""You play Tennis?""And I'm all like ""I play with axes?""And they're like ""Is that Tennis?""They talk to each other and I don't understand a lick.So I ask ""Why are you naked?""And then they attack me.Thank goodness I play with axes.Now I have a statue of dead people.Yea... that pretty much sums up The Forest."
76561198007785933,Recommended,242760,17424971,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Someone,"I currently have been playing this game since V 0.6. (Nearly 600 hrs invested.) This is perhaps one of the most professional programmers I have ever seen during an Alpha release, regularly updated with large updates and hot fixes. The Devs actually do read over player input and if they see it usuable in game they will implement it ( aka, now has a pause ability). A real good community of users in multiplayer.The Game: The game has some very unique and refreshing ideas for a Survival/Horror game. It has multiple game modes from no canibals to an all out fight or die.Lots of exploration space to locate what you think will be a ""safe"" camp location. But who are you kidding, there are no ""safe"" camping sites, not for long anyways. Plenty of supplies and food and water. The building system is still a bit ganky, but it is still being worked on and changed. The atmosphere is gorgeous now that they have changed over to Unity.You choose how you want to play. Do you want to live off the land or do you want to build a small camp or a huge fortress for you and your online friends to battle the canibals. It's entirely up to you to decide if you will become a canibal by eating the canibals or if you will remain human by just eating berries and mushrroms. Just remember to keep warm and drink plenty of water and always, no matter what keep plenty of food and water on hand.I strongly recommend this game to all survival and horror game fans! No stupid planned jump scares, only real jumping out of your seat scares! Well worth the simple $15.00 usd!"
76561198036328202,Recommended,242760,10472585,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Drakkarius,"The best ""Worst Tennis Meet"" simulator ever!"
,Recommended,242760,10474596,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Anne Frank,Boobs11/10
,Recommended,242760,34368643,Posted: 20 August,all,W4st1ngT1m3,One of the best early access game I've ever played.It's a blast in coop.
,Recommended,242760,26675630,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,< blank >,"Great game w/ lots of promise. After 500 + hrs I have few problems with the continuity of game play. For someone looking for a nice mix of survival/crafting, this is the best i've seen. I myself am sick to death of freakin Zombie. why not Bears, Tigers, or just old fashion bad guys. Maybe killing fictional zombies in a game is better than killing human characters. At least give the zombies a sense of humor. All and all I love this game. *,*"
,Recommended,242760,18880050,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Tali'Zorah vas Nerd,I pretty much jumped all the way up the side of a cliff.It's like I never even left Skyrim.
,Recommended,242760,33862490,Posted: 28 July,all,DemonHeart,This game is so amazing i really liked the survival mode and the story was really good
,Recommended,242760,10287999,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,FusionZGamer,Its Like Skyrim With Guns
76561198030076560,Recommended,242760,10422965,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ALOHA SNACKBAR,"Chopped a dead body with an axe, and blew up. WTF DUDE. 10/10"
76561198038160576,Recommended,242760,13207375,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,wise man,The most beautiful forest that I'll ever be terrified of.
76561198170170234,Recommended,242760,22667578,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,daddy,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is amaizing strongly advise getting it 10/10 would buy for a friend
,Recommended,242760,16984139,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Emortal,"I've played this game since it intially came out and this is by far the best survival game ever! I'm always on the edge of my seat playing while trying to keep away from the cannibals for the longest possible time until I can build my camp. I am always impressed by the updates the team makes as well as the building content.IF you want a game that keeps you on the edge of your seat and always coming back to play again and again, this is the game for you :DWell worth the money, you def wont be let down."
,Recommended,242760,31087456,Posted: 11 April,all,Th3Whit3Knight7,"Great game! Once you start playing, you can't stop until you have the satisfaction of experiencing the tantalizing ending! 100% recommend this game to all horror/survival game enthusiasts!"
76561198036184209,Recommended,242760,24985409,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,McSkullBandit,"Okay so this game started off as a ""crap I bought another Pre alpha game""That being said the Devs have worked really hard at improving it and have turned it intoquiet i Psychological game. after the first few nights of running from the cannibals and trying to gather all of the known sticks in the universe you get established finally. And then you go to war with the cannibals.... I do not know if the devs meant for it to happen but it seems the cannibals are getting smarter and adjusting to individual playstyle. I love this game it is hard and creepy at times. 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,33826864,Posted: 27 July,all,Robert,"Got it on sale and have zero regrets, especially now that there's achievements. The system with the cannibals is actually much more in-depth than I expected. So much so that I've been very cautious to not make them hostile until I'm ready to deal with that downhill slope leading straight to hell. Helps that there's now an achievement for pacifism."
,Recommended,242760,13246284,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Sawaike,"Here's a poem about The Forest:Mutant much love,mutant much dearHuman so lost,mutant come nearmutant give chills,mutant climbs treesno matter such fear,mutant is near(must.resist.urge.to.write.a.big.review)So,you're looking for a game that gives you the chills?You're looking for some little,cuddly and cute mutant babys trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥you from all angles?You're looking for special mutants which have breasts better than your moma?In that case,you found a game that you love even more than chocolate."
,Recommended,242760,14861602,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,XENOPHOBIC MISOGYNIST,"This game provides a lot of fun. I assume at some point it's going to get stale, but as of my 10 hours playing, it's a lot of fun.At first, there was a lot of horror involved. It was freaky when a cannibal spots you because you know you're probs going to lose even 1v1, but as the game goes on, you learn more, you find more, and you explore more, so the 1v1 becomes not so bad. That creepy dessonant piano chord they play everytime they spot you still puts me on my toes, but even the cave exploring has become less scary, but still very exciting.The one thing that kills some scare factor is the fact that this is PRE-alpha, so there's a lot of bugs, and some of those bugs make it a bit... tedious.I didn't buy the game at first because it was single player only, and I knew I wasn't going to be playing it long by myself, but with friends, it's a lot of fun.Combat is good, but it's not great because of the bugs. I never see my molotov cocktails light any of those nasty creatures on fire. Sometimes the guys lag out or whatever, and you'll get hit 3 times, and suddenly you need to run back to your new log cabin to pop some meds; sometimes it's also a bit awkward with the ax swinging as well, and you're kind of hoping that you hit the bad guy, rather than using any kind of skill to kill.Building to me is a lot of fun. I never played Minecraft, but my friends used to, and I'd compare it in a way to that. High graphics horror minecraft yes? The log trekking isn't the most fun, but they added a lot of stuff to help with that. Another bug would be that ones' log sled dissapears for one person, but the one person can see it, and place and pick up logs from it.THIS GAME IS A PRE-ALPHA, no one should be expecting this to be perfect by any means, but the rate that the developers are improving it is wonderful. The Day z guys have been doing that for years, and the game is still in alpha. These guys actually set a timer for when the next update gets out, and they're making progress.All in all, if you're hesitate because of the horror part, make sure you have a friend to play with, and it becomes epic. Otherwise, what's $15 stopping you from buying this masterpeice?It has a lot of bugs, but is still a ton of fun despite that."
,Recommended,242760,20387812,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,✯Hunt✯,"6/5/2016:Since getting a new computer, I now get 60+ FPS on the High preset, with AA to the max.-----------RUNS AT 30-40 FPS ON MY LAPPY:CPU: AMD A10-5750mGPU: Radeon HD 8650G 768mbRAM: 8 gigsOS: Win10EDIT: Now runs at around 30-40 fps because of OC and various heating fixes.*** POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT ***scroll to bottom for nonspoilersI love this game so far. Everything has been amazing; the graphics, audio (mood, etc), weather is really cool, and there is just so much more. When I found out that the trees fall down, I was astounded! Never have I ever played a game with physics like this.GAMEPLAY:Also, on to the gameplay, the way everything works is great. Everything has a purpose; turtle shells, deerskin, rabbit fur, and even body parts (LOL!). It's weird how one can use someone's leg to kill another person, but IT ACTUALLY WORKS!!AUDIO:The audio in ""El Forest"" is decent. Well, not even decent, more like superb! Like the gameplay, every noise, sound, water drip has a meaning. The night sounds really set the mood, alike the day sounds. night is spoopy, day is happy (ish) . All in all, if you like nighttime sounds and have that one app on your smartphone that puts you to sleep, then you're gonna love this.WEATHER AND CYCLES:Weather is one of those lesser used things. Now, it may be confusing to implement, but in this game it's just great. When it rains you get cold and wet and at night you get cold, at day you start to warm up. I'm not entirely sure if the thunderstorms can zap trees, but it really sets the mood when they occur.GRAPHICS:All I have to say about this is that the developers have paid a lot of attention to detail. Next time you hop into a game (or when you get the game), take a look at all the textures and scenery. THEY WILL ASTOUND YOU!Anyways, aside from the biggies, it's a great game. It's very enjoyable, and they have coop! Who doesn't like that?Now, it does have it's bugs (disappearing logs, to name one), but it's a very enjoyable experience nonetheless.I just bought this game during the sale, but that doesn't mean it's not worth the $14.99. Unlike most early access titles, the devs pay attention to what needs to be done.*** NON SPOILER SECTION ***tl;drGraphics, Audio, Gameplay, basically everything about this game is great. When you experience ""El Forest,"" you will see the work that was put into this masterpiece."
,Recommended,242760,11605553,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Mr. Self Destruct,"I really do love this game so far but...Once you finally build your camp and what not, there really isn't much else to do besides kill canibals. I do realise that the game is in early alpha and I respect that. I really hope the ""end game"" choice with in the final product is really worth the wait.But for better things... Can't wait for COOP, I'm glad the dev's are not making this a PVP game because then it would be just another dayz-alike game in the end.Overall, for being made on the unity engine the game just looks really beatiful (I haven't seen many game on unity that look as good as this). The light shafts through the trees really do make the enviroments feel more alive around you.Gameplay is pretty solid so far (Besides the bugs. Buy hey, it is in alpha) and the crafting system is pretty simple enough. Only thing I don't understand is, the protagonist is smart enough to make a bomb out of computer chips and coins. But can't make a simple bow and arrow? I do hope they add a bow. Then it would be awesome!*UPDATE* They have added a bow, YAY!7/10 Bought this game for my mates B' Day as well and he is loving it!(I will be editing the review as the game gets updated)"
,Recommended,242760,26467128,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,jackstew9,"The Forest, Has almost every red flag there is on steam there is ""Early Access, Survival, Open World, and a small team (at least as far as I have read) of four people. Yet I still bought it, along with my friends, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥we had one heck of a time. Three things that have kept me playing and playing. 1, Even thoguht it isn't last forever, the building mechanics are a favorite of mine, very customizable. 2, The survival mechanics, the need for sustainable food, water, and not being maimed by the AI (cannibls and some wildlife). and 3(my favorite), the exploration of caves and above-ground. It's just so amazing that the same game can be rewarding in finished your base, and heart pumping when your being chased my a mutant in a small cave running toward the crawl exit. It's a beautiful game that I will never abondon, I do not reccomend the single player for the very light-hearted, multiplayer succesfuly keeps, but lowers the exitment and horror. 100/10 In my book"
76561198114334980,Recommended,242760,26307031,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,dudypoody,"Creepy, Scary, Awesome, Fun, Brillant, Exciting, Intence, Fast, Wonderful, Buy It."
,Recommended,242760,16941797,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,wNdz,Tree chopping simulator 2015
,Recommended,242760,16603742,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SLRRP,Kill or be killed. That is the only way to survive the forest.
76561198057526265,Recommended,242760,26055674,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,mlw02899,"Great fun, 10/10. The graphics and sounds of the environment are impressively well polished. Gameplay is an absolute blast if one enjoys open world sandbox/survival games."
76561198034773040,Recommended,242760,14402606,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mythax,"Fantastic survival game.Three modes to play in, one without the cannibals, one where they only appear at night and the normal mode where they roam free.The building possibilities are great, I have made several different structures. Around trees, against stone walls, around small lakes.Many things to craft and make your survival a bit easier. Medicine, weapons, energy drinks, molotov cocktails, bombs.Fire seems to be the best weapon against them. Burning sticks, axe or a molotov kills them instantly. If a group attacks it might be wise to flee as the cannibals have a powerful punch in their fists.Patiently waiting for new updates"
76561198152560426,Recommended,242760,24327752,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dinn,"1: Plane crashes2: You get attacked by cannibals3: You run from the cannibals and make a base4: You are slowly running out of food, so you become a cannibal5: You have an inpenetrable base6: You get bored so you hang a cannibal and surround it in spikes so the other cannibals can't save him10/10 Would Play Again"
,Recommended,242760,10597760,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Drako,"Still in early access but quite promising. The development team is rather small but still able to produce excellent quality, while currently lacking in content you can tell the areas they have actively put work into are done very well such as the NPC AI. I would be very surprised if this game isn't amazing by the time it's completed."
76561198069064976,Recommended,242760,12490557,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Chazwozzer,This game is a beautiful nightmare. So tense 24/7 and extremely well thought out. Cudos to the creators.
,Recommended,242760,10319976,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Andy,Just finished my first game of The Forest. I ended up being surrounded in my half built house by 15 half naked men and women who then dragged me into what appeared to be some kind of sex cave. I awoke on the cold surface of the cave floor bloodied and surrounded by TV dinner meals. I. I think I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by an american family. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,13354947,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Reznov,Great Game. Co Op needs to be improved 9/10
,Recommended,242760,13290951,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,lyndonguitar,A good survival game. even though It's just on AlphaAlready enjoyable despite missing some features/having some bugs.Plus they just added multiplayer so it made the game much much better.7/10
,Recommended,242760,15204913,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NeoX,Great horror game with an open world. Only problem is that it some times erases multiplayer and single player saves.
76561198015943285,Recommended,242760,14429571,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,We Don't Need Roads,"Found random women, beat her with a leg.10/10"
,Recommended,242760,29425814,Posted: 22 January,all,Digital Terror,"The overall game is very very good for the price.  The story line has 0 direction but I prefer it that way honestly.  It was a wild ride to the end.  If you like a game where you essentially have to figure out everything for yourself and have a rewarding mysterious experience, this game is for you.  If you like getting your hand held through the story and just want to hack and slash, you probably wont enjoy this one."
,Recommended,242760,16240144,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Roab,"When you read around all the ""survival"" games on the go atm, you read into all the dev companies and their roadmaps etc. then you come across this little gem. you realize. they have a fraction of what ""everyone else"" promises with their millions of dollars in presales/early access. this game gives you notice when to expect updates. this game is extreme eye candy. quick to download (small size for so much) the devs (being a small group) please me greatly with the sheer ammount of content being added and also make me happy by seeing what a small team can do vs some companies who have taken over 90 million in cash...... *cough ""dayz"" *cough.... love this game. love the concept. its really got potential to be a successor to games such as minecraft and any basebuilding / gathering / survival games. if you want a change of your usual alpha bugged peice of crap. try ""the forest"". in the first 30minutes of gameplay I felt i had already had my money's worth just staring at the screen, seeing birds land on my hand, creatures crawling around, up tree's, the natives ai and creepy / eirie vibe of the place.. FANTASTIC 9 / 10 for creativity and enjoyment factor. bring ya mates!"
76561197978786811,Recommended,242760,17376119,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,triumph,"They acctually update this, no joke, an early access game with updates.Most early access games are just cash grabs that get abandoned the moment they are put on steam, this is getting updates and fairly often. The game is challenging but fair, the graphics are occasionally buggy but when they aren't bugging out they look excelent, the gameplay (when not buggy) is fairly realistic, it's possible to survive indefinatly on the island but not easy. The ai is sometimes buggy (it's the nature of early access) but usally works well and better then some AAA games. While it needs work it is getting it, each update is noticeable. I would say 8/10 right now, as it gets more updates that should get better."
,Recommended,242760,17595833,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Jaiger  [HAX],"Im over 100 hours now so thought it might be time to write a review - i have only been playing multiplayer with mates so cant really comment on the single player experience.This game is a lot of fun to play.  Kinda like minecraft, you gather resources, build stuff and avoid the natives.The natives themselves have one of the more interesting AI's of any game ive played.  sometimes they leave you alone, other times they are like a swarm of bees trying to take a piece of you.  The intensity of the attacks / number of natives varies dependant on where you camp and how much you aggrevate them.Cave exploration is well done and the number and complexity of the caves is increasing with each patch.Building and crafting is easy to perform and makes sense.PROSNative AI (they really are interesting to sit back and watch)Looks greatCraftingCave explorationDynamite (woo hoo - no more chopping trees)CONSa bit glitchy at times (but has not really been enough to scare me off - Hey it is an alpha)There can be some differences in gameplay between the HOST and the CLIENTS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with dynamiteHouseboats (less said about that disaster the better)"
76561198003396241,Recommended,242760,17657000,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,patates Kral,"The Forest is an Early Access game and that means the game still has errors and bugs. I have already played this game for several hours and can say that the game makes addictive. The crafting already offers a multitude of possibilities. The graphic is nice. In multiplayer, it is just fun, to build a camp in the forest but be always careful, because there are at least a few cannibals and mutants out there in the woods and they want to kill and eat you. Also, the exploration of caves and finding useful things is always interesting. The story provides an interesting approach. The development is currently in the version 0.22 and the game is already great. The game would be complete at version 1.0. The developer provides constantly updates all 2 weeks."
,Recommended,242760,24982166,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Br0wncheesE,"Great game considering both the price and the fact that it's early access. Exploring caves and finding secrets with friends is my favorite part. Sadly, I glitched out of the map while in a cave, I think that's fine though, because as stated in the store it is still under heavy development.8/10 from me, definetly worth buying."
,Recommended,242760,29331149,Posted: 17 January,all,Joker,"Played for a while with friends, building up a base, harvesting, slowly going through caves and acquiring weaponry and such.  As time went on we discovered the story, learned where we should go without being spoon fed the tale that was underlying the search for Timmy.  Overall, the experience was a 10/10 and the storytelling was superb.  For spending $10 when this was on sale and playing with a couple buddies, it was amazingly worth it.  Great job Endnight Games!"
,Recommended,242760,13315005,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Hiraeth,Can have log sex and acsend to the heavens.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10291275,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,DatRageGuy,"It’s finally here. We’ve all been so excited about it, and it finally releases.But before you drop your hard earned money on it, know a few things. At the current time, you are unable to save. You play until you can’t play anymore, and then restart your game the next time. It doesn’t matter how far you get. Saving just doesn’t work right now. To me that is a huge part of the game considering it is a survival game, and you need to be able to save considering the expense of resources some of the crafting takes.So purchase it at your own risk. It’s a fun game so far, but once saving is fixed, and some of the bugs are sorted it will be even better.EDITS AS OF JUNE 17, 2014Saving is now here! Bugs have been reduced, and overall the game feels a bit better at performance. Also, sharks have joined the plethora of creatures you can stumble upon!"
,Recommended,242760,16747561,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ryan,"I bloody love this game and have had it since its original release back in 0.01. In this game you can take your creativity to the next level due to such the wide variety of things available within the survival book/building book. I've made multiple saves now making things from fortresses to nice cabins. Of course this game does have its flaws but this is obviously expected due to it being in early access. Heres my personal list of pros and cons of the game.Pros:Building - Goddamn this feature is great as this can be used for simple survival, decoration and to save you from the nasty cannibals.Combat - This has changed ALOT over the updates but I would say the enemy AI is now considered 'intelligent' which makes the combat fair and fun.Multiplayer - I love how this has changed since its original release it's now playable and really fun to play this game with friends and family however there are cons to this.Exploration - It's really great to explore round this island with its great landmarks such as the boat, the numerous caves and the anchor.Cons:Multiplayer - There a few bad aspects to the multiplayer such as when something new that is major is released to the game it always is put onto singleplayer before they master its functionality for multiplayer.Exploration - This does lack quite a bit as fun as it is we still have to deal with such a small enviroment also there update for the extra world space was beyond disapointing due to the broken caves and barely any new cool structures which include missing colliders in the mountain.I hope this review helps you decide whether to purchase this game but ultimately I... RECOMMEND this game."
76561198202307836,Recommended,242760,14762605,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ranger Memphis,"This game is visually striking, and as for my taste in horror survival gaming, the style is unique. imagine youre watching the movie The Descent, but with different cinematic elements and plot details. overall, I stayed up for a long time in the Forest finding eerie and desolate evidence of something very mysterious and wrong about the surrounding area, add in survival and horror elements and your basically tripping over your balls"
,Recommended,242760,10312916,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,GREΛTER|THΛN,"I woke up after crashing an airplane into an island and got beat up by a mob of angry naked people.  (the women are sexy 10/10 would bang)  I then woke up in a cave where I got beat up by a mob of angry naked people.  Then I tried again and finally made a hunting blind which I fell asleep in.  I then woke up and got beat up by a mob of angry naked people.All in all, I woke up and got beat up by a mob of angry naked people a lot.  Would play again."
,Recommended,242760,20736401,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,龍 Ｒｙｕ 頭,"This Game right now is a 9/10. Its a clear 10/10 if the annoying Bugs are fixed . I never had so much fun to play a Co-Op Game with a Friend . Awesome realistic open World, Awesome Combats Awesome Crafting System Awesome Graphics Awesome  crazy Enemies and the BEST of all Awesome Caves to explore . Overall a must have Game for People who love to Explore - Loot - Build and Survive !"
76561198136416859,Recommended,242760,14927955,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Spizea,"I love this game..... The crafting is very unique and the graphics, and structure is amazing, but I'd love it so much more if there weren't so many god damn mutants..9/10"
76561198018392100,Recommended,242760,11200044,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Riskkjaft,Went to climb stones after I cleaned myself from a blood slaughter.  Somehow i made an almighty step that made the stones to trampolines and i went flying all the way down to the beach and passed out. When i woke up i was greeted by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥l octopus flesh monster inside a cave who crushed my head in its thighs.10/10
,Recommended,242760,11092471,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ุ¤Ðaeth¤™✅,"Get Chased by Naked Women, find naked women, get killed by naked women, even find naked women in caves!Fapping Simulator 2014 to those who can't afford those porn premiums every month!"
76561197970668846,Recommended,242760,11093012,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,PROMETHEUS,"This is the first time I have ever paid into an Alpha release, I came across it on youtube and liked what I saw of it, since paying the very low price for this game I was actually surprised, even with the bugs and glitches I could see this becoming one of the best games out there, now that a few bugs have been ironed out in version: 0.03, most notably the save feature, you have to get this game, do not play this in the dark the first time, and be prepared, ""No forget that"", I do not think you can be prepared for what is coming, try it, people with dodgy tickers beware, have someone on hand for any emergencies, this game is not for the faint hearted, but you will warm to it.Please remember that this game is an ALPHA RELEASE, it is not finished and updates will continue, but is playable, the price you pay is all you will pay for this game not what it retails at when finished"
76561197970838694,Recommended,242760,10439611,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Slightlymad,"I have two deep rooted fears in life , one is spiders and two is inbreds.Within one hour of playing I fell off a cliff knocked myself out and ended up in a dark dripping cave with a hungry cannibal. Im 35 years old an ex soldier and the game made me yelp with fear.That aside after reading countless reviews I thought I would try to trick the AI and build two bases , that failed the ""oh crap"" thought went into my head and I dropped my logs in disbelief because two savages were base jumping off my new structure and had erected a totem near it.There is a deep dark cave off the base but im scarred to go in..This game is creepy and the AI are extremly disturbing take a look if you dare"
,Recommended,242760,10320556,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Pkeod 🔥,"From what little I've played so far, the game shows clear potential. So far it's fun. If you like games in its genres then you'll like this one too."
,Recommended,242760,29630096,Posted: 1 February,all,Happy,Co-op Master
,Recommended,242760,21341935,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mitrixsen,"Perfektní Survival Horror hra doporučuji :-)Časem by tam mohli pŕidt více domu ATD :-)Stavění mutanti,pavouci ATD:Super hra"
76561198042419575,Recommended,242760,21390618,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HouserVT,"Having played several other similar games (Stranded Deep, Subnautica, Rising World, ARK, Life is Feudal, Long Dark, and of course Minecraft), I'm a sucker for this genre.I saw this game about a year ago and was tempted then, but it seemed too early. Moreover, all the screenshots made it seem like this would be a very dark (literally no sunshine) game. I just recently got it, and I'm very impressed and first want to say this game is not just a night-time scary game like the pictures & intro movie suggest. Sure, it has all that, but it also has a whole world of daylight, sunshine, and good visibility.Gameplay is beautiful and smooth for me, with lots to explore and a good deal of customization available in terms of building your base. As I mentioned, I've played several similar titles where you build a base, and I think The Forest does a really good job in terms of allowing you to place custom shapes, as well as place blueprints to visualize things before actually building. I was quite impressed by the ability to place a custom floorplan, and then automatically have walls placed around it, with the ability to toggle window/door/full wall in each section. Really well done.Multiplayer/Co-op works great, too, but could use a little refining. I haven't found a good mechanism for hosting a dedicated server, which is somewhat limiting. There's also some ""instancing"" issues, for lack of a better word, where some players' clients will display certain objects, like Native effigies, but other players cannot see them. This seems limited to just a couple of nuanced items. Apart from that, co-op gameplay was quite smooth; no other syncing issues or crashes (although we only have 3 people in our game).All in all, I'd highly recommend this game. Even if you're not into the Horror genre and find yourself thinking ""Man, I wish Stranded Deep, Subnautica, Long Dark, etc were multiplayer""... this is a good buy."
,Recommended,242760,13226498,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,WHEY PROTEIN POWDER,Arnold Approves!
,Recommended,242760,13205722,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,FliteDNB,"Forestry Simulator 201411/10 would cut trees againBut in all seriousness, this is a great game with a huge future. Hats off to the dev team who have worked their asses off, and are getting well deserved recognition for it. I can't wait to see what this game has for us in the future, and if this is only v0.1, I am VERY excited."
,Recommended,242760,14506518,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Simonator,"Started a game with 3 of my friends build a log sled just to find out it gave us unlimited logs we kinda abused that power untill it spread to our heads my friend made everything he touched turn to logs medicine, body parts, sticks pretty soon logs were everywhere and we all lagged out 10/10 would do it again"
,Recommended,242760,21028045,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Russel,"Chopped a tree down, made a house, killed a naked man,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the dead body.Then I went home and played The Forest"
76561198150765239,Recommended,242760,17254671,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Bill Burr,Grabs axeSees a deer and chases itKills the deer and wears its skinStarts making campSees an annoying naked guyKills the naked guyFinds out he is in a packMutilates the corpseSticks his head on a stickMakes a shelterGoes to sleepWakes up to an naked army staring at you
76561198168666110,Recommended,242760,22190201,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,richmondguard,"Was terrified by nude canabals, I ran but they kept following me, realized I probabably should just leave Mississippi, got a flight back home, bought ""The Forrest,""  Slightly resembles the real thing.  10/10"
76561198062818523,Recommended,242760,10479663,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,TrickyP38,Killed a naked dude and beat his freind to death with his severed leg.10/10 Best game ever.
,Recommended,242760,10305087,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Entropic Desolator,10/10 top spook good graphing gam boyALSO SOPPY SPELITONS EAT UR BONES
,Recommended,242760,15781750,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Twitch/KingMundane,"this game is awesome. a few bugs here and there, but overall an awesome game.Bugs include:While in Multiplayer, log sled can be moved to point a by one person and stay in the original place for the builder of said log sled. then, person moving the log sled can put logs in log sled at point a, while original builder of log sled can pick up logs at original position.While in multiplayer, sometimes you are unable to swing your ax, being hit by another player's ax fixes said problem.While in multiplayer, dropped items can only be seen by player droping said item.doors do not always allow entry, unless continously holding forward button for upwards of ten secondsSuggestions:allow for filling of waterskin with boiled waterfish in watering holesbetter aiming system for bowsupgradeable arrows (more damage)find the son????more weapons, (swords, cross bows,)impliment ores possiblylighting errors around dusk and dawnoverall one of the best games ive ever played. highly recommend it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,242760,15879850,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lunaril,"Keep in mind, this game is still in early access at this point, so there are bugs that need to be worked out; However, when compared to other survival games such as Rust, The Forest, offers suspense, a storyline, and beautiful graphical landscapes, from an ocean and beach setting, to cliffs, mountains and obviously a Forest. The natives who attack you have startled me many times, which makes it a creepy and fun experience to play in the dark. There is so much potential for this game, I can't wait to see where they go with it in the future. At this stage I would still recommend it and if they continue to add content, and improve upon the bugs, this may very well be one of the go-to survival games out there."
,Recommended,242760,14890061,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ticklish Wizard,STRANDED ON AN ISLAND.LOOKING TO PARTY.FIND SOME PARTY BOYS.PARTY BOYS DID NOT WANT TO PARTY.PARTY BOYS TURNED OUT TO BE PROPER GITS.0/10 - WORST PARTY SIMULATOR.
,Recommended,242760,12563124,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Lurch,"I wont go into detail as other people have mentioned most things. The detail and graphics are really good, the only dowside is the game can lag/delay and sometimes stall. However with a little tweaking it can be very playable.The crafting is well thought out, and along with the survival book it gives you a good idea what you can do and with what.The locals are interesting and can flank you too, the AI is not bad. Once you get a base sorted and you've built yourself a few traps and a tree house things start to get better and you can take it a bit easier and not worry about them.I can't wait for further improvements and I have to say this is one of the better survival games. Kind of reminds me of lost ;-)"
,Recommended,242760,14843399,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Therin,"K so, pretty good survival, but these pesky ♥♥♥♥ing cannibals keep putting heads on a pike outside my camp. So I return the favor by putting their heads on pikes to have an imaginary staring contest with the ones they put there. I am in a war of stareing-attrition with pedo cannibals. 9/10 -1 since the cannibals don't recognize the seriousness of this stareing-contest war."
,Recommended,242760,22328424,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,tieio,This game has along to go but as of now it is a very immersive and well done survival game. The development team seems to be dedicated and that is a huge plus.
76561198155855753,Recommended,242760,17072874,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Ned Stark,you can be a cannibal yourself10/10
,Recommended,242760,14605450,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,awesomeguy2009,"""Best Plane crash forest survival cannibal mutant molotov lumberjack simulator yet""420/10"
,Recommended,242760,10356370,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Fulltimespy,"The game is still in alpha, but so far it hasn't dissapointed at all !It has alot of features for being an early acces.The crafting is great, the enemies are terrifying and will keep you on the edge of your chair.Enviroment is beautiful and u can explore for hours on end, not to mention the caves.I can't wait for more features to be added, more areas to explore, more enemies, animals, co-op gameplay and friendly gameplay with no enemies.Big recommend, can't pas this for this little money !"
,Recommended,242760,28968146,Posted: 2 January,all,Farket,"One of the best survival games out. Good combination of horror, survival, base building, exploration, combat, and strategy. The company making this game have done an awesome job in making it balanced and limiting bugs. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,242760,15768026,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Currut,I've never been so scared of flash lights!
76561198026128226,Recommended,242760,10428038,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Helliax,"Hello,first of all i want to congrats the Developers for this awesome Idea of a Survival Game.I want to name some points of personal expression and my idea of a better solution. My mainlanguage is not English,so i hope you can excuse my mistakes. I will shortly notice the main theme and a longer explanation of ""WHY"".1. Lower the Difficulty OR Make it adjustable.WHY: I am experienced with survival games and it took me quite some time to figure out how to survive. I can imagine that beginners might even give this game up before they've even started to enjoy it. It started with the predators which you can easily 1o1, but in a group they are superior and if you don't have better weapons than your beginner axe, you are pretty much dead. Again and Again.2. Items reset when i load my saved game.(BUG)EXPLANATION: As this is the alpha, bugs are being expected and i'm totally assure of that. However, when i loaded my saved game, all collected things in my inventory were gone. Only the leaves and the Axe from the Airplane were left. My Buildings were all there, but my whole Inventory was gone, which resulted in a fast death. ||||| This bug makes this game UNENJOYABLE from the moment it appears. This was the point where i stopped playing (which shoud be understandable if you farm hours for something from which you know, it will reset anyways after you logout) so you better fix this fast. |||||3. A Change in ""Saving the Game"" OR/AND the ability to pause your game while being in the Menue.WHY: Currently you can only save the game by sleeping in your shelter, however if there is some kind of an emergency or people just want to leave the game fast, make a break or something like that the only possibility would be the shelter, but what if this shelter is being camped by a Crowd of Predators which you can't fight at the moment? Then you are FORCED to stay ingame until you solve this somehow. If you could just save the game instantly by going into the Menue and even create a pause while doing so, you would make the game a lot more comfortable for all players.These are my 3 Points and i hope the Developers get to read them.Number 2 is my minor Problem since i really found my addiction to this game but in an unplayable state.Despite these rather negative Aspects which shall be fixed soon, this game provided me an uncomparable experience and i'm looking forward on playing it again once the minor bugs are gone. I recommend it.Greetings"
,Recommended,242760,10303308,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BrazilianSoldier,"I started on a plane. All was fine, but then some crazy stuff happened and the plane crashed in some random forest. I grab a axe that was sticked at someone's body in front of me and then i started chopping down some trees to make a shelter.  A bunny showed up and i axed him too.I build a shelter and then i notice some naked dickless dudes jumping from the trees and watching me while i was building my shelter and campfire.  I keep doing my things, and then suddently, the naked dickless dude just jumped in front of me.I showed him how my axe was sharpened and he runned away.Then, a bunch of naked feminists ♥♥♥♥♥es started rushing at my direction and then slapped me in the face. I drop myself on the ground and when i wake i'm on some kind of bugged cave with some people sticked on the walls.  I somehow found the way out, but then more naked dickless dudes start rushing at me. I blowed then with my axe (literally) just like if i had some super powers. Then the guy i just blowed off drops a leg. I take it and start using it as a new favorite weapon.On my way back to the camp, i found a stick with a head on it. I keep walking to the camp, but the naked feminist ♥♥♥♥♥es was still there. They kill me again and then a red screen shows up with a message saying that i survived 5 days.Conclusion:This game is awesome!For now it lack a multiplayer mode and it still have a lot of bugs (like falling from the map), but there is a lot more to come with the updates.Recomended!"
76561198079365827,Recommended,242760,20147478,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CheapPete,"This game is excellent, the visuals are genuinely fantastic and not as hardware demanding as you might think. The developers keep the updates contstantly rolling out with the date of the next update shown clearly on the main menu.Definetly one of the better survival games on steam, albeit also one of the scarier ones too. The bad guys are truly terrifying at first when they turn up to way you up as your scouring the wreckage of a plane crash and you have no idea of where you are or where to go.The online co-op mode is a fun mode too with everybody somehow agreeing to build a fortress together of everybodys design.Somebody once knocked down my newly built tree house down by cutting down the tree! Grrr!I highly rate this game and its still in alpha phase. I can't want until the next update, or the next, or the next..."
,Recommended,242760,21481809,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,mars,"This game is crazy. It really gives you the survival trip. I've just bought the game and I've finished it.Days Survived 1. Let me tell you about my experience.Entered the game.Crashed with the plane.Smashed and looted a few luggage cases.Chopped a few trees to make a small shelter.Made a fire and went to sleep.Woke up in the morning.Explored a bit the environment.Found a small village with a cave.Entered the cave.Got down a few levels by some ropes.Started to die of thirst.Some weird dude caught me in the cave and hanged me upside down.Escaped after recovering.Went again very happy outside.The sun was shinning so nice and everything looked so bright.On my way to the shelter, found some ♥♥♥♥ing zombies.Chased by zombies a few miles.Died.I'm gonna try again! Love this game."
,Recommended,242760,10393768,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,BRUXXUS,"I'm excited for what this game will become.  It's already beautiful and creepy.  Of course, there's a ton of bugs so it's worth waiting if you're not into early access."
,Recommended,242760,10295577,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Dr.Vendax,"Things you should know about the Cannibals:1. Some of these Cannibals can climb trees. (i learnt this the hard way).2. Cannibals will investigate....3. Cannibals work as a team and will assist each other.4. They can have either torches or flashlights, yes flashlights.5. They are fast, strong and hey can jump long distances (well some of them).6. Avoid them as best as possible.7. If one sees you, attempt to kill it straight away.8. If there are three or more, RUN!!9. They are in groups of four or more.10. They like night walks.And these Devs don't f*ck around."
,Recommended,242760,24064058,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ManMeat,Awesome GFX and i can see that there is a hint here and there of an awesome storyline.But thas it for now... You build fight and nothing else.I hope once this game is done there wil be and exciting storyline that takes hold of you and your freinds.Untill then it remains uninstalled.
,Recommended,242760,14071166,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Dysfunctional Bug,Chopped Off A Cannibal Head Them Hit A Squirrel Whith It. #Best Game 2015
,Recommended,242760,25820892,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,I'm Vegan,"I bought this game a long time ago, it was suggested to me by a friend.I played a couple of hours and kind of put it away in a coset, thinking it was never going to be very good.Last week I downloaded it again this week and I am agonized due to the Halt in the story they suddenly threw in here.the story makes it so much moe than just a sandbox horror survival because that got old very quickly. adding a story has given you a reason to move instead of just setting up somewhere and making yourself invincible in a little fort that they cant touch.The progress is slow and it's,,, difficult to know what to do without some sort of guide but its worth it and i can't wait for the next update!solid 8.5/10the map is goreous, the threat is real, the gameplay is simple and clear the story is concerning to say the least.it only loses points for me because its a little hardware heavy for my computer and the inventory is a bit of a mess, its a little hard to see things around the edges. the inventory could do with an overhaul tbh but other than that, it's an awesome game!"
,Recommended,242760,25661061,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,tbone_nz,"This game is still making me jump.good graphics, good crafting, base building, freaky feak mutant canibals.  Scarey♥♥♥♥♥♥caves, and night time walks.A very good early access experience."
76561198116110889,Recommended,242760,14492230,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ben572,me and my mates found a cavewe went into the cavemate got killed with one hitI ran for my life11/10 would leave my friend to die again
,Recommended,242760,10290206,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,[SF] Nikean,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but I was hyped for it, so it is actually a decent set of software."
,Recommended,242760,10337346,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Joelvn,"To start of I'd like to say It's got a recommendation because of the potential this game has.With that I would Like to add that if you are short on cash and looking for a game to play,I would pick up another game. Why? Simply because The Forest is In it's Alpha state, and with thathas a ton of bugs and flaws. It's barely playable in this state. so I would suggest you to buy it in a later state.As for the game itself, not including the bugs,The Forest is a game with lots of potential, and I'm sure the developers will build towards the expectations.The Graphics are great, especially for an indie game. The enemies excist of cannibals, Mutants and wildlife.Crafting in The Forest has been kept simple, and for that I hope there will be improvements, more crafting options and more crafting materials, wich on that part I'm sure will come.What I love about the game is that there are patrols roaming around the island, giving you the feeling your never safe, and always watched. this mechanic is really well done. The cannibals also climb in trees, so you have to be constantly on your toes if you want to survive in this horror survival.The story:The Game starts you off in a plane with your son. unfortunately the plane crashes and you and your son are one of the few survivors of the crash. when you come to your sences you see a man walking up to your son, taking him with him. leaving you falling back to black out again. when you wake up later, wounded and dehydrated in the plane wreck, you start off with some handy supplies such as your backpack, Lighter and a axe found in a stewardesses body. you find out that you have little time to look around the plane wreck and you'll have to start gathering resources and build a shelter to save and rest in, and a fire to stay warm at and cook food.Tips and Tricks:Always be careful picking a location for your shelter since the cannibals patrol the island.If you 'Die' in the game the first time you will be taken to one of the cannibals caves, with them probably assuming you were dead. but beware, if you Die a second time you will really be dead, and you WILL have to start all over again.You are a really buff man, and you can carry 2 logs at a time!There are suitcases lying around the plane wreck and some boat wrecks. they can be opened by hitting them with your axe.Press 'I' to open your inventory, and press 'B' to open up your survival guide.Do NOT let the cannibals flank you. if you encounter a group of cannibals, I would advise you to run and hide. if fighting is inevitable, keep an eye out for all the enemies. they WILL charge at you from behind. If they find your camp and they are attacking you, try to mak them run in the campfire, this way they will be weak enough to take out.BEWARE: some cannibal corpses are known to explode when you hit them.This was my review of The Forest.I would rate it a solid 8/10 when the bugs are fixed, and if they add more features to the game I will reconsider this."
,Recommended,242760,21035494,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Defution,"A lumberjack simulator right after a plane crash simulator that gets spookier as time advances and more lumber jacking you do. There is cannibals in game that dont know you are on the island and you want to keep it that way so they wont storm in and raid your base like stink on♥♥♥♥♥♥(relations with the cannibals and nature are pretty advanced). There is alot of crafting and building if your into that sort of thing (can get complicated, intricate and interesting).Alot of Spelunking with all kinds of atrocities down under in the caves,  more cannibals, ugly ♥♥♥♥ing uber mutants with lots of legs or arms , someone called the cowman is downthere i dont know about but is said to be related to the boogieman slashie slash bughuul. Game is updated every 12 something odd days so new content or things are added so pretty good on the updates there.Story? ahh plane crashed ahhh you ummm are the only survivor so far i think besides your son timmy i think; that gets kidnapped and ""MAYBE"" is dead and you have to go find him but ♥♥♥♥ that little ♥♥♥♥er i forgot all about him 20 minutes in building a fortress, farming food and fighting off the cannibals/mutants on the island.yeh i like this game.Would find the knuckle head outta 10/ but bow and arrow tho"
76561197993001956,Recommended,242760,13344606,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,PURERAGE,Game is survival sand box. Very fun and you are able to build a wide range of bases. They are still actively developing it. The game gets better after every update!! If you dont have this in your inventory you should!!
,Recommended,242760,26189995,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Arteken,"The ForestUPDATE 21.1.2017This game has get pretty big updates since I last played this. Now that the main story is almost complete and more and more features have been added, all I can say is that this game is really, really good. So much to do etc. now. I can still recommend this to every one who likes to build things and explore.As the (lone) survivor of a passenger jet crash, you find yourself in a mysterious forest battling to stay alive against a society of cannibalistic mutants. Build, explore, survive in this terrifying first person survival horror simulator.You are in airplane with random passengers and your son. Plane crashes and creepy cannibal covered in red paint steals your son. Then you start to collect all kinds of things to help you survive. You find some drawings that your son drew. Then you will have to find some tools etc. You can go explore cavesetc. At some point you can go to big cave where your son may be, but this will come in future updates.Game itself:The game has all kind of things to offer. It's pretty easy to learn too. It took like 20 minutes for me to learn all the basic things, but you will learn more and more new things when they add new things to this game in the future.  You have a survival book that has all the basic crafting recepies. Other crafting recepies like bow are easy to learn. You can find all kind of tools and ""guns"" too. You have to gather resouces like chop trees down and collect rocks etc. and then build your own village or almost anything you want.Hunting down animals with weapons is also a thing here. You can find weapons in caves and by crafting them by yourself. You have to eat and drink to stay alive. And like in real life you cant eat rotten meat or poisoned water, so you have to be carefull with those too. There is animals like deers, sharks, tortoises and rabbits. You can also craft armor with things you can get by killing animals and cannibals. There are different kind of cannibals like ""super mutants"" and ""baby mutants"" as I like to call them and they really are scary. Normal cannibals are also pretty scary but not as scary as other mutants. Mutants are also pretty hard to kill. You can get different drops from them when they are killed.Like in real life you have to eat, rest and drink. This game has a bar for health and energy. This also has ""bar"" for hunger and thirstily, so you have to eat and drink to get energy for survival. This also has bar for armor that can be crafted.Playing the game yourself in single player is really scary at first when you have nothing but your basic axe that can be found in the start of the game. You have to start looking for stuff as fast as possible after the crash so you will have enough time to make a shelter for first night of survival. The game will make the cannibals harder night after night for you when you proceed in the game, at least thats how I have seen my single player so far. When playing in single player you will have things to do for a long time. Exploring the caves alone is really scary thing and bit hard at first, but you will spend a lot of time in them trying to find all the special weapons and tools.Playing with friends is really fun. Doing the things this game has to offer with friends is much more fun and more effective. You can make bases and so on so much faster with friends. It's also less scrary when playing with many people.The gameplay works great when playing single player, no lag for me at all. Sometimes when playing multiplayer and if the host has bad internet you can see some lag and missing stuff. I have not seen other problems while playing this. Ofc when this is early access game you will see some little bugs and so on but it's not that bad to be honest.Well to summarise my review this is simple and easy game to play. You can spend hours playing this and you will allways have something to do, at least thats how I see this game. It's not bad at all to spend 15 euros for this. If you like playing sandbox games that include surviving and building things, this is a game for you. My grade for this game is 9/10"
76561198093784237,Recommended,242760,13963318,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Jimbobway Blackman,This is a great game because naked things chase you and who does not like that.This game is bae20/10
,Recommended,242760,10438344,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,snot,"its like lost but without lottery numbers, wheelchairs, apollo chocolate bars, backgammon, black smoke monsters, time travel, purgatory, waaaaalt and button pressing"
,Recommended,242760,10329328,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,GamesGlitches,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEWTWyCm3uY&index=13&list=PLeusrXH_hwpjh11mvb47uINybx025fM6YThis GAME Is Amazing and I recommend it to EVERYONE! If this game goes Multiplayer...it will kill many games...
76561198049984595,Recommended,242760,30935435,Posted: 3 April,all,Pepsi Fiesta,"Very pretty and extremely atmospheric. The ambient sounds make it feel like you're there in game, which actually might not be a good thing."
,Recommended,242760,10303094,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,smokeymcROOЯ,May-31-143:19 PM - Gaurinn™: hows the forest?3:19 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: lol its funny3:34 PM - Gaurinn™ is now Online.3:37 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: its a game thats trolls on you3:37 PM - Gaurinn™: how so?3:37 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: lol okay3:38 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: you wake up from the crash3:38 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: yur like dunno who took my kid but ♥♥♥♥ em its a nice day ima walk3:38 PM - Gaurinn™: they take timy3:38 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: so yur walking the sun is shining3:38 PM - Gaurinn™: Timmy*3:38 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: n yur like hey lil birdie3:38 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: hi big lizard3:39 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: everyone is so happy im gunna make a house here!3:39 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: yay so you happily make your house3:39 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: n yur just chillin eaten some chocolate3:39 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: WHEN SOME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S SHOW UP N ARE LIKE ♥♥♥♥ THIS GUY3:39 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: WRECK ALL YUR NICE♥♥♥♥♥♥3:39 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: KNOCK YU THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT3:40 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: n yu wake up3:40 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: yur like weere are all the lil birdie3:40 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: they gone stuffed yur♥♥♥♥♥ina dank cave3:40 PM - smokeymcROOЯ: the end3:41 PM - Gaurinn™: lolololololololol
,Recommended,242760,24080030,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ReconSixth,I enjoyed every moments of it. Such intense and spectacular survival horror game!
76561198078731655,Recommended,242760,19510936,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SirChammy,Allows cannibalism 10/10 would eat again
76561198051245443,Recommended,242760,23300578,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Dartail,One of the only early access games i've purchased that I don't regret.
,Recommended,242760,12413826,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sergeant Moderately Displeased,">Be me>Come back to The Forest after a long time of abadonment>>We have a realtionship that was closed but The Forest wanted to ""see other people"">Wandering>Find mud>Glaze my body with the smell of filth and animal crap>Body Starts Shaking>>Spidey Sense is tingling>Ohshit.jpeg>Random  lady staring at me>She is soaked in blood>>Also Naked>Jealous of my mud>Swing hand axe wildly screaming so my neighbors upstairs can hear me>Whole world must know THIS IS MY MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING MUD>♥♥♥♥♥ slaps me>Fly 10,000 feet backwards like some Dragonball Z♥♥♥♥♥♥>Return with Kaioken X100>Game CrashesTotally worth buying."
,Recommended,242760,16350364,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BadDesperado,"The following is an indevelopment reviewUltra low settings and jump into Co-Op.My fps is like 5.K.I guess it's a nope then...Update: FPS was fine, though some connection issues remained.Single player:Damn, this ain't lagging now!I can see the kid!I ain't doing 360 spins when I'm trying turn 45-90 degrees...The plane crashes and the annoying kid who was clinging to me is stared at by a halfnaked old man.He takes the boy in his arms.He walks away.K.That seems safe. I'm sure he will take care of the boy.He definitely won't be tapping him.I'm sure of it.Anyway...Break the luggages with mah axe. I got me 5 wristwatches, booze and chocolate bars.And some meds. Kill few lizards.Find a camp, which I thought was abandoned.Build a fire. 2 dudes come to (now) my camp and stare at me for a while. Then they attack. Kill them both, put the head of the other one on a stick. Find out the second dude didn't actually die. He's barely alive though.Teabag him for a while. Proceed to finish him off by hitting him in the genitals.*WHAM*The dude stands up.K.Kill him with a strike to the neck.Night comes.A new dude shows up. He runs past me to the cannibal-shack I'm taking shelter from the rain from.Hits it few times with his club.K.He's now my pal.Fire's going out, put some more there.THE♥♥♥♥WASTHAT!?Some naked Gollum is looking at me from the shadows.It seems to stay away from the fire.Seek protection from my half-naked pal who has a vendetta against the camp-shaft.He's just standing there scared. Seeks shelter in me.We both back to the end of the shack.There's more Gollums now.About 10.One of them charges at me, and then the rest come.I try to fend them off.No avail.I pass out.I open my eyes to see two halfnaked dudes carry me.HOORAH! MY PAL HAS SAVED ME FROM THOSE NAKED GOLLUMS!They throw me in some cave to give me better shelter.Find rocks and money there.I'm done.Climb up.No one in the camp.Go out of the camp, axe some wood.Carry 2 logs.Find a small ""island"" in a river.My plane's cockpit is there.I'M GONNA BUILD MY SHELTER THERE!THESE ENEMIES CAN'T SEEM TO BE ABLE TO SWIM!Start building shelter.2 gollums show up.HAHAA! I'M SAFE HE...The gollums walk in the bottom of the river.So... They can't swim but that's okay?K.They stop in the bottom of river. Decide to continue with work.Look back up. Can't see them anywhere.The other one is suddenly in front of me. Hack him.Sever his leg.Waitwat.6 more people coming from behind the rocks.First is their leader, dude with 4 hands and 1 foot strapped to his back. Dandy.Then comes 2 more. A topless woman and a nice, gentle gollum.They proceed to eat the guy I whacked before.K.Enjoy your meal.The leader just stares at the girl's♥♥♥♥♥while she's dining.2 more show up on my small island.Retreat to cockpit.They're done eating.They stare at me now.I try to play it cool.I eat a snickers.One of them comes close and starts breathing in a way that I believe he has a boner.Swing at him with a club.Misses.He just stares at me.Sorry buddy...Makes me nervous.I try to kill himMy thought isn't running, I can only see portions of the fight. (my fps dropped)I passed out again.I died.K."
,Recommended,242760,16303824,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Espaba,my friend keeps eating the cannibals' legs
,Recommended,242760,16208524,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Doraemon,cannibal eat me.me eat cannibal.me 10/ cannibal 10
,Recommended,242760,14033492,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,✪ Seppuku Spaceman,"Great game, lot of people still think to use the plane axe as a weapon. I advise against that.Skull + stick = clubclub + tree sap + tooth = Club +1 Damageclub +tree sap + feather = Club +1 Speedclub + tree sap+ booze = Club + glow in the dark aspectclub + cloth = Club + fire aspect (I don't use this one though)I think you get the idea (: Upgrades are important in this game."
76561198096812705,Recommended,242760,24823877,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,GhostSniper767,it is a really fun game to play with friends
76561198289884206,Recommended,242760,35080481,Posted: 20 September,all,♥~KOEKIE~♥,Awesome game. Fun alone or with friends. Still alot of room for improvement and they are still updating and improving from time to time so would recomend you give the game a shot
,Recommended,242760,33509341,Posted: 13 July,all,Hamtaro,"If people were to check my history, I actually do not write reviews but I feel I had to for this game.  Originally when I saw this game, the concept looked pretty good, but overall I wasn't convinced.  I felt like many other games in early access that I had purchased (sometimes upwards of $60), the games were ditched by devs and my money wasted.  I played for a few hours at a friends house but overall it still felt lacking.  So like many others, I simply watched and waited, checking now and then for updates.  Long story short, I kept noticing a series of updates and add ons to the game, and a positive review by majority of the players.  Suddenly it started to catch my attention and after one of my friends got into the game, I decided to give it a go.Boy did they change a lot of things since I lasted played.  Improved mechanics and AI, monsters that were simply decorations in the previous versions are actual things now.  You even have a full storyline you can try to complete in coop or by yourself if you are brave enough.  There are a few things that I still wish the devs pay attention to, which I will mention later, but overall its a well made game and definately worth the current price of $15.  If you're looking for a survival horror (or even just a survival game since you have the option to remove the horror), this game has it for you.Pros:- Sound: The game has amazing sound effects ranging from the rapid foodsteps of an enemy approaching for an attack to their howls and warcries calling for reinforcements or signaling an attack.  When inside caves, there is also many ambient noises such as dripping water, wind and even general rumbling and sounds of things you probably only hear in nightmares.  Overall, excellent job on sound effects, you will be immersed into the environment you are in.- Graphics: I usually dont judge a game by their graphics.  However for those who are concerned, the game is beautiful from all the flora and fauna.  Even if your computer is a potato and you lower all the settings, the game still looks quite beautiful in its own way.  The game does a good job of setting the scenary for you everywhere you travel.- Base Building/Crafting: This is actually very important to me in a survival game.  Gathering resources to staying alive is great but I also enjoy games that give you freedom to do your own things.  There is plenty of that here ranging from building your own house/fort to making things like bows and arrows.  To further increase the fun, they even added traps to the game.  Want to have a large boulder come crashing down into the cannibal face? Go for it.  Feel like luring a group into a ground covered with dried leaves and firing a flame arrow/molotov cocktail into it to roast them all? You got it.  The combinations and tactics that a player can come up with is pretty much amazing.  However, keep in mind that the buildings and walls arn't just there for show.  Unless disabled, enemies can also bash down your walls and rush your base with sheer numbers and strength.- Difficulty: The game does a great job of gradually bringing you into the survival scenario.  It starts off with simply managing your basic needs to just stay alive and scavenging off what you can find.  You'll have some time to explore and try to get an understanding of whats going on.  However, it does eventually start throwing in a few curve balls.  Maybe a curious cannibal wanting to see what you are, eventualy leading to patrols spotting you and seeing who the intruder is.  Next thing you know you're in your base frantically trying to craft weapons/items because there is an angry mob bashing down your walls trying to come in to eat you.  Even a simple daytime work of gathering resources to build your base can quickly turn into a bloodbath.- Enemy AI: So we've played games where the enemy is simply dumb.  Throw an explosive and they keep running towards you ignoring the fact there is something on the ground.  You will not find any of that here as these guys are no joke and do not sit on a thrown explosive item.  The simplist of enemies is more than capable of killing an unarmored freshly spawned player in 2-4 hits.  Careful use of blocking and awareness of the situation is always needed.  These enemies will be fast, dodge and most importantly... flank you from all directions.  Try to attack one and their buddies will hit you from behind and as you turn to keep eyes on one of them, the others will constantly move to throw you off.  You can have all the armors and weapons in this game and all it takes is one well executed ambush to kill you off so don't ever think that just finding something new is all it takes to make the game easy.- Enemy passive behaviors: This is rather unique to this game and I mention this seperately from regular enemy AI.  You'll have to realize that the cannibals on this island have their own behaviors.  There are different tribes, some that even fight and kill amongst themselves.  They do patrols and if they find your base, they can create markings to let their tribes know where you live.  If their scouts spot you, one may fight you while the other flee away to quickly tell their tribes they know of your existence and that you're a threat.  They can also send out hunting parties to track down wherever you are and kill you.  All of these things are usually overlooked and not mentioned but are there in the game.- CoOp Mode: This game is intense and scary in singleplayer but also a lot of fun online.  If you get scared easily, I highly advise playing online with a friend as this definately makes it more enjoyable.  You'll still have your scared moments (especially in dark caves) so don't worry about that, but at least you wont be alone and someone else can watch your back.  Overall, the online portion of the game is really fun and enjoyable.- Active Dev team: For a game which I honestly thought would of been dead long ago, this team has actualy surprised me quite a bit.  They are still around, throwing out updates and adding other great and amazing things to the game.  Even if they were to stop all the updates as of now (07/13/2017), this game is still playable, enjoyable and definately worth the money spent for it.Cons:- I really had to think about it but there is one con that truly bothers me about this game that I hope the Dev looks into (though Im not sure if its even fixable).  Many players enjoy playing survival games in different ways.  Some enjoy doing creative mode and building, others like to give themselves all the weapons/stats upgrades and go on kiling sprees and then others just enjoy playing the game regular for the challenge.  Not many, however, enjoy when you collide all of these together.  One of the biggest flaws of this game is sometimes you could be playing online with a friend, building base and another new player can join your game.  The only difference though is that this player is using mods to give him super running speed, strength and max life/hunger/thirst so he is unkillable.  This kind of thing ruins the online play unless you password the game (which in its own way ruins it for players who want an open game to meet new people to play with).  There really is nothing to help this atm except for kicking players from the game, much like if players joined to simply grief your base.Summary: 10/10Worth the buy? Definately.Have a lot of friends who like Coop survival games? Even better."
,Recommended,242760,35499268,Posted: 5 October,all,Cxbalt,"Been in pre-alpha/alpha for over a year but i bought the game not long after release, played it a little at first and got a little bored as there wasnt much to do, half a year later the game looks and runs so much better; also so many features and things you can do have been added. a 1 year alpha isnt great but it feels like a post-alpha game! Would Recommend Especially if you want to play with friends and it's a fairly cheap game for what you're getting content-wise."
,Recommended,242760,29227736,Posted: 13 January,all,Equation™,"Bought the game today... Spent 4 hours on it today already.Amazing atmosphere! you almost feel cold when you hear the wind rustling through the trees, good attention to detail as well, when the wind picks up the trees will sway.To say this is at Alpha stage of its development it's amazing!The AI does need a little more work however, sometimes they will run up to you, run away and then just stand there staring into the distance whilst you approach them and batter them.Optimization is also good for an Alpha, my rig runs it maxed out with constant 60fps (at 1080p) Whilst running through the forest it will sometimes dip to 56 - 58fps for a second (maybe due to the engine loading in new assets) but it's barely noticeable (Take note Subnautica developers!)I'm glad I bought this Early access game, I was hesitant as I usually don't but EA games but I though this game was so good I bought a gift copy for my mate (the bugger will pay me back when it's his payday)Not yet tried CO-OP But looking forward to that next."
,Recommended,242760,14135049,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Seakings,"The Forest is definetly one of my favourite games despite it only being 0.12 Alpha as I'm currently writing this review. The gameplay feels fluid and not clunky to me. The video settings I feel are ample for the game and I can only imagine the options getting more in depth. I feel like there is a huge amount of potential within this game and I can see it being a big contender when finally finished and polished up.Moving more into the game itself, you will see a lot of bugs because it'a an alpha although there are a few which will require you to reload the save but fortunately I haven't had that happen enough to me that I have complained. The A.I in the game suprise me each time I load back into singleplayer or even multiplayer, although the atmosphere completely changes on multiplayer as the isolation factor of being stuck in a forest/island alone with no idea of what could be hiding in the tree trunks above you or following you at a respectable distance. After the initial ""settling in"" you might find yourself running out of things after establishing a defendable base and eco-system within it. Saying that there is a nice cave system with a definetly fear element (Atleast to me, personally) once you go deep down into them, regardless if on multiplayer or singleplayer, you will find yourself letting out a noise or two or possibly some bodily fluids. After doing the exploration of The Forest/Island you sort of run out of things to do really.Wrapping up my review, The graphics on the game are stunning even on the lowest settings, The gameplay feels fluid and fun although turning bland near the end of the initial setup, could do with more things to do which I'm anticipating."
,Recommended,242760,20339430,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MID TO B RUSH,best game when played with mates
,Recommended,242760,14421200,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Plankton_El Big (PY),"GREAT AWSOME GAME. STILL A LITTLE BUGGY BUT the saving works fine, you can build whatever you want,whenever you want, wherever you want. Maybe I would like it to have more things to craft. You can only craft a few things like an axe, molotov, bomb, headbomb, stealth armor, bow and arrow, paintings(only three of them). The main point of the game is to find your son. I do believe that's where they're heading. I found a little boys toy that seems like a key object which I can use for crafting.PROs:-great great graphics. Lightning effects are EXTREME.-Open World.-Survival horror-multiplayer!-Up to 8 players.-You can build as many houses as you want.-Savings are not lost upon 2 death.-EFFIGIEES!!! GODDAMN AWSOME. GO AWAY SATAN! GO AWAY!CONs:-Since an update... everytime you find the  plane survivors deadbodies it doesn't counts them anymore. It seems they took that out.That was very helpful because since you don't know what the hell you are supposed to do, that feature somehow hint me that I must find all the bodies to find my son/kid that was beside me on the airplane. The one THEY took.-Traps don't work. THEY step into them and it doesn't kills them or do something to them.-BOW and ARROW. you cannot aim. What I mean is that there isn't any sight for the cross or any aimpoint or something to help you aim.-Since they make it harder ""the bird on the hand"" thing its kinda difficult to get some feathers for the arrows.Suggestions:-Body counter-Objectives besides surviving... Don't know, once you find some camp, spy them and follow them.-Aimsight for the arrow.-Fast Travel between safe houses.(Only the cabin, so it won't be THAT easy to travel to ""important"" places within the game so fast.)-More animal traps.-More animal variety in general-Complete the crafting guide already.-Gun/Flaregun crafting. If you are able to craft a bomb why not a gun? a wood gun maybe? :D-When killing the rabbit, make some trasition effects not the rabbit meat on the floor without doing anything.-stealth armor or  mud are not effective at all for hiding. Only hiding behind trees or bushes.-Include LADDERS so you can build tall houses or another tall building.-Which leads to more building crafting. Not only shelters.-Some kind of Delta Wing, mini plane, car to move within the woods.-Tree hiding/ Climbing-Tree houses-Stone Cabins-Shovel and sand to make glassBesides the suggestions and stuff(Its all because I survived over a 100 days or so in the game and Im bored waiting for something new to build/craft/kill XD) I totally recommend this one NOW. Since it has tons of fun and you won't be scared until you hear/see your first one. THEY are fast. You'll see"
,Recommended,242760,11693706,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,FidgetPizder,"You really need to have this awsome game!I love so much this game, but it has some little glitches... but its alright... That dosent make gameplay bad, right?Well, the game started in a plane, and after some minutes your plane fall in a forest.Alright, this is a survival horror game. You are in a forest with cannibals and you have a book with tutorials like howto build a house with trees or fences.You can explore that island and find wepons and food, and you can also craft items, like minecraft.Well, this game is so beautiful, and I recomand it, cuz its supah awsome!"
76561198120696812,Recommended,242760,16963508,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Rain,"This game is so amazing. I cant be expected to give in detail, all the awesome and hilarious things you can do in this game. Theres ""mutants""(A.K.A savages) on the island. They are AI'd really well, and are believeable as well as creepy. Graphics are GREAT! The building kicks♥♥♥♥♥as well, sure it takes some time to learn; But soon you'll be building 2nd story houses out of cool and weird geographical formations ect. The crafting is cool and very unique as well. BUT over all this game is FUNNNN. Co-op Makes this game 2x as good with a friend. The island is huge and has tons of hidden locations as well a sights to be seen. This game is still in developement but always gets an update every month. Its capability to run at this state in time(this alpha 0.22 patch) is great. Some people dont like to play alpha games for many reasons, but there isnt any for this game. It WORKS. Unlike a ton of other alpha games, this game is almost ready to be fully released.WAY better of a game to than Stranded Deep.11/10 Recommended"
,Recommended,242760,20978130,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,m-zre,Awesome game! Waiting for being updated in full version! Good job Endnight Games!
,Recommended,242760,20699558,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,◹Sv3la◺,"It's really fun when you get into it, I see how it can get boring after a while, but updates are to come and it's always fun to play with new features and items."
,Recommended,242760,11193192,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,WangDTV,"Day 1: Killed a dude, chopped off some hooters, and got clubed off a cliff. 11/10 :DDay 2: Trying to cook dinner, ruined by a cannible chick with her 3 boyfriends. Knocked out and woke up in a cave with 8 naked dudes who gangbanged me. 12/10Day 3: I turned around, no one there. put logs on my house, put up a tourch. turned back around and i saw a scene from the HBO show OZ about to happen. 13/10"
,Recommended,242760,12601523,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Bill Cosby,They watch you sleep.....11/10.
,Recommended,242760,10327758,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Casualties,"Nice game but it's an alpha, the gameplay is restricted, but awesome."
,Recommended,242760,10361725,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,GhostYy,"Very promising early access game!Decide whether you want to put up with the bugs or not as they can be pretty game breaking.EDIT: 11/8/14 - Seems the Devs have been updating this with new content and bug patches very regularly, so props to them. Yet, my suggestion of deciding whether you can deal with bugs is still very prominent so keep that in mind."
,Recommended,242760,22276526,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Meecrob!♥,"The game itself feels really nice to play, and for me it is very stable.The graphics are already nicely done for an Alpha game so atm they are doing update work on the game itself.Alot of updates are being puched out and even small hotfixes every few days from people who report their bugs. I myself havent seen such active developers in a while that dont just abandon a game when they have cashed in.The gameplay itself will be expanded alot. new weapons, new armor, new overall building, new traps, new items , animal interaction.breeding, the more animals etc u kill the harder it gets later on. (see it as reallife where respawn takes a long time) and much much more, so yea ive got very high hopes of this game.If you like survival games i can higly recommend it"
76561198031267248,Recommended,242760,10343183,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Grant Ward [LP],"Awesome game, looking forward to updates. Buy it !!"
,Recommended,242760,33306340,Posted: 6 July,all,PickleFISH96,This is what early access should be.The lore of this game is insane.Make sure you have friends though.PS: The ending is fantastic.
76561198059326203,Recommended,242760,18495064,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Blitzucrank,">Loaded up the game>Freaked out when we crashed>Attempted to set up camp near a pond>Pond camp was good, small house and fire pit built>Need Food>Slay a rabbit and a nearby lizard>Skin them with my axe>Hear rustling behind me>I turn around to see a mutant with 8 harms attempting to hide from my sight>It steps out from behind the tree as to challenge me>Hit esc>Quit to main menu12/10 Would puss out when confronted by a mutant again"
,Recommended,242760,10741114,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,De4dCert Live YTG,A game with such potential. Look forward to the multiplayer very much!
,Recommended,242760,11905546,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Cally,"Day 1:I realise my plane has crashed, my son is gone, but ♥♥♥♥ him. It's time for an adventure.Later: I start building shelter, for the cannibals, so they can't find me.Day 2:Had a good night, only one cannibal patrol, so I'm good. Made a better axe, using a stick and a rock. It's faster slightly.Later: Killed a couple of attacking Cannibals in self defence.Day 3/4/5/6:I made a better base on the beach, with a head thingy to scare away some cannibals. It's kind of working. I hopeLater: Saw multiple patrols. One ran towards me and I wiped them out. BIGGER SCARING AWAY THINGY.Day 7/8:I'm heading for a cannibal camp. I remember seeing it in the woods. I'm making a small shelter for the night.Later: No one in sight.Day 9:I attacked a camp, killing almost everyone, took some stuff, then got attacked and knocked out by a female cannibal on a tree. I find my self in a cave. WAIT. DON'T KILL ME!!---Extract Ends Here---For the real review, that was my gameplay experiance, it was FUN, trust me. The game is suspenseful and requires you to use the most of your equipment and strategies to survive the says and nights, from dying of either natural or being eaten by a crazed foreign cannibal.The graphics are beautiful, especially for an indie game.I haven't got much more to say really.Pros+ Beautiful Graphics+ Suspenseful Gameplay+ Fun combat+ Easy to use Backpack+ Doesn't leave anything unused.Cons- Can be buggy, but I won't let this affect the score since it's EA- A bit of a clunky AI.- Could be more easier to use Crafting system, and it should be able to show you recipes.Overall:This game mixes Survival and Action into a hasteful battle between life and death. As you scour from the beaches to the forest, you are never safe. Be careful, out there, since I think this game is a MUST-BUY9/10"
,Recommended,242760,16552546,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jacab,Sick game but not optimised fully yet. Lookign forward to more updates.
76561198030393287,Recommended,242760,15177127,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Jono,When this game gets fully released then everyone can finally see its FULL potential!I love the aspect of survival horror and it's great to see how much content is put into creating your own base. Co-op is very fun and I hope they eventually add multiple servers which you can connect to globally. The cannibals are scary as ever and provide a more than welcomed challenge for multiple people in your party.Consistent updates and thriving devs will continue to make this game a success compared to many other forgotten survival games.Overall the Forest is a great game and I recommend it to everyone!9/10 would let my son get kidnapped again
76561197980315231,Recommended,242760,17563907,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Blakey,"Spend a good ten minutes chopping down trees for your new lodge, chop the last tree down and it sways the wrong way and lands ontop of your lodge. Story of my life."
76561198049083417,Recommended,242760,18262951,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ledgy,"One of the contenders of best survival games out there, in the realistic section.Gorgeous graphics, intriguing crafting and inventory system, sweet foliage/fauna generation, lots of content, a lot of mupliplayer fun, a big island to explore.And here's the best part: it's not even finished. This is game is a marvel, as well as it's very responsive devs.+ + + + + + + + + +/10"
76561198190700927,Recommended,242760,23364899,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,[Steel Wing]Harbinger,"I have only played 1.5 hours so my review may not be helpful to many, but I have to say if you are on the edge and can't decide what to buy, please read my review.It is creepy, fun, easy crafting, a TRUE adventure though. I have played ARK for a long while on PC and XBOX, played H1z1 for a very long time. I have to say that this is easily up their with these games. I have to say that this game is keeping me intrigued! Best Horror survival I have played ever!"
,Recommended,242760,34820717,Posted: 8 September,all,King❤Eagle,Best Game for ever !!
,Recommended,242760,22074461,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,⌂NSP⌂ HapyDoorknob,"One of the few alpha games that is actually bieng taken care of. This beta has a great future, updates every now and then that are actually put to players wishes. Reall enjoyable. Get it."
76561198045472263,Recommended,242760,10314275,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Dark Dragon D29,"Attempt 1: Crash plane, lost child to naked homo tribesman, loot plane, pick up axe from flight lady, 3 homo tribesmen stalk me, pick up rock *unconsious*wake up in cave, fall through floor10/10 would unconcious again.Attempt 2: Crash plane, lost child to naked homo tribesman, loot plane, pick up axe from flight lady, spot 3 homo tribesman, run, run for the beach, built shelter, made unlimited cocktails, got jumped by 15 homos, kill em with fire, clone the heads, make effigies light them on fire, tried to changed weapon from molotov and dropped it on myself...... Died10/10Attempt 3: Crash plane, lost child to naked homo tribesman, loot plane, pick up axe from flight lady, spot 3 homo tribesman, run, run for the beach, built shelter, 3 homos found me, ran some more, lost them, went home, found a dead body, hacked it, flew 300 meters in the air and died, woke up in cave found the Neverending Flaregun Flamethrower 3000, went on rampage in cave, built a log cabin in mid air, jumped on a rock and died.10/10 play this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198076827228,Recommended,242760,12430862,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Acidguts,It will make you fear your shadow...
,Recommended,242760,11356422,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,mattshotcha,Sooooo creepy and fun and getting better every update. Totally worth the price.
,Recommended,242760,11771194,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,$5 Foot Dong,Basically ive played 8 minutes i spawned in a plane it crashed my son got taken away i chopped a tree down the music volume and tone and hardcoreness turned up jump scare and AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH i hit the quit button as fast as i could10/10
76561198077164582,Recommended,242760,12412228,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Caramel Bear,made a maze with traps and a throne at the end of the maze with me sitting there.Better than CoD: Ghosts11/10
,Recommended,242760,22040279,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,rewop izan,"1. I built a huge castle made of wood.2. Added a wall of rocks and bones.3. Realized that my neighborhood is the main village of cannibals (genius).4. Met cannibal version of Spiderwoman.5. Killed that creature.6. Tried to build defensive walls to sleep peacefully.7. Get killed by ♥♥♥♥ing flying baby, when I was trying to realize why stone's eaten my sled with logs.11/10 - Could watch the flying brats again."
76561198273184706,Recommended,242760,25585049,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Depressed-Creepypasta-Queen,"This game is amazing. I am in love with this game and so is my friend. We played for hours ! Amazing graphics , fun gameplay and challenging. I also love the fact that you can eat cannibals ! 5000/10 recommend this game."
,Recommended,242760,16230719,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Marcow,Flew 200 Feet up into the sky with my log sledge.11/10 Would fly again
,Recommended,242760,21920601,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Kaizy,"best ""how to survive after a plane crash"" simulator (im ready to survive a real plane crah)"
76561198018506613,Recommended,242760,30357461,Posted: 6 March,all,N3 (Tyurru),With friends. This game is just funny and awesome!
76561198009729872,Recommended,242760,10404024,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Snuffleupagus,"Grown man, screamed like a litte girl. 10/10."
76561197966160143,Recommended,242760,12183807,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Electron Entanglement,Crashed in some crazy placeFound some supplies on planeAte granola bars and drank some pop!Gathered some leaves and sticksBuilt a fireCrazy 'islander' stared at me awkwardly and chargedKilled him with axe and built a shelterSlept for 2 dayskilled a rabbitsaw someone at night walking around with flashlightwent back to sleepburned my self with my own fire so jumped into the waterwent back to sleepcooked a rabbitseveral 'islanders' came upon menaked woman struck first with an amazing death blowwoke up in a cave dead people everywherefound a flare gun and another axefell through some crevice in the cave and fell to infinity while firing flare gun shots11/10
,Recommended,242760,20814214,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,InsAniTy,Heard screamsGot attackedGot dragged offWoke up in a caveExplored the caveImmediately regretted itWould recommend because log squats
,Recommended,242760,20096947,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,madrox1de42069,"I was skeptical at first but after playing the game I would HIGHLY recommend it! Its turning out to be one of my favorite games of all time. If you like survival and building games then you absolutely must try this one out!!! Between surviving, defending and exploring there is always something to keep you playing. Take your time and enjoy all this game has to offer!"
76561198085360670,Recommended,242760,20191605,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PaxIsMax,This is a great game to play with a friend or two. The survival mechanics are superb.
76561198083225152,Recommended,242760,10385872,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,SteenbergGaming,"ALPHA REVIEW:The Forest is a game that even in the alpha state it is in at this moment has fantastic graphics, good developers, and fans that love it.First time playing: Ran into cannibal village to greet my neighbors; they had me for a BBQ dinner.Second time playing: Got caught and shoved into a cave, rumors has it i would still wander them now 4 days later.Third time playing: I found a bunny :3Fourth time playing: Found my bunny again :3, had to kill it for dinner ;_;.Fifth time playing: Attempting to sell log cabins to my new neighbors; they caused a riot and ate me.Sixth time (current): ExploringI look forward to updates this game will get in the future, and if multiplayer gets added in the future I will definitely play this a  lot with my friends.DISCLAIMER: No cannibals were hurt in the making of this review, 1 bunny died sadly, he will not be forgotten.10/10 would recommend, and 10/10 would definitely play more of it."
,Recommended,242760,10320190,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Snake Plissken,"Loving this game so far, can't wait to see more from this developer. Here's my lets play and full impressions of the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ozETWRAYPIThe Forest offers a visually immersive survival experience, with the addition of co-op it would become a staple for survival horrors. The AI are incredibly intelligent and frightening at the same time. There is great attention to detail within the game instead of just a large landscape without any character. Majestic mountains and secret oasis's can be found around the island. There are so many things to find in this game that it makes it worth getting simply for the exploration.This is the first game that I have found in open alpha that hasn't disappointed me, with the exception of contagion. The game is obviously not finished, but it is poised to become an absolutely great game if the little bugs can be fixed. The game is ENTIRELY playable at this point however, I highly recommend purchasing it before the price goes up."
,Recommended,242760,10992167,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,๖ۣۜSirCazzM,"So here's the deal of what happened.1.Crashed, Found axe, didn't know where to go. :\2.Managed to pick up a bunch of random conveinent stuff.3.Found some peninsula towards the far east side of the plane.4.Sorrounded peninsula with standing fires.5.Froze my balls off for several nights.6.See first native.7.I hate making new friends.8.Got jumped by 15+ natives9.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s thew me into a cave.10. Escaped cave sam fisher style.11. Got back to peninsula, made some sweet fortifications with a bunch of logs, effigies, fires, The whole 9.- Did that for couple days, whilst steps 2,5,8 happend during the progression.12. Fortfication is Complete. Entire Peninsula Sealed off. Come at me Bro.13. Found out what the stomach icon actually meant.14. Ran off, found a few rabbits, fish, lizards, legs, dog food, dried♥♥♥♥♥♥15. Tried going back to Stronghold, A god damn army of natives got in my way.16. Some real♥♥♥♥♥♥from 300 occured.17. Killed every last one of the damn savages.18. Going back to fort, feeling more victorious than william wallace from Braveheart.19. Naked chick jumps down from tree.20. Falcon punches me into the damn lagoon.21. Died.If Bear Grylls was there, he would be proud."
,Recommended,242760,28785789,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mempheus,Started : dumbass survivor.Evolved : blood-thirsty cannibal.I enjoy chopping the mutants up and drying their meat on the racks like nobody's business. Dayummmmm!!!
,Recommended,242760,13445283,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Young King Dave,"This game is fun and has some good graphics. However, it can get abit boring but they are starting to roll out multiplayer. Multiplayer co-op is in it's first stages, but there is progress. The community is lively and the devs are very co-operative and are always working on updates.So wait a month, maybe two, but i suggest you buy it one day."
,Recommended,242760,10325541,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Motoagogo,"The Forest is one of those rare gems, a survival game that actually makes you fight to survive. From the moment you leave the plane crash you are being hunted, yet you do not know it yet. As you leave the plane you have a sense of calm, that you are a lone surviver of a massive crash that should have killed you. Congrats, yet now you have crazed mutant cannibals after you and they do not hold back. What is that you just heard in the trees? Probably a bunch of mutants that want to eat your skin for lunch.There are quite a few things to do so far even though the game is in 0.01 Alpha. You can craft shelter, make fire pits, craft traps to protect yourself, and even make an effigy to ward off they mutants after killing them and harvesting their limbs. Only fair right? Also the game is graphically stunning, with tons of animal life to feast on and tons of trees to chop down. Also the caves are stunning and beautiful yet terrifying to go through with just your lighter.Yet at the same time since it is in Alpha there are quite a few bugs. As of this review you cannot save, so make sure you have a full play through and not invest too much time getting a large camp ready. Also there is a dupe bug that will sometimes cause you to spawn a ton of items around you that you have in your hand. Also sometimes the mutants will not stop coming, and have had up to 50 of them attacking me, which was nuts and fun at the same time.My MOTO score:Graphics: 9/10Gameplay 7/10Story: 8/10 (Story is what you make it to be, so please do not fight me on this score. You are a survivor of a plane crash, the rest is up to you.)"
,Recommended,242760,18784238,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Edward.G,"You have to say that every updates shows the atitude of the team.That's the atitude we need.That's what have lost in most of the greedy companies.(UBI soft, I's pointing my fingers at you)I really appreciate that I have bought this amazing game."
,Recommended,242760,10301652,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Frostbite,By far the best survival horror game ive ever played in my god dam life.. this game is already awsome.. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,15424129,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,a love letter to you,"So with the recent update... I've had a bit of fun.Explored around the map looking at the new stuff. Found a gigantic hole in the ground, built a house near it.Sadly, you couldn't jump or see into the whole without having to run and jump off a cliff to get the slightest look at it.Personally, this hole has potential. You could spark up a controversy or it could have some crazy theories behind it. Add some stuff to this massive crater. So far this is my theory...Theory time with /10.So far I've noticed on the plane (when I started a new game on release of the new update) the son had a new drawing. You may ask, what drawing /10? It was a drawing of aliens. As I started exploring I come across this gigantic, hole/crater/volcano, who knows? I looked around and what not but the hole was odly shaped, in a perfect circle. I later on died in my own fire as I got dragged into one of the new caves. I found a drawing that I could pick up. I equipped it and lit my lighter as I looked at the drawing. Looked like a UFO or some sort of spaceship. As soon as I looked at for a few seconds a group of mutants started yelling, I turn to see multiple mutants come around the corner and attack me. Could there be aliens..?"
76561198044324415,Recommended,242760,17791033,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SpaceCorgi,10/10 would chase a naked person with a katana.
76561198109784173,Recommended,242760,12909171,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,BlackSmoke,this game just got ten times better because of the co-opAWESOME game 10/10
,Recommended,242760,13741495,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gonks,"The Forest is a mix of the heart attacks brought to you by Amnesia mixed with the building system similar to that of Rust.Pros: Great Building, Great atmosphere, stable early access (singleplayer)Cons: Multiplayer preformance issues, Multiplayer sync issues, Bloom and Brightness effects are locked in place and make the game...well lets say you are staring into heaven for a few minutes at a time during midday.12/31/14 Game state: Fun singleplayer, do not purchase for multiplayer yet. One of the scariest survival games on the market, really recommend for the singleplayer experience. Multiplayer will be great, but simply not playable at the moment."
,Recommended,242760,10290042,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Owl,"I threw a tennis ball at a tree and a lizard fell out.14/10Serious Review ------This game is actually pretty ♥♥♥♥ing spooky. Whenever a mutant starts to stalk you, you will hear a sudden, but quiet piano key. Turn around, and there is a group of them behind you. Stay calm, and back away. The survival aspect of this game is pretty good too. If you are wet and there is no fire, you will freeze to death.A lot of bugs that I found, were fixed with the first update. I fully support this game."
,Recommended,242760,12378830,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Roopoo,"Seriously love the whole survival-exploration theme. Obviously in early stages of development but definitely worth playing, and I'm sure great things can be expected of this game upon full release.Died several times before actually getting anywhere. Mainly by walking into my own campfire. Needless to say, after mutant-proofing my camp; placing deadfall traps, effegies, walls, fires, and two logs away from completing my cabin...upon waking in the middle of the night my camp was plagued by floating mid-air-mutants, which I assumed to be dead.Shooting them with a bow proved only one thing.They weren't."
,Recommended,242760,21755165,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,lafaman,naked men ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)9/11 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,242760,10643527,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,yerrow,if you stand up in your shelter you die
,Recommended,242760,12117389,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,reign,teh f0r3st
,Recommended,242760,10415179,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Messorem,This game is pretty glitchy at the moment i recommend my ♥♥♥♥wit friend jarrod gets the game just so he can♥♥♥♥♥♥himself
,Recommended,242760,16772711,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[CCP]Yorny,"This game is amazing, not only this game is fun to play but it has so much potential and there is so much more to add in ""The Forest"". The game has been release in 2015 and so much progress has been made. Its totally worth buying this game."
,Recommended,242760,10295631,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Krysk,Excellent first person open world horror simulator! Highly recommend!
,Recommended,242760,20024536,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DemonicHobo,Game has very scary cannibals. we were hungry. We ate cannibals. 11/10 would drying rack again
,Recommended,242760,10330413,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ThatGuyBenny,Naked Homo steals your child.11/10
,Recommended,242760,14905883,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Stevies,"Even though this game has many bugs, it is still a very playable and enjoyable game. I'm really excited for the new patch that is coming out, I cannot wait to see what fixes they do and what they add.Here are a few things to know about the game before you purchase it:-This game is in Alpha, which means that it is not even remotely close to being finished.-There are many bugs, especially in co-op mode. It is still playable, especially if you're patient enough.-You can only have ONE save right now. If you start a new game and save and you had a game going previously, you will lose your other save.-There are terrain bugs that will make it hard to do certain things (ie trees that are growing out of large rocks can be impossible to chop down)-The sunlight is obnoxiously bright at times and will make it a lot harder to see anything because it darkens anything around it if you're facing it (I'm hoping they fix this eventually because it can be a real pain)-This game is totally worth buying. It has nothing but potential to be an amazing game."
,Recommended,242760,18212480,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ALPHA HARAMBE | kickback.com,Great game in my opinion. Just dont get it if you have a crummy laptop. You will get terrible frames.
,Recommended,242760,20747627,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Dya Nox εїз,"I have never had so many mini heart attacks in a game before! When I first bought this game I did not expect to enjoy it so freaking much. It was all safe and good at first, just collecting a bunch of food and medicine etc., and me being so focused to hit the luggage right, I hear a creepy laugh and footsteps right behind me and I turn around fast and i jumped when I saw this creepy cannibal staring at me (felt like a staring contest for a minute there xD).At first I thought that they weren't so bad during the day, but boy I was wrong. If you're alone and alot of them surround you, RUN FOR YOUR LIFE! xD It's hillarious playing with your friends though. We love throwing tennis balls at eachother and poking eachother with sticks XD. Had alot of fun trying to kill this spider/octopus like creature. Dying, being revived, friend dying too, both dead, wake up in the plane, run for our stuff, run around more and scream, the creature kills us again, waking up, burning that motherforker to death finally! xDOverall, it's a really great game! You will have alot of spots to explore, creatures that will make you scream, the map is huge so you'll never get bored. I recommend it to everyone, cause it comes with the whole package: survival, scary, alot of fun. 10/10 ♥P.S.: If you don't want to get motion sickness, make sure your motion blur is deactivated and lower your mouse sensitivity!"
,Recommended,242760,10343495,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Matters,"The game is aboslutely stunning, the surroundings around you are so beautiful.Nearly everything in the map of the game is interactive, such as realistic cutting simulations, etc; cutting a tree down will require you to move around the tree, and have you swing your axe at it at a mostly realistic times for the tree to be able to be successfully cut.The game also gives you a feature to not die insantly, instead, get kidnapped to the cannibals cave, we're you can find more items, and weaponary, giving you a better chance of surviving on the island.There are bugs, but that's not a suprise, as this is a public alpha, there are some bugs, such as the constructed tents not able to save the game, the game may sometimes crash, and interacting with other things throughout the map. In the future, this will likely to become fixed, but as for now, it's a really good game that can be enjoyed for the older groups."
,Recommended,242760,11066009,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,†Ṿ† | Boudewijn IJzenarm,"What a psycho game!!!ALL THUMBS UP!I barely survived the first day .... omgIf this is pree alpha i´m so damn impressed!BTW pls consider adding a multiplayerUPDATED REVIEW 12.02.2015YOU GUYS ADDED A MULTIPLAYER!!!!! AWESOM!!!!!BTW nice work on bugfixes and gameplay!Game is still in alpha but plays pretty well atm.Totally worth the 15 bucks.I played about 40 hours and really enjoy the game...At first i wasn´t quite sure if the game will be the same scam as other prealpha versions!But the developers are totally working on it ... with monthly updates and fixes!Keep up the good work and thank you for this fantastic game!UPDATED REVIEW 26.06.15Dear forest team you have done a fantastic job during the last 5 months ...I´m totally impressed!There is only one thing I would kindly ask you to fix/change:please add steam server support or your own servers! The private hosting method brings alotof trouble to the game! Privat pc/internet connections don´t have enough power tolet this baby run stable .... permanent lag and desync are a real problem in this game!If there would be stable professional servers, i would play the multiplayer day and night for the rest of my life!"
,Recommended,242760,10395021,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Mister Captain,"""As the lone survivor of a passenger jet crash, you find yourself in a mysterious forest battling to stay alive against a society of cannibalistic mutants. Build, explore, survive in this terrifying first person survival horror simulator.""*MAY CHANGE IN THE NEAR FURTURE*All this is true. But there is some bugs. After awhile the gameplay gets boring but still fun if that makes sense at all. In general it's a fun game and all, but the gameplay is semi-boring. I still agree that you should try it out. I'll rate this 4/5 stars."
,Recommended,242760,12086025,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,~n00bz~,"The Forest… It just has a menacing undertone to it. It seems anything you apply the noun of the location it seems to give it a type of pristineness, whether admerason or melevilance. The Forest lands on the latter.The game experience is rather well put together in its current state (pre alpha). But where to start..The graphics are are ok, to me the shadows will be the focus when in the woods trying to gather resources. The shadows are done well so far, the shadows move with the sun, diminish in the morning and thicken at sun set. I am sure these shadows will be your worst enemy out there in the future updates since this is where those crazy man eaters are hiding, so keep an eye out.Some of the graphics will seem dated in its current form but they do not take away from the horror/suspense.The sound effects are quality so far, some need improvement. Right now there is a warning song played when an enemy sees you and changes when they enter attack mode. I wish they made more noise when walking and make sounds themselves. I think the music is a good way to know something is watching you but I would prefer to be able to hear them walking, breathing or talking in order to spot these guys but not yet (this kind of takes away the immersion effect). The rest of the sound effects work for the game, from chopping trees down, swimming, walking and jumping, The atmosphere also benefit from the sound design from rainfall to bird songs all give a good level of immersion to the game.The Animations and models are basic right now. Swing hatchet at randomly chosen native trying to kill you (one of only 4 I see) , repeat. Now there are stronger enemies but they too also only share a few different models. With that said these models (or lack of) do not take away from the game play at all, the models are terrifying in any situation. The firee light and animations are also done well and the light from the fire does get blocked from an object and creates their own shadows. But don't get too close to your fire pit/fire pole or you will be burned. But these also burn the enemies and wildlife too. So place some fires around camp and they help fend off those bad guys.Overall the game is quite fun so far, tho a bit repetitive on building and crafting (as of now) there are only a few diff buildings you can make and walls to help protect you more will come I am sure, but after a few hours of play you will have built all buildings/traps that you have. So the main question is do you wait for the actual release or is it good enough to play and buy now?? I say buy it!! You will not disapointed in this survival horror game. With updates coming out almost once a month the content coming will keep you interested in the game. Each new start also creates a new starting location or new map (not sure on this part) but each start is a new place so far. Buy it be safe and get to chopping trees!! Its your only hope to survive; BUILD!~n00bz~  rating scale:Graphics (pre alpha) 6/10Sound/music: 7/10Gameplay: 9/10Replay value: 8/10Glitchiness (not factored in overall): 5/10 (just weird stuff happens at random times)Creep Factor: 7/10Overall pre-alpha:  7.4Passover or Buy: Buy"
,Recommended,242760,25467302,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dr. Medic,"I love this game so much i bought it for 2 of my freinds so we could play it. Its most fun in multiplayer, has a fun consept. But sometimes your game/ world will bug out but its in alfa so thats expected.*edited after finishing the game*List of experences (probly spelt wrong)-1. beat a naked man to death2. friend finds cave and forces me down3. immediently butt rap*d by small baby mutents4. got a massive sword (and erection)5. went in some creapy af research center6. found a small girl that turn into a massive spider b*tch7. nieghboors tell me off for screaming too loud8. dead11/10 would kill naked man with rock again"
,Recommended,242760,30913250,Posted: 2 April,all,Adequate,"Given the amount of time I've pumped into this game since V.57 I figured it's time I gave it a decent review.Despite The Forest being an early access title it is vigorously worked on and polished out by the developers; they really haven't missed a beat when it comes to scheduled updates being pushed out. They listen to the community and although they haven't addressed every bug or flaw, they do seem to comprehend players' thoughts and concerns quite well. It's one of the few, if not the only EA title that I don't regret buying and playing.Let's start with the good:*PROS**Survival and staying alive. The first thing you'll probably notice upon your crash landing is that you're hungry and thirsty, which you'll easily see on your HUD. Drinking and eating doesn't feel like a chore like in other survival games, but it's most definitely important if you don't want to starve to death or die of thirst.Your stamina also depends on how healthy you are, whether you're tired or not, or whether you're hungry or thirsty. You'll find different ways to satisfy these needs, and once used to it it becomes sort-of second nature. Whether it being hunting or fishing, creating water collectors, eating available safe vegetation, boiling pond water or eating the spare snacks and food left over from the airplane, there is an abundance of ways to maintain your basic needs.*Extraordinary sandbox gameplay. If you're into building and creating just about any structure that comes across your imagination, you'll be delighted to know that a lot is possible with the building and construction mechanics as a whole. You'll probably start off small but if you give it the time to learn the basics (Watch youtube videos, trial and error, or learn from experienced builders), you'll likely eventually move on to massive defenses, structures, bases, buildings, etc etc.The developers often implement new features to the construction aspect of the game, and I haven't been disappointed by what's been implemented thus far. Building destruction can be toggled on or off depending on your preferences, I always kept it on to increase difficulty whilst defending a building location from enemies.Crafting items for your inventory is enjoyable once you're familiarized with the required material to create something with. A lot of it is basic common sense, but for creating something you're unaware of the specifications of, to put it simply, Google and The Forest wiki is your friend. From there all one needs to do is find said materials, craft the item, and you're good to go.*The Natives & Mutants. Depending on what you're comfortable with, you can chose to play a game with or without them (Peaceful mode). On single player they're probably going to scare the crap out of you, but that eventually passes; they will keep you on your toes though until you're used to it. Muiltiplayer brings a greater sense of ease from them, but the threat is always there. Fighting them off in greater numbers is always easier. There are a variety of weapons you can find within caves or you can craft yourself that will increase your chances for survival. You'll learn with time where or where to not set up a base depending on your tolerance for enemies coming along to destroy it and viciously attack you.The enemy AI overall is quite good, and you'll eventually learn they in fact have noticeable patterns that you can ultimately take advantage of. As time progresses and you defeat them more & more, you'll find that you will encounter harder cannibals and mutants to defeat. The choice to engage them is up to you whether you're the type to just run away or if you're the type to duke it out. There are a variety of traps and defenses you can construct to be utilized for your advantage and overall safety.*The atmosphere and Environment. Overall it's quite beautiful. The Forest literally feels alive with different types of wildlife ranging from birds and ducks to deer, squirrels, rabbits and more. Reptilian life is also present. The wind in-game is the most realistic out of any game I've ever played. There is a lot of attention to detail whether it be towards wildlife or vegetation in general. The water looks gorgeous whether it be lakes and ponds or of course the ocean. Towards the northern most region of the peninsula there is even a snow/cold weather themed section that will truly put your survival skills to the test.The caves ingame are as extraordinary as they are realistic. The ambience and overall feeling you have when entering them for the first time is quite different than anything I've experienced gaming in a while.  The sounds experienced, especially the echoing of enemies and general sounds proves to be a memorable experience. The entire network of caves can prove challenging and foreboding for new players, but once you get the basics down such as creating a light source it isn't all-too bad. Bad guys in such locations such as mutants and the cannibals can provide one with a jump scare or two; although once dealt with the danger factor degrades, except from things like falling a great distance downwards, etc.*The CONS**Modders and hackers, trolls and griefers. If you're playing multiplayer and aren't playing with a group of friends on a private server, you're almost certainly going to encounter them. Saving often is a must if the latter, especially if you're running a server. This isn't an issue in single player, or if building destruction is turned off, but there are numerous ways these individuals can detract from fun whether it be spawning in all weapons to PVP you, spawning in 500 logs to crash the server, etc. I'm aware that some individuals utilize mods as a way of playing the game, but in my opinion it detracts from the fun and overall point of engaging gameplay.*Bugs and crashes. Depending on whether you're hosting a server or not (Listen server, I have no knowledge with dedicated) these can be numerous and frustrating. They can be small, like wildlife or cannibals running around in circles forever, or they can be detracting, such as the game crashing, objects and world disappearing, getting stuck on a rope, etc. The developers are constantly working on these matters though, but regardless I'd again advise to save as often as possible just in-case.Thus sums up the PROS and CONS that I can think of off the top of my head.In conclusion I'd overall HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who likes the survival genre, anyone who likes the ability to craft and construct numerous items & structures, anyone who likes awesome melee combat against savages and horrendous mutants, and anyone who enjoys exploration in a game as a whole and defending what they've created against a potential onslaught of enemies."
,Recommended,242760,18868877,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Arcradin,"THE BEST HORROR SURVIVAL GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!! 10/10I will break my review down into pros and cons.. starting with cons which is nothingCons:Why is this game in Alpha? It literally seems perfect to me as far as optimization and content,Pros:Music- not much music, but the menu theme and when cannibals are close really sets the moodGraphics- very nice graphics, simple yet appealing, 60+ frames all the time. i'm running a GTX 770 with VSync enabled. Without Vysnc I literally run 200+ FPS, but I prefer my GPU to be stable and not overwork itself which is why I leave VSync on.Gameplay- Outstanding, The crafting system is perfect compared to other survival games. This game doesnt require a billion materials to make anything. you can make anything you want at your fingertips pretty much. Also suprisingly to me the story is good.. just a plane crash on a deserted island with cannibal/skinwalkers on it. The cannibals can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at times and they can be very ♥♥♥♥ing scary.. like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I've played Outlast and other horror games.. but the cannibals in this game can be very terrifying (mainly in their numbers and how they appear so randomly).**NOTE TO NEW PLAYERS**When you first start playing this game.. get away from the plane crash ASAP. The faster you get away from the plane and toward the beach the better, So far I have started a new game 5 times to test some things and i found that the beach is the best spot and the quicker you get away from the plane crash, the more time you have to build your base up."
,Recommended,242760,24405234,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Bingbong,there are babies monster in cave
76561198282450366,Recommended,242760,25466050,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tollas669,"Good crafting and building system, regular updates."
76561198012359437,Recommended,242760,31406554,Posted: 27 April,all,BORG,"Well, after playing The Forest for some time I think it's time for a review before I forget make one again.The game is pretty well rounded and works well. The are bugs of course as is to be expected with an alpha game, but things are shaping up quite well for this game. Considering the limited resources this group has and the amount of people working on it, it's truly a sight to be seen and you wouldn't believe three to four guys actually made this game in such a short time. The fact that this game does have a direction and great survival elements is really a good selling point for this game. Having a survival co-op experience is nice too.The developers recently created a dedicated server for this game too. It is really nice thing and will allow both co-op and some kind of PvP if people really want to PvP in the PvE world. Who knows ambye they'll make some kind of PvP type system for it eventually with time. I must say too if they make a PvP aspect to this game a reality it will surely be successful since the weaponry is crude. With most survival games being evolved around first person shooter genre and guns, it's a really nice change of pace to throw a spear or swing an axe at things instead of fling bullets. Regardless of whether they ad PvP aspects to the game the PvE is quite fun.The fact that people have already created game modes for this game too is neat. With the Horde mod, you and your friends can challenge waves of enemies to see how long you can survive. It's really quite fun.Another great point about this game is the build system. Since the build system is free-form it's truly fantastic. With little restriction in the building system, you can create virtually anything your heart desires. This especially becomes fun in creative mode which allows you to construct without the hassle of farming wood or stone to build.The storyline is decent. Although the game is nowhere near complete nor the story yet, the fact that there is a storyline that can be put together is great. There is substance to the game.Another great thing about this game is the community really feels nice. Not everyone agrees on everything and some people obviously can be pretty ignorant to others at times,  but in this community it feels less hostile than a lot of other survival genre games. So, if you're looking for a nice community behind a game, this one is pretty decent.All in all The Forest is shaping up to be anice survival experience. I'm sure when it's completed it will still be that way. The developers are responsibe and listen to the community's feedback with an open mind. I can't express how good it feels to know the developers care as much about their community as they do their game and they care about both. It shows in their updates and it shows with how they communicate. This group might be small, but they are professional with their business."
76561198065822415,Recommended,242760,10481168,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[C]pt.Morgan,"Well, this game is just alpha, but it´s already amazing. I am very excited about every update.. There are many things, which can be implemented (Tree house, more animals, co-op mode, mode without cannibals etc.) I´ve been waiting for this game so long and that price is worth it. Guys don´t even think about not buying this it is really worth it. Yeah there is many glitches and bugs, but even though it´s great game...GREAT GAME ;) Keep up the good work devs :3"
76561197970317536,Recommended,242760,11045846,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,the Earnest Octopus,"Do you like chopping down trees and collecting leaves from bushes? Do you like carrying up to five rocks at any given time? Do you often wish you could chop a monitor lizard with an axe and wear its shimmering hide? Do you want to be surrounded by groups of native mutant tribesman that stare at you threateningly before rushing you with makeshift weapons and ultimately drag your unconscious body away? Do you wish you could wake up in a dark cave surrounded by the corpses of fellow non-natives with only a Bic lighter to light your way out of an intricate system of tunnels with deadly drops hidden in the dark? Do you like mutant tribesman climbing trees to spy on you after you've escaped their cave, all while you grill rabbit in a rainstorm near a hastily made leaf leanto? Do you often dream of taking revenge on previously mentioned mutant-tribesman-kidnap-voyeurs and ripping them limb from limb with your monitor lizard axe before posting their severed heads, arms, and legs on pikes to decorate your campsite in a show of glorious bloodlust victory? If you answered yes to these questions, you should play the Forest, because you can do all of those things. You can also stab fish with spears: the way a real man goes fishing."
,Recommended,242760,14241719,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Forsaken Wolf,Your annoying child dies in a plane crash10/11
,Recommended,242760,15820517,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,pocky♥,this game gives me the chills. 9.5/10
76561198193161928,Recommended,242760,19858952,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,kmschool,"One of the best games I have ever played. Constantly being upgraded and evolving. Beautiful graphics. Overall this game is on another level from all other survival games. The greatest thing about this game is it's use of the dark. When it's dark it is really dark. You can't see your hand infront of your face. This is usually followed by a scream in the distance as they come for you.I cannot over-sell it. This game is truly beautiful and terrifying.I found that the game started to stagnate for a short while, but then I realized it was because I was too afraid to explore. This game can be so terrifying you don't want to leave you base. You just want to stay alive. You won't. Once you get better you will for some solid stretches of time, but eventually they find you. Save often.Once you get over your fear of venturing out into the world, and grow a pair enough to start going down into the caves the game really comes to life...and the real terror begins. This game is amazing.Sadly my game has somehow glitched this time not allowing me to pick up the rebreather. I can find it and pick it up, but it will not enter my inventory. I have survived nearly 80 days and built multipe large encampments. This rebreather issue limits where I can go so I will likely have to start over.Here is the thing...this game is so good I don't really mind.As you learn in the game and explore your working knowledge improves so much your survival skills increase. You build smarter. You farm resources more efficiently. You become a better killer.No mutants will stop me. I will rule this island.This game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,242760,14668917,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Meme666,oh hi ittle bunny hi weird cannIBLE AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOh look some rocks and a foot wai..AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHBE careful now dont fall into that CAVE??!!11/10 So many ways to die {:
,Recommended,242760,14128920,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,CrySunsetX,AirAsia Simulator 201410/10 Would love to crash again.
76561198181377761,Recommended,242760,15996721,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Man Rising,Have your frame rate bounce your screen around like it's a strobe party. Get pummeled by big booty b***h tribes women. Get tusked by boars while destroying the ecosystem one tree at a time. Dive into the heart of darkness for some rope and a severe case of claustrophobia. Attempt to genocide an entire tribe of mannequin men and their demented young to keep a beach for yourself? Party like it's 1999.10/10.
,Recommended,242760,14836650,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,^9[DSS]Dahaka,"An alpha game that is already worth the money it costs, with excellent features, devs that regularly update the game (one update every 15 to 25 days) and who listen to the players and teh community.The bugs at this version 0.14 are not too many or too gamebreaking, and quite tolerable, plus they usually get fixed in one or two updates time, while a larger gamebreaking bug IF one occurs (rarely) gets fixed with a hotfix in 2-3 days.The gameplay is awesome, with the only thing thats puts you off (just a little bit) is the many trees you have to chop down, but only if you are the creative huge base - building player. The enemies are pretty smart, give you a natural feeling with the way they act (travelling at packs, checking out noises they hear, women freak out if a patrol/family member dies etc.)Caves provide extra horror, with stronger mutant enemies that can kill in one blow, while offering prety good loot to gather (cassetes, booze even a flare gun), making the player to go cautiously tempted by the loot inside but fearing for his life on the other hand.The structures and the building are pretty diverse, with new things added almost every update, the crafting is also very nice.Overall a very enjoyable game, very much worth the money it costs, definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,242760,33299483,Posted: 5 July,all,✪ козак,"For an early access game only 15$ it's a great game. The ending was absolutely amazing, highly recommend, especially if you decide to play with a friend"
,Recommended,242760,10300590,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Glitchstorm,Game has mutant rave partieshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSYXCefLosw11/10 would throw money at devs again
,Recommended,242760,13777571,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rimelight,Went into a cave. Got lost. Found a black wall leading me to another dimension. Found lots of tables inside the cave. Touched flaming skull. Began swimming in the cave. Glitched out of the map. No enemies. 30 minutes wasted.Found second cave. Walked in a circle. Lots of hanging bodies. Not a single enemy. Another 30 minutes wasted.Saw naked women. 10/10.
,Recommended,242760,10308182,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,HighThumb,"Almost two hours in the game and I absolutely love it. You start off on a crashed jet plane filled with sodas, rags and food. As you proceed towards the exit of the plane you pick up a hatchet that was stabbed in a flight attendent's chest. While you are outside there's luggages that are locked but you can break them open with your hatchet and there's also rabbits and lizards which can be used as a food source later on. But make your decisions quick and get the hell out of there because the mutants will ambush you and scare the hell out of you and kidnap you (what they did to me). Assuming that you got out of the area alive, you have to find a place you find fit for shelter (I prefer the coast because you can see your surroundings better). Your survival book is a HUGE help, look through it in order to build fires to cook your food and keep you warm. But be careful cause they're watching!Only cons are the bugs, the bugs are noticeable as soon as you start playing. I'm not going into specifics cause there are too many bugs to name one by one. But then again it is a Pre-Alpha Build so you can't quite judge it yet.Overall, this game is an amazing survival/horror game. It's definitely worth the price. I see lots of potential and I expect this game to be huge once it's finished. Completely recommend to anyone who loves a good survival game!"
,Recommended,242760,10542623,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,WATCHoutLOUD,Cannibal woman's body exploded on impact. Threw me across the map. 10/10
76561198049097857,Recommended,242760,10396441,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,[KSG]Darkassassin,"Day one-I seem to be the only one left after the crash. I need to find my son and get the hell out of here.Day two- I found a bunny and i decided to name him fred, he brought me to a fresh water source and food. I decided to make a house with fred and our journey began to look for my missing son.Day three-Me and fred awoke to a scream in the middle of the night, I keep hearing these weird sounds I......I don't know how i can make it out alive. i saw people on a boat but if I was just a little faster i would not be writing this. As soon as they got close to the shore the cannibals pounced on them from the trees. the cannibals made quick work to the driver he had his throat cut, the two women were carried away by these things. I watched in horror as the rest were killed. I want to go home.Day four-This will be my last journal I ran out of food and...... lets just say we won't be seeing fred for awhile now, I was attacked by these cannibals and I woke up in a cave, to my horror I saw all of the passengers on the plane most of them dead hanging with parts of them missing. I cant find my way out of this damn cave please....please help me. for anyone who reads this run get out of here while you can.        12/10 very fun and worth the money + naked women :3"
,Recommended,242760,28752405,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nafis,"It is a Open world survival game.In Forest, the player must survive on a forested island after a plane crash during which mutants are seen taking the player's son away. The player survives by creating shelter, weapons, and other survival tools. Inhabiting the island, along with various woodland creatures, are a tribe of nocturnal, cannibalistic mutants who dwell in deep caves beneath the island. While they are not necessarily always hostile to the player, their usual behavior is aggressive, especially during the night..It has best graphics within 900mb.Thanks"
76561198071974612,Recommended,242760,11858061,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,OwenMackenzie,Was punched by a naked woman and flung to space. 10/10 would play again.
,Not Recommended,242760,17223302,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,King,its been in alpha for years
76561198092593324,Recommended,242760,17247341,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,DemonSlayer,"Went to the beach to build a shelter.Got harassed by the locals on my way there.When I finally removed the whole forest from the map I could build my log cabin.Locals did not approve of this so I was once again harassed, at night, inside my own cabin.I then went to the local Cave inn. but was not welcomed with joy, rather chased by this weird guy with allot of arms.Went back to my broken cabin and it was occupied by 2 locals who seem to have taken over the property -_-Killed a lizard , wore it's skin as armor and then killed 2 locals.Fearing the authorities I have since uninstalled the game"
76561198125906709,Recommended,242760,18482502,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Spazzdick,I got the type of hunger that only hands would satisfy.
,Recommended,242760,10429733,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Horrid,"Pretty much all that runs through my head as I build my fortress is ""I'm a lumberjack and thats OK, I sleep all night and I work all day!""Lumberjacking simulator 10/10"
76561198066626944,Recommended,242760,16724478,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ropp,"Considering buying this? Well, here's why I think you should.The Forest is an Open World survival game where It's You vs Cannibals & Nature. You must scavenge for food, water, and supplies. Gather as much wood, sticks, rocks, and anything else you can find before night comes. During the night your primary goal is to survive the waves of cannibals, without dying. Pretty simple objectives. You can choose to play online, join forces with your friends (or strangers), and build massive bases and fight off the waves of cannibals. Or you can choose to play solo and face all the challenges alone, which in my eyes, is alot harder & more challenging. Playing with online is an amazing feature because It alows you and your friends to co-op and try to survive together. You guys can discuss base plans and survival tactics, and you can fight along side them, making you a virtually impossible team to stop. It's awesome, I recommend playing with friends HIGHLY. Also, I've met some great friends just by joining random servers, which is also where you can get some great help. Building is completely custom. You can build anything, anywhere.The Graphics are great, the world is absolutely beautiful, and the goal is plain and simple: Survive.With all this being said, the game is only gonna get better, considering that it is still in early alpha. So if you aren't Intrigued yet, then I don't know what else will work.Graphics 9/10Gameplay: 10/10AI: 7/10Online: 9/10OVERALL: 9/10I hope this has helped your decision!"
76561197970699634,Recommended,242760,10302793,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Ronin Samurai,"This game has a lot of potential. But warning to buyers: at the moment, the number of bugs and glitches make it really difficult to play and enjoy... Do I recommend it? Yes for players who understand games in alpha stages, no to people who want to buy a finished product."
76561198054489257,Recommended,242760,10324072,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,O88,"По уровню лагов, багов и прочих недоработок The Forest просто обогнал даже DayZ, а Fps просто убогий. Короче ждем новых обновлений... не знаю"
,Recommended,242760,12990557,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Kōhe,accidently killed a raccoon.. instantly felt bad
76561198317504859,Recommended,242760,29250267,Posted: 14 January,all,Emils,"Mir persöhnlich gefällt dieses spiel sehr gut,es ist immer wieder erstaunlich wie sehr die Produzenten an den einzelnen Details feilen. Und ich muss wirklich sage, dass the forest bei mir am besten von den Survival Games abgeschnitten hat. Am besten finde ich ja, dass das gesamte Spiel aus einer einzigen Story besteht,Wirklich empfehlenswert für die Survival Experten unter uns!:-D"
,Recommended,242760,10403514,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,A-Pathetic,Cut down trees with tiny axe.Built ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shelter.Built ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fire pit.Got in a fight against three random foos that ran away and tried to hide in trees after I chopped one of their bros up and used his head as a weapon.Died walking over my own fire pit.10/10.
76561198122169878,Recommended,242760,10305695,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Robin Williams,I came up with a good joke.I guess this game is like real life.Because in real life we also can't save The Forest.HAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAI don't have many friends...
76561198001530298,Recommended,242760,16310580,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,spook,"This game is lovely. The crafting system is deep and satisfying. The atmosphere is forboding, and when it choses, The Forest can be legit scary. The devs seem like good eggs - the game receives very regular updates, issues and bugs are quickly addressed, and improvements always exceed expectations. I could details some of the frustrations I have had, over my hours with The Forest, but the vast majority were already addressed by the developers in recent patches. In particular, the recent graphical overhaul is substantial and welcome improvement to presentation. Spearing fish is neat. Chopping down trees is weirdly satisfying. The mutants are hella f'd up.There's really only one problem with The Forest, as I see it - the game is still in Early Access, and will be for the foreseeable future - so I have to avoid putting in too many hours, so that the final build feels somewhat fresh.tl;dr - game is good, devs seem good, you should buy."
76561198125786158,Recommended,242760,29615269,Posted: 31 January,all,Alina,"This game runs perfectly on my geforce 740 M laptop. It is brilliantly optimised. It is gorgeus , the graphics are stunning, the   sound of the wind, the trees, the water everything makes you feel like it is real. Then there are the canibals and the mutants: an unbelivably smart Ai that will freeze your heart in terror, wherever you are, you are always tense about being attacked. Sure, there isn't much content atm, but considering the effort that was put into it so far makes me very optimistic that this will become an amazing game in its final form. I was not one to enjoy survival games before, I can safely say that it was The Forest that got me hooked. Now it's all I look for lol."
,Recommended,242760,16534834,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hanz -هنز,Best slovenian lumberjack simulator ever!Get to chop down all kinds of trees while being stalked by eastern european cannibalistic nudists.11/10
,Recommended,242760,10303935,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Harkin,I was building a shelter on a beach with a group of mutants hiding nearby watching me. When I attacked one of them he drop-kicked me a mile out into the water. 10/10 GOTY.
,Recommended,242760,10327911,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Universus1,"Great game, still in alpha and looks very good. The objective is to survive, then you need to use what you can find, trying to combine materials and build structures to do that. From chopping trees to collecting rocks and sticks, to hunt for food or defend yourself. This objectives gives this game great potential. I will wait impacient for more crafting abilities that promises a lot. I usualy dont buy games on early access or in alpha, but this one i see potential to be a great game. If the devs invest on the variety of crafting, buildings and little things you might do on game apart of the mutants, and with a good story, it may give you long hours of entertainment.Im happy that i invest my money on a ""maybe almost sure great game"", and i wish good luck to all the devs of this game.Happy survival for you devs of The Forest."
,Recommended,242760,10374661,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVC6xXLc_EkAbove is my video impressions of the gameThe forest is an early access that is full of promise. The game looks great for such an early stage, with realistic visuals, and a large open world. Though it's enjoyable even at this point of the development cycle, it still has some rough edges to smooth over.The game's survival is really about exploring than any thing else at the moment. If you expect a fully complete and polished game, you might want to wait for future updates. But if you're willing to buy into potential, the Forest is full of that (and hungry hungry cannibals.Pros:- Great looking graphics- Awesome ""wood chopping"" effects- Almost all foliage is intractable / destructible- Large open world to discover- Freaky mutated cannibals are freakyCons:- Still feels incomplete- Wood falling effect a bit wonky- Not much Narrative in current version"
,Recommended,242760,10300145,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,RBxTaco,"Now before you see the thumbs up and instantly think the game is fantastic, actually read the review first. First-off this game is buggy as f*ck. Don't buy this game if your looking for a nearly completed game. I got aLOTof bugs, including randomly dying, and no way to save my game. Items combine, duplicate, etc. Also, the game performs really badly atm. I'm running it on a GTX 760, and i get about 30 fps on the highest settings, while I get around 45 in Battlefield 4. If you have a low end PC, don't expect to run this game at high framerates. The combat is also pretty sh*tty. The flare gun shoots as fast as you can click with no reloading or cooldown, and infinite ammo.All of that being said, this game definitely has huge potential. The time the game wasn't completely bugging out, it was actually decently scary. And it looks like it probably has a good story behind it. The survival elements are pretty cool as well. It allows for custom buildings, which is always a plus side. The team seems like its very open to bug reports as well. Basically the point I'm trying to get across is, if you can get passed the incredibly low framerates, massive amount of bugs, and clunky combat, I can definitely recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,242760,10477792,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Joshikazam,"I crashed in a plane, a naked man stole my child, and now I'm beating cannibals with their own legs.10/10"
76561198016032401,Recommended,242760,13010398,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dajve Bikinus,"This is mental. Good alternative survival game with fun enemies, great graphics and atmosphere. When playing singleplayer it definately makes you feel isolated etc and in danger."
76561198048128820,Recommended,242760,13000691,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SunlessHeart,Walked out of the plane and crouched. Then was randomly shot up 20 feet into the air and fell to my death. 10/10 would fly again.
,Recommended,242760,10362676,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SuicideBars,"Game is incredibly fun! As soon as you get out off the plane you are to gather as much supplies as you possibly can before the cannibals go and investigate, You can simply get all you need to survive for a day or two before you actually go and hunt right from the start. Building your shelter and such though will take some time, and building it at the wrong place can cause your life.The forest looks amazing, will take you some time to get familiar with it with all the cannibals out there (And because is Huge!). Amazing thing is that the forest ain't even done, there are more areas to be made in the near future! it lacks a bit in the resources however, finding animals to hunt is a little difficult, but a update will be made later on where more animals to hunt will be added. Also there are some things that you can't build, and now that the infinite flare gun is out, there is no more advantages lol. My tip for you guys will be to make as much Molotovs as you can by combining Bottles and Rags. However this game is still in Alpha, and there are only 4 people on the process of making it. I give them props, 4 people and they are able to make and amazing game, You guys won't be dissapointed!"
76561198043791212,Recommended,242760,10289566,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Suicid3grunt,"Enemies take 10/10 hits to kill. 10/10.The game is very funny, and fun. my only real problem right now is the save feature being broken as well as the enemies being imensely overpowered.They hit me with their fists and I go down in like 5 hits, I hit them with an axe and they dont ever go down."
76561198074205811,Recommended,242760,10329008,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Biclops,A bird landed on my finger.11/10
,Recommended,242760,10402809,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,MagicKuhn,"~The First Encounter~Surviving a plane crash isn't so easy once i woke up what i saw was rows of seats and a few food trays,I decide to get out as soon as i came to I found an axe,The axe was hacked into a persons chest,I decide to grab it and start getting some wood and some food to try to survive,I decide to head north and i found a perfect area a little beach area,I look around and i see a  silhouette staring right at me,The silhouette starts to run at me so i run,I saw a boat in the ocean so i swimmed as fast as i could to the boat,i felt safe for a bit and saw a few other silhouettes they ran,""huh they didn't see me"",I thought,So i decide to get off the boat to get some food since i'm starving,To my surprise the thing that chased me was still alive and ran straight towards me and punched me clear to the sky,i blacked out.~Summary~So aside from a few glitches the game is wonderful a true survival horror it gives you the feeling of being scared and hunted by these tribe people,This game is worth every penny and can't wait for it to be finished."
,Recommended,242760,14267038,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,rayfireblast,"So you purchase a plane ticket to go to Aruba to have a good time. You purchase your tickets on a cheap airline in order to save money because you are a cheapskate. When you get seated on the plane the stewardist seats an annoying 5 year old next to you. He screams kicks and bothers the heck out of you for 3 hours until you hit intense turbulence. The airplane crashes. A mutant takes the kid and you rejoice as you are free from the little demon. It is that moment that it hits you, you left your sink on at home. At that moment you decide its time to put on your big man pants and try to get off the island you crashed on."
,Recommended,242760,14235447,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,nicko11762459,"Im enjoying this game, it still needs some work but once its done it should be amazing."
76561198048603757,Recommended,242760,14261263,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SwickDaddy,"My plane went down and it appears as if I'm the only survivor... I had a child. Forget his name already. He may still be alive. Some naked guy took him. Not my problem. I've rummaged through all of the luggage and managed to find this pen and paper. I guess I'll keep a journal.Day 1 - Some more crazy naked people scared the living jesus out of me, I started to build a shelter in a nice little spot, but had to abandon it. I heard terrifying sounds and bolted. Did not look back. I ran until I couldn't run anymore. I've come to a beach with a few cargo containers kicking around. Looks like a good spot. Tonnes of stuff to loot, including what looks like an old campsite... but the tents are still up. Nobody else is around. Half built my crappy little shelter, got a fire going and put some delicious lizard on it to cook up. Going to go grab some logs before the sun comes up.Day 2 - I was out of camp a little longer than expected... I had my two logs up on my shoulder and was nearing my camp when something caught my eye, some shadows moving IN my campsite. I dropped my logs and got out my axe, and started running towards it. The two shadows left as quickly as they had come. Those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s took my cooked lizard. (Or I left it on the fire too long) either way. I was not a happy camper. I finally managed to build my hunting shelter though. I see a log cabin in the book... going for that next because why not.Day 3 - I was out cutting down trees when I heard a terrible sound behind me. Two naked guys were there staring at me. Judging me. Hating me. I ran. Screw the logs. I did find a sweet skull on the ground while running though. Grabbed it. Got back and made a skull club. They didn't follow me. That day. Tonight they came up on my camp again. I SWEAR it is the same two stalking me this whole time. I've named them. One is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the other is Jimmy. Jimmy got too close... I didn't mean to I swear... but I had to bash his skull in. Jimmy ran off...Day 4 - Dear god. There is definitely more than two this time... Six? Maybe seven.... They're all out there around my camp. Running around all crazy like.... It's time to make a stand.(The journal seems to stop there)11/10   Such a fun game! And in early access? Definitely worth the 20ish$"
,Recommended,242760,10305674,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,pip_dog,"Innocently went about my business...built a fire, a hunting shelter, ate a few mushrooms. Brief encounters with natives that ended in simple staring contests left me feeling empowered. Started work on a cabin, all was well. But then..... disaster. Hostile natives came at me from all directions, even the trees. As I fended them off with my trusty axe I could feel the strain of combat taking its toll on my body, but I had gone this far and there were only two natives left. I could do this. I could claim this land as my own. They had taken my child and kidnapped me to show me their horrific ways. No more. I would eradicate this evil from my home. I turned to swing my axe. I was met by a club to the arm, I had miscalculated their speed! I staggered back, my armor gone. The native came in for another attack, this time to my chest. I braced for impact. His club hit me with unimaginable power. I felt my chest cave in and my skin burn as I was catapulted at supersonic speeds above the forest in which I had crashed. And then, just as the plane that had brought me here had, I crash landed on the other side of the map.10/10 would be catapulted again."
76561198132633094,Recommended,242760,16213511,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Apollo,"Amazing game , has a very big future and i definitely recommend it to everyone, it's very fun"
,Recommended,242760,10295014,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,[HN] L.Baudoin [PTF] (Partyhatz),"Day1: I was greeted by some grey man in a plane, he picked up Sharnisha and ran away with her. I got up much later to be starving and in need of energy. I managed to find two trays of food however, which some ♥♥♥♥ing way, did not exit the aircraft upon splitting in two. I exited the white, shiny aircraft to be greeted by Sharnisha's captors and got ♥♥♥♥ed up by their stones attatched to sticks. Day 2: I woke up in a strange cave upon which was very dark. When I flicked on my light, I was startled by many hanging bodies and limbs. I walked around the dimly light cave until falling under the earth where limbs were seperated into a vortex of the unknown, and then there was darkness... and a red screen saying I survived 2 days."
,Recommended,242760,13627153,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,東方の黑猫✿,The Graphic was really EPIC! But i believe most of our PC cant support :(
76561198015176193,Recommended,242760,24722443,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Arnie,"A very mysterious and immersive game that is very different to other bog-standard survival titles out there.Don't boggle about it being an early access game, which normally have bad reputations.It's an adventure which you can either contest alone, or with some friends.It can be scary when you play alone though. Being alone at night in a forest full of cannibals and monstrosities, while hearing disturbing sounds in the distance still sends chills down my spine.Building is one of the most realistic I've seen in games. It requires realistic amounts of materials, for example a woodhouse constisting of 80 logs, really requires 80 logs to build.The survival aspect, as in eating and drinking, is not annoying nor difficult. It just adds to the immersion of the game.The combat is standard, not too clunky but also not very complex. You run to your enemy and swing your axe at them.The missing crosshair while shooting a bow bothered me in the beginning. But I got used to it and probably find it better now not having it there, adding another difficulty in combat.The AI is the interesting part of this game. The cannibals don't act like usual monsters, just running towards you while attacking. They feel like they have their own personality. When they spot you they stand still, looking confused as who you are. They act passive and run around you until they realize what danger you are (or how good your flesh smells). They help their injured allies and always scavange around the island in groups. Their behaviour makes you realize that they are just inhabitants of the island, holding together to protect their property.If you are looking for an unique experience with beautiful and optimized graphics, I definitely recommend The Forest."
76561198046257490,Recommended,242760,10323635,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,HashxBrowns,Game has tons of naked women running around trying to eat u. Tons of boobs.
,Recommended,242760,10336833,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,NIN420,"Freaking AWESOME, especially for alpha. Imagine minecraft mixed with dead island. GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,242760,32844684,Posted: 26 June,all,|\/| | A W,"Low fps issue , fun to play"
,Recommended,242760,12017735,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,pitchfork,if you like intense nail stabbing into your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you're probably in a mental insitute
76561198140733546,Recommended,242760,14384420,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,villep,"10/10 fun, scary, difficult, rewarding. Reasonably frequent updates with lots of stuff every time. This is how you do early access, a lot of developers could learn a thing or two."
,Recommended,242760,12030135,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,D4iZy,"Double edged sword reallly,but I know its an alpha and I really hope the DEV's read these.I have over 200 hours logged,so yea I Love the game!! Im really looking forward to different AI settings for mutants! I want them to hjnt me, worship me,  I have SS's to show a few have started to, Please bring male muties back, i hear them squawking at night, but only females show. All in All, like i said, I have 200 hours! So yea its fun! Buy it! But remember its early access! This game has SO much potential! Get it while its cheap!!!"
,Recommended,242760,10332283,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Thorn.,"This is an amazing game for anyone one who loves survival games, but this is way more than just a survival game compared to latest releases in the survival genre this has got to be the best by far although the game is still in its alpha stage and a fair few bugs here and there. it has a beginning of a story and a couple jumpscares along the way. this game has lots of amazing features and hopefully alot more to come."
,Recommended,242760,20388840,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,porple,"Fkin love rhis game this game was amazing with a beautiful graphics and exciting story and the most beautiful part in this game was crafting system, choping trees, multiplayer so that was my review I hope this game getting better and better"
,Recommended,242760,10440444,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,xBeau Gaming,"Gave a woman from the forest a freshly skinned rabbit.  She freaked out and attacked me!! After I killed her, I axed her body just to make sure she was dead.  Her corpse exploded and shot me in the air 40 feet and I died.11/10"
,Recommended,242760,11611652,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,JareBear,"If you are looking for a complete, brutal survival game, you sir, are looking in the wrong place. Dont get me wrong, this is not a horrible game that isn't worth your money. If you're a fan of early access games, and you don't mind waiting for the next update (which comes rather fast with this development team), this is worth the time and money spent. This is a game that is progressing, bit by bit, and will easily shape in to a great, semi-realistic survival experience. This game is totally worth playing, though i only recommend this to people who enjoy watching a game make progress."
76561198106396760,Recommended,242760,30398167,Posted: 8 March,all,Ramona Flowers,"I love this game! The night is dark and full of terrors ""wink wink"" and the multiplayer is very fun and surprisingly smooth for being in alpha. I only wish the game supported mac so i could play it on my laptop (even if on lower quality)."
,Recommended,242760,10991061,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,𝓕𝓲𝓼𝓱,"After your plane splits in half over the ocean, you manage to survive a crash landing on a mysterious island, where a human-like figure has taken your (presumably) son to the unknown. You are tasked with surviving, and soon find that the island is hostile, with many things that may kill you, but some things remain hidden, for you to find."
,Recommended,242760,10319275,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,daev,Large amounts of seaguls flock around me.I am seagul lord.10/10
76561198182795207,Recommended,242760,23488841,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Doggo,"This game is absolutely terrifying. The map is huge and fun to explore. The graphics are very nice. The enemies are terrifying, and their AI is programed so well they seem like real people. Although, this game is extremely difficult.  You will struggle to find food, clean water, medicine, and various other things necessary for survival. The building system is easy to use, and you can make buildings completely the way you like. (I feel they should add ladders though). I've played this game for hours and I keep coming back to it.The one thing that I dislike, and also love is that there is no objectives or ‘quests’. There won't be a marker on your screen pointing you in which direction to go and telling you what to do. I often find myself mindlessly wandering around trying to piece the story together. So if you are the kind of person that wants to adventure the way you do in a game like Fallout, where you are guided to your location, this is not for you.PS. Type “Veganmode” in the start menu to disable all enemies.PPS. Type “rawmeatmode” in the start menu for a permanent death gameplay.PPPS. Type “meatmode” in the start menu to bring the game back to normal.Please pardon me, I am no professional reviewer or anything, but I hope this helps guide you to make a purchase.Aslo, WHAT IS BEHIND THAT METAL VAULT DOOR THING?????Update: HOLY ♥♥♥♥ SO THATS WHAT IS BEHIND THE METAL VAULT DOOR THING, loved the ending btw"
,Recommended,242760,10294501,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Dexlexic,"Flares.Stone Axes.Effigies.Never before have I been able to throw a tennis ball so far, or get bum rushed by mutants so gleefully.10/10"
,Recommended,242760,13718101,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,theaaronone,"This game is shaping up nicely, the developer's expertise in visuals and graphics really shine and they listen to their community very carefully, taking criticism in stride. They update on a regular basis and issue hotfixes as needed after each major patch.It is a worthy investment if survival/horror is your thing. The crafting and building is still quite clunky in my opinion, but everything about the game improves as they go along so I trust this studio to tighten it all up in time."
,Recommended,242760,10289269,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Deathcore Fiend,Awesome game and graphicly stunning. It has bugs. but guess what. you can expect that because its in stage 0.0.1. please. if you complain about the slightest bug dont get it. i love it and its unique in so many ways. i can only wait to see whats next!9/10must buy for survival fans
,Recommended,242760,10288818,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,MissinTxtr,I absolutley love this game. There are bug like clipping through things and the axe swinging not having noise after the first. But the world wraps you into it and the physics and movement of the enviroment is amazing. 10/10 i would play it for hours if i wast a ♥♥♥♥♥ when it comes to horror.
,Recommended,242760,17919718,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Vash(88),"The Forest was one of the first survival games to hit the market a couple years back.  It was released as a single player game, but it now has multiplayer as well; however, the multiplayer lacks some of the features that single player holds.  Though, whether playing alone or with friends, it is an over-all fun game that stands alone from the many other survival titles.  That being said, it has been in ea for a long time now, and the devs often add bugs with updates that require more time to then fix.The survival aspect of the game is a little concerning to me.  It can seem daunting at first, but once you get past the first few days and have a solid base built, it is far too easy to stock up on non-perishable foods and beverages.  The fault comes from the fact that loot re-spawns EVERY DAY...  On top of that, hunting is extremely easy and edible berries re spawn along with the loot.  You can just run up to a deer and hack it to death with an ax if you want meat.The wildlife feel like they belong in the forest with you and there is a solid variety that ranges from crocodiles to rabbits, but like I said already, they are way to easy to kill, and the game animals basically offer themselves to you.The combat is fun at first, but it lacks depth.  There are a surprisingly large amount of melee weapons, but all of them are pointless once you have found the katana.  You are able to upgrade the basic weapons in a way that no other game allows, but again, that is all a moot point once the sword has been found.  There are a number of explosives and a few ranged weapons that are powerful tools, but just like the survival aspect, they are far to easy to acquire.The crafting portion of the game is nothing new.  Though, I do like seeing how much of the forest will be cleared while creating a base.  And I can't think of any other game that you can chop up the dead enemies and either eat them, or turn them into human effigies.The strongest parts of the game are the island and the enemies.The island is large and beautiful.  There are a number of places that can be explored that range from snowy mountains to steamy swamps, even smaller islands that you must build a boat to reach.  Once you have geared up and are feeling brave, the caves are dark and spooky places to explore that hold some of the better loot, as well as some creepy mutants that you will rarely find on the surface.  I had more fun exploring with a friend in this game than in any other.  Hands down.  The openness of the island bioms allow for different play styles to be tested before deciding what works best for you.The aspect of the enemies that makes them such a joy to me is the way they respond to you.  They don't offer any innovative attacks or weaponry, but they will often stalk you when on the surface and even run away and get backup before coming back to kill you later that night.  That type of AI is rarely found in games.  I get tired of enemies that attack without any fear of death, charging at you as  if they have nothing to lose.  The sounds they make at night and the design of some of the large mutants will mess with your mind the first time around as well.Over all, its a great game to play single-player or multiplayer.  With some balancing to the difficulty, this game could shape up to a masterpiece.  In the meantime, I will recommend this game do to its unique in-game content and enjoyable game-play, even if it is a tad easy right now.  The modest price  tag is also a bonus!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=455604515"
,Recommended,242760,10373865,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Vanta Black,"To me, there has never been anything as intense or rewarding as THE FOREST. It redifines and brings the 'survival horror' genre back in a big way.You begin by crash landing on what appears to be an island covered by a dense forest. You awaken to a few items around you such as food, beer, an axe and other bits of what some would think of as junk. The thing of it is, from the moment of the planes impact, you are being watched and in some cases hunted. After grabbing all you can carry your best bet is to get as far away from the wreck as possible. Corpses of your former fellow passangers litter the land around you and while you may want to stop and admire the scenery (meaning the beautifully rendered foliage and lighting effects) however you MUST run.Chasing you are a band of CANNIBALS. They are great in numbers but are merely studying you at first. You'll see them peering at you from the hill, or from behind a tree. Sometimes one, two, three or even more. Count your blessings and praise the sun for when the night falls, they will be braver.Quickly you make a small fire, then a small shelter out of the trees you have cut down with your axe along with sticks and rocks you find all around the ground. All the while, you're being watched. Then it starts storming. Your fire needs to stay tended to otherwise it will go out and you will surely freeze.Then the sun starts going down and the forest darkens. You hear screams in the distance and footsteps. There are 'warnings' made with the body parts of the airline's unfortunate passangers appearing all over your campsite that you were sure were not there 15 minutes ago.Again, screaming. But this time, its getting closer. Suddenly, you see a light in the distance!! Could it be a rescue?As the light gets closer you see shapes of scantidly clad beings walking twords you. The light is emmited from a bleached human skull one of them is carrying as they search for your exact location. This time, they are here for blood.....I could tell you more, but where is the fun in that? This game is at this moment PRE-ALPHA. There are bugs, glitches and a host of other game breakers. But it never ceases to be fun and exciting. The price in my opinion is worth everything you get in THE FOREST in its current state. It can only get better from here.This is a game of survival, and fortune does not favor you in THE FOREST. You are the prey.Good luck, and hide well."
76561198214152335,Recommended,242760,18334488,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Coach,"Beautiful game, about two updates a month, and a tense feeling that someone is always behind your back. The Forest is one of the greatest early access games and anyone who enjoys survival games must give this game a go."
,Recommended,242760,23753343,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,down_up #IDLE,+++ :-Best Graphic i like it too realistic-I Love dat Place <3-Perfect survival game ever same like stranded deep-same like Minecraft but is real version xD-always pursued by a strange creature-make me crazy (y)---:...
,Recommended,242760,28843786,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Hey U,Survival crafting game where you fight with cannibals.Do not forget that you have a son Timmy and you must find him.
76561198012457036,Recommended,242760,17905804,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ya Boy Matt,"Great Game my friends and I have played together co-op is amazing along with graphics. We started off with a small tree house and transformed it to a massivse fortress you can build amazing houses with tree bridges and large towers, boats (even though they are being worked on). Still many designs and ways to costomize along with many deadly unique traps and the hack and slash with cannibals. Chopping off heads and lighting them on fire. A quite large map and still growing, many caves (which are the best and make the game 5x harder) my expirence with the cave was exciting and had me scared every corner I turned. I wont even get started what i found down there, Ill leave it up to you. Most of all its still in Alpha which means it has great potential and for 15 bucks thats worth it."
,Recommended,242760,34914685,Posted: 13 September,all,Fairy,"I have to say when I first bought this game I had no clue what I was doing, I looted the plane and then I got attacked by cannibals instantly and died, this happened a few times in a row. I really didn't like this game at first but I gave it a second chance about a year later and I have loved it ever since!First of all the island itself looks very appealing, the game is also rather realistic as there is a feature to stop the trees from growing back once they have been cut down, which I really like. The island is very big and there are many diverse areas to explore, there is also many items, notes and weapons to collect.This game really is a true survival game!→ Gather resources→ Cut down some trees→ Build a shelter→ Build a fire→ Go hunting→ Craft some traps to catch your own food→ Collect berries and medicine→ Craft and upgrade weapons→ Build a base campThe crafting system is very nice in this game, there are so many items to craft!Building is also very fun. There are a lot of things to build; from different types of walls, platforms to tree houses. The player can build anywhere and everywhere on the island, there is also buildable custom markers so you can mark points of interest.The game is very fun in single player but I personally found it rather difficult to go solo into the caves due to how many cannibals were inside!I also didn't have armour or that many decent weapons.(this was my first playthough)Due to the replayability of the game, once you get the hang of the game basics and mechanics, I recommend trying it out in multiplayer; it makes everything so much easier and more enjoyable!10/10"
,Recommended,242760,24434181,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ASoc Schmink,"One of the best survival games that I have played! Super amazing exploration including vast forest and mountains, as well as many huge and intense cave systems. Extremely fun to play with friends and is a must buy!"
76561198079551131,Recommended,242760,29134241,Posted: 8 January,all,SAM.,"I have clocked 110 hours on this game and will probably get past 200 pretty quickly. I have put up public screenshots for anyone to get a visual of some of the things I have done like.......-Build a gazebo-Try to farm rabbits-Whooaaaaa!! That dead cannibal I dropped landed a$$ up on the fire! wtf?-I'm building a big house... with a moon pool-Back verandah-WTF???!!?? More dead cannibals landing a$$ up in the fire!!!    (profile screenshot with cannibal ""presenting"" joke)-I built a group of traps that works quite well-Still trying to farm rabbits...The 3 I caught haven't multiplied yet!-Hmmm, more a$$ up cannibals. (screenshot - Cannibal♥♥♥♥♥so hot that it's on fire! joke)-having LOTS of fun setting cannibals on fire with flaming weapons. :-)))))))))-See flaming cannibals run around. Oh what fun!!!!        (no pic yet)-I'm a modern day designer, carefully picking where I put the skull lights.-WOW! suddenly 6 hours have passed like nothing and I don't care!!!! I want to play mooooooooorrrrrrrrrrre.You could happily play 1000 hours and not have even started the story line.Great game :-))))"
,Recommended,242760,23034773,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Fishy,"There are a lot of better games out there, but this will be one of the best soon. Developers know what they're doing and they're pretty active. Underated Game."
,Recommended,242760,17916388,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Totenkreuz,"This is really an amazingly beautiful game and - especially with some teammates - great and exiting fun to explore, build and survive the huge island you crashed on. For me the best survival game I ever played. Every minute I put in was pure fun."
,Recommended,242760,29671798,Posted: 3 February,all,Fladamax,"I played cracked version of this game alot and i had so much fun in this game. First when i started this game it was so scary and complicated my laptop can bearly run it on minimum settings. But im glad that this game has so many graphic options so i was able to get about 20-30 fps so it was playable.My specs are:Windows 8.1 64-bitIntel Core i7-6500U 2,50 Ghz8GB DDR3 ramAMD Radeon R5 M335 with 4GB video memoryAt first this game was so much fun until you completed the game once on hard.Then there is creative. I tryed it but its so hard to come up with a good build becaus its notvery easy to build nice looking house in this game. Building needs some improvements.I have completed the game on hard mode without building nothing else than a temporary sheltersI bought this game to support developers for making this game. 15€ is not too much for it.I really hope that they dont screw this game up with their updates.So far it has been an awesome game and i cant wait to see the next update.If you are scared of blood and gore dont play it. 10/10 Good job!"
,Recommended,242760,12986645,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Shadow741,"Epic game, literally really nice idea of survival game where you need to search for materials to build structures and traps. Have lots of bugs but seems to be fixed constantly. Definitelly recommened!!!! Love it!"
76561198060597068,Recommended,242760,10335127,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Jay ziouperman <<GR>>,best survival game made ever. i am going to support it anyway i can!!! <3░█▀▀░█░░█░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀█░▀▀█░█░░█░█▀▀░█▀▀░█▀▄░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░ ▀░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀
76561198056390742,Recommended,242760,13194112,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,PyroPatt,game has a hell of a lot more development put into it than Dayz and for only 1/3rd of the price. Has a lot of potential and is pretty fun! you know a game is doing it right when you feel tense right off the bat. I know what I'm gonna start playing heavily after finals!
76561198074254391,Recommended,242760,10339933,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Alex,"-Watched my kid get carried away by a pedophile- Check-Found a weapon- Check-Built a shelter- Check-Almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself trying to run away from a herd of naked men- Check-Fall off cliff trying to run away- Check-Wake up in a cave with what i thought was first sausage but turned out to be bodies- Check-Escape cave while almost having a heart attack because no matter how many lights you turn on in the house, your still panicing not to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ CheckThis game is by far the best survival / horror i have played yet. It well incorporates the survival part with things such as hunger, energy and well death. As for horror.... I will be honest i am squimish when it comes to horror games but this by far made me scream at the top of my lungs when i was being chased by a pale nude man. The graphics are amazing and i have had no problem with starting the game as i have seen some people. The bugs though.... are how I shall say.... suprising for the least. Example: I am walking on the beach and i go to hit a turtle, i am then launched across the map into a tree in which I fall to my death. Also to add to the bugs is the cooking will not work whatsoever, falling through rocks (It is rare), some buildings wont place, cannibals freeze etc. ANYWAYS to sum this game up it is definitely a game to try for everyone even if you are squimish (there is gore). The gameplay and graphics highly outweigh the bugs and flaws as they will be fixed in 12 days from now with some new content being added. I cant wait till they add some new things to try and hopefully to convince you to buy this amazing game!9/10 For the idea and working gameplay alone."
,Recommended,242760,10523472,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dog man,yes
,Recommended,242760,17422635,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Oscar,"I love this game.  It is very fun to play with friends on multiplayer since it's on.However there are still many bugs, but we can't judge the game as it's still inAlpha build. Hopefully the finished game will be amazing and it will have manyplayers as those guys that are working on this game spent lots of time and moneyto make everything work proparly."
,Recommended,242760,17230444,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sam Paddock Hyde,"I went to go scuba around the caves and i noticed that there's a line, so i followed the line and broke the game.10/10 aliens are up to this.EDITJust beat the game, Aliens are not up to this BUT it's a pretty messed up on what happens in the end."
,Recommended,242760,13033015,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Raymond Reddington,"Scary af, spooky, fun, you get to die, build, kill, crash the plane 300x just because and watch them take your child 300x because they like it, I've got to say, a good game."
76561198077459766,Recommended,242760,13174899,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,^6Verticality,The Forest is a promising early access game. While the game is buggy and lacks features  the game is quickly updated. The devs have always been on time and have very quickly realeased patches for the game when there is a critical bug. If you want an open world survival horror I would recomend this. 8/8 M8
,Recommended,242760,20837861,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ops.uralgopnikgrad,Deforestation simulator :D
,Recommended,242760,16352588,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mkilbride,Buy it. It's amazing.
76561198039699761,Recommended,242760,12932716,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Xile,Summary:You beat naked bad guys to death with parts of the previous naked bad guy you beat to death.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10302418,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Sharpcheddar,Nude men jumped on me 10/10 i maybe biased because im gay.
76561198040460321,Recommended,242760,10306381,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Crispy Spooderman попка акула,killed a cannibal and choped its head off an lanched in the air after then spawned in cave. best game 2014 10/10
,Recommended,242760,10312479,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ka†ana Champl☯☯,"Gathered some logs to build me some shelter and everything was at peace until a jungle woman came near me. At first i didn't want to start a fight but she approached closer to me like she want to snack on my flesh, I was like ""heeeell no!! After I setup my dream cabin you wanna make me out of a meal?!"". Suddenly she retreated like she seen me without makeup I was like ""OOOOk, back to work"". About 30 seconds later I see over the horizon about 5-6 people just staring at me and thats when I knew I like was truely ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,242760,10366735,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,[38NC.K] 1st Lt. Carson,"Makes you become a Dendrophiliac..........or is that just paranoia of what lurks around them !?*Cough Cough* Naked chicks tree dancing ;)But.....It has some annoying bugs and glitches at the moment but they are slowly being ironed out, plus im happy with vegan mode now as i could't take anymore jump scares.7/10 (but that may change in time)"
,Recommended,242760,13877433,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,αυst,"Recomendadíssimo, ele esta ainda em fase beta.Tem muitas coisas a serem melhoradas, mas vamos ver o que será daqui pra frente...."
76561198045356772,Recommended,242760,11157130,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Byrdflough,I saw some crazy island-♥♥♥♥♥'s bewbs.I then savagely beat her to death with one of the appendages of her fellow tribesmen/women.10/10 GOTY Would play again
,Recommended,242760,11505151,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Blue,One of the best games this year...
76561198117168347,Recommended,242760,11983362,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Purple_TaterZ,THIS IS ONE AMAZING GAME its bus are no big deal they just make the game more fun
76561198065185296,Recommended,242760,14607670,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Glass Pigeon,The best Early Access I've played. Developers update frequently and with good content. Support this game.
,Recommended,242760,19275580,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Spawnsik,"A very nice survival game with horror and extensive crafting/building. Even though it has been in alpha for quite some time, it receives frequent and transparent updates. The developers seem to interact and listen with the community quite well, which is fairly rare for an early access game.Like all survival games, it has the potential to become tedious after a few hours. I suspect the developers are working to combat this by adding more objectives, like rescuing other survivors.Overall I can recommend this game to anyone who likes the survival-horror genre, building/crafting games, or unique co-op experiences."
,Recommended,242760,11016238,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,[ 違い ] Decaller,"they jump from the tree to another one.I really need traps. see, there is a big tree. I have prepared an axe. cut tree. suddenly, tree fell on me and I fainted.good, even nature against me.10/10"
76561198093083218,Recommended,242760,13266281,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Pilot,"My solo-survival experience:crahsed, kidnapped, escaped, trespassing, beach, ambush, death.I survived 0 days in the forestThis game is absolutely terifying alone, with a phenoomenal soundtrack, however the main reason I invested int his at all was due to the promise of co-op play, and it did not disapoint!My co-op survival experience:crashed, ran, ran, ran, dark, cold, fire, raided, ran, shelter, fortify, survive.Having a friend screaming next to you makes this game infintiely more fun, and yes there are a few bugs but this is still pre alpha (i.e. you don't seem to be able to see each others food/share items, which can be an issue when one of you has gone out hunting and the other has stayed to gather logs) but this game is defintely worth you're time, especially if you're a fan of other survivcal games, such as rust, and the developers are rolling out regular updates."
,Recommended,242760,16787963,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Auggg,"Played with friends, laugh at friend for being afraid of natives, becomes afraid of natives.Tried to build a house, accidentally clicks 'C'.IGN rate 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,13297501,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Tesco Sugar Free Lemonade,Pushing the log sled sent me into the air10/10 Would fly again
76561198075738409,Recommended,242760,15106908,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dylan,"Will You Survive The Onslaught?The Forest, a game about survival.. this game will break you down to your Basic Instincts.. you will find food to survive the day... and a spear to survive the night.. in this game you will decide whether to live or die, its all up to your determination and skill.Good luck, and may you at least survive Day 1 :D"
76561198064637829,Recommended,242760,18856117,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,POWE$I,"Gonna go deep into the forest to find a cure for cancer and aids, also finding stupid little timmy."
,Recommended,242760,11429135,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[TEST] ArrangingStars,"The Forest is intruiging as soon as you find yourself in what's left of the plane. I like the fact a lot of things, location of the crash and items you find are procedurally generated. Most importantly the environment is lush with forest, plant life, and it feels as though it's living. Once you come in contact with the mutants, everything changes. You become more aware of your surroundings, and even paranoid. Fishing, hunting, crafting, logging, farming, building, exploring, surviving. That's what this game is about. My first play through I got captured, only had my lighter (I had no idea how to use my flashlight at the time) and didn't make it out of the cave. I got spotted and killed. My second play through I became more comfortable with crafting and building the structures. I started on a log cabin which needs 82 logs to complete. About halfway through building I was beaten and taken to another cave. This time I used my flashlight and made my way out of the cave, I came to a wooden wall, beat it down with my axe, and the sun beat on my face and shone in my eyes. I didn't recognize where I was. I was devastated. I was fourty two logs into my eighty two log cabin and had no idea how to get back to it. As I searched for my camp I ran across ""previous survivors"" camps. Everyone was dead. At last I made it to my camp on the beach, and finished my log cabin and set a fire inside to keep warm and out of the rain. The last thing I did before retiring for the evening was look around for mutant body pieces to make an effigy. As I was returning to my camp I crouched, seeing three mutants off in the distance building their own effigies next to my camp as a warning. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,242760,13373738,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[AE]Captain CryWank,Like Skyrim but with naked men.10/10
,Recommended,242760,12098050,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,hol up nigga,Good but no D I C K S
76561198196301825,Recommended,242760,19144616,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,HermiTwo,"Aidan, Damien,I Guess you guys are wondering why i have bought you here. Well there is a good explanation for this. I have been attacked by my own words captured at a young age on a review which, lets be honest, was funny as fook. But thats not the point.It has come to my attention that this has been brought up way too often lately (twice or so) in the past month or two. So i have finally decided, while i do not have decent internet and cant carry you nubs on cs, to take time to make things right with this review. As of 15/09/2017, the review will be changed to this piece of art that has been created for laughter purposes, a lot more than the old review hopefully.A wise man once said, ""Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down""Well unfortuntely, I feel the need to give up this review, and let you both down.I Ricken its the best thing for me, to delete this post. (haha get it, Ricken as in Rick Astley... haha ahh you guys get it)Kindest of Regards, the king himself, HermiTwoP.S. Just to make you guys laugh more, i have compiled a few videos whilst bored for the msot comedic response i believe is possible.https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw9WgXcQ"
,Recommended,242760,11233364,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Gahnzoe,I love when im captured as a sex slave in the cave!
,Recommended,242760,10319671,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,y2bcrazy,"The game is brilliant!While the bugs are frequent and the game crashes often (in my case once per hour) it was still a blast to play. I rarely write reviews but this game sure as hell deserves one!The map is simple to navigate and the UI is very intuitive (within seconds i knew what i was doing and how).The game ennemies are very well balanced in a way where they will only be a threat while traveling in a group.This game shows great promise and has already pleased me.I'd write more but honestly, you guys should experience it. This game is indeed a gem."
,Recommended,242760,13793655,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DF.Chaotyҗ,"Crashed in a plane, built a shelter, built a fire, killed two cannibals, ate some poison berries, set myself on fire accidentally, woke up in a cave, climbed a rope out, apparently didn't climb out, fell to my death - Days survived: 110/10 - Would self immolate again."
,Recommended,242760,15498438,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,MoistSquat,"Was building a log cabin when I was attacked by the locals. I thought they would offer to let me borrow their tools when one of them attacked me. With my trusty hatchet I killed him in self defense. Horrified in the terrible act I performed I cut off his head and made a trophy and stuck it in front of my future home. The friend of the man I murdered in self defense saw what I did and tried to claim revenge for what she witnessed. As she ran at me, she in turn ran into the burning effigy and burned to death. Understanding that she was trying to help her deceased friend I placed the trophy of her head next to her buddy. Every time I see them together I smile. I like to think that they're an the after life holding hands and picking flowers, and that they have forgiven me as their death was one of confusion and tragedy."
,Recommended,242760,17143185,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Puddy,"""So what am I meant to do?""*Cannibal jumps out of nowhere*""F*** this I'm done""*Turn around and lobs a pebble*""Have that you freak""*Another 3 show up*""I don't have pebbles for you guys, We can still be friends though, right?*They all start attacking me*""I'M SORRY""10/10 would share rocks with cannibals again"
,Recommended,242760,10297754,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Diabetes Dan,">survive a plane crash only to watch my child being kidnapped by indigenous people>leave crash site in search of area to make a camp>find open area that looks decent>groups of indigenous people seem to walk by it every couple minutes>at one point there are 5 groups of them walking around my camp>i have to leave>watch from a distance as about 15-20 indigenous people stand around the middle of my camp>eventually they leave>go back to camp only to find heads on sticks and shrines build all over my camp>continue building camp>make shelter and sleep in it so I can save the game>it doesnt save>everytime I sleep in it, it stays night time>indigenous people decide they want to spawn back at my camp>they beat my♥♥♥♥♥>wake up in a cave>look around dark cave with only a lighter for 10 minutes trying to fiugure out where the exit is>find flare gun>doesnt make light because lolbugged>find regular flares>dont work either>find exit eventually>walk through exit>about halfway through fall through floor>fall out of map>YOU HAVE SURVIED 1 DAY DUN DUN DUN10/10 GOTYAY"
76561198064943750,Recommended,242760,18477804,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Cog,Fun with the family
,Recommended,242760,13952747,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Meepo,literally better than minecraft
,Recommended,242760,20368654,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,machstem™,"If you enjoyed Minecraft, want to play ARK but it kills your computer, and like the idea of a well tuned survival experience?Buy this game.  The AI is fairly impressive (albeit not perfect) and the audio alone is incredibly immersive.Enjoy the game, I know I do."
,Recommended,242760,11297059,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Alex Terrible,dis is scary♥♥♥♥♥♥999999999999/illuminati
76561198073069132,Recommended,242760,21218732,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,KushWizard69,"The forest its a really interesting first person horror survival with excellent graphics, ambient, theme and mostly environment, it feels so unique and wonderful the place itself, you eventually feel like you are inside of the island1. You start off on a plane with your son, and you crash land on a suspicious island fulled with life and other creppy creatures. The first couple of hours you will be terrified tryng to hide from the cannibals and trying to find a safe spot to bulid camp.2. Bulding. For an early access game it comes will alot of stuff to bulid with. You want to start buliding a little house and walls to keep yourself safe. Also you can bulid rain collectors to drink and set up traps to kill rabbits lizards.Pros-The way the open world is-All the types of cannibals from normal looking to down right the creepiest most ugly thing i've seen.-All the bulding and customizable options for your character and your house.-You can buld traps to kill the cannibals and for a source of food.-When you get captured by the cannibals and you have to escape their turf avoiding them being stealthy, it give you that tingling felling in your balls you know.-Each time you start a new game everything can change, the plane doesn't crash in the same spot and the cannibals can attack you right off the start.Cons-The cannibals AI can sometimes be really bad to the point I stop playing for a while.-Also when you make a house I don't know if it's my game but the door laggs and it won't open or I get stuck in it.But those are the only cons I have with the game. So I give this game a 10/10 does a 10 mean it's great no there are bugs that will make you mad. Sould you buy this game? HELL YES buy the game now. It can only get better and better :]"
76561198258220533,Recommended,242760,21725945,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Stealthy Leaf,Great gamePROSimmersive worldamazing grapics (even at ultra low)Great crafting systemeasy to grasp controlsScary enemiesCo-opCONSthe bigger the building the smaller the frame rateSaving is complicatedThey will find your fire no matter what you doit dosent rain enough for you to use the mater catcherOverall its a brilliant game strong story and great gameplaycould be a bit more optimized and a few tweaks (I know I know its still in early access)But for being in early access its a great game worth the 15$ soild 9/10
,Recommended,242760,29199142,Posted: 12 January,all,Tylt,All I can say is thank god the people on my flight smuggled Alcohol and Drugs through Customs!11/01
,Recommended,242760,14523536,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Tainted Sock,"Made a coop game because I'm into that kinda thing.Went in the game, picked up some sticks, killed some trees, the usual.Made a log sled, accidently triggered unlimited logs since objects placed by other players evidently don't register to each other's games.OH♥♥♥♥♥♥Built a kingdom of log cabins and wooden baracades, attracted a harem of natives. They all want the D.To eat.Oh. N-no thanks.Grab log sled so natives can't build a kingdom themselves to rival my own. Log sled becomes a reverse ejector seat and propels me 50 feet under the ground at 20MPH10/10"
,Recommended,242760,10287738,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,JigglyRitz,"It is a bit buggy at the moment, but after a few weeks, I imagine that most of the big bugs will be squashed. The game is beautiful, and the ai is damn cool. The mutants at the beginning seem to keep their distance from you, but that will probably change later in the game."
,Recommended,242760,10340366,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Frostytsb,Chopped off a cannibals head and then used it to chop down a tree 10/10 wood chop again
,Recommended,242760,10288681,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Wyght,"Its an alpha and that currently shows quite prominently thus far. However, disregarding its current development status I was pleasantly surprised to see the game still holds its own.Its fun, really fun for the first few minutes before you're taken by storm from the islands inhabitants. You're gathering firewood, collecting game to roast on an open fire and building a shelter for the night. Well sonny you aint spending the night in that tent if this is the first time you're playing.While I was constructing my necessities I saw in the distant way a patrol of these cannibals I have never encountered, because of watching certain videos on youtube about this game I knew stealth was an option so I crouched down and watched them go by. My heart was racing, my hands were shaking and I was finding myself still crouching as I continued on my merry way. Before long I saw another cannibal, I had already encountered this one as I remembered the destinct construct on its back. I had come to realise this was the tribe leader, as soon as I faced it, he ran away and climbed a tree.Not a few more seconds after that, a female of the tribe steadily approached me uncaring to the axe I was weilding. Mate her♥♥♥♥♥♥were proper nice, voluptuous and shapely and them nipples on her were perfectly placed. I slowly walked to her before she lunged back, thinking back I swear I saw her almost uncovered minge. While taking a second to recover from my sudden shock, she also recovered of her own and took long strides with her long, curvy legs. Jumping at me she prepared her hands for the grab. Time went by slowly as I felt her delicious, mangled mouth comming on to my arm. For a moment we were connected, but she was in me with her long, hard teeth. Then my bloodfilled meat was in her willing, hungry mouth.After this painful exchange my character feld dizzy and went for a bloody nap like the♥♥♥♥♥♥he is.But yeah the games pretty buggy, expect to fall through the ground or suddenly die for no good reason. 8/8 though."
,Recommended,242760,30090278,Posted: 21 February,all,Thunderstar,"Great game, amazing narrative, great mechanics, and every day brings a new challenge to you to face. Love this game!"
76561198000873060,Recommended,242760,11631445,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Draygen,"I built a small fire and shelter. I was cooking some yummy lizard when I got knocked over the head and dragged to a cave. I tried sneaking out, but a guy with a torch lit me on fire. Hard to sneak out when you're on fire.11/10 Would recommend"
,Recommended,242760,23148251,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,ϯDarkAssassinϯ,"Best survival,horror game i have ever played i really enjoy this game with my friends09/10 cause of some bugs :)"
76561198196728805,Recommended,242760,19860520,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Swan,Everyone should try it out.
,Recommended,242760,13571535,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,HellaHezz,Log launching simulator 201410/10
,Recommended,242760,12604678,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Syk0tik,"I've been playing this since v0.01 and i have to say that I love the improvements to the game. There was a few annoying bugs that i've had to deal with, but nothing major. I'm very satisfied with this game! I hope that it will go beyond Alpha. This is a very promising game. I just wish there was more to do in the game. Is there a story behind it... besides being in a plane crash? Where did the little boy go? Did the monsters kill him? That's what I'm left wondering the whole time. I see there are extra tabs on the Book Menu. Will those soon be released as well? :-) This game is great, also i love that there is ""The Calm Forest"" option. My kids play this as well, so it makes it easy for them to play without getting slaughtered by those .....cannibals! <3 <3 Keep up the great work!!"
76561198081722351,Recommended,242760,13653216,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Charizard,Stepped on a raft and teleported to the sky.7/7 Naked Cannibals
,Recommended,242760,12647734,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Intelligence,"I can't recommend this game enough. If you're a fan of survival games such as Unturned and Minecraft, the chances are you'll really enjoy this game. I've so far only managed to set up a small campfire, a rabbit trap and a place to sleep and save my game. Wandering off generally leads to me being assaulted by mutants and dragged off to a cave. The Forest also features frequent updates which have a countdown in the main menu of the game, which seems to be a minimum of an update every 2 weeks. There's also talk of adding co-op to the game which I'm extremely excited for.While I think the game is great, I really can't recommend buying it unless you've got a great gaming PC as it's not very optimized at this stage in development."
,Not Recommended,242760,31761406,Posted: 14 May,all,Lucky13,"I want to recommend this game but with it being three years after release and the game still in it's early access alpha state I simply cannot. Every time I go back to the game I want more and I feel like it should be further along than it is. There are constant additions and tweeks being made still but the game is still very unpolished.(Edit) I wanted to add one big thing that was game breaking for me. I spend 20+ hours over a couple weeks building up a beautiful fortified position on top of a snowy mountain only to have a patch break it and cause all of my structures to be floating in the air. This is something I moved on from to another location but yet again the next patch did the same exact thing to my new encampment (End Edit)One thing that I'm not a big fan of is the feeling of grinding while playing the game. I really like having to build up your own camp but the pace at which you do is so slow and monotonous. I don't want to be able to have a castle with traps within a few in game days of starting playing but with how long it takes to establish yourself in an area it makes moving around, something which should be fun, more of a chore.In conclusion I most definitely would have recommended this to people were this over a year ago but at this point there are much better games out in the genre that are not only more complete but quite frankly more fun. If you can get this on sale by all means have some fun with it but anything other than that your time is best spent elsewhere. I hope it gets out of early access but at this point things aren't looking too promising.I have removed the section of my review where I pointed out everything I found that was still glitched and bugged with the game. I was at 8/9 helpful votes but apparently when I added the second part it made the review too long. You can google that kind of thing anyway. Hope this helps!"
76561198038225674,Not Recommended,242760,33984278,Posted: 2 August,all,[PRKL] HappySeamen,"The overall concept of the game is good but I find it really hard to recommend this game. Crafting is fun and intuitive and offers lots of different options for basebuilding etc. The combat is pretty basic  and not very exiting but it's passable as the focus is in the crafting and exploring.The story is pretty dissapointing and really predictable if you've played any horror/thriller games in your life and I was hoping more. The game wants you to be emotionally connected to your child simply for the sake of him being your child and thats just lazy in my opinion. But a compelling story is hard to write so I understand it's hard for a small developer.The biggest problem for me in the game and something thats just not acceptable fo me is the crashing and the bugs. I've tried to finish the game so many times now and have failed due to game crashing bugs. Ive clipped through floors and walls, I've died from falls that normally wouldn't do any damage and I've had my saves deleted and many others. For a game that has been in early-acces for 3 goddamn years, I expected a lot more. I appreciate that the devs are adding more stuff in through patches, but could they first fix their game before adding i.e ACHIEVEMENTS in to the game.I want to like the game, and in some ways I do, but I cant recommend it until they fix these gamebraking issues."
,Recommended,242760,13769973,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dastardly Pudding,"Caught by naked cannibals, taken to their cave and had to fight off mutant foetuses with a stick....10/10"
,Recommended,242760,11392160,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,mewtwo,"Got an Axe. Killed things, 'died' from a 2ft fall. Woke up in a cave, escaped, killed more things, died falling off of another rock.20/10 Would play again"
,Recommended,242760,10308572,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,carbonfibah,This game looks great. It's pretty scary/creepy for sure. Gameplay seems pretty smooth aside from aa few bugs. I'm interested in playing more of this.
76561198103515540,Recommended,242760,13064516,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,FriendlyRaider,"This game is so fun! I have my positives and negatives about the game and I'll talk about the positive first. I like the way the game looks and the way it plays out is great. What I mean by that is I really like the AI for the Natives. It really gives me the idea that they are other players. There are times when they confuse the hell out of me by traveling to my camp in a group of 7 and then suddenly they're ganging up on one of their followers. I like the effigy's and how they actually stop and stare at it before they continue and sometimes they'll even turn around and leave. Crafting is simple and easy and as well as base building. There isn't anything in the survival booklet that is just a upgrade from the one above it, the Camp Fire cooks food and is reusable and the Bon Fire is just a light that can be seen from a great distance. The animal AI is kind of confusing right now, when ever I get within 5 yards of a Rabbit it begins running back and forth. It runs VERY well it's optimized extrmely well and I don't even have a great PC and I still run really well. I could go on and on of the things that were done so well but I'll stop there. Now for the negatives.Firstly, the Bow, it is very weak against Natives and I was so happy when hearing it was going to be introduced and now its worse than the club. I do like how 1 stick and 5 feathers get 4 arrows though. One time I had 8 sticks and I was trying to find feathers and it turned out I had 43 feathers the whole time :P. Also, I really want to see a actual firearm. I do really like the survival feel to this game but if it's done correctly to match the theme they could make it so that they can spawn a handgun or hunting rifle and make it make since on how it may have got there. I also don't like how they show that Cannibal take the child in the introduction sequence. It doesn't add to the story (not that there is one) and it makes people who were playing for the first time think that immediently they're gonna chase after the child, well at least thats what I thought.I know this game is in early access and I do not expect my opinion to apeal to anyone else, but I'd really like for the developers to take thought into what I said. Thank you for reading if you actually read the whole thing. I would deffiently recommend this game to everyone. Personal Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,242760,13735542,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,♫PillowNBolster♫,"I woke up covered in blood, grabbed a FREE phone! Ate some snacks and plucked an AXE from the stewardess. Walked out of the wreck... to find a totally nude female in a prowling tiger stance ready to jump on me ;). I got... rekt.."
76561198068471374,Recommended,242760,10295964,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Louis,"Crashed a plane, scary naked people stole my kid, I threw a tennis ball at em, 10/10"
76561198010636539,Recommended,242760,10343921,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,GreenWolfie,Beat a women to death with a leg11/10 would do it again.
,Recommended,242760,10419033,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Fuzzysalsa,"Great Game. Needs Some Work Though because there are a lot of bugs currently, but it is so fun to play. Very scary aswell."
,Recommended,242760,12624645,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,KevinFromHeaven,"This is a solid game, I think the horror aspect is lacking a little bit in this current version of the game, however, the crafting, the open world, the gameplay and controls of the game outshine, not to mention it's still in an early alpha at the time of writing this review. It's great and it's worth the money to support of the dev team. I can't wait until this game is finished, it looks like it will boast a lot of fun crafting, and play time."
76561198038688626,Recommended,242760,10292807,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,xoshaow3,"Survive The Forest, not words taken lightly around here, this alpha, buggy of all sorts is absolutely amazing for what's in it, in the time it was made, for such a small team. The scenery is beautiful, the water (were visible and not floaty) is beautiful, the sunset, nonetheless is beautiful. After spawning in the world and being given control you spawn In one of at least 20 different spawn points iv seen myself, with some random generation on the world (like a very special pond I like to survive by), your thrown into this huge world where you ask yourself, scavenge supplies, or haul into the forest? The choice is yours but tread carefully either way as the mutants, heavily overpowered, will stalk and kill you, if your lucky one will spawn. If not... well your looking at 2-16 enemies that can easily kill you in seconds just alone. This game is survival for the most hardcore survivalists alive, and they do a great job at making your time and life a miserable thing. I definitely look forward to more of this game in the near future updates, give a round of applause to end night, this one could go gold if they play their cards (and bug fixes) right."
,Recommended,242760,11992430,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Coldhand,"First impressions after 2 hours of gameplay:I've purchased this game because after reading some of the reviews and discussions threads then I said ♥♥♥♥ it lets get this game, and I didn't regret it so far, the game looks gorgeous, the lighting effects and the textures are quite nice, the animations needs alot of improvements though, the gameplay seems okay, +1 for the inventory and the crafting catalogue, those were really good and unique, the canibals/mutants or whatever they are needs alot of improvement, and what's their point? are the curious? hungry? do they want to make contact? I hope their AI gets implemented with alot more of details, it would be nice also to have other variety of animals rather then just rabits and birds, as well as weapons, not actual weapons, just bows or something similar.Coop would be perfect as well."
,Recommended,242760,10319252,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ugly Rat who just doesnt know,"This game has changed my life, for the worse. First of all these ♥♥♥♥ing indians keep attacking me! I tried to reason with them by offering them the limbs of some corpes i found, sadly they didnt accept my peace offering and murdured me even after i called the cannible police. Then after i died i woke in this wierd♥♥♥♥♥cave with no walls, i somehow found a flare gun with unlimted ammo! i procced to die. Then i tried agian after respoon and found that this ♥♥♥♥ing bird kept harassing me by flying on my invisble hand, shaking its♥♥♥♥♥at me then flying away only to come back seconds later and repeat this strange act over and over and over agian. And at one point i tried to kill a bunny and as soon as i do a bunch of vodoo indian wizards wearing nothing but feathers over there genitals attaked me for attacking nature or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would be attaked by indians agian."
,Recommended,242760,16028197,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,S1rk3L,Good game
,Recommended,242760,10301296,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Clay.,"Spent an hour building a house. Went to wash off blood, was greeted by some locals. They beat me, kidnapped me, brought me into a cave filled with mutilated people and killed me. 10/10."
,Recommended,242760,10309145,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mandalore,"What can I say about this game, other than it's a gem in the making. Firstly, to begin, the game has a lot of features already, and it's still in the first version of alpha. Yes, I know, there are A LOT of bugs and glitches, but that;s why they warn you. The atmosphere of the game is horrifying. If you start playing the game without watching any trailers to it (which of course you have seen every trailer by now), then you won't know what to expect. Your plane crashes, and the cannibals are hunting you from the gitgo. If you don't pull it together in time, they will get you, and they will kill you. The AI in The Forest is pretty advanced for just an alpha game. If they see you in a location building, and you attack one of them and/or kill one of them, they will leave for about 2 days, and you'll be thinking to yourself, ""Hey, I think they get the message to ♥♥♥♥ off."" And then they come back with an army when you least expect it."
,Recommended,242760,10390061,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,TPI | The Axeman,I batted an enemy to death with his friends leg11/10
,Recommended,242760,13897934,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Stefle,Woke up from a plane crash to find out my son has been taken by a naked cannibal. Went to the beach and finally built a shelter. As days gone by I gathered supplies and made a friend turtle. I named the turtle Billy. Billy and I went on many adventures together and he loved to go swimming. Billy became such a great friend I almost forgot about the naked people who took my son.10/10
76561197997416991,Recommended,242760,10355600,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Evelyn,"For an alpha game cobbled together by 4 people, I couldn't be more impressed. This game looks set to be a big hit, and potentially knock the socks poff the big gaming companies. I hope that it continues on its path as I am already loving it. It looks great, it is clever, it has plenty of content to keep you occupied, and it is actually hard!As for the alpha part, yes, it has bugs    :O      , no, it is not unplayable by any means. Yes, people are doing their usual, spoilt brat, butthurt whining about anything and everything. Ignore it. Get this game!"
,Recommended,242760,11066599,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Comrade Drago,I Landed at night had the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of everyday and love buliding its awsome would buy for 15 is worth it.
,Recommended,242760,10293373,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kritik,"This game is absolutely phenominal! The graphics are quite impressive for an Alpha stage game and system for crafting is something that would be utilized in the real world in such a scenario (besides the killer tribal clans, even though that is true too). Look out Bear Grills, you got a bit of competition from a video game XDDefinitely worth buying and playing with headphones."
,Recommended,242760,21864770,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Ascaloth,"This is my first survival AND horror game (well, that old Alone in the Dark from the 90's doesn't count, right?)... and i loved it!Graphics and animations are brilliant. Sound is great and really captures the feeling of being alone in a forest, it even makes you a bit paranoid after some time...The tribesman are scary as heck, for some reason i think they are even more scarier than the mutants, maybe because they are super fast and have the bad habit of showing up in very unexpected moments making horrible noises and staring at you. Also their behavior and AI is excellent and very unpredictable.While single player can be a bit tense, co-op is more relaxing and fun. Specially when you or your friend get scared and scream!Great game. Recommended."
,Recommended,242760,10389482,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Rebel Rusky,I can kill 2 segull with one stone. 10/10
76561198126176564,Recommended,242760,10701687,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Brian's D,"This is a great survival game, even though that it is still in alpha, this game show's great potential and will continue to develope alot more, if you havent gotten a copy i suggest you do whilst it is still pretty cheap. :D"
,Recommended,242760,10299960,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Obelisk,"Even though Alpha v0.01, still gave me a heart attack. If there is anything worse than a regular horror game, it is a freeroam horror game. This game has very many bugs and glitches, but at its current state, its still a really good game. Lots and lots of potential."
,Recommended,242760,10291599,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Hadrimole,I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself 10/10
,Recommended,242760,10488378,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[TA-O] Jerseyetr,"This game has a lot of promise. I can see the direction it can go and hopefully will go.[/b]As for the current product:The game remains unplayable for me. I cannot seem to last more than one night alive. The enemies are too erratic and there is no real way to ward them off. Sometimes they sit there watching you just as if you were a test subject in their fantasy world. Sometimes they see you and freak the hell out that you are in their territory or maybe just because you exist, and begin to bum rush you from every angle. When this happens, just surrender you are going to lose unless it is 1 VS 2. Then, you may have a chance.Pros:Great graphicsVery fun to kill animalsPretty cool constructions, and trapsEasy to just pick up and play with the use of the survival bookCons:Enemies are too erraticItems bug outCertain areas of the map are just scenery and not actual map (eg. falling through hills and mountains into water)Can't pause the gameMotion blur is too intense even with it turned off. It makes me feel sick playing on a 70 inch.The caves are a bit too dark to see even with a lighterThe cave's walls often disappearBottom line:[/b]Great game so farHas serious potentialCurrently has serious bugs (Still in Alpha so understandable)If you can handle having lots of issues and bugs and want to be essentially a play tester and help in the development of the game, play now.If not, wait until some stuff gets ironed out."
76561198044049573,Recommended,242760,16393861,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dropkick,"I made a huge mistake.....Barely making it out of a plane crash, got a good sturdy axe and some random items, I run out to find a good spot for a camp, and come close to a cave, with two cannibals standing outside, and my first thought was ""Day one, 2 min into the game, I have an axe, they got nothing.... KILL KILL KILL"".... And well, I really must compliment the AI in this game, they are alot smarter than the usual game enemy, so here is how it went: I walk up to the first to test its reaction to me, and it screams at me, meanwhile Cannibal 2 runs off, and I think ""cowardly little git""... Well, feeling confident, I run towards cannibal one swinging my axe wildly while screaming something about his mothers size, and the bugger runs like hell, but now, cannibal two, who I thought fled, had surrounded me and was hitting me from behind ripping me apart rather quickly... They didnt even bother dragging me back to their cave, just outright killed me.Well, restarted the game and decided that the hide and seek approach was much better, is at day 7 now, and have a small well defended camp with 15+ traps around, and now, let me tell you something more about the enemy AI in this game, I was sure that i could just make enough traps to be safe, but first time I had a cannibal chasing me and ran behind a trap, thinking that he would run into it, I was dissapointed to see that he stopped 2 meters in front of the trap, looked around it a bit, and ran around it instead, I might have yelled at him at that point... Later on one cannibal ran quiclky through my camp, set off 4 traps by kicking them or whatnot, and proceeded to chase me...This game is not for the easily scared, the cannnibals and mutants are creepy like hell and will surprise you again and again, but in the way that you want to play more, want to see how you can fool them, NEED to have some sort of revenge (**COUGH COUGH** molotov coctail **COUGH COUGH**)Most annoying thing early on was actually finding a turtle shell, I just couldnt find a cannibal free beach, but apart from that, staying warm, hydrated and fed will be main issues, as those will affect your performance in a fight (slower axe swing and low stamina for runnung away, and trust me, you will need to run more than once )Still a few ingame bugs, but nothing that prevents you from playing the game, the ones ive discovered are:1) Still some rocks/cliffs that you will fall through.2) Made a treehouse, and the tree animation went away, so now its an airhouse basically.3) At one point I shot a deer with 6 arrows and it ran off, not sure if they are mutants too?? lol.But all in all, awesome game, would recommend!Oh, and piece of advice, save your game alot, you never know when you will be ripped apart next ;)"
,Recommended,242760,10363211,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Laigerick,Built an impenetrable wall of standing fires in the middle of a cannibal camp and watched as they burnt themselves to death.10/10 GOTY
76561197963889032,Recommended,242760,10327173,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,General_Kaos,"Bags of Potential, Beautiful scenery, and jump scares galore. It has a very 'alpha' feel about it, but if you're fine with a few bugs and glitches, theres a great core game waiting to be explored. Watch my 'Lets Play' of the first 15 minutes here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw7YYxIXvLM"
76561198063367834,Recommended,242760,11199617,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,[VET] Mercury,Check out my objective review.. spoiler free.. an honest take of a great betahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04n9k9q4mlk
,Recommended,242760,13200085,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MrFulanito,the only game where you can carry 2 giants tree logs in one arm and swim at the same time without breaking it. Awesome :D10/10
76561197989917752,Recommended,242760,13010741,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,AoD.BlokyDrift,"Great Game 8/10Amazing GraphicsCool Ideait should have atleast a co-op modand fouces on the story pleaseso keep up the good workanyone who is intresting in buying this game, its a good choice and good price."
76561198046778729,Recommended,242760,29951536,Posted: 15 February,all,Anime Is For Faggots,Never had more fun beating Natives to death with an axe till now. Makes me feel like I'm back in the 1700's.
,Recommended,242760,11599143,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Jacob,Mama mia that's a spicy meme.
76561198040156200,Recommended,242760,11004324,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,╬OKW╬ ZxRecon,"Very promising game, get it now while you can. Can't wait for full release."
,Recommended,242760,10342296,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Krevfetis,Struggled to build hunting shelter while avoiding waves of cannibal scouting parties. Speared fish in a small pool of water while avoiding waves of cannibal scouting parties. Found a wrecked yacht and looted it while avoiding waves of cannibal scouting parties. Saw a sea turtle and killed it with an axe while avoiding cannibal scouting parties.Bottom line:Got to kill a sea turtle.11/10
,Recommended,242760,10300709,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Shmokolete - See you all soon.,"Holy Crap this game. Indescribable amounts of drool worthy toungue-flapping genious. From the moment you step off the plane until the moment you are being surrounded by abnormal humanoid-ish creatures ready to eat your flesh; a part of you, deep inside, is awakened. The Survivor in you. The fighter. The parent and protector.I could recommend this game all day and all night long. But it won't do it justice. I had a fear that all the hype was untrustworthy. But my God, get it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,242760,10302143,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ima_ethan,"For a first release of an early access game this is brilliant. Yes, there are bugs (as to be expected) but it doesn't take away from the fun. You can tell a lot of hard work has went into this game, the environments look amazing. The gameplay is fun and challenging. Well worth a purchase."
,Recommended,242760,10361613,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Dr. Bhatnagar,"Chopped up some cannibals, all the sudden blackout. Captured by cannibals. Killed myself by an accidental moltov right on my body. 10/10"
76561198074852573,Recommended,242760,10467110,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Ghost,"Great game, very intense at some points, but they do need to change somthings there are alot of small/large bugs in the game becuase it is a Alpha, but other than the bugs, the game is great once more things start being added into the game, i would recommend it to anybody that injoys building bases or horror games. i rate this a 4/5 so far."
,Recommended,242760,11690851,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Bobby Jupiter,"Awesome survival game. Basic construction in the forms of walls, small structures, campfires, traps, and storage. Engaging combat with the enemies, and the NPC behavior is fun, as they don't always act the same. Random map generation ensures a fresh experience when you start anew!This is still an early-release game. Definitely looking forward to seeing what the full release will have in store for us!"
,Recommended,242760,10390615,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mr.Butts,"A bit buggy, but it's still in beta so that's good. Can't wait for v0.02a! All in all I highly recommend this game! 9.2/10Although they could add in a few more weapons...."
,Recommended,242760,10311992,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Tyrael,"This game has huge potential.  As long as the devs keep up with this quality and perhaps add a low player count multiplayer and co op this can easily be the defining open world survival games.Plenty of bugs at the moment.  Make sure you read up about it before you buy.  But trust me, if your a fan of the genre this is A MUST HAVE!!"
76561198123625489,Recommended,242760,10358523,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Cheif☺,"loved it so far. amazing coming from a group of 4, still needs work."
,Recommended,242760,10421983,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Pool's Closed,minecraft meets outlast meets woodcutter simulator 201311/10
76561198091789545,Recommended,242760,11942885,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ZestyLemon,"This is a brilliant game. It has kept me entertained for hours with the scenery and realistic survival mechanics. This is a must buy for anyone into anything remotly like DayZ or Minecraft. It might not be like either on its own, but creates its own style of gaming like nothing I have ever seen. In my opinion, buy it, even if just to check it out and support the Dev."
,Recommended,242760,11508345,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Big Laugh,>be me>be in plane with boy in arms>plane crashes>boy dies>cannibal comes and takes him away before my eyes>get out of plane>creature crawling around in the trees>it sees me>comes up to me>i kill it right then and there>its a girl>a NAKED girl>stared at uncensored boobs for five minutes0/5 she had no♥♥♥♥
76561198129866336,Recommended,242760,10393963,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,SilentStump,Rainbows come out after it rains! 10/10
76561198123556033,Recommended,242760,10413240,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Purple,"absolutely stunning!! the graphics are outstanding and the gameplay is unbelieveable ^.^ i recommend buying it if you love adventure,crafting,hunting, and building!! think of it as what minecraft should be !!"
,Recommended,242760,13527335,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,iPak,"Выживал, работал, пытался не умереть.Реши пойти в пещеру...Упал в бездну...И тут я решил в первые сам умереть...Но, нет...Если захочешь сам умереть, не получиться.10/10"
76561198141245123,Recommended,242760,12794901,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SpuD,it is an amazing game
,Recommended,242760,10324481,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Negroid,Very glitchy on early access so im putting this away until its had a a few more updates.That being said I find it amazing that only 4 devs (coding geniuses) are working on this already spectacularly beautful game!So much potential for this guys so my advice is to buy now because you may be saving money and then just wait until its become stable
,Recommended,242760,10334217,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Human Music,I opened a suitcase on a rock and I flew 100 feet in the air. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,10293817,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ARes,Sweet game
,Recommended,242760,10294545,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,SgtChico,"My first day was excellent. I looted everything from the plane crash, and grinned. My son had been taken from me, and it was time to get revenge. I jumped outside the plane, and began drinking the booze I had collected. I suddenly have an urge to bash open suitcases. Disregarding all personal items, I grab all the chocolate bars that appear in each suitcase. ""Mmm, candy."" I say as I shove them all into my mouth, without unwrapping any. I open my survival guide, I knew this would happen. Glad I prepared with it. I read how to create a fire, and shelter. Then I read about the berries. I smile, turning to my right. Some berries. I look at them, and they all disappear with a click of a button. I cannot wait to dine upon more of these berries. I turn my head, and without having even gone ten feet from the crash, am rushed by three people, each naked. It would appear they are all missing genitals, which was the truly horrific part. I soon slaughtered them all, and began looking into the air, asking god for support on my journey. One of them gets up, and snaps my neck, and I fall to the floor, dead."
,Recommended,242760,10294746,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,the corn god,"(WARNING THIS IS IN ALPHA) I awoke from the plane crash only to see my son being taken away from me by a mutant. I awoke again moments later and scavenged whatever i could get from the plane, and i set off reminding my self of my past life, which i only survived 1 day. My stupid self set up camp next to the plane, only to realize that the mutants come from a cave not far from the camp. i got rekd. Anyways, i set off far away from that damn plane trying to build a fire and a little shelter i found a perfect spot near the beach, i slept. I awoke at dawn and saw a patrol of 3 mutants searching for survivors, i guess no place is safe after all. I quickly crouched in the grass. Watching from a distance i saw that they have put up some sort of pole with a skull and a bottle above it, maybe to catch rain? I was right, lightning flashed and they all scattered back in the cave. I felt relieved and now knew that they were frightened by the rain as if the rain was some sort of safe haven for me to scavenge around and get some supplies. It was getting dark, i slept and awoke at dawn once again only to wake up to a horrifying shriek from a female mutant, she ran away as i knew she was going for backup i quickly ran away from camp into the woods only to restart once again.The game is really good even with the little stuff it has in it at the moment, the graphics are splendid and the animations are well done. There are ALOT of bugs with the game but that doesn't stop it from being good, and it will only get better. Snag it right now for $15 it is well worth it.(Bugs)- MAJOR fps drops while cutting trees.- mutants will not die? (Maybe i suck)- Animations while cutting trees is clunky and does not respond at times while chopping at it.- Birds floating on top of rocks.- Mutants one hit me. (like i said i suck)- Garden did nothing at all.- When cutting down small trees the branches take a while to respond to me pressing ""E"" to pick it up.- When i have no more room in my inventory it says ""No more raw fish"" even though i have no fish.- My shadow has no headAnd there's more but they will get patched and it is in alpha."
,Recommended,242760,10477417,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Warden Ⅱ,"Whacked a Cannibal with an axe 20 times, does nothing, he punches me once, I die.  Walking on the beach, suitcases start popping out of the ground.  11/10"
,Recommended,242760,10503086,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Buzzcut,"Spawned. Saw my son get taken. Got killed 10 minutes later. Spawned in a cave, killed. Restarted. Learned more. Died more. Wash. Rinsed. Repeated. Building fortresses, slaying my enemies with the limbs of their deceased tribe members, shoving heads on pikes. Building fires, killed and cooked lizards, rabits, and fish.Then I got home, got on the computer and booted up the game, only to experience all of that virtually.Would for sure recommend :D"
,Recommended,242760,10293534,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,JTF207 | GorgeFodder,"Great potential, but buggy as heck, and lack of community engagement.So i've played around a while now, and I've already had two heart stoppingly tense moments as I dodged cannibals and hid in the bush, I constantly found myself saying ""Please I hope they havent spotted me!"" and for 5 minutes I sat there immobile, not even moving my mouse as they skulked past. I can't wait till this game is finished, it's going to be incredible.However, it is ridiculously full of bugs, and I mean the sort of bugs that are easily spottable in any kind of testing environment, I keep falling through the floor and dying, inventory glitches out, CTDs, this game is well deserving of its Alpha 0.1 version info.What's really disconcerting at this moment is that theres no community forum that the company have made and no way to submit bug reports at this time, this I think for a game in development will be critical!"
,Recommended,242760,10522636,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Herbeh,Has turtles10/10
,Recommended,242760,10396341,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Silly THICC,Hit a rock with my axe and flew into the air and died.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10618607,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Owlby,10/10 did♥♥♥♥♥♥pants
76561198032313625,Recommended,242760,12995325,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,BeeOne1,"This is hands down the best survival game I have ever played. Hour after hour I have spent chopping wood, hunting rabits, spearing fish, and collecting mushrooms have immersed me in a world I could believe existed and has required me to push my creativity and quick thinking to the limit.I am NOT a fan of horror games, but whether or not you go into peaceful mode or not, you cannot shake the idea that you are being watched. However, that feeling goes away as you build yourself a cabin, then some walls, and a farm, some standing fires, meat racks etc, and soon well armed with my arsenal of arrows and traps I was ready to take them on.I had always adopted a live and let live aproach to surviving with these cannibals. Until they aproached my fortress, at which points all bets were off.I caught my first cannibal that evening, he hung there until I put him out of his misery with my axe. It was a thrill, The cannibals stayed out of my way but I was dying for them to come and feel my wrath. I had my getaway raft down the cliff if things went downhill. Unaware that my girlfriend had been trying to reach me for the preceding hours my phone drew me away from my new reality.Tommorow, I shall face my fears, tommorow, I shall rule the Island. Tommorow, they shall now fear me. I am the hunter, I am the builder, I am the survivor, I am the Forest"
,Recommended,242760,10734229,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,empflamesvsflames,"Seems like a great game, insane potential once it leaves Alpha."
,Recommended,242760,10288229,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,SpookieSkeleton,"As a Alpha I give this game slack for glitches because yes every alpha is not finished, but this game goes above and beyond; Awesome tree physics sacry♥♥♥♥♥monsters that in my game like to find me instantly and just float in place and a great crafting keep watch of this game, because it seriously has some massive potential I'd definately buy this is you have some spare money lying around!"
,Recommended,242760,13961467,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,SJStrikers,"This is a survival craft kind of game. I see a lot of potential but am unsure about the long-term point of the game. It is still in alpha and that's fine you can't expect the final product yet, but this game definately needs something to make it feel like your going somewhere in it. Right now theres not really any point to the game but the crafting is amazing. You gather supplies from the island like sticks rocks and wood which you chop trees down to get. There are traps to set to protect your base that you want to make. Your guy gets hungry, cold,  and needs energy to perform tasks so theres an obvious survival feel to it. Having fun in it and can't wait for more content. Has a lot of support and feels like they are serious about putting out a lot of content for it soon though it is still kind of buggy."
76561198050907733,Recommended,242760,10472186,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,KYO-NITRO,"10/10 Last piece of snack, every native wants it lol... Come and get me... Would die and survive all over again just to be in that situation, awesome game atmosphere."
76561198042875374,Recommended,242760,10310967,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Chewy,You can see tribe lady boobs!11/10
76561198018229599,Recommended,242760,15770418,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Last Shadow,"The best survival-horror game I have ever played.Horror,survival,open world,crafting,action,adventure...10\10"
76561198035862213,Recommended,242760,29218932,Posted: 12 January,all,Jeebster,Great survival horror game with building elements to boot. Devs are adding new content all the time. Completely playable game and well worth the money even though it's still in Alpha.
76561198130579158,Recommended,242760,32968764,Posted: 28 June,all,Grey Wolf,"All I can say is JESUS CHRIST! (errr Cross? :D)This game has a very addictive story, and boy did I have a hell of a time playing this with some friends of mine! Would totally recommend this game to anyone who does not have it! I'd hate to play this alone because it does get pretty scary to be honest."
,Recommended,242760,10419738,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,trickzter53,The Forest.The Forest is very cool game if u think it was released  30 May. I like the game because you so much need to survive. I really hope that u can finish the game with like finding the son or something. Thumbs Up! :)
,Recommended,242760,22161556,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Eat Another Muffin,"I'm highly against buying early access or games in alpha or beta, but I'm not against this game. Despite this game being in early access, it's constantly being updated and things are being added and updating. The optimization is pretty good, but messing with some of the setting will cause FPS drops, but it's nothing reverting the settings can't fix. The developers are doing an amazing job with this game and respond to the players in the forum and help out a lot.10/10 Gucci stamp of approval"
,Recommended,242760,32746823,Posted: 24 June,all,Fatal_Cyde,Picture dying light. Now take away parkour and guns. Add minecraft. Your end result is The Forest.
,Recommended,242760,32327557,Posted: 10 June,all,Jblade35,"The Forest is a standout of the survival genre, and is most definitely worth a play even whilst still in early access (version I played was v0.61)The Forest has a basic plotline and a story - unlike most survival games, you have an active goal; to rescue your son. Unlike other games, this isn't handled sloppily or with much exposition; the intro starts and you simply look to your side to see him resting with his head on your shoulder. That's all you need - whilst you CAN ignore the goal and just aim to survive indefinitely, The Forest's true strength lies in unravelling the plot and exploring the many caves dotted around the island. Whilst you have freedom in building stuff and exploring, I feel that the Forest isn't really a sandbox crafting game. There's no tech tree or anything to work through.As you explore the island and eventually clash with the natives, the game becomes more fascinating when you compare your actions to the cannibals. You start on the defensive; but far enough into the game you've erected grisly totems with their body parts around your home to frighten them away, and you wield the bones of their fallen allies as body armour and weapons. The game never makes a big deal out of this and there's no melodrama to be seen; you yourself are left to reflect on this as you cut a cannibal's body into pieces and then chuck its torso onto your bonfire to harvest the bones. Even the ending serves this underlying theme in a fantastic way.You're never truly on top however - nothing shows this more than cave exploring. The caves are true to their nature - they're not cliche game caves but pitch black and truly terrifying. Even whilst playing with a friend the game never failed to be tense whenever exploring these dark areas; a rope down often meant climbing down into pure darkness with only a pocket lighter to illuminate about a foot in front of you. You can only hope you don't stumble across something even more horrifying than the cannibals. If it's not that, it's the horrific carnage they've unleashed upon countless other unlucky people.The Forest is staggeringly beautiful; the surface is calm and serene with the wind rustling and animals running around - this serves to make the shrieks of some distant horror even more terrifying. You'll never be more glad to see the sunlight when you exit from some deep cave system. The audio design is also fantastic; music is sparse which is a good choice and the sound design whilst underground just adds a huge amount to the atmosphere.All in all, The Forest was a fantastic and terrifying experience - I would recommend playing with a friend as the game loses none of its atmosphere and experiencing the caves and the terrors of the world is enhanced even more when going in to this game new. I'd seriously suggest avoiding spoilers or only using the wiki if you're truly lost since this is a game that really relies on surprising you with things."
76561198083573013,Recommended,242760,10546697,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,A N U S T A R T,This game has a heap of potential. Even now the game is good and pretty much functional. Some of the most nerve wracking stuff I've ever felt in a game. The only drawback however is possibly the price tag. Its a little steep at this point
,Recommended,242760,18742768,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Kitch,"The Forest is a well developed game with both it's positives and negatives. The graphics are superb for a 870mb game and the gameplay is quick and smooth making it an enjoyable experience. However for the amount of time the game has been around it seems fairly limited in development. Yes, the producers do keep bringing out 'small' updates and generally listen to the community when it comes to little hot fixes. But the content of the game iss very limited, you are isolated to only 1 island to live off, you dont have the option to leave the island to go in search of different territory. Also there are no achievements or goals to aim for, all you have to do is, chop down trees, gather logs, ransack the respawning suitcases for never ending food and supplies, make a boat, go spelunking and your done.If there was more content in the game and a wider variety of things to craft i would rate this game 9/10, but as it stands I would give it a mere 5/10.."
76561198054466554,Recommended,242760,11972964,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Milk,"+1 would so recommend this game!The first time I ever played this I was worried on what it would be like. I have never seen a game based in a forest before. Nor did I know what was going to happen, my first day in*The Forest*went like this:Clicked play:I suddenly noticed quickly I was in a plane, looking out the window into the peaceful puffy clouds. Soon realising that something had happen to the plane and we were loosing altitude quickly. Having my kid asleep next to me he woke up SO quickly and in shock. Then the glitch came about and he broke his back in the plane some how, I was devasted and so upset that he broke his back. But not to worry the plane soon crashed down and knocked me unconscious. After a bit I woke up to look at this..Person with paint and leaves as pants on them, picking up which once was my alive son.(Doesn't matter now his back broke through a glitch so who cares about my son)I then woke up, it was day time. I must of been asleep for ages. I found an axe,food,pills,circuit boards and a few other useless items to me at this time. I then went out into the wild. Looking around the environment and all I could see was tree's in every direction, I saw bushes,logs,grass and the wildlife. I explored a little in one direction I then came across a beach. I looked around and I saw people. 4 of them infact, I walked up to them not knowing what would of happend. I then realised they were after me, ready to attack me and probably eat me.I ran for my life, into the ocean and back onto the shore line. I then came back, they didn't know where I was. I was ready to surprise attack them with my trusty axe. I ran up  behind one hoping if I hit it in the head I would of killed it. That had not worked. It failed miserably, I decided to stay and fight against these people? I attacked them over and over and they took a while to die. I was worried I was going to die, after slaying 2 I felt I had this fight.I then realised I was very low on hunger and health. I was going to win. I then died. I was hoping they would be an easy kill not some tough♥♥♥♥♥thing that takes like 15 hits to kill.But that was my adventure when I first played.Enjoyable,exciting,adventrous,amazing.I enjoyed the wildlife, the environment I was in and all together gives that suspense on what it going to happen next or during the night. I would recommend this game to anyone! <3Thanks for reading Cubed<3"
76561197982531514,Recommended,242760,12431585,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Johnman,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW PATCH V.08First of alll I'm not going to fully review the game, I'm going to answer what you probably have questions about in regards to this game. If you're reading this on the store page or reviews then you're more likely to be looking for insight on whether you should buy it or not. So here we go.Do I recommend the game, yes definately it's fun and very playable. Is it buggy? No not very buggy. I would say after the last few patches it seems to be getting better annd better. It is afterall regarded as an EARLY ALPHA title, so they could put out a new patch and totally mess it up so it's unplayable. However the development team appears to be quite responsible, attentive and would likely release a hotfix ASAP. The game seems very stable, not to buggy, fun to play and enjoyable for the most part.You can build a log cabin, build other structures, traps, craft weapons. The bad guys are mostly Natives or Cannibals and are not to difficult to fight. You can hunt animals for food such as Rabbit, lizard and (Deer as of v.08) There is no storyline yet although it appears this PC Title will eventually have a very involved scripted storyline. The world is a large jungle or forest like island, it's not huge but it's big enough; dunno if they intend to make it much larger. There is no multiplayer yet and I don't know if the Development team intend to add multiplayer at a later date.Price wise, as of October 09, 2014 at the Steam store has the game listed at CA$16.99. I would recommened it at this price."
76561197960863289,Recommended,242760,10496224,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Elegit,"This games development process has gone along very, very well. It looks good and runs well. The game challenges the player to survive in a large hostile enviroment, where they will constantly be under threat from regional cannibal tribes. When the AI works, it works well, but it will often get slipped up, which is being worked on by the devs. The game is a blast to play, and even more so when playing with friends."
,Recommended,242760,10297965,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ΔRELIAS [ENG],"Game is awesome, I've been waiting for a game like this one for a long time. Obviously there is a ton of bugs, but come on, it's only alpha, isn't it? This game reminds me of an old game ""Stranded"" but with more gore and horror. Introduction was awesome, I'm still wondering whether I can find this boy or not (he got kidnapped by these tribe people). All survival aspects were done quite well, you have to sleep, eat and drink to stay alive. Also, you should consider building wall for defence, but it's not an easy task and you will most likely end up with chopping a lot of trees. Overall feel of this game is awesome and I would recommend it to everyone, maybe not in alpha, but if you want to support the makers, go ahead, it will just make the game improve quicker. The AI is interesting, these mutants really seem to cooperate with one another, they run in groups and attack in groups, from all sides."
76561198055247526,Recommended,242760,10299849,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TacTicLeaf,"I saw a tribesman run around and was playing in the grass just running in circles, i didn,t want to interrupt him. I cut down a tree, The tree landed right in front of him as he almost got smashed he looked around, it took awhile then he started to run around and play again. I collected the wood logs and it was 2 logs left infront of the playing tribesman.As i fully was focused to collect them all, i gathered the first one and as fast as it went i only heard a knock * I got hit *. The nice playing peaceful tribesman, he... He punched me as much it hurted the character it hurt my heart.As the game started to bug my character got launched up in the sky, i saw the last sight of ground and i was thinking abit... It took a minute and i started to see clouds.As fast as i got lauched up in the sky i got down, hitting the ground hard my legs got puched up my butt.As i layed down as the screen turned gray i saw the tribesman running around playing again, as i fell next to him.Would do it again 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,17022196,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,A Walrus,"Fun game... Wish more friends played it. Good graphics, decent gameplay and not too many bugs."
76561197991223716,Recommended,242760,34826269,Posted: 8 September,all,Lame_Mule,"A fantastic survival game for only $15, as of writing this. While certainly an early access title, the devs are constantly updating and improving, along with providing consistent information regarding future plans - nearly all of which have or are coming to fruition.This title is definitely one worth picking up."
,Recommended,242760,24501911,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SuckMyLittleFinger,The forest is one of those games where you play it for a couple hours then get bored of it. Needs more content
76561198031756758,Recommended,242760,14305929,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,HAGLER,"Very interesting and different. Fitting to the survival/zombie like genre of the now. I enjoy the crafting most of all. Hunting needs some work. Bow and arrow aiming, speed tectonics, movement over rocks, down trees, very glitchy but hey its the beta so all that should come soon. But over all very exciting! Very hard without a friend no doubt. The A.I. seems tactical, i like! Hard and easy to be backed in the corner, fun. I havent gone Cave dwelling just yet but i have had most of the basic buildings up and its quite the adventure thus far. Keep it coming, stoked to see whats coming!!!!! Ideas: More, bigger land animals, more wrecks and shipswreck material, water involvement, mountain caves and wrecks, radio towers, weather/space station/governement abandoned structure; More weapons, more crafts, blueprints or books like the basic one which was very well put together and instructive, maybe allow for structures created by others to be come blueprints for all, bigger bonfire effects, more traps for sure. Love the basic hard work atmosphere, i wouldnt recommend powered weapons like chainsaws and such the old school keeps it rare in its genre. Awesome and yes i recommend it! Friends play together and 2 ormore will never g wrong. Also, share food! lol."
,Recommended,242760,10311830,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,⎛⎝毒蛇⎠⎞,"despite the huge number of flaws the game is excellent, I liked it. The idea is good, I hope you implement it"
,Recommended,242760,24026760,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Midnight_Medic,"Let me begin by saying my hours in this game are far from accurate. I have spent countless hours playing this game offline.The forest is a game unlike any other on Steam. Some may claim this is not true, and there are other survival games, but in my opinion nothing compares to The Forest.When I first started playing this game the sounds of cannibals in the night would send chills down my spine. The light of a torch can only shine so far, and sometimes the most deadly creatures in the game lie right beyond the torches light, waiting for a chance to pounce. This thought in the back of your head makes you wary of working at night, but sometimes the sacrifice must be made if you wish to prolong your life in single player.The Forest takes many survival factors into consideration giving it one of the most realistic feels of any game on Steam as I said earlier. From sickness, starvation, and dehydration, anything could bring about your death. Cannibals aren't the only thing you must fear.The game is regularly patched, and new content is added with almost every update.Multiplayer is a new beast on its own. Though still focusing on survival the game seems to become both easier, and harder, at the same time. Survival from the elements grows drastically easier, for a time. The cannibals however, grow more frequent and more deadly as the days pass.Cave exploration becomes much easier with friends, and far less dangerous, and with the caves staying cleared thanks to one of the latest patches, the caves can also be used to escape danger if your base ever gets overrun in the later days of survival. (Caves may repopulate after a patch. I experienced this with a group of friends in the pit cave, and we had to flee from the sheer number of enemies that spawned, and our low supply count from the initial exploration).Overall the game is amazing, the gameplay is great, and the time you get to enjoy with friends if you wish is also a plus. I recommend this game to anyone that enjoys a challenge, and prefers their survival simulators more on the realistic side.Pros:+Great Game+Fun with friends+Great Simulator for Survival+Challenging+Interesting, and ever growing story with interesting side discoveries+Frequent Updates+Tree explosions sending logs into your friends heads is always worth a laughCons:-Sharks still stuck on the beach (kinda a plus because we just use the heads and stick them to rocks lol, and if it gets fixed I will update this)-You don't own it yet-Needs more enemy classes (Though it seems more have been added. With the addition of what me and my friends have called the Tubby, (you will be able to tell what I'm talking about if you ever see it, I won't spoil the experience hehehe) I can see many more enemies being added in the future though. So this isn't really a Con, more or less a suggestion that would make the game challenging and force the experienced players to rethink some of their tactics.Buy this game, its worth it. And if you can find it on sale its a steal for the amount of content and fun you will recieve."
76561198239893608,Recommended,242760,24221695,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cade,EatSleepChopRepeat10/10 would cook a human again
,Recommended,242760,11455258,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,inorganicdope,Great game very addictive and I have a addictive personality :}.First game to make me want to write a review.Things I like everything.things I don't hmm' nothing.11/10
,Recommended,242760,23780224,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dodo,"Wonderful game. My girlfriend and I enjoy playing this game together a lot, great multiplayer support and amazing graphics."
,Recommended,242760,29900542,Posted: 13 February,all,Damian,Great game except you're playing it coop and your friend doesn't want to play anymore.I really like this game but in my opinion there are things that reallyneed improvement. I just wrote everything that came to my mind so I guess most of it are already know issues.(I'm not a native speaker so prepare for mistakes)BuildingI get that it's not the main thing to do in this game but I love building my own base and customize it. The gamelacks of furnitureand it's really sad that you can't (I didn't find a way how) build custom treehouses in a game called Forest. Tree bridges and stairs don't snap well so you aren't able to just walk upstairs but always have to jump in order to get in your house. There have been many times where I built and destroyed my stairs to get it to work properly.It would have been so easy if everything snapped together similar to Fallout 4's building mode.PerformanceI don't know why but I get the feeling that over the years the game's performance sufferedWhen I was playing the game two years ago I got 60 fps. Now I barely hit 45 (In my base 20).(If this is my mistake and someone knows how to fix it I would really appreciate your help)GameplayI love discovering new places and exploring caves but it's so annoying to not see anything past your five feet radius of light. We were so happy when we first found a flashlight that was supposed to solve our problem but this thing is just a joke. We didn't find anything to improve our flashlight so we just stick to our lighter that doesn't need batteries. I'm not sure if there's a way to use the flashlight under water but that would be the only thing I could imagine it being helpful (That's what makes diving so annoying).The last thing is the balancing of food. I don't understand howone chocolate bar can fill your stomache equally to 3 cooked rabits. One big meal is supposed to take care of your daily need of calories butthis game forces you to eat 3 rabbits every 3 ingame hours.So why should you still buy this game?Apart from those negative things this is a great game that keeps improving I just wanted to be honest so you know what you're going to get for your money.Most of this things are probably fixed by the time you read this because the developer keeps updating this game regularly.
76561198355366426,Recommended,242760,32442648,Posted: 15 June,all,DeMoopBaer,"Its a very well rounded survival game, i recomend for those who want to accept a chalenge. The natives are a big pain, but once you finish the story it gets a lot, and i mean a lot easier"
,Recommended,242760,11360435,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Widowmaker main,This game has a procedural breasts size system.
,Recommended,242760,11961768,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Volt,"The ForrestThe Forest is an open world survival horror game development by Endnight Games currently in early access. The game places you on an Island inhabited by a cannibal tribal culture. They are savage and seem to hunt you. No place is safe! Build shelters and weapons to survive.Early AccessThe game is very basic at the moment and one only hopes the developers have a much larger picture of where they are taking it.  At the current state, I find it difficult to recommend this game for purchase simply do to the large amount of bugs and alpha state of the game.  The beginings of a great game are here if they developers can follow through.  The problem is that as an early access title, many games have so much potential and people jump in and back the game by purchasing it early with the understanding it is not finished.  The problem is at what point will it be finished and the time frame it takes to get there.The graphics look well done but lack polishing and suffers from minimal optimization. The environment still needs a lot of work and the play area currently has no multiplayer aspect outside of Co-Op.  The Islands available are small so the difficulty level with even a small number of players in PvP would increase drastically, losing the survival aspect of the game.  Once opened up to three or more small islands, the potential for 20 person servers in a pvp environment sounds very interesting mixed with the cannibal tribal NPCs.ConclusionThe bottom line is if you like the potential for the game and want to try it out, go for it if you understand this game is no where near a finished product.  Otherwise, wait for the game to be further along in developement or on sale.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=295084916http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=386213311"
76561198095726732,Recommended,242760,22889228,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Delta-1-Xray,"this game is dank, if you got dank play this game"
76561198082489422,Recommended,242760,22488405,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,♛ Rockso-The-ⓂⓁⒼ-Pro ♛,watched my plane crash. see my kid getting kidnaped by mysterious meanie. running around looking for sticks and rocks. getting K.O'ed by 6 naked people. woke up in a mysterious cave. found my way out. starting to look for sticks and rocks all over again..started my project to build a wall to make the forest great again my friends on the server doubted on me and my project and when i finally finished the wall i kept them on the other side of the wall so they wouldnt be able to see my Great side of the forest still some how those inbred cannibal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s came through the wall (spawned inside) so i let my buddys in to work for me as the border patrol (sry for bad ingles) 9/11 would make tthe forest great again.
,Recommended,242760,11859131,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,px,makes you forget all about your kid getting stolen 11/10
,Recommended,242760,10320304,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Chosimba,The Seagulls.... beware of the Seagulls
,Recommended,242760,11017108,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,🅱izza 🅱ime,"I spooked the spookers, then got super spooked. 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,10335266,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,-(|RG-O|)- Radioactiveboy,"In my opinion, this is the next upcoming survival horror of the year. I mean, it rolls all the cool stuff into one game, 3D minecraft, realism, and it makes you SCARED! I have never played a game like this, especially a game where the developers are so in touch with their audience. Many great things to come, you will not regret this purchase."
,Recommended,242760,13910275,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Chef Candy-Pants,"I love this game! Its extremely entertaining and always a challenge. If your looking for something creative and new this is a game you must consider! Everytime I play this game there is something new to see or do. Of course the game still has many bugs and glitches, but thats expected with any in development game. This game is cheap and well worth the money!"
,Recommended,242760,12249435,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,✪ Tbtcallum,The game has a few bugs but it is very fun and enjoyable its quiet scary at times but still alot of fun very addicting and The updates are very good because it brings alot of new stuff into the game. I think the Creators of this game are doing very well and i hope they keep adding bug fixes and alot of new building stuff. 9/10 A Must Buy.
,Recommended,242760,10296524,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Puck G.,"we have been playing this with several people on a lanparty now.And we all really like this game so FAR!We are really sad about the no-save part so far but we know it will come into the game.Although we found a few things wich need to be looked at:- The game starts lagging after you play it for a long timein one world- While chopping tree you hve to aim we came to notice. At where you can swing. But even then it doesnt always chop the whole tree down from one point.- Maybe a more realistic falling of the tree. Like if you chop form on side. It comes crashing down in that way.- Las tthing about the tree we noticed. some logs bug very hard when the fall down. the spin around and get bugged up high in the air. Or just roll through the rocks and other trees. but im sure this will be fixed too!!- We had a shelter. And apart from 1 guy who was scouting, we didnt see any other creep lurking at us. I guess we had the best spot?- And the explosives dont work.- After a few days and when we killed alot of cannibals there werent any left. Went through the whole map, caves and everythingAnd i few things that would be awesome if added:More animals to hunt.Bows.Other weapons.Achievements or kind of quests like finding all the passengers (wich is in it now)Respawn of canniballsMaybe something to tame like a wolf or something! :DBUT, we really love this game and cant wait for a patch or update on it!!!"
,Recommended,242760,10292381,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,China Chef,A naked woman with big♥♥♥♥♥♥got mad and hit me so hard I flew into space because I chopped up her friends and set their parts on fire on a big effigy.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10332522,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Niha'd,"Day 1: A plane crashes and next to me is my son. He gets carried away by some weird creature. I get up and grab a hatchet. I run out the plane and find a nice place to set up camp. My camp is finished, a small shelter with a small fire. I'm very hungry, I try to find some food. I look over and see a small island. I swim throuh non-existant water and to the island. Theres a crap ton of berries. I eat and get back to camp only to find that those creatures are in my camp! I am overwhelmed by the buggy textures and the un-optimized game. They kill me.I lasted 1 day.10/10"
,Recommended,242760,10293634,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,c o a c h g o d b l e s s,This game just came out in Alpha today. To-day. Toooooooooooooooooooooooooooodayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy. Of course it's going to be buggy and not the best. It's in alpha 0.01 for god diddly sakes! Even though it is I am still very pleased with it. My diddle got hard from it. Also you can throw tennis balls. 69/10 and you need dedotated wam
,Recommended,242760,10409805,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Compow Chicken,hit a naked mutant exploded and made me fly and die 20/10
,Recommended,242760,16368960,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,David Bowie,Just wait a bit longer.
,Recommended,242760,16969083,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,aquatictigress,"The game devs have been working hard at this game and it shows. The updates just keep coming. However, there are some bugs here and there and if you have a low computer, it probably will have some problems. That being said this game is overall excellent.The cannibals like to scout before they attack but once they know where you are they will send larger groups to investigate. If you have built structures, they will notice you sooner and come in very large groups. If you decide to wander around without building much, it takes longer for them to notice and you may only see a few at a time. The caves are terrifying especially when you've been dragged in and don't know where you are.If you are interested in a open world survival game with some horror element to it, I fully recommend this game."
,Recommended,242760,11193865,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ChaoticDCook,Only played on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop and I still love it.
,Recommended,242760,20476490,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Lassi,"I've had The Forest for over a year now, and it still scares the hell out of me. This game has come a long way from the earliest stages of the alpha and is becoming more and more and more and more interesting after every passing update. And even my little sister is always wanting to play some more The Forest. Also, when I was younger, I loved The Sims 2 Castaway so much that I still miss it and its content and this game is similar to it, but more grown up version of it. Maybe some day this game can even replace it as one of my all time favorite games!I absolutely love the game, but it's still missing something. Below I list parts that are particularly good and what we still need. I'm not covering every gameplay feature in the game, just how the game overall feels.+ Has a lot of potential to be an excellent game.+ Has scheduled updates and (almost) every update makes the game much better.++ One of the rare Early Acces games that have chance to succeed.+ Overall interesting concept.+ After coming out of the plane, you really feel like someone is watching all the time.+ Building mechanics are good.These are the things I think the game has not yet done well or is lacking. All these things are (hopefully) subjected to change. These things don't necessarily make the game itself bad, but I hope these things will get fixed overtime.- Where's the storyline? So far there's almost no story at all. Interesting storyline would make this game SO AWESOME!- So far it doesn't have enough content. The whole game feels like you are playing the demo version of the game.- Cannibals feel way too aggressive. It might just be me, but I don't feel like being hours after hours in my tiny cottage surrounded by a horde of cannibals.- Currently the game is just basic surviving. It feels like you need to leave the isle as soon as possible by just doing cheap and weak structres and weapons. Being able to make, for example, furnaces, furniture, workbenches that allows you to make more advanced weapons etc. etc. TL;DR: Imo the game is lacking many everyday elements that should be there. Being not able to do a furnace is distracting.I really think that this game has a great future ahead of it. It's already very popular and it absolutely deserves all the attention. Imo it still needs to grop in size, because at the moment it gets boring very quickly. But the game is getting bigger and bigger very fast, I think it won't take long before it gets very, very good!Keep up the good work!"
76561198018685457,Recommended,242760,10290745,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The Intentional International,Amazing tense atmosphere. The ai is impressive even at this early state and shows self presservation. The graphics are pretty good even with the many graphical bugs. There is plenty to find in this world and many battles to be had. I am very happy with the money spent and compaired to other early access games I have played this feels the most complete.
76561198042816317,Recommended,242760,10289949,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,MEЯCY,"the game is very good but it has missing things like swimming animations, when a tree falls on you, you dont take damage this is really awful, i know this is an alpha and i hope it gets better because i liked so much this game."
,Recommended,242760,17340479,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,SKYWARD,"Good Survival Game with horror elements and coop fun. its getting better each update, developers work hard. Love it"
76561198031503536,Recommended,242760,20220390,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,P0SED,"The forest...Well I really love this game, the way how the intro was it was amazing and something different. Although it's another survival game but it's one of the scariest survival game I have ever played. Those creatures lurking in the forest are really scary even if one pops up out of nowhere can give you a good fright.The graphics are amazing and looks good on ultra. The crafting system is amaing, if you want to craft you open your survival book and there are nice tips about what to eat and not eat and pages full of things you can build although I wish there were more structures to build but this game is still in early access.When you start the game you are on a plane and  crash land on a forest. You wake up and see your son being taken. From there I don't know if you can find the son or not but it's a great concept.9/10"
76561198152379740,Recommended,242760,13311794,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,deadly dax,great game for survival a little buggy but still a great game
,Recommended,242760,28764267,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ragido,"This game is amazing! one of the best survival games  ever.the story is great like you are going to be shocked after you finish it, great crafting system. good animations and of course its  a horror game so you sill♥♥♥♥♥♥your self sometimes. the music is amazing especially when something important happening like you will stop everything and listen to it. there are many kind of enemies that you will see, some are very hard some are normal and weak!The graphics are great even tho iam playing on low.i finished the game without even building a base or getting a pick axe.. *JUST DO SOME PARKOR*.i would rate it 8.5 of 10And of course buy it with friends!i played more than 20 hours on cracked version"
76561198052277089,Recommended,242760,10312545,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Stan_nn,"For developers :---------------------------Oops!---------------------------The game crashed.The crash report folder named ""2014-06-01_130028"" next to game executable.It would be great if you'd send it to the developer of the game!---------------------------OK---------------------------Keep up the good work guys, this game is having a lot of potential :P"
,Recommended,242760,10828979,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MrsBadExample,"Trees exploding into space, giant ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monsters, wearing lizard skin as armour, and beating natives with sticks: The Forest has everything a luxury resort could possibly offer."
76561198334283499,Recommended,242760,30787276,Posted: 27 March,all,WOLF37525,I highly recommend this game if you like survival games probably the best survival game I've played
,Recommended,242760,10336694,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,DaVi,Bird Genocide Simulator 2014.You kill a bird-10 more show up on its place. 10/10Not recommended for bird lovers.
,Recommended,242760,10288784,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,beer dad,"First: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME unless you want to support the developers and not actually play.The game doesn't save for a lot of people including me.BUT this is alpha and for an alpha this game is quite gorgeous, and I did enjoy my team playing.You'll be building a shelter and some weird mutant freak is stalking you from behind, you can either try to kill him/her and risk having his/her entire family trying to eat you or you can try to scare him away.The AI is decent, much better than the AI in some Alpha games that have been out for a while now *cough* DayZ *cough*But even with all this, you should only buy it if you absolutely want a game where youre only buying it to help continue its development.After all this game has so much potential and I cant wait to see what it becomes."
,Recommended,242760,10288822,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Gees,"Even tho i have only played about an hour, i can genually make these statements amazing survival game amazing horror game. i wish it was less horror personaly because i scare vary easly but eather way its a greate game even in early alfa"
,Recommended,242760,14183579,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sir Grayson,this is good training if you prepare to go live in russia
76561197995080643,Recommended,242760,34706634,Posted: 3 September,all,Old Man,"Great game whatever in single player or in coop. It was released in pre-alpha stage sometime in 2014 and development so far was a bit slow. I seriously hope their new project will be The Forest like game set in the Stone Age with a decent coop or even a proper multiplayer mode. Imagine competing for hunting grounds and other resources with rival tribes. Something like Ubisoft's Farcry Primal, only designed with fun in mind."
,Recommended,242760,31607614,Posted: 7 May,all,My Cabbages!,"I was a bit hesitant at first seeing as it is in early access.  I am really impressed with the commmunication from the Devs, and how often they focus on hotfixes and such.  Would highly recommend this game if you want a survival game to play with your friends, or even alone.  It's a nice change of pace from the normal zombie survival game.  The landscapes and beautiful, monsters scary, and sounds wonderful."
,Recommended,242760,29191527,Posted: 11 January,all,Wisbi,"- You can craft armor from bones.- Bones can be obtained by burning the bodies of cannibals.- You can build carts for hauling logs cut from trees.- I realize they can haul bodies too.- I need armor, so I take my cart to a nearby cannibal village to farm for bones.- I kill 4 or 5 of them and pile them into the cart.- I am on my venture back home, and looking down at my blood-covered hands pushing a cart full of bodies I intend to cremate so I can gather their bones and WEAR them.- ...- ""What the f**k am I doing???""The Forest gets my vote for Psycopath Simulator of the year.10/10, would be a maniac again."
,Recommended,242760,20987445,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,chachock,keep in mind that this game is in early access so u might experience some bugs this game is a survival horror game where u can gather itams craft and u have to keep searching for food and water u can build bases and craft weapones fight cannibals exploar caves hunt animals the if a cannibal see u he will fight u and run away when he can and then go warn the others and after a bit of time u will see a group of cannibals going to that place to hunt u they can track u the ai is smart u the game is realistic but there super natural mutated cannibals u can find parts of the story all around the map u can find traces of other peaple who went to the island and exploares u can see traces of what they tried to do to survive and u need to find your lost son the graphics are amazing the inventory systim is something new i never saw a inventory system like that in any game before and the crafting system is cool too  the base building mechanics are so cool the caves are so large there is alot more that i will let u discovr ur selfok we talked about the good part lets talk about the bad things now this game is in early access so u will experience some glitchs and bugs so when u use ropes to get  in/out of caves u might glitch and fall sometimes animals glitch and o in walls/boulders u glitch inside objects too there is no auto save and u cant save from the menu u have to make a bed to be able to save there is no mini map so u have to navigate around by putting  campfires or any structures u can use to navigateok lets talk about the story and lore spoiler alert tere will be some spoilers but not magor spoilers i will say spoiler before saying it ok u are travelling on a plane with yur son and the plane crashs on a mystereos islandu wake up in the crashed plane your son is missing u have a survival guide book that can help you u can read it to learn to craft things and learn the basics spoiler alert there are exploarers that went to the island but never left u can find thier camps find thier books there are cannibal breading areas in the caves and there are graves that u can blow up to get loot and photoes u can find  your sons drawings in the caves thats all i know u red what is on the books note and pictures u if could leave a review if u buy the game so u can help others and pls forgive me if i spelled any word wrong and hope this review helps you and have a nice day
,Recommended,242760,15405650,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Oznog,"I wanted to recommend the game and write a review a couple of days after I bought the game, but decided I wasn't putting enough time into it to see where it was going, how often the devs would work on the game, and watch the game play out.After this last update, I played a few hours last night and was completely impressed. The Devs are definitely making progress with the game pretty quickly I'd say, compared to a few others I and my friends have invested in.In short and not really breaking the game down like everyone else, I recommend the game fully; Cannibals, Head Pikes, Your fellow passengers being turnt into contorted tennis ball dispensers, building tree houses, looting the Cannibals territories along with their makeshift camps, cave exploration (though honestly I haven't done that much cause well, being underground in a cave bearly lit by either a flashlight, torch, flare, or my handy lighter along with an unknown amount of cannibalistic mutants after my lucky charms, I tend to keep high ground.), Nature, Hunting and Fishing, Molotovs. I really shouldn't have to say more, Buy this game, Support the Devs, and Enjoy, I have a feeling there is only more to come."
76561198053495843,Recommended,242760,10487990,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Onii-Chan,"A game with massive potential, The alpha I have played which is v0.01b is amazing in its own accord. Itis obvious not everything is in the game just yet but the ai already shows what the name implies, intelligence. The game, as it is, shows focus in the gameplay area much more than graphics. I am not saying it doesn't look amazing, it does, but textures pop everywhere in this alpha but that is a good thing and here is why.It in alpha, early access, many think selling it there is grabbing for money. This guy isnt its very obvious the builds gameplay, incomplete as it is, works as solidly as if it were the only things in it, but its NOT! The developer shows much more interest in getting gameplay, and making it better, than making it look better graphicaly. This is rare among many developers and games I see now-a-days and its sad but this one doesn't.In short, the alpha is meant to test the gameplay more so than get money. I also feel strongly that this game will go on to become a much better game. I hate to say it just has potential, I mean WarZ had potential and see where that went, but this one has legitimate potential and a very plausible chance of acheiving if not exceeding it.(For those that don't like to read) Its great and amazing and I am 98% sure it will become much better as time goes onRecomended easily"
76561198103763599,Recommended,242760,13522124,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Saber6-1,"Where to start, this games intro lets the player really feel the fear. The survival aspect is really demanding from being tired, hungry, hurt, cold and wet, and being able to construct shelters. The islands inhabitants just really blow your mind on the ai scripting they will stalk you hunt you and re-group when they are hurt. They are by no means lazy they will run climb and come from every which way. graphics the game is smooth and beautiful it is what i would expect from something similar to the cry engine games which power games like far cry and crysis. the detail is beautiful and impressive from the vegitation to the wildlife you can hunt.There is the ability to co-op with your friends which i have not tried due to the fact there is no server search currently but co-op is done by using there ip and yours to create a lobyy(simple and elegant.).There are a few problems at the moment with the game but remember this is an alpha build.  Water is very simply implimented with water layers meaning you can see to the bottom and the edges of water are usually grassy no river system implimented. Sometimes with tree platforms you can build the trees will disapear and leave you just a floating platform. The bow is a nice addition but i would like to see a bigger better bow eventually with more power and maybe an aimer.I would highly recomend this game its only 14.95 with the xmas sale and its better then most xbox one titles i play to date."
76561198090310688,Recommended,242760,13599666,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,muslim,"This game features some amazing gameplay! The singleplayer is good but could ofcourse improve. As the devs mention in the section ""Development roadmap"" They will be making the game graphics better aswell as improving the ""running"" of the game. I like the game and can't stop playing.There are some things that I think should be quite high on the dev priority list though. I am not a software developer but I think that the bugs in multiplayer should be fixed. First and formost the bug where you can play a game with your friend, both of you save in your shelter by pushing the C key and the you exit the server. When you come back in only the host will have kept his/her things like axes and food. The other thing that isn't really a glitch but a feature that would increase the gamplay experience is the ability to destroy or tear apart your buildings after you've started building or finished the build. My friends and I have realized that not being able to demolish your built stuff can be gamebreaking and make the gameplay less fun. Last but not least i would like to ask the developers to make it possible to share items with your friends in multiplayer (cop-op mode). This would make the gameplay more immersive and make the game a lot better. I hope the developers will take notice of these things and add them into the game although that is just my wish and I do understand if the developers want to chose another path for the game.To sum it up. I like the game and would recommend it to anyone who is looking to play a scary game alone or with your friends. There are a few bugs and some features missing (according to me) that i hope the developers will fix/add to the game.I give this game a 8/10 because of the things listed aboveKind regards, Your fellow gamer"
76561198101581044,Recommended,242760,22625041,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,|| Chicken_Junior || Flux ||,1 - Regain conscience in a crashed plain2 - Naked man takes my son3 - Dead chick with axe in chest4 - Took axe5 - ♥♥♥♥ed of into the middle of the woods6 - Remembers all the Bear Grilles episodes I've watched7 - Builds house like I'm Terminator8 - Naked chick shows up at my house9 - Kills her and hacks of limbs and eats her10 - Builds wall like Trump11 - Mother f'ing Cool Aid Man mutant breaks my f'ing wall12 - Kills Cool Aid Man13 - Goes for a walk down to beach14 - Sees a boat surrounded by sharks15 - Goes 1 v 5 clutch on sharks16 - Dies17 - Re-incarnates18 - Goes for a walk and finds a cave19 - Enters cave20 - Sees little golum ♥♥♥♥♥ with their deformed♥♥♥♥♥babies21 - Leaves cave22 - Spider mutant ♥♥♥♥♥ is waiting outside23 - Dies10/10 would play again
,Recommended,242760,33097424,Posted: 1 July,all,Tomadd123,Pretty good for co-op
,Recommended,242760,29351936,Posted: 19 January,all,Grey Man,Game is awesome when u have friends watching your back. Believe it or not i first played prirated version of game. i got so interested that i want to help developers by purchasing game.
,Recommended,242760,28923750,Posted: 1 January,all,</Dougall>,"Game is 7/10. I reccomend this game as it feels like a true survival game and is alot of fun with friends, but like most gamers if you dont a have freind then its still fun but can get boring after awhile."
76561198098099224,Recommended,242760,23526805,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Abdul K. Jamar,Nice Game. Here is youre ToDo-List1. Build a Base2. Build a Drying rack3. Kill those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s4. Cut off there Arms and Legs5. Put them on the Drying rack -> Let them Dry6. Eat them9/11 would become a Cannibal again
,Recommended,242760,24267484,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,LoGCaliber,Good game
,Recommended,242760,25003259,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Whitey,one of the most bewutiful games ive ever played!! get the game man im tellin ya its good
,Recommended,242760,29643933,Posted: 1 February,all,Mister Artorias,"Welcome to my extremely serious review of ""The Forest""The Forest is an early access title that definitely shows promise for its future. Development seems to be active as bug fixes and content updates are being put out quite frequently. The stability of the game isn't very polished yet, but the adventurous nature of the gameplay is what keeps me playing.Forage, fortify, hunt, explore, and... hide? ( The last one was a bit of a joke, unless you're a little scaredy cat such as myself )Survive the onslaught of cannibalistic tribe members! These things will creepily stalk you from the very start of the game. Tensions between the player and the AI savages can increase depending on the player's actions. Will you kill them on sight? Or perhaps simply engage into some friendly political diplomacy? Nawh. Either way, the cannibals will eventually start to breathe down your neck to the point where having a sturdy fort might sound like a good idea. After that concept piledrives itself into that noggin of yours, It's time to get to work! Most of your time spent at the start of the game will most likely be building the base of your dreams. Unless you're an intelligent person that strives for optimization, you'll probably put way too much effort into building a badass fortress ( I'm implying the fact that cutting down trees is all you'll be doing if you don't think small and compact ). After you've made your sweet base, It's time to venture out into the unknown wilderness and explore! Don't mind the nudists off in the horizon that dash from tree to tree, they're simply observant individuals, that's all.Gameplay: Cutting trees / 10Story: Hm? Son is kidnapped by cannibals? I have more important matters to attend to such as spending days on end crafting and refining my masterpiece of a base.Bugs: Quite buggy but not like BUGGY buggy, you know what i'm saying?Overall: Buy it with some friends and you'll have a grand ol' time."
76561198095515304,Recommended,242760,29979720,Posted: 17 February,all,DEBRA SPACEPIRATE,An amazing game with active devs that actual stick to their promises by far the best early access game on steam
,Recommended,242760,31757436,Posted: 14 May,all,[OJEW] KaCkb0oN,"Hello Community and Endnightgames,I have not much to say to the Forest, but it's my very favorite Game I ever had played here on Steam.It makes a lot of fun, alone or in Coop with friends. You ever have much to do in the World of  The Forest and many opportunities to build a base. The buildings are well designed, so they look realistic.The Gameplay is good to and easy to serve, but the Game is hungry for your Resources so the Developer have to work on the efficiency.But I can say, that the Game needs very much time to get boring."
76561198125855142,Recommended,242760,24833299,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,lennon,The most exciting game I've played since Witcher 3. Amazing atmosphere when you playing offline and a lots of fear. Multiplayer just only ruins the feelings.I wish to developers more buyers
,Recommended,242760,34717460,Posted: 3 September,all,Lewy,actually the only good survival game on steam
76561198008328811,Recommended,242760,28477208,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dreadsalot,"Ok, I have never made a review. But, this game makes me want to convince others to get it. Finding items is difficult due to most of them being in caves and making one wrong turn will leave it behind. However, the story behind it all is AMAZING. I was so hooked once I started finding pictures and notes I became lost in it all wanting to know more and more. I highly recommend this game to anyone who is even slightly interested. 100/100"
76561198060753991,Recommended,242760,24268444,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Jarly,"In the last week I have put most of my play time intp this game. ITS SO ADDICTIVE! one of the best survival games I have ever played. I always think it like minecraft for adults haha.In a time of games that focus on visuals over content, this delivers on both AMAZINGLY! I have never been awe struck in a game before from the feeling of genuine discovery from finding some new area or item that I never knew existed until I put time into this game.Everything that you accomplish feels like you really earn it.PROS:- Great atmosphere to get lost in- beautiful (for an alpha)- satifying gameplay- fanastic sounds- enemies that can actually scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you when they sneekl up on you (they are also creepy as♥♥♥♥♥-very satisfying crafting and building system-NO EQUIP LOAD- totally funcional sneaking mechanics-amazing areasCONS:-loading a game dosnt save controller/ keyboard settings or graphics settings- no quick select for items (everything needs to be used directly from the items menu, even in the quick combat that the game offers)- Seemingly small above ground map (comparitively to tripple A games)- underground is VERY EASY TO GET LOST IN- items menu doesn't work as well with a controller ( the curser is very slow)-I cant seem to get the aiming reticle to ever show up.If you like to get lost in super emersive worlds and survival, then BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198000964041,Recommended,242760,23630117,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Hamza (R.A),This game is FRKN FANTASTIC.  The more you learn about it the more interesting and fun it becomes..Thanks guys
,Recommended,242760,29172265,Posted: 10 January,all,MrSamQc,"two word. ""Perfect, End"""
,Recommended,242760,24317684,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,warriourist,"The idea of the game is good for everyone who like adventures and discovering nature, like me. It will let you join the survive journey when you get lost in a forest in an island after an airplane's crash. You have to find food, water and learn how to make tools and weapons to survive, fighting with cannibals, and facing other danger stuffs in the forest. The game's graphic and sounds are good like reality and you will feel real fear like you actually get in that scenes. It give you chance to overcome your fears when you accidentally have one in your life!"
,Recommended,242760,30835919,Posted: 30 March,all,Surak,"The Forest is a GREAT game. And I really mean that.The gameplay is fantastic and very well thought out. It has been built in a way that allows immense freedom, in constructing, exploring, hunting, killing cannibals, decapitating cannibals, removing cannibal arms, removing cannibal legs, fighting with cannibal arms and legs, and killing mutants.Co-op:This game is amazing, but it is AMAZING if you play it with at least one friend. Otherwise it can get genuinely scary. And playing with a friend is absolutely wonderful. It's just the funnest thing ever. For sure one of the best co-op survival games.However, on the down side, it does have a considerable amount of bugs. But the small Dev team, like the game, are awesome and are continually releasing updates which make the game better and better. It is one of the only games that actually gets better with every single update.To summarise: BUY THIS GAME AND GET A FRIEND TO BUY IT AS WELL!"
,Recommended,242760,23965933,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheBarwiggle,"Really good game to play with friends.Played the entire game with two friends, found basically all the items, and seen the game develop from day #1. The map now has a sinkhole. You can build your own base. You can craft weapons. There is now a story and a checklist for tasks to be done. The NPCs are good, but sometimes take a lot to down. There is plenty of variety in the map area of places to explore, from the plane to NPC camps to the mountain and also down the sinkhole. After a lot of exploring we finally decided to find the climbing axe and descend into the sinkhole, where we found the next area of the game, which has not yet been developed -a metal door that looks like it leads into a Japanese-style war bunker, or some Lost-type♥♥♥♥♥♥ who knows?. The glitches have certainly been fixed form the original alpha, and I'm sure more will come.Overall, for a game still in alpha, The Forest is a lot of fun with friends, to explore the map and kill cannibals with.7/10"
,Recommended,242760,24766437,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Pufty,"There is no way you can rate this negatively.By my experience,The game is graphically satisfying, mechanics are also very smooth! Rarely will you notice some little bug.Best about this is the misterious content. My favourite experiences would be finding all sorts of 'clues', equipment, exploring and generally feeling terrified by stepping in unknown territory! :DTo put it in few words,It's AMAZING and scary, yet pleasing!Constant updates, hotfixes and news. I also hype about new areas being added and speculate. :DThis one is a gem."
,Recommended,242760,28933175,Posted: 2 January,all,Cptcuddlybuns,"When this game first came out, it was a  buggy mess with a pretty good premise and a lot of promises. Now, it's a fairbly buggy mess that has so far delivered on a surprising amount of those promises. I played this game a few times with my friends, built a few fortresses, killed a whole bunch of mutants, ran from armsies because seriously what the hellisthatthingkillitohgod. Then, I heard that the most recent update introduced a win condition. The story finally had an ending. So I redownloaded the game, saddled up with a buddy and ran through it. As of about ten minutes ago, we watched the final cutscene.Sweet mother of god.I'm honestly not sure what I expected, but that...was not it. We're still in our voice channel freaking out, because that was one of the BEST videogame endings I have ever played through. Good job, guys. Good job."
76561198081838651,Recommended,242760,33134892,Posted: 2 July,all,Tavor X95,"This is a great and better visual appealing survival game than most I've played.It may not mention it upon the games profile, however a controller is supported quite well. I will pick up the mouse every once in a while to move across the inventory blanket quicker to build armor, or if in a hurry. Maybe would be nice if when using a controller, rather than moving from each piece of item upon the blanket of inventory that it could move to each ""group"". Such as moving from ""pile of bones"" to ""axe"" to ""pile of cloth"". And then from the pile it would select one to add to combine.I like that there isn't any leveling and no diagrams that need to be found in order to build/craft something. There is so much you can do right from the start. You can decide right away what you want to start off with and right away you can work on it.So much to explore, however not overwhelming. For instance, there are many caves and the caves are deep. But they are not too deep, big, and maze type to where you die while exploring from thirst or hunger.I enjoy the fact that weapons do not get destroyed over time of use like most survival games. This allows much more focus on more important things you'd like to achieve while exploring, building or crafting.I normally do not write reviews, however figured I would since I need to wait anyway for friend to wake his♥♥♥♥♥up so we can continue playing our game. I purchased this game via Summer Sale, but would have purchased it at full price if I had known about it."
,Recommended,242760,34246696,Posted: 14 August,all,KyleJames0408,"Hello Fellow Survivors,I strongly suggestThe Forestto anyone looking for a great cooperative game! Personally, the story is pretty good and the atmosphere makes it feel realistic enough. Although the story is good, my friend and I basically just love exploring and building! The games building method is insanely addicting, the story is less enthralling when playing with a friend. Cooperative games really just lead to fighting huge mutants and building to defend ourselves. It's honestly one of the greatest survival games standing alone, and even better once you account for the story! I strongly recommend the game itself, but it's much more fun with friends!-Kyle James"
,Recommended,242760,23951244,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Emma Watson,"Very nice work on the game! Developers are keeping it freesh whith common updates! Gameplay, graphics 10/10 I really enyoj playing it! Everyone schould own this game!"
,Recommended,242760,24737711,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Razzatron,"Such a good game, simply brilliant, so good thast I am getting it for my friend to play co op with!"
,Recommended,242760,24829082,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,OVERDOSE,"An amazing survival game, where you can explore through caves or run across plains. From shooting down a deer with your bow you made out of sticks and cloth, or grab at oysters at the beautiful ocean. But be warned! Monsters crawl around, and can attack at any minute (unless you have a cheatcode activated, of course) At the blink of an eye, your life could be taken with one swipe from one of the powerful mutants. The island is contaminated with these, some angry, some passive, but never fully peaceful.An incredible game! I find that multiplayer makes it more fun, because I don't necessarily enjoy single player games for too long. Stab your pals and play tug-of-war with a human leg, you decide. Fight over which gets to cook the body, or who gets to keep the lizard skin!Despite the glitches, the game is amazing, and I really hope it keeps improving. I suggest more fur armors, like jackets and hoods that you can create out of pelts and furs.And, of course, make the cannibals less glitchy, and make them smarter. (No offense to those man-eaters, right there.)"
,Recommended,242760,28891890,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,낙룡 [Nuolong],"The most fun I've had in a long time in a game.Has some bugs but not game-breaking one, and is expected of anyways since it's EA.Multiplayer works awesomely, I've been playing with a couple of other friends in the same world for a couple of days now and we're having a blast~I see a lot more hours of fun that can come out of this~ we're still having fun exploring and building our base when we haven't even touched the story yet. Not to mention cutting up cannibals that attack us and eating them for easy food.Looking forward to all the content to come! Such a fun game for one that isn't even finished!"
,Recommended,242760,24819844,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,MeijinKino,"AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME. Open world adventure in a mysterious land. No instruction manual, but somewhat of a reference guide on the environment around you (which keeps expanding the more you discover, the guide, not the land*).The story is very light so far; you're stranded on this unknown land due to your plane crashing, your son is taken by the natives, and you gotta make yourself boss to fend off the zombie-like people roaming around (which are mostly naked...yes, even women) *interest spark*.It isn't a hack and slash, you must time your attacks precisely- and even though not hard, it can be very punishing (similar to Dark Souls series) were you must play smart between taking hits, healing and reacting to the enemy attacks.Practically anything and everything can be gathered and crafted into something. A decent amount of weapon choices: spears, axes, swords, explosives, exc. catapults, tree houses, water houses, bombs, booby traps, skull bombs all included***The best thing is that the developers are still working on it and plan on adding more awesome things. Multiplayer is pretty fun, jump into your friends' games or invite them to yours to create villages of awesomeness. Graphics are very good considering the budget on this game.well what are you waiting for mate? buy it!"
,Recommended,242760,24925085,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Maddie,"10/10 Masterpiece. Has everything players want in a game, reasonable price, revolutionary AI and Player interaction and heck of a lot of fun. Total blast definetly worth it. Don't take my word for it try it and see the magic yourselves.This game literarly has provided me with the most memoriable gaming moment in my life. I was out looking for supplies in a cannibal village when I saw a bunchof cannibals grouped together. I saw them doing some sort of ritual and heard what appeared to be chants. I was scared obiously since I am playing on hard and getting spotted would have been the end of me, but also amazed by what this game's mechanics can offer. Keep up the good work this is an awesome game."
,Recommended,242760,25006083,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Lethal Bacon,"The games great, but plenty of reviews to tell you that. lets give a big round of applause to the Devs. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥they are awesome, the first dev team i've seen coming out with bug patches consistantly the day they release a new update. That alone IMHO deserves a purchase.You guys rock keep up the good work!!!"
,Recommended,242760,27464721,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[BMT] ikSam*,"总体来说非常棒，开放你的想象. 游戏很有趣，有趣是和同伴们一起玩，一个人玩可能比较无聊，纪念通过剧情, 就算过了剧情还是可以玩的乐趣.Awesome Game.  Let me tell you a bit1multiplayer is really good work2lot of fun with your friend and play together3You can explore what ever you want4You can build any style buiding and traps5You can also change the forest and live wellhope someone be help with my conduct list . have fun :)"
,Recommended,242760,24779151,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,YayDude123 [FF],"Interesting AI, you'll probably never run out of places to explore, eerie atmosphere, scary enemies, awesome crafting system. Over all, I give this game 10/10. And now, it has AN ENDING."
,Recommended,242760,29833569,Posted: 10 February,all,Bloodgod,I bought this game for a friend of mine and we played it together.. actually i've never saw him like a game that much.. It's very fun to play and you have a lot of choices to make.. rather you just want to build a big castle in the trees to be save or just want to slaughter all canibals and make them into bloody statues and eat what is left.. i prefer the second one... if you're into survival horror games then just buy it.. and maybe play it with friends thats a lot of fun. There might be some bugs but these always get fixed pretty fast so dont worry about that.. The creator adds new stuff and works on the game pretty much too so thats good to... anyway. If you like that stuff buy it.
76561197972526618,Recommended,242760,34709368,Posted: 3 September,all,Jahaa,"Very good exploration and surviving game.Regularly updated and enhanced by the time. Good work from the developpers and definitely getting better and better !But if you don't like horror, it's creepy so beware !"
76561198312627614,Recommended,242760,24987608,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TOMEI VAC!!!!!,Extremely good for those who like survival(real survival) game. The horror is very breathtaking aswellEXTREMELY GOOD!
76561198295751249,Recommended,242760,28972820,Posted: 3 January,all,SNOTKL@P,"I already have over 280 hours on this game. The gameplay mechanics, crafting mechanism are very good. What I really liked about this game is that the island is very ""alive"". With factors such as rain, wind, animal & insect noises it feels like you are on the island yourself.The multiplayer or co-op is also very good, I have made tons of friends on while playing together and helping each other survive. The only con that I can think of is that there are still bugs and that the game is still in alpha mode. The storyline was also completed and I like the twist.This game was one of my best investments when it comes to survival games and has set a new benchmark when it comes to quality. I would recommend this to everyone who likes survival games."
76561198265934746,Recommended,242760,25003524,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Ameliorist,"geez, this game is 10 f****** 10. Haven't played in a while, not because it grew boring but simple due to all those sales thats been going on. i played this game on my s***** laptop so its laggy as hell but it was still worth it for me. Now looking back at this a couple months later and they updated this game like hell. You seriously dont often see indie developers this dedicated to a game. Im happy that i bought this game full price(cuz i just got my laptop and wanted something to play) because i know the money is being well used to improve thier game."
,Recommended,242760,34665898,Posted: 1 September,all,Riddlewrong,"The Forest is a fun exploration/survival game with an interesting story and great progression -- just don't overstay your welcome.The survival elements are great: You need to eat, drink, and sleep in order to have the energy to perform tasks like cutting down trees, building a settlement, hunting, gathering, running from cannibals, etc. Everything is interconnected in such a way that it truly feels like there is a survival economy that needs to be respected and maintained.The cannibals are scary, and more importantly, they are potentially very dangerous. There is a bit of a hiccup, though. The aggression of the cannibals is linked to a few different factors. The most obvious one is that if you attack them and some of them escape, the tribe will become aware of you as a threat and start sending out heavier patrols. The more conflict you have with them, the worse it gets. In addition, if you have an impact on the environment such as cutting down trees, this will also raise aggression. Lastly, if you explore the caves and progress the story, the aggression will yet again rise.It's really fun to run into new cannibal types and even mutants, but if you're not careful, it can get WAY out of control. No matter how strong your defenses are, at max aggression the conflict you have with the cannibals is an all outwarthat you can never truly win because cannibal spawns are infinite. There are a number of traps in the game, but you can't really make effective use of them outside of wooded areas. If you build a base on the beach or in a clearing, for example, your traps will be almost useless. Cannibalsavoidtraps unless they blend in with the environment at least somewhat. Most traps are made out of logs, so it makes sense that they're triggered much more often when you set them near trees. If you just put a trap on the ground out in the open, they'll run around it 100% of the time. They're clever like that. Also, they dodge a lot in melee and get behind you. Like, way more than you might expect. Fighting them takes practice. Very nimble, those cannibals.Regardless, at high aggression levels, the cannibals will eventually launch constant attacks on your base with large numbers of fairly strong cannibals and mutants, even in broad daylight. At that point, they'll even attack your base when you're not there! Meanwhile, you don't really get any weaponry to deal with large scale assaults like that. You'll be forced to take potshots at them with a bow from your towers (which can quickly be knocked down by a mutant, might I add) or lob molotovs and kite while you slash at things who get too close to you. It's not impossible to fend them off, but it becomes a serious chore, especially if you're solo.The point is, if you play the game as a survival sim and don't try to actually finish the story, you will get to a point where exploring the island is a huge hassle because the patrols and enemy strength eventually become ridiculous. This is what I meant by overstaying your welcome.If you want to get the most enjoyment out of this game as a solo player or duo, I suggest keeping it simple and building a few tiny hunting camps around the peninsula. The small raft is probably one of the most useful things you can build, especially if you have camps near water. Avoid fighting cannibals on the surface, and concentrate on exploring the landscape. The less aggressive you get with them, the easier it'll be to get things done. Find the caves, go down into them, get scared senseless, and search thoroughly. 90% of the game's story and progression is a result of exploring the caves for clues and unique items needed to continue to areas you couldn't reach before."
76561198074671324,Recommended,242760,17141659,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,King Arthur,>Start the game and decide to set up on the beach>Decide to build a bonfire>Mutants attack my camp anyway>Start a bodypile next to bonfire>Seagulls really enjoy decomposing corpses>They all start flying into the bonfire>I now have an unlimited supply of feathers and arrows cause of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ seagull trap10/10 would accidentally mass murder seagulls again
,Recommended,242760,18348000,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Green Life Saver,"For a while this game was incredibly buggy; to the point of being unplayable. To some, it may still seem this way. However, if you look at it more objectively you see that most of it isn't buggy. The only two awful bugs that they absolutely NEED to fix to make this game work is the fact that there are some world holes around ponds, and that sometimes you fall down ropes (NOTE: The rope glitch has been fixed). Otherwhise, the AI, the combat, the crafting, everything other than those two things, works marvelously. The only thing that The Forest is currently lacking in is bug fixing, and content. Two things which it SHOULD be lacking in, at this point in the game.Also the Developers are ♥♥♥♥ing great.But anyway, onto the reasons I love the game itself.The thing that really stood out to me wasn't the pretty graphics, or the creepy cannibals, or the survival aspect, it was the cannibal's AI. There are SO many things that the cannibals react and adapt to. I'll give a few examples1: The Cannibals can be somewhat reasoned with - The first few times you see the cannibals, especially if you are NEAR the plane (they see you as less hostile the closer to the plane you are) they aren't there to kill you, or even hurt you. They come to check you out, see if you're a threat, and they'll probably just leave you alone if you're not too much of a threat. For instance, as long as you make sure they are in your line of sight, you don't back up to their advances, or go towards them threateningly, they won't attack. If they run to you and attack once, block it, and then if they attack again, they will ACTUALLY mean to fight. Sometimes they just want to see if they can land a hit, and will back off after you block it. Cutting down trees, overhunting, and overbuilding also makes them more hostile. Hiding your fires from view makes them less hostile as well, as they hate fire. There are many other things that make them more/less hostile, but I myself don't know many anyway. The last, most noteable thing is that if you overhunt, and do things to bother the cannibals, and if you let survivors that spot you get away, they will send raiding parties of increasing numbers after you, until they finally get tired of you surviving them, and send the creepy, huge monsters that are in the trailer at you2: The Combat Is Realistic, and the AI isn't bad at all, especially for an Alpha game - The Forest's combat, while a bit wonky (especially with player versus player) looks fine from first person; it seems heavy hitting, and brutal, with each of your hits knocking the cannibals back, occasionally knocking teeth out. And while the blocking system is currently a bit over powered (you literally can just hold the block button and take 0 damage from hits, provided you have the stamina), they are fixing it slowly; it can't be easy to make a game balanced. The AI acts exactly how you'd expect feral, animal like cannibals to strike at you. They run at you, hit once or twice, then back off because they're frightened of you. (Note this is for the ones that look like little Gollums.)3: The Variety of Cannibals - This one is a bit of a list, but these tribes compete, and often fight. This also includes the fact that there are a finite number of cannibals in the Forest; they run out eventually.1 Starvers: These are the gollum lookin' dudes I was talking about. They are feral, creepy, and like to laugh maniacally. They are also weak, quick, and probably one of the easiest enemies in the game2 The White Cannibals?: Not sure what their real name is, but they are white skinned to the point of being pale as hell, they are one of the more civilised cannibal tribes, and will do the aforementioned out-checking of you (they're less hostile than the Starvers) They kinda look like aliens sometimes.3 The Brown Cannibals?: Also not sure; these look like normal humans, entirely, they are also more peaceful, and are fairly strong, along with the White Cannibals.4 The Mutants: Ok here's where we get creepy; these are the huge, multi-limbed animals that like to smash your defenses, and are incredibly difficult to kill. You need fire to kill these bad boys. They come in two categories: The Virginia (Aka spider mutants, they have many legs and are quick, blind, and creepy as hell) and the Octopus Mutants: Which have many many arms, and are strong and chargy.5 Not sure if these deserve their own category, but they are incredibly creepy and sometimes kinda deadly: Mutant Babies. They are deformed monsters that jump at you, and make creepy noises. They are in caves solely.I might edit this to put in more cons as I see them, but for now the only real thing that they need to fix is the two world breaking bugs, the blocking system, and adding some more content as well as making boats actually viable. This game is great, but you might want to wait until it comes out."
,Recommended,242760,16233709,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,☜☆TheMalasti YouTube☆☞,"Good morning, that game is so good but if this game will get optimization for multiplayer it gonna be better!!!"
76561198271887956,Recommended,242760,21934753,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,itsRoach14,best game i have ever played
76561197995198569,Recommended,242760,29643492,Posted: 1 February,all,MaximusAA-ron,"Immersive, scary, good story, and addictive.  Not easy like others have said; I've died many times on my playthorugh.  My only small con is that I wish there was more items to craft.  Other than that, I'm glad I played this game."
,Recommended,242760,10288424,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,LeviathanIX,"I've only just walked around and run through some of the tute stuff, but it's a great game so far! Nice scenery, vibrant sounds and I can see a lot of potential - far more than what I saw from the trailers. It's $15 dollars guys, perfectly worth it IMO."
76561198042817888,Recommended,242760,10304488,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Duuck,"Really fun Open world horror Sanbox building  game to play. atm theres a bugg so you cant save your game, it really ruins the game but it will hopefully get fixed. for now its only singelplayer but in the future they will add multiplayer so that will be a really big and fun emprovement."
,Recommended,242760,23277506,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,m lyes,"This game is one of the best survival games to date. I am addicted to this game, I wake up at 5am to play it. The natrual envornments are very realistic, I've done restoration work for a few summers so I know what Nature looks like and this is one of the best representations of it in a video game. This game is still in Alpha and its this good, I can't wait for it to be even better when the full version is relased."
76561198041558855,Recommended,242760,10425149,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,seeya,You can't carry anymore raw fish10/10 recommended
,Recommended,242760,10763004,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SnapeVN,best game. but i think it need a co-op. i don't like play alone :(. very fear
76561198062999942,Recommended,242760,30227433,Posted: 27 February,all,Rakish From India,"I dont like the name ""The Forest"" , doesnt fit in this game.Something more suitable would be ""There Once Was A Forest"" or ""The Deforestation""ps. thx happy :P"
76561198098836088,Recommended,242760,11520662,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,VileVemon,"I Can not wait for this game...... to be complete alot of other gamers have suggested great idea's. Like more animals more weapons . this game could be one of the greatest games of all time if the developers listen to the gamers even if its only a few idea's Me myself give the game a 8/10 rating  knowing it is in alpha. rating for not finished. thats one thing to keep in mind to any other gamers who want to buy this game, Its a amazing game with a great feel so just imagine what is install for us who do support the game Great job 10/10 to the team who made this game possible"
,Recommended,242760,16368521,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Silwfalk.cfg,Awwwwwwwwwwwwesome game. Fine there are some few bugs with the fires not actually showing any light and stuff but it's still EAG. Played it 3/5 hours straight with a friend. Really addictive and fun. DEFINETLY RECOMMEND!
76561198003325820,Recommended,242760,13046248,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,bloodking0,"The Forest or as I would rather it be called ""Teeth collection Simulator 2014"" is great. If you have ever wanted to run around an island inhabited by hundereds of poor defencless naked cannibals, slicing their faces off with an axe and desecrating their corpses, then The Forest is the game for you.Show those poor cannibals how its done."
76561198120662040,Recommended,242760,10294232,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,KornFlakes,i got rekt buy a massive hentai monster20/10
,Recommended,242760,12930986,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Br3akn3ck,"Amazing game, graphics superb, very little bugs, amazingly done, how it works is awesome, sadly you can't save your game. well you can but once you turn off your computer you can never play on that world again sadly, that is what happened to me anyways, sad.......... BUT STILL AN AMAZING GAMERating: 11/10"
,Recommended,242760,13817210,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jukedz,"the cannibals kept coming at me with groups of 8 and scared me on the first few nights so i went and chopped down some trees and made a house, and then they never came again and now i have a world of things, i love this game would recommend"
,Recommended,242760,10315685,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,s0viet ッ,I beat a mutant to death with his own partner's leg11/10
76561198085372168,Recommended,242760,13263556,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Wobbly Dan,I thought one of the females was trying to sleep with me. i was very wrong she bit my♥♥♥♥♥♥off. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,11763523,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,何嘉欣,"Cook a lizard, and log cabin disappeared.11/10"
,Recommended,242760,10510371,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,NBRED,I beat a man to death with his wife's leg 11/10
76561198104313035,Recommended,242760,14283968,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,GAINZ LORD,"its like Stranded Deep but more mutants, land, and the sharks are only dead on beaches"
,Recommended,242760,25161154,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,King Pikachu,"The Forest is by no doubt my favorite survial game everIt's not the best optimized and well made game ever, but it more than makes up for it with it's enjoyable gameplay, uniqe setting, great coop experience and insane immersion.Setting/Concept/Gameplay:The Forest is a fresh mix of minecraft styled gathering, base building, survival and cannibals (NOT THE USUAL OVER USED ZOMBIE THING). The game starts out with you the player experiencing a plane crash and then waking up alone as the only survivor. What you decide do after that is more or less up to you!For refrence you can.....Go out and find and explore one of the many cave systems hidden around the forest.Build an comfortable wodden cabin and enjoy the rich wild life.Complete the objectives (theres only a few) note that theres alot more to do than just the list.Pick up the spear and hunt down every single one of those bloddy cannibals.(The developers are adding more things to do every once and then) So don't expect a full story soon---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Sound/Graphics/Immersion:Audio:The sound design is bloody amazing, everything from the sound off rain to the occean sounds realistic.Visuals:The graphics looks extremly good for something early acess, the forest enviorment is just gorgeous (Aside from a few uncommon visual glitches)Immersion:This is in my opinion the best executed part off the game, things takes along time to build,  there's traps, treehouses, boats and alot more to build. You also get this feeling off always being hunted and tracked down by your enemies.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Technical/Engine/Optimization(Please take this with a grain of salt as im aware off that most off those issues will be fixed before the final release)Performance wise The Forest runs really smooth(60-144 FPS with an gtx 970 and AMD 8350 Stock speed on high settings with 2560x1080p resolution)The big problem here though is the glitches, they are many and often game breaking. Those glitches ranges from falling trough the ground to torches not lighing etc.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Verdict:The Forest is for sure a potentional gem if they fix the techinal issus aswell as adding more substance to the story/objective off the game :D"
,Recommended,242760,10294258,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Blooming Onion,"very neat game, I picture this game being amazing once it finished."
76561198064383255,Recommended,242760,20578696,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,FaLL Vanish,"Ok so to start, this game is constantly updating and is always looking for ways to improve. The creators of the game really care about the community too. I've posted loads of feedback/errors and most of the time, someone whos created the game or just the fan base responds quickly. If no one responds they go ahead and release a hotfix to fix the issue. The game is in alpha but who cares, buy it now and watch The Forest rise to its undoubted potential. seriously though xDThe game requires a decent pc to run, but all this will be fixed with optimization over time, so nothing to worry about there. I have a GTX 770 and an i5 3570 and have no problem running the game 60 FPS while recording. Think of this game as GTA 5 ( the open world aspect ) meets minecraft ( the survival aspect ) having a baby naming it johnny but then legally changing it to The Forest and constantly feeding it more and more updates to make it better. And there you have The Forest. I don't recommend this game, i honestly think everyone should own it. Like i said GTA meets minecraft. But in all seriousness its minecraft on steroids and some other drug taken from sweet savory squid intestines and pork tenderloin. Ok so with all that aside, you're all going to buy this game and if you dont like it, well to be honest... i dont know whats wrong with you <3"
,Recommended,242760,11865668,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,JPrins,"Love. This. Game.It's scary, fast and totally open world!"
,Recommended,242760,33079648,Posted: 1 July,all,Hijikata311#2681,the best
,Recommended,242760,10326012,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Pluto,Chopped a tree down with a wooden spear.  10/10
76561198057842211,Recommended,242760,14996396,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,KeonHuffie,"such a good game, but needs to work on how quick the cannibals arrive to your location and the multiplayer, myself and some friends play the multiplayer but i cant seem to see any sharks or fish"
76561198085972840,Recommended,242760,18216962,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,pena,uhhh so good whit homies
,Recommended,242760,15119787,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Aster Redux,I jacked off to the female and spider cannibals.This is what my life has come to.No regrets.
,Recommended,242760,10290578,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,EE,You can chop down trees with a spear.10/10
,Recommended,242760,11544175,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,{G.I.T.V} ♛Legendary Villain♛,"Even at such an early stage in development, this game shows potential to set a new standard for survival-horror games.Built a small fort, started a fire, got attacked by cannibals, ATTACKED THE CANNIBALS BACK AND MADE AN EFFIGY OF DEAD BODY PARTS!!"
76561198019536813,Recommended,242760,21795040,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Cú,"Loots planeBuilds baseDays passWakes up one day realizing base is next to cannibals baseImmediately turns around and gangbanged by cannibal tribeWake up undergroundFights to freedomClimbs out of cave, barely aliveEaten by randomly spawned cannibalAccepts that life is just a Lovecraftian nightmarePlays again"
76561198355341650,Recommended,242760,33372577,Posted: 8 July,all,RobertDoge_YT,"its a nice game ,"
76561198118795661,Recommended,242760,11387728,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,StarFord,"This game is... in development. Really its a great concept, and is currently on its V.o4 patch; and thats why i'm not going to judge it for having its bugs. This is a game where you crash land in an unknown ""Forest"" and survive as long as possible. For $15 I certainly don't regret my purchase.However as I'd stated above it has its bugs but they a progressively being worked out. (Also this game includes an update tracker, that tells you when the next sceduled patch is) If you are thinking about buying this and bugs or glitches♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, don't buy this game (Yet) because you will experience an abundance of them. Other than that its a great game if you love surviveing in a Forest full of flesh eating cannables, and mutants. I do recomend this game and good luck. -Star[4/5] stars"
76561198123465333,Recommended,242760,17094937,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,timi,Awesome!!
,Recommended,242760,12957872,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Zippo,Guy wouldnt die after me and my friend kept hitting him.We used this glitch to get infinite teeth.10/10
76561198009422194,Recommended,242760,10486807,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Death Assured,The best survival game I have played to date.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10467678,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Hutser,"First run through I got my camp set up near all of unusable tents, had a fire going, and everything was alright until it began to rain. I needed sleep, so I slept and woke up in pitch-black darkness with rain still pouring down. Back to sleep, wake up and it's still dark and raining; repeat about four more times trying to find the day until I got ambushed, sent to the cave, and found the glitchy little crevice behind the dead man on the table then fell to my death under the map. I'm pretty sure I got beaten to death with a dead seagull when I was trying to build a basic shelter on the beach on my second try. When I got back, I saw a lone tribal on the beach. he tilted his head back and let out a high-pitched shriek and then  saw a group five tribals run out of the woods onto the beach; I assume the two actions were related, I hope that they were. I was terrified getting off the plane at the start not knowing how to do anything and jumping at every sound afraid of being rushed by tribesmen, it was so much fun. This game may be in development, and it may be full of bugs and glitches, but it was so worth the $15 dollars. Cannot wait to see it progress."
76561198074284927,Recommended,242760,12237905,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,G.Mitchell,super boss game 10/10 fun fun game got flare gun and fort made traps a blazeing fools tring to jack my style but the were termanatied bye my boss flare gun and bow so after the battle i said gotta go pro like a go pro. ;)
,Recommended,242760,10467899,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,The PMS Beast,"I love this game so far even alpha version.  I hope they don't dumb it down for those complaining about needing more tutorials...it needs none, just more expansion which they have planned.  love this survival game..its one of a kind."
76561198023739857,Recommended,242760,10546400,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MeowMeowlington,"Loving this game, May be in Alpha but is very playable. I am very impressed with this  game.Still loving this game!Devs are putting out regular full of content updates and hot fixes in between updates.Only getting better and better and now with multiplayer its a winner!Now 2016 still playing this game and excited for story update coming soon :)"
76561198069603522,Recommended,242760,11373289,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,✯ Husky Blade ✯,I honestly love this game and have spent hours just trying to build and survive. I would recommend it to anybody 10/10
,Recommended,242760,20279911,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,=BA= Sniper4690,"So far on what I have played, it's very good. It has a lot of potential and the exploring aspect of it is pretty good. The only problems that seriously prevent me from playing is the save bug. Where when you host, everyone else has to save first and then leave and then the host saves, otherwise if the host saves first it'll bug the save. This needs to be one of the more higher priority. This save bug is a pain as me and a group of friends just spent 8 hours on two different games because of this bug (and the game randomly crashed with a runtime error). Now I know we should save more often but it really hinders things when people all have to stop what they are doing, save, and then leave so the host can save so the game can be loaded again. Other than that this was really the only game breaking bug we have found. For an alpha it's pretty good apart from the bugs I've mentioned. I also forgot to mention that it runs very well, you don't see many newer games being as smooth anymore it seems."
,Recommended,242760,33157400,Posted: 2 July,all,DisablingBabe,"I really enjoy this game, it has very realistic survival tactics and ways of gathering items, the story line. Is absolutely amazing, I have finished the story multiple times with different groups of friends showing them everything this game has to offer, and they all really enjoy it. I 100% recommend this game if you enjoy survival, horror, exploration, and building. This game has it all! Mutiplayer even runs well. :D"
,Recommended,242760,11234223,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,xJaguaaR,"Great game, this is what a good survival/horror should look like."
,Recommended,242760,26634815,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,FURYY,Its a good game if you play it with your friends.And its cheap.And it has kinda good graphics.And it can run on your pc in medium settings.
,Recommended,242760,10305181,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Rakons,"The awkward moment when you are cutting a tree, and you hit a seagull."
76561198064464250,Recommended,242760,13755635,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sgt Bum Boy,"Your alone in the forrest! ... well you wish you was..for starters if you like the movie The Descent (i loved it) you will enjoy this gameThere is something about this game that feel soo real and its very easy to get totally imersed in the world and you start to live out your Castaway dessert island fantasy(well untill the cannibals show up) very enjoyable and scary, keeping you on your toes constantly. The sound is spot on and this with the very well done world; sky, ocean, dappled sunlight through the trees at dawn...Spot Onanother thing i noticed is the physics, although clunky at times had a real feel to it. you certainly dont ever feel invincible which i liked. I have not tried multiplayer co op yet and think it will be even more fun!Overall i have enjoyed the alpha and am very excited about future content and the full version, i do really hope the developers have enopugh time to fulfill the potential of this visually beautiful, challenging, satisfying and scary game."
,Recommended,242760,13679232,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Legio Victor,"This game has a ""few"" glitches. Good game if you like slaughtering primitive cultures and being a legend in the lumberjack buisness.So, after all these years i've still played it, it hasnt changed that much, maybe rubbing out a few bugs? i just finished the actual game. I will be honest with you being in ""that"" place freaked me out. So in my updated review if you're looking for a a few good nights with friends kicking back and relaxing with a pretty good endgame, buy this game. I swear who did the last level, kodos to you. Well done. I will most certainly, after all these years, recommend this game for single player but co-op, more"
76561198093317515,Recommended,242760,13922146,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,doin dem dank drifts,You're simply a lumberjack getting chased by naked canibalistic child-predators
,Recommended,242760,13678261,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,乙 | JahnMan,"Love this game so far, personally I find it much more fun and impressive than Rust.The game is pretty glitchy at the moment though and has all the normal Early Acess Problems.There's not much you can do after you build the highest teir stuff, and make a base, then you just kinda see how long you can go without falling out of your tree house, but as they add more stuff the game will be far better than Rust, which i regret buying.Goods:- Amazing graphics- Good Crafting system- Easy menu- Co-op is great with freinds- Interesting enemy AIBads:- Long load times- Early access bugs ( Things sinking through ground etc. )If you are okay with waiting for updates then I definitly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,242760,28692587,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FuscusNight,"The amount of survival games we've gotten over these past few years is staggering , vast majority of which turned out to be complete utter garbage even after 2 or 3 years of development.The Forest i'd say is one of the few that turned out good over the years and had actually made good meaningful progress, this and the lone dark are probably the  two only survival games of these types I'd recommend checking out.On my first day i pretty much played the game for 11 hours straight with my bf and we couldn't stop, honestly apart from some janky boat/raft physics we experienced, the game almost feels fully finished  yet it still says it's in alpha 0.52, heck the game even has a full on ending now, so it's not just surviving an x amount of days till' yo get bored or die, you do have an objective, one which is rather difficult and will take time to do unless you just  look up youtube guides but  that removes the fun and surprise of exploring the world and its  horrifyingly scary dark a** caves.Probably the bigest reason i'm loving it is because it's a survival game where the enviroment is actually dangerous and f*cking scary as hell to the player, unlike most of these types of games where the enviroment is usually just a minor annoyance while other players are the main thing to fight always, and that's thanks to the game being focused on Co-op/solo play. So yeah no PVP at all, either play solo or co-operate with other players, granted I'd never recommend joining random lobbies, my strong suggestion is to try and get a friend to play it with you but if you can't, rather stick to solo play instead of dealing with strangers online.Visualy the game looks fantastic with some really gorgeous looking lighting effects and foliage that reacts to everything in the world, everytime the wind blows strong and i see and hear the trees leaning and cracking above me it just sends a chill down my spine. It also runs pretty well on my mid-range system that has a now old 760 GTX 2GB, usually sticking around the 40 to 60 fps marks on High visuals quality with pretty much all the bells and whistles [part from SSAO] turned on in a 1080p resolution.One more thing, something i mentioned earlier but want to say it again ; The game is scary as hell during a lot of moments and i love it, this is the first survival game where i genuinly got pi** a** scared due to the excelent atomsphere,sound design and just general unsetling moments it can have as you explore some areas. It pretty much enters full on survival horror and it's bloody fantastick.If you love survival games, you'll love it, if you also love horror, you'll love it even more. This is the 2nd survival game in early acces which I'd say is actually worth your time and money. It's cheaper then vast majority of its competitors that usually cost 20 euros or more and can it drop as low as just 10 euros during sales. This game beats DayZ's,Rust's,Ark's and many others a** in my opinion. I'd also recommend looking into the Long Dark which is the other survival game i mentioned that I'd wholeheartedly recommend checking out."
,Recommended,242760,12241223,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"You wake to find your son being stolen from you.The first thing you can do is make an effigy out of human body parts.""WELL! My son is kidnapped by cannibals... Let's make a leg statue!""It's fun and all but, c'mon; what's really the point in making an effigy...? Why can you make them the second you get off the plane? Was the character that nuts all along??I dunno how to feel about this game. Part of me wants to love it, part of me wants to sorta like it.5/8"
,Recommended,242760,10288786,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,TheCrackerBros,"This game already has amazing potential. Although it currently has tons of bugs and needs some polishing, I recommend it to anyone who enjoys survival games OR horror games."
76561198077702049,Recommended,242760,10289303,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Carnage,"I'm just going to say that I understand that this is an alpha and an early access game so any negatives I may mention are simply highlights of the main problems that I think should be dealt with sooner rather than later. Its got really good mechanics, it's a very natural and beautiful looking game and has a nice cosy feel to it - it seems to flow quite nicely. It's just I can see it getting a bit repetitive and especially because the likelihood of getting anywhere is slim as the cannibals appear at my base in less than a day (and also whenever I dismember the dead cannibals they tend to explode which killed me midway through my first effigy). Aside from that though it lives up to the hype - it's scary, eerie, and also quite lonely save for the odd turtle or lizard. Also as a side note the rather safe log cabin assembles itself in mid air (not sure if it moves to the ground when finished because I haven't been able to accumulate 82 logs yet). It is a game that would be worth playing at night as it would create a great atmosphere as well as the fact that it might be easier to see things as the in-game brightness can make this quite difficutlt (logical when you're in a cave I know but it does tend to take away the inquisitive nature of the game if you have to study something meticulously up close with a very weak lighter just to see what it actually is). The cannibals themselves though I expected to sort of become more brave and dangerous as the game progressed which i'm sure is the aim in the next few patches, but at present they attack straight away and the fact that they spawned at my base on multiple occasions whilst I was out collecting logs also made it very difficult for me to progress as I couldn't then access my gear. Overall I would say that a few tweaks of the above mentioned issues would make the game worthy of a fuller release were they tackled correctly and with the few developers there are it is a momentous achievement to have produced such an immersive experience so far - I can't wait for what's to come! Keep it up :)"
76561198132843461,Recommended,242760,10288765,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Jelloprah Winfrey,Lighters that dont stay lit are scary.10/10
,Recommended,242760,26903570,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Edson,One of my favourite games in recent times. Super in depth with lots of features (especially since it's in alpha). All bugs are understandable and at the minute add a certain 'charm' to the game. Updates are weekly and full of changes/new features. Multi-player is a lot of fun too! 10/10 would highly recommend. Especially if you have a friend or two to play it with as well!
,Recommended,242760,34377310,Posted: 20 August,all,Sprout,"This is by far one of the most unique and fun to play survival games..all the things you can do is honestly endless.Want to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the native cannibals by killing their families, taking their body parts, settings them on a stake outside your base and putting it on fire? Go ahead.Want to explore the depths of caves and dwell into the story behind the game, figuring out what really is going on here? Maybe find your son who was lost after the plane crash? Go aheadYou can do everything with up to 8 friends, it's really a ride that I recommend anyone looking for a VERY FUN creative and SCARY experience to try out!Way better than any survival game out right now.10/10"
,Recommended,242760,18082214,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,B.A.D. ~Vegan w/a shotgun,"Ever since it's first early alpha release I have been obsessed with this game. The visuals and stunning the developers went above and beyond to create a living breathing forest atmosphere for players to explore. With simulated weather, altitites, wild life etc the game really immerses players into the island world.As a survival horror, this game takes player surival and believability seriously one of the most realistic survival games I've ever played. Players will be required to keep tabs on their hunger, temperature, thirst levels and infections to survive after their plane has crashed landed. Clean drinking water becomes the upmost importance for players as thirst is constantly going down, and most streams/ponds are poisoned.The game has an amazing crafting system and surivival book for notes and tips on how players can survive and what crafting options they have. Most people have likely already seen videos of the tree cutting, but guys, guys! YOU ACTUALLY CUT DOWN THE TREES. You fell them, with your tools and they fall. Brilliant. Seriously guys we've been gathering pixelated resources for years and trees have never actually fallen.Go buy this game! DO IT! Story mode is coming, but for now multiplayer survival horror is brilliant. If you aren't a fan of survival games, then maybe this isn't the game for you. You are literally stranded on an island so you spend a lot of time in nature trying not to die, which is challenging and rewarding but I can see how some people in this COD erra want more'action'. There is combat and enemies in this game, but for most players the best strategie to to run, avoid, hide and build until you have a secure location to wage war."
,Recommended,242760,33447020,Posted: 10 July,all,mightydingo100,"Didn't know what to expect when I first started. Waking up after a plane wreck and immediately I'm chopping trees and chomping cannibal legs... Crafting system? Awesome. Having trouble hauling all of those pesky logs? Make a ♥♥♥♥ing log sled. Trouble with all those large rocks in your pockets? Go fetch some twigs and make a nifty rock collection. Water? Go kill a turtle, he's got your back if you have his! Gameplay is solid, a huge map to navigate, creepy critters and even creepier nude, flesh craving mongloids!!! Falling more and more in love one bunny murder at a time.Graphics: 10Gameplay: 9, little glitchy but to be expected.Audio: 10, when they scream, you will cream.I give this game 9 out of 10 inbreds."
,Recommended,242760,22786582,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,burrito,"If you like survival/horror games, The Forest is the game for you- Eli"
76561198066757522,Recommended,242760,24235423,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mini_Pwnage,Good game. Great with friends. Dont fall into pit of doom.
,Recommended,242760,23198537,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Biwa Gaku,It's nice game.You can see natural view when you want.
76561198125267990,Recommended,242760,22790858,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Jakub,"Awesome game , exciting , recalls the film ""The Descent "" . I advise everyone who likes horror and adventure."
,Recommended,242760,24434833,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,♛MercyKill♚,"Pretty fun game, I'll tell you what you need to know.1. It's a simple enough game with easy controls.2. You're finally getting out of the house and exploring nature.3. Get this if you like being scared. Best jump-scares I've seen.4. Hunting could use some work, but nothing too bad.5. The crafting is pretty easy and fast to learn.6. The building is pretty fun but limited, which is ok.8. I need people to play with.Great game so far, I can spend a lot more time in this game and I will. 6/10 Stunning game"
76561198182078293,Recommended,242760,22344037,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Lord_Molo,"This is actually the best survival game I've ever played. Even though it has bugs and crap, it's still in early access, so that will most likely change. Besides that it's a fun, actionpacked, creepy game. It's building is very fun although sometimes hard to set some things up right. It is so scary, yet so fun exploring in caves and seeing giant mutant creatures. The animation for cutting down trees is really nice, it has a great crafting system, and relatively good graphic. I definitly recommend this game to anyone looking for a creepy survival game. 10/10."
76561198290521060,Recommended,242760,24308394,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Heather Fae,I love this game so much i cant wait to see more into it
76561198086716258,Recommended,242760,17483082,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,SadMusic,"liked: It's fun fighting the mutants, until they all come at you and shrek your base.disliked: the bug where cannibals somehow enter your walled base.  Yeah that one and animals in clipmode all the time.69/10 when you shrek the cannibals in your area there is an infinite food supply."
76561198010711904,Recommended,242760,17242024,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,boonsketti,>Crash landed on island.>Pulled axe from the chest of the flight wench>Remember my fail on my first playthrough where I ignored all supplies in the plane. Not this time....>Thorough supply check of the plane. Now I'm ready.>Jump off the plane to begin my adventure in the forest.>Clip through the ground and die of a gruesome fall onto an invisible wall.11/10 Would clip again.
,Recommended,242760,18187620,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,(LORD) KOMODOR_VETERAN,This game makes me fear
,Recommended,242760,10293609,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,R4TH,Threw tennis ball at the floorBounced up and killed 2 seagullsAttracked a group of canniblesGot Rekt10/10 Would tennis ball again
,Recommended,242760,14032052,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Mr. Toxic,2015 mayflower simulator10/10
76561198044735960,Recommended,242760,26354769,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Art,"This game has been adding things in every update that people are asking for. There are many modes that you can add to your game that will change the way it plays out. It also has a lot of replay value, the map is the same but there are many ways to play each play through. The game devs are also very good at listening to the community to see what improvements could be made to the game so that it is more enjoyable to the general public.."
,Recommended,242760,16267379,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,DobeDobeDubiDobaDu,Really scary and always updates to have new item and stuff.
76561198010592233,Recommended,242760,10289545,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Mikaeljack,"This game has potential! Right now it's not ""playable"", but some patches will fix it. The game has great features, like chopping wood and so on, and it is sometimes scary! Overall, it's a good alpha."
,Recommended,242760,15290591,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,KeBaBe aNuMuL,Love it :3
,Not Recommended,242760,20268918,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Psyduck,"I was really looking forward to playing this game. Really, I was. But it really let me down.It is not very well optimized, especially for looking so meh.It doesn't take huge risks.It doesn't make moves to differentiate itself from other survival horror crafting games.It doesn't play particulalry amazing.The options menu is somewhat lacking.Disapointing sound design and mixing.Ultimately, The Forest is not a bad game for someone who really like open world survival horror sandbox games, but if you're not well versedin the genre or don't get much enjoyment out of it, your money is better spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,242760,10359881,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,[SG] Spiritwind,"A fairly good game, even in its current buggy state.Had a great time in this game for a few hours, the survival aspect is pretty neat and creative.  He really went above and beyond in creating new ideas that made a lot more sence.The horror part of this game is also well though out, the mutants are pretty freaky, and if you explore any of the caves or their villages, its pretty badass.The only thing this game is majorly lacking right now is the ability to save, and the inability to transport more than 2 logs at a time (Making some sort of towing system would make things much better).Only sad thing is within a couple of hours I had killed all of the mutants on the parts of the island you can go to, so I never had to worry about attacks, and I could explore the item without even worrying.  My character finally decided life on the island was not worth living, and after failing to commit suicide by poisonous berries, plummeted to his death from a cliff.Currently, the only way to pause the game is by alt+tabbing.  Going to the menu, opening your inventory, and so forth, does not pause the game.Hope to see some new content and bug fixes!  Your doing pretty awesome!  Would also love to see Multiplayer!  Now that would easily rival rust and dayz!"
76561198004070072,Not Recommended,242760,21549701,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ramus73,"I am torn between whether to recommend this game or not. For £10.99 it may be worth having a look if you have money to splash around and you like survival horrors but otherwise there just isn't enough depth. The bugginess and ridiculously dark caves filled with op monsters and no save points will annoy the hell out of you.I have had this game for almost 2 years and it is still in alpha stage and looks set to stay there. Once you have seen the four corners of the forest, chopped down a few trees and died in a deep dark cave there really is nothing else left to do.The crafting system works well enough but the combat feels clunky, particulary the bow. The torch is next to useless. Aside from a few unique items there seems no real point in venturing into caves and constantly having to build fires because you fell into a pool will test your patience, wandering around in the dark for nothing just seems pointless.The atmosphere, however, is palpable. Having a cannibal appear out of the dark and scream at you is liable to require a new pair of under pants. But that soon wears thin.All in all a good attempt at survival horror but the developers need to finesse it into a game for the masses rather than a niche market for it to be recommended. If, however, survival horror is your thing then consider this recommended."
,Recommended,242760,10295422,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Seabass (The Human),"This is an amazing game in it's current state. I'm writing this at the time of v0.01 Public Alpha.8/10 ""Not being able to save is the only reason why I can not give this game a 10/10""-Pro's-+ Immersive+ Challenging+ Atmospheric+ Quality+ Learning Curve-Con's-+ Game can't be saved (from what I can tell)+ The world loads sort of sporadically sometimes+ You can't really swim quite yet+ A few item duping issues"
76561198063479967,Recommended,242760,10521552,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ANDYS REVENGE,"This game may still be in development.... BUT DAMN IT IS GOOD!has good start, good realistic items+objects, and its just as good as minecraft!but its a bit more fun than minecraft!I HIGHLY suggest u get this game before the price goes up!"
,Recommended,242760,15116971,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Owen153,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=416063244I followed the development for a long time leading up to the game release and have owned it since then, but lately I log in on occasion to see what's been added and improved on, and it does not disappoint.There are so many nice features and great gameplay - Visually, these images just expresse the wonderment wandering around the island.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=400858569If you want a realistic, raw, survival game with great imagery, I definitely recommend this game. I can't talk much about the AI as I tend to play 'Vegan' mode more often then not just so I can experience the exploration, hunting, foraging and building aspects, which are unsurpassed by other games of a similar genre."
76561198204358168,Recommended,242760,30304852,Posted: 3 March,all,Nieto,Excellent survival horror gameI Really recommend it !
,Recommended,242760,23236493,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Salty Raptor,"I can finally recommend this game. I bought it over a year ago but I couldn't truly enjoy it. It looked awesome graphics wise.  I could never play it though because the game was 1) Full of bugs and 2) Lacking conent. I decided to play it recently and had a blast. The game now seems more ""Full"""
,Recommended,242760,25515168,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,✅Phillip. [PCMR],"The PriceFair if you want to play a thriller and don't want to wait for a sale (I'd personaly wait for a sale).Specs./Computer HardwareIf you have a weak PC/LapTop then you will more than likely not be able to run this game as it requires a descent set up, but you can play this game at a steady 35 fps.ContentThe principle of the game is simple: gather resources (water, food, lumber,etc.), build a house, and survive by killing the mutants but there are survivors being held hostage by the mutants that you can rescue (purely your choice).There are many cheats you can try out to add more fun to the game.ConclusionThe game is great as it features great content and consistent updates; Ill give it a 4.75/5 stars"
,Recommended,242760,30372485,Posted: 7 March,all,frag,Great for co-op and surprisingly good story line
,Recommended,242760,10287635,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Simba,"Let's get started! So upon opening the game I really wanted to see what the game really had to offer (as did most people) and as soon as I got in game the bad quality sounds put me off a bit... However with the graphics are simply just amazing.I have been super impressed with the crafting system throughout the game. It gives you a building template for anything you want to craft which tells you what you need for the constuction. I give the crafting 8/10 still needs fixing however still lives up to a great crafting system which most games would need.The graphics were over powering as 4 people made this game! It brings a huge amount of immersion and realism into the game and improves the overall feel of the game itself. The art was very well done! 7/10 for the art!The sounds are something that can bring a huge point of immersion as well and to start off with there really isn't that great quality sounds. There isn't any bass in the sounds and it sounds like something off a nintendo 64. The sounds (however) get better after that starting scene and really bring you into the game. I will rest with 6/10 for the sounds until they fix the starting scene.The A.I isn't always the smartest however for an alpha game they have really made some really good A.I. If you get too close the enemy's as they approach you they will back off and the other ones will try and circle around you! 8/10 for the A.IMy overall score is:Average score given: 7.2/10My personal total score: 8/10The planned features interest me very much, The co-op would be a really nice addition and I am look forward to that when it comes out!"
76561198051191749,Recommended,242760,16034977,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MutilatedTeddyBear,Alright. I have spent a considerable amount of time on The Forest says 18.2 hours but i also had it Torrented before hand then i decided to buy it so quite a few more on top!.First off i just want to say this game is amazing and has been improving by leaps and bounds. The devs are doing a great job and out of all the games that never seem to improve this isnt among them.Great graphicsGreat enviromentGreat ambience and moodCrafting system is ever improvingCreepy♥♥♥♥♥cavesAll around a great game! if your skeptical whether to buy i have made a few videos of gameplay on it! So check out my videos and maybe that can help you decide! I HIGHLY recommend the game.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaz2Fpt4EMnzuzQmwy954yw
,Recommended,242760,19117583,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,[NC] GanjaNinja,"Tried this out with couple of my friends, nothing to complain about. But i was really surprised to see my friends eating other humanoids and being monsters.I KILLED A ♥♥♥♥ING DEER FOR THEM!!!! BUT THEY ATE ANOTHER FREAKY HUMAN!!! WTF IS WRONG WITH MY FRIENDS WHO STARTED PLAYING THIS!"
,Recommended,242760,11096726,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Strudelboy,"If this game were a potato, it would be a good potato"
,Recommended,242760,13203804,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Harry Del Rey,Scary but soo fun!
,Recommended,242760,11252249,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Pancho Pistolas,This game is awesome for being a early access and i can't wait for the finished product. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,22834189,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Lucy Usagi,A bit glitchy in places but fun to play. One if those open world survival games I actually like.
76561197992000018,Recommended,242760,13348251,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,TaakoKaat,Game is tons of fun while playing alone.  Play with friends to make this game even better.
,Recommended,242760,10315678,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Opt_0™,"Early Alpha Build v0.01http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=266610825So... I'm not a ""horror"" survival fan.  Crafting survival, co-op fun, sure. But most online survival games are player troll fests because there is no real AI threats.This game the AI ""troll"" you. It's pretty creepy, and if thier movements and behaviors are any indication of the future AI they will be great! Seein tribesmen in the daylight, in the distance gets you going. Then all of the sudden you realize they are in the trees and all around... crap crap crap CRAP!!! RUN!Currently there doesn't appear to be any ""stealth"" mechanic yet, but I am sure there will be. Hidding may be your only hope!BE WARNED: This was written during early alpha developement. Almost right after intitial access. MANY things may change before I return to update. And remember it is EARLY ACCESS, buy-in responsibly, do your research on this and any game. Be a smart Gamer and consumer.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=266039874You will see some glitches, issues and stuff, but for so darn early it looks really amazing! Far more fluid and ""life like"" than Rust in it's current build (too me anyway, but it's opinion Only used as a comparison as Rust is a recent game currently popular on Steam similar in some features and looks). And the AI is FAR more intimidating than DayZ current Zeds (niether comment is a back handed insult, I like both).I have to say if you get scared of the Early Access burn like I am (and for good reason): Currently, The Forest may be worth the 15$. Plus it's still early enough that you can probably be involved in the developement of features and details. And honestly, it looks WAY better than I was expecting, but also expect visual oddities, sometimes lots. Yet STILL no where near as terrible as SOOOO many ""alpha and beta"" in later builds. But we'll have to see how the progress goes in the long term: EARLY ACCESS. Although I was at first very pleasently surprised. Trust me having the tribemen show up unexpectedly, day or night, is more than enough to scare 15$'s worth of sh*t out of you! It's not jump scare either, it's strange behavior, what looks like curiousity turned to horrific violence so fast!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=266408476I have to say ""yes"", BUT ONLY if you understand that it is EARLY ACCESS, long way to go. But quite possibly far more quality and beauty than you would expect for so early. For the few hours or more I may have put into it I feel I got my 15 worth as the price of this time. I DO NOT say that lightly, and I KNOW I hope to get many more hours.[Quick Co-op Addition Update 12-24-14: From what I understand so far it's still a pretty glitchy feature.]"
,Recommended,242760,18316582,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,America Has A Problem #LasVegas,"The  Forest is the best sandbox survivor I've ever played. I wish I had gotten my hands on it sooner.The combat is fluid and responsive. From my experience in most other survivor genre games, the combat animations and mechanics are clunky, lackluster and usually down-right laughable. The Forest pays special attention to polish, making sure that immersion is never sacrificed. Animations and impacts are all very tangible and rewarding.The audio is great too. Lots of variety in this department, and there's a casual increase in the amount of sinister sound effects that you hear throughout The Forest as the nights carry on and you expand your marooned empire.The enemies are tough and will hunt you down until they knock you unconcious and drag you down to the caves below the surface, effectively into the mouth of hell. You must then fight your way back out in the pitch black armed with only your melee weapon and a lighter.It's worth every dollar of the fifteen asked for it during early access.Bought it yesterday and have already spent 12+ hours on it.. i've gotten lost in The Forest"
,Recommended,242760,14480665,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,God,Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by naked♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and cryed for 3-4 hours.Then I killed my friend in cold blood.12/10 Would go on hoiliday again!
,Recommended,242760,17228972,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,TechnoBeceT,"In Turkish, for english look downOyunu çıkmadan 2 ay önce takip edip, çıkacağı gün nöbet tutup çıktığı saniye alan biri olarak şunları söyleyebilirim.İlk çıktığı gün save sistemi var gibi duran ve çalışmayan bir oyun ile karşılaştım.Multiplayer geldiği gün aynı yerde görünen ama farklı oyunlar da oynayan iki kişi gibiydik.Bugün ise oyun 4/4'lük.Şunları söyleyebilirim, oyunu ilk çıktığı günden beri belli aralıklar ile küçük küçük oynuyordum. Oyun bazen bunaltıyor bazen eğlendiriyordu. Ama bugün gerçekten sıkıcı hiçbir şeyi olmayan bir oyun. Tabi ki Multiplayer'da, single player'da illaki sıkılınır. Stabil bir hayat...Oyun basit bir ev yap korun mantığı değil, oyunda teker teker mağaralara girip, dağ tırmanma aleti, su dalış takımı hatta ve hatta oyun haritasının 4 farklı parçasını bulup tek bir tam harita elde etmek gibi bir çok içerik var. Sadece biraz uğraşmak gerekiyor. Bunları yapmak zaten çok uzun bir sürenizi alıyor.Bana sorarsanız oyun;10/10In EnglishI am following this game since the game didn't even out and bought when it released. I can say, the game had no save system and it wasn't working. In multiplayer, we were two players but it was like in different games. But now, the game is slap-up. In the first times, the game was sometimes boring and sometimes funny. I wasnt playing so much. But today, it has nothing that can bore me. Of course in multiplayer; on the other hand, single player is boring for now. A common life...The game hasn't ""do the house and keep safe"" logic; we can discover many caves, climb mountains with climbing axe, dive in the water with Rebreathers, collect the map pieces and have a full map... So mant things.If you ask, the game is 10/10."
,Recommended,242760,32665880,Posted: 22 June,all,bonehurtingjuice,>Hey this is a pretty good game>Installs game>Opens singleplayer world>Crash in my plane>Wake up on a spooky island>Loot the plane>Hey theres a cave>Pretty dark in here>Hears spooky noises in the distance>Gets to crossroads in cave>Turns right>Gets gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by spooky arm mutants and naked psychopaths>Alt-f4>Uninstalls game>Deletes Steam>Throws monitor out the window>Burns house down10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and make wierd scared bird noises again
76561198081996159,Recommended,242760,22350281,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Chico,YOU CAN BUILD A WALL TO KEEP THE MEXICANS OUT :)TRUMP 2016 SIMULATOR
,Recommended,242760,11461158,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,!Muhannad,اللعبة و هي نسخة ألفا ؟ تعبر جبارة و فيها صعوبة اللعبة شوي و الزومبي كثيرين و ما يجون الا مجموعات لو كان فردي احسن.عموماً أنصح بها.
,Recommended,242760,32055866,Posted: 29 May,all,Chef Boyardee,The only survival game on steam recieving updates still. And Subnautica. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,17561410,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,J Video Jamz,This game probably makes feminists mad so you know it's really good.
,Not Recommended,242760,11985269,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Cyndrome,"I don't buy early access games often but in case of The Forest I've made an exception. The idea behind the game is truly great and it's partially (since it's still in alpha stage) well executed. I should also mention the development team which provides patches with bug fixes and upgrades restless every month.But despite their effort, the game is still under heavy construction which leads often to crashes, FPS drops and countless WTF moments.I'm sure that in the further development, the creators would be able to bring more sophisticated game experience, but in the current stage I can recommend it only to people willing to participate in an alpha test on their own risk.P.S. - The latest patch 0.06 completely removed presence of the first cannibals so I spent few days fighting the tribe of naked women. Please balance this.Also, the thing that pisses me off most is the endless count of tennis balls in the game. WHY? I'm spending hours trying to get rid of them, cause they're absolutely useless. Please, development team, reduce the number of them!"
,Recommended,242760,12266749,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[PPNS]MRAMNESIA8,The atmoshpere in this game is too plain epic! Really scary game! 10/10!
76561198050782046,Recommended,242760,16701071,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Inzain,"Day 1: I did what any sane person would do when crashing in a forest; Ran around and punched suitcases to steal from the dead. They didnt need it, I did. After I had my arms around 4 sticks and 2 stones, I found a convenient survival guide in my back pocket. It stated that a fire was good for morale, and I've seen Bear Gryllz, so I could confirm it. But, to aimlessly build a shelter out in the open is a bad idea. So I took a moment to gather my bearings, and placed a campfire behind a hill, near a bottleneck formation of rocks. This place was perfect. Fire was up, I caught a lizard (It was petrified from my manlyness) and cooked it. What a boost to my morale. I had heard these forests were dangerous, so I took no time to doubt, and hurried to build defensive walls around my rock formation, to keep me safe. I lost sunlight fast, and decided to call it a night. Something in the dark, deep forest was screaming, I dont know what.Day 2: The screams from last night kept me up. I've gotten close to no sleep, my water is running out and I am low on food. I must think of something fast if I'm to survive in this unforgiving habitat. Then I remembered a technique known to noone at all. Slaughter a threatned species to use its shields to gather rainwater in. Now I had water. A human can survive for three weeks with water, and barely one without it. I made an axe out of what you would expect. Stone, some bindings and a stick.  Now I had a weapon, I was ready. I awaited the twilight, built traps and stocked up on all my most vital resources; it was going to be a long night.After a battle in the darkness I was defeated, I dont know what I fought, but it was tough. And it dragged me to a cave. Luckily, my time in the Elite Gamer's League taught me a thing or two about survival in caves. DONT EVER USE A LIGHTER or a FLASHLIGHT; Use a torch, they are reliable. So I did. I finally saw some distant light in the cave; civilization. I was saved. I had found human beings. Here my adventure en-.. Wait, why are they naked? Hello? Why are you growling at me? That's a nice club you got the- Excuse me? I'm in time for dinner? AAGH!♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10 - Bear Grylls would♥♥♥♥♥♥his pants again."
,Recommended,242760,20508177,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ushio,Too many tribals in first day!
,Recommended,242760,14147227,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Rohampulyka,Got rekt while trying to 360 noscope a bird.Woke up in a cave.Got rekt by a naked woman.Total playtime: 5 minutes.11/10 Would meet a bird again.
,Recommended,242760,11808621,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,[Krii] Wolfie,"Pros;-Beautiful Graphics-Good AI-Interesting crafting options-Large map-Weather effects-The priceCons;-Combat isn't the best-Co-op play needs work-AI are unforgivingEasily a solid 8/10, for the price it is you get so much."
,Recommended,242760,10360299,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Kesai,"Chopped down a tree, tree exploded, sending me 50 meters into the air and killing me instantly 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,10375473,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,joeym145,Creepy white man took my child.Seen a rainbow at night.Killed an entire species with just one flare gun.This game= 10/10
76561198073918361,Recommended,242760,10349318,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Danny Mcbride the Vagina Slayer,Very intense survival game has GREAT potiential. Its a pretty damn good Alpha.
76561198070035778,Recommended,242760,10510681,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Commentator Rambo,The forest has one of the most unique AIs ive seen in a while.. The game is already neat in such an early stage of alpha. The games potential is huge. I hope they have Co-op soon that would make the game alot of fun. GET THE FOREST
76561198093529708,Recommended,242760,10376890,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Brian,"A few seconds after the game started and I went through the realistic 3D cinematic of crashing in a forest I proceeded to make my way to the coast away from the naked people. Well beleive me or not, as soon as I hopped off the wreckage there was a cannibal lady with her♥♥♥♥♥♥flying everywhere and she seemed like a dangerous one because she gave me a nasty scream. Now being a 2 year veteran of the DayZ's I instinctively hit my caps lock button and yelled at her &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ON THE GROUND, OR I'LL SMASH EM"" But the lady with the gray♥♥♥♥♥♥did not stop, but instead proceeded to hit me. So I grabbed the axe from the dead flight attendant and gave her a slap to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Surprisingly she went off into the trees and called out to her friends. Immediately I was surrounded by 6 other cannibals all giving me a menacing look, so I stood still. But then they started moving towards me. So I hopped back on that plane and didn't take my eyes off the entrance. I was determined to stay in that plane until the men with the funny skirts went away. Then i ran out of food in the plane, but I had noticed there was no one around me anymore so I went to the beach and found some rocks and some sticks so i made a fireplace and eventually a shelter. I fell asleep....  when I woke up the cannibals were around me ready to attack, I immediately yelled out FRIENDLY but they gang banged me. I woke up and I was in a dark cave with nothing but my lighter to use as a light source. I ventured deep into the cave looking for a way out but instead found some things with 4 legs and and 4 heads twerking it out. This is where I determined the game was not for me. Overall I payed $15 to see some cannibal♥♥♥♥♥♥and to collect rocks. 10/10 Will cancel my porn subscription."
76561198066724027,Recommended,242760,10517338,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Skiller,"Day 1: The plane has crashed.... My son was stolen... Do they think they can do this to me? I step out of the plane with my axe in hand to be greeted by a hoard of cannibles. I WILL SAVE MY SON! I run at them head on and get gangbanged. What is this? I'm still alive? i awake in a dark cave and take out my lighter. I think to myself ""I shouldn't be so reckless"" so i find my way out of the cave hungry and tired. I manage to find the shore and decide to settle down there. A little way off in the distance i find a boat and notice that the cannibles can't get to me when i'm in it. I am set! I chop down some trees get some rocks and stick and then proceed to make a Hunting Shelter. I finish it and make my campfire. It is now dark out. I crouch under my Hunting Shelter to hide from the cannibalistic bastereds. I look at my fire and decide to throw a couple leaves into it. I proceed to mash my E buttion and then get launched into space. I have died. I have not saved my son.... I have not survived.... I have failed..... I have no regrets.10/10 best game ever."
76561198050240622,Recommended,242760,10374086,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,ValianTtD,"Lots of kinks to workout, but WOW. for v0.01b...... Amazing! I extremely suggest you buying! Soon to be co-op aswell! Just so amazing.... Cant wait for more updates!"
,Recommended,242760,10289320,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Anbrad,"I've been tracking the forest for over a year before the aplha 0.01 came out. I bought it the instant it came to early access. Being in early access theres still plenty of bugs, but that doesn't change how amazing this game is. The island is deep and immersive, the cannibals are terrifying and yet so interesting. The crafting is interesting and theres plenty for you to do. As I said before this game is only in alpha but its a 10/10 and highly reccomended by me."
,Recommended,242760,11143240,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Jibble Jabble,"Let's start from the begining.It all started when I got a call from my mom reminding me that her birthday was in two days. Me and my son, Cameron, packed our bags and headed off for the airport. Right as the plane took off I fell asleep. Couple of hours later I woke up and noticed that the plane was having some turbulence. BAM!!!! Front of the plane pops off just like that. Anyways, our plane crashes in some forest. I was very weak and could'ent get a band-aid for Cameron as I noticed some shrapnel landed in his leg's tendon. Then I noticed it, a man standing in front of us. He was pale, very tall, and had some rachet teeth. ""Wait a minute...is that my brother Phil""? I asked myself. ""It couldent be, he was thrown in jail for pedophillia"". The man then scooped up my son and carried him off. ""Yep, that's definatly Phil"". I then passed out from dehydration, blood loss, and a killer headache. When I woke up I immediatley ate some leftover curry I found in the back of the plane then picked up spme medicine and hopped out.I opened my handy-dandy survival guide and saw a pimped out shelter. ""Maaaann, that's one fine lookin shelter."" Long story short I got my shelter built on the side of a tiny cliff. That's when I noticed it, below the cliff were some strange totems with various limbs and heads on it. I became very concerned and hungey. I walked into the forest and found some berries that looked deeeelicious. I tried some of then and then immediatly threw up. And then threw the cracks of the trees I saw a pack of about five men, all with mean looking spears. ""Oh man, those some scary lookin G's."" I said to myself. I ran back to my home and tried to sleep but for some reason it launched me out into the air and I fell down. Luckily my legs broke the fall, but I did pass out yet another time.This time I woke up in a cave. The only light source I had was a bic lighter. ""How did I get this through airport security"" Isaid. Oh well. I flicked my lighter on and looked around. When I looked behind me a glanced upon a most horrerfying creature. It consisted mostly of legs and arms sticking out around it's torso. I then turned around and ran through a small crevice that lead to a beach. I noticed in the distance another small island. ""♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm buckin"". Before I buked though I built a small fire to cook some fish I stabbed in a lake. To put it this way, the only thing that caught on fire was me and a seagull that unfortuanly flew in to the small fire. ""Ouch"".  I jumped into the water and began swimming to the other island. When I thought that I was about to make it, a strange invisible wall stopped me. ""Oh well, guess I should go save my son now."" I began swimming back and noticed some mean busta lookin sharks swimmin around me. The one bit my foot and I died.THE END"
,Recommended,242760,11945421,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Laogahi,"Has to be one of the best games ive played, not much willmake me jump but this game does the trick, amazing graphics with awesome gamplay, im still wondering about the storyline aha. Overall a fantastic game i play probably the most on my pc."
,Recommended,242760,10309662,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Adolf GernBern Gonolaz,"Amazing graphics. The forest setup and detail is just mindblowing! I seriously felt like I was really there. The way the story rolls out is also great. Whatever you do (build a fort or setup traps) , your survival may be longer or shorter. It is an unbelievable game for being in alpha 0.01.9.5/10 (I think there are better things to come in future updates)"
76561198125840627,Recommended,242760,10379040,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mrlool,this is a horror game from now be careful
76561198067582528,Recommended,242760,10308242,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,FaShoBro,I found an exploit that allowed me to have infinite flare gun ammo. Those ♥♥♥♥♥es got rekt so hard.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10344155,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Moxd,Slapped the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a naked cannibal with his dead friend's arm 10/10http://youtu.be/lZ6yIQrC2C8
,Recommended,242760,12735803,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,gravyboi,dank
76561198080249498,Recommended,242760,10292625,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,GOOFIE GOOBER,this game is so goddamn amazing im always afriad of those damn things. i was pretty mad when they took my goddamn kid.i bet there eating his ribs like ribs. but overall ♥♥♥♥ing amazing games this gameis worth way more then the price but keep in mind this is in alpha but omg i stayed up till like 3 in the morning i wasnt out but omg i kept waking up wanting to play the goddamn game i love the forest
,Recommended,242760,10292834,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,UDB!,"What incredible potential! This Alpha is beautiful, unfinished, unpolished, but stunning and intriguing.  While playing you truely get a sense of what it's going to become.  Rather than being disapointed i find that even though it's buggy and at times frustrating, I cant wait for it to develop into the amazing game you can feel when you play it!Pros:* Scenic and picturesque* Sounds great (on my headset at least)* Intuitive crafting system* Inventory looks amazing* Enemies are as creepy as they promised!Cons:* Has quite a variety of bugs* Has no game saves yet* AI is difficult to kill/escape/hide from* Larger building is very time intensiveClearly there is a lot of things for them 'to do' in order to get this game to be consistently playable.  But given how far they've come, I get the impression that it'll get there.Update:This game is great.  Coop is so much fun.  Screaming at friends as they die is great.  Consistently updated.  More content added regularly (considering there's so few devs working on it at least).  10/10 get wrecked every time i play."
,Recommended,242760,10793711,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Br00dL0rd,"The Forest is a great survival game and has loads of potential for expansion.After my crash landing I grabbed an axe i found and some food and headed for the forest. Immediately i tried gathering things for a camp...but in the distance i saw movement, it intrigued me, what was i thinking? approaching these tribal looking people...They spotted me and starting hunting me! I made a run for it, jumping over rocks and moving between trees, UNTIL...i couldn't runanymore...why?i had no stamina, and now i had to face these 3 tribals head on, 1 in the tree, 2 circling me and I'm standing there ready to swing at the first one to come for me..i was scared i must say, having these creatures starring at me..and then it happened, it leaped for as i swung my axe, hitting it to the ground, i didn't stop hitting it though, i swung that axe like I've never swung an axe before! Swinging it so viciously i was hitting two of them at the same time, completely out of control, fighting for my life, realizing I had just killed two of them, blood on my hands and axe, shaking, the third one does a mighty jump with a rock in hand and knocks me cold...BUT i woke up moments later in a strange cave...their home. I now need to escape.and so is the life of the forest..."
,Recommended,242760,14003608,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Barton's,"If you want it, get it.It now has integrated mulitplayer and I have been playing with my friends and the glitches are pretty funny. Although it is an early access game, it's amazing. It is similar to rust except no annoying players. Also, if you play in your rooom with the lights off, it will probably give you a spook3spooky5me10/10 would spook again"
76561198120397742,Recommended,242760,16020013,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,general flanky,"Is a great game,good work developer,but still got a lot of bugs that need to be fixed.Let us talk about the multiplayer system,why cant we randomly join a game server unless we know the server of the name,hope u guys fix it and the bugs,thx"
76561198221972860,Recommended,242760,16190388,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Top Raisin,"I love this game, me and my friend have been spending weeks making a fort to defend against the cult members. As most people will know, there has been an update for the game just a few days ago. It's all well and good having an update that makes the map more detailed but me and my friend didn't really enjoy spawning in our house and having a huge rock on top of it meaning that we couldn't even access it anymore. Other than that, if you're looking for a survival horror game you should definatly give this game a try because it is incredibly fun."
,Recommended,242760,10356465,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SonOfAPreacher,"10/10This is a rate thing, a game comes along with possibly everything you want. I love this game so much and I would recomend it to anyone :') It would be an amazing platform for LAN multiplayer or maybe even online. Pleaseeeee"
76561198037293315,Recommended,242760,10383920,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Professional Moisterizer,"Such a great game with a twist of horror, 9/11 would buy without bugs"
,Recommended,242760,13235802,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Strafe-,"I bought this game three days ago and I've already logged 11.7 hours on the game. I've personally been a fan of survival series games for a long time and I've played multiple games in the genre (DayZ Mod, DayZ Standalone, Rust, WarZ). For an alpha game ""The Forest"" offers an extremely entertaining game with minimal glitches (for an alpha).There are some bugs but none that are game breaking or altering. I've had nothing but good things to say about it so far.As far as development goes, the developers have a rigid schedule for releasing new updates and display a countdown informing the players when the next alpha build will be released (13 days from me writing this review). As far as I can tell, they take all the criticisms from players into account and legitimately try to improve the game based on the feedback.Unlike many survival games, The Forest allow for you to build your own base, traps, custom buildings, and even boats. Even in alpha where many features are still unavailable it will take hours of gameplay to experience and build everything it has to offer.The game also has a horror aspect which really creates a tense atmosphere and motivates you to scavenge for protection. There are hostile villagers and cannibals that would like nothing more than to beat you down and eat your flesh.I definitely recommend this game, and I will continue to stream it."
,Recommended,242760,10363274,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Tiberious #TF2Center,Forest is a wonderful game and i must say i wonder why is isnt $60 buy it now its cheap and way better then ive ever seen.
76561198055159629,Recommended,242760,10307444,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,About4goats,like skyrim but with more bugs9/11
,Recommended,242760,23809403,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jaromir Jagr,Fun to play with friends
,Recommended,242760,10435257,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Thaggitariutt Jefferthpin,"Threw a tennis ball at a cannibal,He went flying into space.10/10 GOTY!"
,Recommended,242760,11463575,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,LittleArachnid,"Just started playing The Forest today, whilst it's still in an alpha build state at this moment the changes that the devs have implemented have been really nice, The Forest is a survival- based game and you are the survivor of a plane crash with only a fire axe and the things to find in your environment but you are not alone. A group of natives will stalk you and attack you when you start building, so be prepared to defend yourself, survival by finding food, shelter, to even building an effigy to keep the natives away.I like the fact that there's a counter for the next update, personally aside from the serious bugs that have been previously affecting the game, the devs have done very well with this game, this game has a lot of potential and for the price of $14.99 USD it is a little pricey, however I hope that they put in tonnes more content to make this game even more worth the money. Good job to the devs for making a really great game, from the little spiders to the detail from the sun, the environment is amazing and I once again say, look forward to the future updates of The Forest"
,Recommended,242760,10411993,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,KrAzYeTy,"So much potential here, I am excited.  In its current state though, its a non playable mess.  This defines the risk of early access games.They seem to be quite slow on updating to at least make the game playbale which is not a good sign so far.I am going to give it a thumbs up though, as I have enjoyed what works right now, and expect this game to continue to grow.Honestly though, dont buy it yet."
,Recommended,242760,11074173,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,[SaS]TillBGoode,"It's hard to review a game in Alpha stages.Before the latest update I would have said wait till they sorted some of the bugs out before buying it. This  purely on the basis that you couldn't use you're inventry items after a save and reload of the game, which meant having to start over a lot. The only way to get the full experience was to never close the game down just to save your items . They fixed that in the latest patch and even though it is still in Alpha those fixes have made the game feel a whole lot more complete.Since the patch I would say so far I would be happy with it as a finished game. I do not have many dislikes about the game. I like a lot about it though.The graphics are really nice.The audio is just as nice :DThe way the AI respond to discovering you is varied, it's not always an all out attack against you.The amount of items you can build is quite good for an Alpha.The way the cold and rain effects you adds to the feel of being vunerable.Not all of the map is unlocked yet(saying that I have not checked since the update) but there is still plenty of space to explore, I look forward to the rest.If they do add a 2 player co-op that would be really good, would add to the atmosphere, I do not think it would work with anymore than 2 players.List of positives goes on to be honest, more than I can be bothered to write :D"
76561197976300398,Recommended,242760,11042343,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,gordy,"After surviving a plane crash and watching his only son kidnapped by a tribe of cannibals, a man; in what must be a severe case of post-traumatic stress disorder, builds a small early-colonial era fortress.10/10"
76561198006327887,Recommended,242760,10361475,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Heywood Jablome,"Alpha is of course an Alpha and glitchy as hell, but so much fun.  I built a huge fortress, killed about 20 of these guys (and girls) had full armor and went to do the finishing blow to a canibal laying on the ground, she exploded throwing me 80 yards away and killing me.  10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,242760,10398866,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Fish are friends. Not food,THIS IS NOT A GAME YET!!this is an idea with a hole load of potental but its not a game dont not buy if your looking for a game you can sink 20 hours into you may hav seen 10min youtube videos of this that make it look great and those 10mins are but there isnt much more than those 10minsonly buy if your like me and in it for the long haul
,Recommended,242760,11189973,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Pasta J,"Spooky♥♥♥♥♥♥it is, my main Melon."
76561198002236707,Recommended,242760,10329514,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Medowedo,Game is awesome. Full of bugs right now. Wait a bit so big bugs can be fixed.
76561198082013262,Recommended,242760,11669580,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Juiceski98,"I didn't know that when you hit a body with a small ax that a body will explode..... interesting scienceI also didn't know that everyone packs tennis balls....Another crazy concept, entered cave on first day...... over 30 bodies hanging..... these are some fast working machines in the forestLast but not least, by using a stick(not a spear) can be used to hit a fish and recieve money or rocks..... the fish wasn't hurt... it just pooped out some good,old cash.... o.o interesting scienceOther than that, I enjoy The Forest along with the flesh eating humans or mutants that love to visit/stalk you on your nature walk searching for supplies :) :o"
,Recommended,242760,10871757,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PeaceGiver,"Guys be sure to buy this awesome game i especially recommend it to people that don't quit a survival game first time they die.I also recommend it to people that are not surethat this is tthe right choice for them. I was also sceptic about and played it and it's absolutely AWESOME.Buy it, it only costs 14,99 €.P.S. This game is only an early access so don't be mad if you see some glitches OK?"
,Recommended,242760,10921729,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,hoyholyhoy,"People seem to forget that games like this are in ealry alpha phase, and continue to write them off due to bugs and other anomalies that can and WILL be fixed in the near future. Instead, people like to focus on the things the game doesn't have (which can be healthy to a degree when trying to help the development of a game) but it's taken so far and they expect so much out of something so barely out of its conception stage that it really rubs me the wrong way when people like that are somehow influencing others into not deciding for themselves whether or not to experience the game on their own. That being said, I to a look at what this game DOES offer, and let me tell you: I freaking love it.Here's the thing, I really don't like playing survival games. I usually turn my head and shrug whenever I see another game in this genre pumped out, but something about this game cought me. Some sense of an atmosphere I hadn't seen in a survival game.  I think one key thing that engrossed me into this dark and sh-t-my-pants game was that you are all alone. There is nobody there to fend for you, help protect or look out for you but yourself. This also worked in my favor as my past experiences with literally every other survival game have ended not by the cruel, demanding world around me, but by other uncooperative players trolling along my path only hindering my experience with the game. With The Forest, I find a sense of serene horror, in the likes of Blair Witch Project. It's as if the quiet stillness around me paralyzes me with anxiety, seeing that mob of cannibals charge me from a distance feels more real than I've ever experienced in a game. Something in this game's nature just does it differently for me. There are no zombies or senseless goons to have you snarking at the lack of realism like in other games, only psychotically intelligent cannibals. and some of the freakiest mutant test subject looking sub-humans that look straight out of The Human Centipede I've ever seen. All this combined with fantastic visuals and especially well thought out lighting make this game something special.Overall, the game clearly has issues that need to be sorted out (as would any game in early alpha phase) but some of the features I hear they will be implementing only make me more hungry to play. Apparenly we will see a co-op mode which is one feature alone that would sell me again, being my favorite aspect of any game (ex. L4D, Resident Evil or Evolve.)I would focus on things this game doesn't have if I didn't already thoroughly enjoy it even with it's sometimes humorous flaws.For a game this promising, in such an early stage of development, for only $15, I wouldn't pass it up, especially if you're looking for A. A morbidly terrifying experience B. A great, easy to understand and learn survival ""siimulator?"" C. A fun walk in the forest to grandma's.8/10 from me [so far].List of bugs I've encountered so far:*When loading a save, my inventory becomes empty, once I equip the airplane axe, I start walking below the ground and die.*When low on lung capacity, if I swing the axe at a tree, it will double swing but only one will detect a hit.*Only once has it happened, but for around 10 minutes I was unable to swing or block with the axe entirely.*When crafting, if I select booze, it cannot be removed from the crafting area unless I craft a molotov*Only once has it happened, but when fighting one of the cannibals, they froze, then once I hit them, they exploded with the their feet still attached to the ground likehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klVhwlwHhY4"
,Recommended,242760,12628835,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,LeeInTheAction™,I recomend this game beacuse it's awesome and hard.If you like terror and survival together then you will like to play this game ;)
76561198129403413,Recommended,242760,10489153,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,TrollingGamer,"One thing needed to be fixed is, on the shore by the dead shark on the ship physics must be fixed. I tried setting a campfire on the ship but but it ended up going underwater."
,Recommended,242760,10396875,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Kaiser,Swam into ocean to get away from cannibals. Watched them walk on the ocean floor. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,10959488,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pheex,Put on my lighter underwater and rocketed 100ft straight up in the air.10/10 would play KSP again.
76561198032090177,Recommended,242760,10337788,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Dotes McGotes,"I am in a giant forest in a game called The Forest, and I still can't seem to find any sticks. I am the worst survivor ever."
76561198127281333,Recommended,242760,14004228,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mendicant_Bias,"oki the game is REALLY good, i do recommend playing it, that being said the only two issues i have with it are the gardens resetting each time you reload(which sucks if you actually had something useful like blueberries growing in them), and then this weird glitch where invisible water will cover like half the map when you are several hours into a save ;-; it sucks because it happens every time i made some headway and have a good base with a really good setup( i ALWAYS build somewhat near the beach, but on a hill near it.) so anyways yeah the whole flooding thing and garden issue could be fixed first or maybe in the near future lol, but other than that a great, solid game guys :D hope you keep up the good work :p"
76561198118514402,Recommended,242760,10364359,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,da fat girl 77,"this game is great! every update makes this game more fun and makes me more excited to go another round. can't wait for new implements in the game, really glad i got this!"
76561198053914627,Recommended,242760,10850707,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,щит,"This is a very interesing game to play, it differs from most survival games, because of your intuition. In other games you think, yeah I'll find a gun if there are zombies, shoot them in the head, it's fine, I won't get cornered and I'll be okay. In the forest,right from the start you can tell it's different.You see the inhabitants, (I refuse to call them mutant's, you're the weird one here) they aren't random, they don't meander about aimlessly like other enemies on survival games, they know you're there. They watch, document and find you quite perplexing. You cut down trees to build a small hut, you are shocked to find yourself without other humans, you rummage through suitcases in search of equipment, most importantly, you look like a foreign delicacy.It becomes obvious they want to eat you, they have patrols that moniter how you disturb the environment, they notice the felled trees, the little constructions you make. Every time you go to cut a tree, you can't help but feel you're being watched. You start to be more selective of the places you look for resources, you try to always have a good vantage point, YOU want to watch THEM, they make you uncomfortable, why do they walk around with clubs? Where are they getting these strange body like clothing accessories? Then you realise... Over the last night, an effigy was erected, it had two human heads on a short stick, you recognise one of them as an air hostess who had serverd you coffee... it all makes sense, the lack of survivers and more importantly, the lack of bodies.You Become more fevered, you start to build weapons, walls, traps, anything to keep these people at bay. But it seems, the more you do, the more interested they become, the number of patrols increase (or are you just imagining it?) some patrols become violent, you try and fight them back, but three on one isn't fair, they keep trying to surround you, but you remember the molotov you made, fumbling around in your backpack, you finally pull out the small bottle of booze and light it up. Darting through a hole in thier formation, you drop the molotov at your feet, only to see them chase right after you. You were lucky, they all caught and are no more than burnt corpses.Who want's to leave a bunch of corpses on their metaphorical front lawn? Not you, so you cut them up and throw together your own effigy and add it to your bases defenses, you hope it will scare them, they seem to have enough brain power to understand that it's their mates head pinned to a spike. You head back to work making your base self sustainable and everything starts to go the way you expected your journey to go, build a nice defensive house and fight some enemies and that's how it goes... right?The games itself is alpha release, for an alpha, very few game breaking bugs, which is more than can be said about some alpha releases. There are a few clipping issues for some of the textures, I came across a bug which deletes half of your inventory when loading it up for a second time and it stops me from picking up fish and alcohol, which, though irritating, doesn't stop me from playing the game, it just means I learnt how to fight with an axe. The game is definitly not for common consumption, if you want to make more gran structures I suggest you play something like minecraft or 7 days to die, but if you want to live in constant fear, constant struggle and constant thrill, definitly worth a pickup, for a bang up job on a stable and functioning alpha release, with hopefully plenty of content to come."
76561198035021601,Recommended,242760,10361982,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Freric,"A very good, yet buggy game.It shows a lot of promise, but is already fun after the last patch.Some advice: fire is your best friend, from a distance.  Build any fires some distance from your camp, as they can be easily seen and attract attention.  Craft combine cloths and alcohol to make molitovs.  It is the only weapon that even gives you a chance against groups larger than 2.  The flare gun is the only ranged weapon.  It can be found in the cockpit of the crashed plane, which is randomly placed meaning you have to search for it.  You can also find the flare gun in the cave where you wake up if they nock you out instead of killing you.  There you will also find the first two-handed rusty axe.  this lets you block with the right mouse button.  The islanders will do simple attacks at first, but like AI-war will learn what you are doing, and slowly add in better tactics.  I died because they tricked me into backing up into a spike trap.  Also of note, after i defended my camp, they built several effigies around it while i was asleep to tell me to go away.  Eventually, they even built a temporary camp near mine as a strike base.  A must: build a small side camp away from your own.  If your manin camp is ovverun, you need somewhere to go.Good luck."
,Recommended,242760,10488907,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,RealBooneVincent,"Fell 2 feet and died, woke up in a cave, got teamed up on and killed by seven cannibals immediately upon waking, game crashed. 11/10"
,Recommended,242760,10495888,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Spinkle,"This game is very good! i like it a lot :) here is some game play of V0.04B, but obviously it is Early Access so it does still have lots of bugs. and now the houseboat works!!!http://youtu.be/E-YepxxSkkU"
,Recommended,242760,12187657,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Sunamii,Best survival game i've played after playing Minecraft HAHAHA
,Recommended,242760,10513600,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,inhumaN erectionS,"Best survival game i`ve ever played. Game is full of bugs but that`s not the first thing you can find in this game. I dont like games with horror and survival things. But that game change my mind, that game is so beautiful ( of course with the high settings). So i can say: Cannibals, bunnies, monsters, lizards and trees. 9,5/10"
,Recommended,242760,14467296,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Muffin Man,Very fun and spooky game. To anyone who likes survival this game is a must. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,10338860,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Staniel,A little buggy. Damage done by player needs to be increased asap. Ai needs improvment. The core mechanincs such as the crafting are quite nice and easy to use. Overall an extremly promising game.
76561198119461735,Recommended,242760,10384559,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Weaponized Turnip,got beaten to death by a nude man whilst i was swimming in the air 11-10
,Recommended,242760,10338504,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,JebSmithIII,"The forest is a ""diving right into it"" kind of game starting you out in a random spot on the map with miles to explore. the building system allows for someone to pan out the base thy build befor they build it. even in alpha patch the game has my attention."
76561198075390001,Recommended,242760,29861258,Posted: 11 February,all,Pandelle,"I love this game, while I don't enjoy the story now I enjoy the open world aspect of the game and the survivalist aspects"
,Recommended,242760,10310239,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Bab3doll,This game..... is just the best
,Recommended,242760,28503844,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Megu,"If you ever wondered what it would be like to ""live off the grid"" buy this game."
76561198274496542,Recommended,242760,29471346,Posted: 24 January,all,robmob32,This game is incredible. Everything you need from a survival game. Hours of fun!
,Recommended,242760,17002359,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,A fat cat,"Fun game to play with your friends. The quality is very nice, and gameplay is also fun. Can be very laggy. But overall, a nice survival-horror mixed game. I recommend it!"
,Recommended,242760,10360440,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,^5Dusty^6Cake,Game is very buggy at the moment but hopefully most of the bugs will be fixed during the Public  Alpha. The game has a very big potential but it's not quite there yet.
76561198087141532,Recommended,242760,14364259,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ColumbianCokaCola,REALLY REALlY cool game. Cant wait to see the finished product. I shall keep playing and watching it develope. add me for co-op if anyone would like
,Recommended,242760,10310669,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Joshpro Survivalist,"This is my review for the intial release:Man, I just can't explain what I have gotten from this game, but the best thing I can describe my lagfilled experince (because my com is not awesome enough to handle this game's awesomeness) is it has been a joyride full of thrills, spills, laughs and weirdness.The AI, from what I've seen so far, is EXTREMELY advanced. The mutants themselves might be a bit buggy, but I have never been so scared of these enemies in any game I played before. They have stealth, they have the knowledge to fight or flight, they even have fricking attack patterns!!! They don't just go for me instantly, they wait for me to attack first before they counter! This part of the game I really love.Now, the gameplay. The UI is simple to understand. I managed to figure out which is my health, armor, stamina and hunger on the bar. The inventory was 3D as promised, and I was glad it was pretty simple to learn. Crafting was straightforward too, and I love it when I can figure things out. And you have to love the fact that you can see animals walking over your inventory if any are near!!!I wish to be able to play with a bit less lag so that I can experience more from this and help come up with a few suggestions to make it even better. For now, I guess it's bug hunting time! XD"
,Recommended,242760,10292702,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Fresh Prince,This game is cash.
,Recommended,242760,10514763,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ED0ggY,"Since V0.3 is out, id update my review, alot more enjoyable with every content update bringing new things into the game, liking the ""soft mode"" can explore and experiance the game without anyone annoying you, however it does get a bit boring once you explored most things.Bugs & gliches are slowly being corrected but many still hang round, at 14.99 its worth the money as the development will continue to produce an awesome game=====================V2 review============================Enjoying the game, as this is only V2 its still buggy and glitchs on random things, How ever this does have alot of potential once the game becomes more developed."
,Recommended,242760,10291032,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,PLAYCON97,"I played for 6 minutes, got out of the plane and looked at the cliff across from me and saw 3 mutants standing there. Heard an ear peircing scream and exited the game.I seriously recommend this game, although my computer can't run it very well, even on low, I can definately still see the potential of this becoming an amazing game. Hell, the fact that its so intensive on my computer just tells me they have already put a lot of work into it!So, is it worth your $15? Most definately!"
,Recommended,242760,11004917,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ViolenceAura,Great game for feeling the ambience of nature and the sheer terror of waking up to find a group of mutants attacking you after a nap in your camp :DThe game is already so beautiful and its only in the early alpha stages. Can't wait to see what it's like when near completion :)
76561198152363374,Recommended,242760,15939218,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,TheQuickkill,"Cannibals drop an infinite supply of teeth.Teeth have practically no usage in-game.10/10I know you want me to tell you what the game's about, but i'm too busy collecting teeth."
,Recommended,242760,10331419,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,dandoozled,"The Forest is a terrifyingly awesome game! Once you get ingame you are left alone after a horrific plane crash, where apparently know one survived but you. You are a lone survivor and have to build your own shelter hunt and find food to fill up your belly, but the world is in't a trip in lala land; you will run into inhumane enemies. You will run into these creatures that look very similar to humans, but they aare much stronger and faster than you. They are challenging, especially if you find yourself surrounded by more than one. The best way to survive these cannibals is by running away or fleeing. If you get killed by the cannibals they will abduct you, and take you to a cave where you will find the rest of the airplane passengers. This cavern is very big, and will have to be explored later on in the game, but I would stay away from it for the first few days. In this cavern you will have to escae, but if you get lost you might find yourself in a very dangerous situation. Deeper in the cavern live these mutations, some look like people wrapped around by human skin. These mutated creatures are probably the most dangerous, and they will be quick to kill you. Ofcourse they live in the caves! So if you don't go in there you'll be safe right? WRONG! After a couple of days when you have developed your little safe haven, and you think nothing can get you... they will emerge from the depths of the cave and will surround your home then they will break through anything they need too; just to kill you. This is a very challenging game, and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND getting it if you are into open world survival games like Rust, or are into horror games; trust me the cannibals do a good job at sneaking up behind you, then SCARING THE LIVING♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF YOU!!! This game is fun, but it does have a lot of bugs and glitches; it's fine because it is in Alpha and hopefully they will fix it soon - SlenderCat"
,Recommended,242760,21731516,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,BleepBloop9154,its pretty good been playing for almost 500 hours and it all flew by with this exciting and head banging tunes
,Recommended,242760,16266469,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Decidead,Really good game already!!
76561198014872561,Recommended,242760,10378068,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,KrippForPGATour,"I was being attacked by some tribesman, and as i killed the last one i got flung halfway across the map into a mountain. 11/10"
76561198049568708,Recommended,242760,16104844,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Rad Shiba,"The Forest is a brilliant game. Both the concept, graphics, atmosphere, and the gameplay are all great. Early access or not, this a game worth picking up.Pros: well to start out, it looks beautiful. The island looks great, both thanks to the graphics and the layout of the island itself. The way the light goes through the trees has made me stop actually playing and just look at it many times. While obviously not what you buy the game for, this is something worth mentioning. On top of this, the world feels alive. It's hard to explain but the island really feels like a real forest (or at least as close as a game can come to feeling real). The combat feels good, as the weapons feel like they have weight and power. Also, of course the survival part of the game is great and is the strongest part of the game. You have to manage food and water intake and must build to protect yourself from the outside world. It can be truly nerve wracking to be stuck in your fort for the night knowing you're out of food. The building aspect is also pretty cool. It's really exciting when you're building your walls and you need just a couple more pieces of wood to complete it, but the sun has gone down so you have to finish before cannibals show up.Cons: well, the biggest problem is that it's early access. Many may claim that I can't list this as a problem since it is marketed as early access and never pretends to be anything but early access, but the truth is that it is a product and when you buy it this is what it'll be like (at least for now). The game is often a buggy mess. The ""zombies"" will glitch through walls often times. You'll use resources making something just to have it not actually be crafted. These kind of glitches aren't too common, but they can kill you when they do happen and ruin your 5 hour game. While I'm sure in 6 months they'll fix the problems, but for now they exist and that what you have to play with. The other problem is kind of a half problem half not. The game's weapons are too weak. Like I said, they feel powerful but they really aren't. While I don't mind weak weapons in a game like this, they're too weak in my opinion. Even when you're 10 hours into a game and have a super fort, if you get caught fighting even 4 or 5 enemies, you're life is in serious danger. I love having the game make you feel as if you're truly outgunned so to speak, but here it feels like you're using a foam sword to fight a tank. However, many people will love how the game makes you avoid combat often because of this so it's a personal preference really.In conclusion, this a game that is good as it is, but I feel will only truly reach its full potential in a couple of months. I recommend buying it now, as it is still REALLY fun and of course the more money the studio has, the better they can make their game. I'd give it a 7.5/10 as of now and expect it to be around a 9/10 when it's finished"
76561198061982088,Recommended,242760,16334659,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,aimeepad,"A horror survival game, for anyone to enjoy, It's like minecraft but with better graphics and scarier monsters.The pros:✓ Great multiplayer version to enjoy with all friends✓ Caves to explore and maybe unlock mutant cannibles✓ You have one objective to doThe disadvantages:✗ It's super buggy at times✗ Not all buildings work via multiplayer, log-sled for example.✗ The end objective hasn't been put into game yet.For an early access game you can't really complain, the game has so much potential and I believe it will be great in the future."
76561198085513666,Recommended,242760,10310525,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mexican,"Made base, found their cave,♥♥♥♥♥♥myself, closed game. 10/10 Would recommend."
,Recommended,242760,10486698,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Vellocet,"Oh god, this is the scariest game, and so interesting.I've really enjoyed playing it, and overall, I would reccomend this game, but maybe not if you're easily scared or have a weak stomach.The game has some really great graphics, similar to Outlast, and can be hard for some computers to load.It took a while to get my Lenovo to load the game, but it's actually worth the wait."
,Recommended,242760,10295031,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Unity,I found a bush.I ate the berries from the bushI died.
76561198177630394,Recommended,242760,14458752,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Carafel,"Day 0: Woke up on a strange plane next to a small child. Not too long after, an engine appeared to have blow out and the cockpit got ripped off. I smashed my face on the seatback in front of me. Should have worn a seatbelt. And ordered a V8 from the nice attendent.Day 0.5: A strange forest man pulled the child out of the plane. Maybe he'll come back for me...Day 1: Woke up starving. Ate two whole trays of airplane food. Did get some help from the nice flight attendent. She gave me the shirt off her back. Well, the ax OUT of her back. Rummaged through some suitcases. Must have been a LOT of alchoholic tennis players on the flight. Build a little leaf hut and a nice campfire. Had granolla bars for dinner and watched the stars rise.Night 1: Golum and his family are loose in the forest. Spent the night hudded in my leaf hut with my hands over my head. The sun has to rise eventually...Day 2: Went up the hill and found a nice little pond with fish and some mushroom patches. Decided to make this my home. Started on a happy cabin and had roasted lizard for dinner.Night 2: It rained all night. Couldn't sleep. Curled up in a small mass in my leaf hut. Golum is hungry.Day 3: Built a rack to make jerky. Chopped down trees for my hut.Night 3: Forgot to eat. Everything here seems to skitter through the bushes. And my fire is burning low...Day 4: Hunted lizards most of the day. Found some berries and more mushrooms. Getting closer on my cabin.Night 4: Can't sleep, can't sleep, can't sleep, can't sleep, can't sleep, can't sleep, can't sleep...Day 5: Cleared all the trees off my little hill, and found a small camp near the beach. Must be near a nudist colony. I Found some rope in a hut. And a naked dead guy.Night 5: The trees are screaming. But I'm safe here. As long as I keep my eyes closed till dawn...Day 6: Finished my cabin! Built some tourches and a safe inside campfire. Tomorrow, storage and food.Night 6: Huddled in my cabin. Windows were a bad idea. The hills are alive... With screaming.Day 7: Found five dead bodies outside my cabin. I may have picked a bad location.Day 8: Made a bow and hunted some deer. Also finished a rabbit cage and trap. Lizard jerky and mushrooms for lunch. Build a little bench next to my pond. Gonna work on some defensive walls tomorrow.Night 8: More fighting. I think they want my lizard jerky...Day 9: Stayed inside. Golum is sitting on my bench.Day 10: Golum is still sitting on my bench...Day 11: Shot Golum in the face with my bow. He never moved. He may have already been dead. Made pretty art out of him and lit it on fire.Day 12: The locals don't like my art. They put up some of their own. I tore it down and put up more of my art.Day 13: There are forest people in my camp. I really need to find a new place to live.Day 14: Found a new place to live. And I'll have some nice neighbors.Daight ??: Woke up in a cave. The villagers tried to nom my face. But it's okay. I still have my lighter.Dighy ??: SQUIDSQUIDSQUIDSQUIDSQUIDSQUIDSQUIDSQUIDSQUAARRRGGGHHHhhh...11/10 Will get revenge on the squid-babies."
,Recommended,242760,13280072,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,AUTISMO THE GREAT,"Woke up from A Crash Plane...everythings seems nice,beautiful world,everythings seems calm...So you start building some Badass shieets!untill you go to sleep and wake up with some crack head mutants!you will never go to caves cause too scary!9/10 would keep not going in cavves"
,Recommended,242760,24027439,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,JoeLudicrous,"*( I'm aware this is early access and subject to change, This review will update as the game does to inform the potential buyer what to expect if they purchase right now) *-A crashed commercial plane leads to a Forest survival game with a twist.Cannibals roam the island (some mutated) making for a daring task to explore the massive map which includes an entire under ground cave system where you can discover new places, secrets, hidden items, new tools, weapons and consumables.-PROS-8 Player Co-Op with the ability to host the servers and save the game in many areas around the map.( super fun the more friends you have)Massive Map, this is a beautiful world that with occupy you time and satisfy your eyes with wonderful visuals.The inventory system is done very well. You have a backpack that only has limits to the amount of specific items you can carry like sticks or rocks, meds drinks snacks but doesn't limit some other things like sap and leafs. TY for no weight limits :)Plenty of items to put into that inventory, And more coming. No shortage of consumable or usable content.Ever expanding crafting systems with tools and items. Create variants of all your items or create new ones with new combinations coming out seemingly every update.A semi advanced system for crafting structures you can build for shelter or eye candy. Simple to use as well.A Nicely done Survival Guide that will generally have what you need to know in most situations like crafting and general knowledge of the the things you can come across on the open world.The game seems to run smooth almost always while looking fantastic even when playing online. ( FX 8350, Radeon 7970 16GB Ram) Full List of Graphical Options from Post processing effects like DoF, Motion Blur, Bloom, AF, etc. And a wide variety of texture and terrain settings.Fully Open World. If You can see it. You can almost always reach it.( Provided you have necessary tools and resources.There is life other than the cannibals, there are numerous animals such as Turtles, Lizards, Sharks, Dear, Alligator, Rabbit Squirrel,Various Birds, Fish and a few more.Some animals attack like The Sharks and Crocs, Some don't harm like deer, rabbit, lizards etc. Both you can hunt and eat.There are some decorative and non beneficial animals like Spiders under rocks and Bats in caves, flies over dead bodies and Starfish in the waters.The devs are SOLID. they have large updates every cycle and inform you with a counter in the main menu when the next one rolls around. They also tell you Everything they tweaked in patch notes. You can count on support with this one. I think your money is safe on this Early Access.CONS-(Some here are MY Personal Preference and some are more suggestions than Cons, Which many of friends have agreed with. Subject to disagreement if you'd like, but Its My Review :)There is no character customization, you cannot choose what you wanna look like or even what you wear when you spawn or when you progress into the game, kinda lack luster compared to other smaller survival games that offer this feature. ( Not counting the armor you can apply with Bone or Lizards skin that provides a visual add on.I believe the full day should last longer,the full day rotates in less than 25 minuets and that is seemingly too quick for a game that offers great realism and immersion. Longer days with allow you to work more without getting hungry soon after you just ate making it easier for beginners to get a grasp and explorers to explore. Longer nights means greater level of danger and risk, If you know night is gonna last a long time then you will think twice once the sun starts to set about straying too far from your base. And increasing intensity and level of fear if you do. I really believe this would make the immersion level greater.Stealth System would be a Great AdditionI notice there is no way around the cannibals. They always seem to know where you are and you really cant avoid them.in caves and dark forest, I crouch to sneak past but it fails every time. So you only have 1 linear option of going about and that is fighting or trying to run. Part of surviving is being knowledgeable about your environment and surroundings. But as of now you can only out muscle the cannibals. They are faster, hit hard and they outnumber you too. Grrr. No fair.There is No ambient music.Now don't get me wrong, the sound in this game is Very well done. And only gets better via updates. But the lack of ambient music when just strolling through the forest, sitting around a campfire or navigating through the caves can make the game feel somewhat boring at times. Subtle Ambient music like those found in Skyrim or Witcher 3 ( Just examples, Not comparing) would Really lighten things up.No way to pause the game.Hey when you playing a video game with or without friends. There are time in which we have to afk, we are people. A pause feature would be nice. taking a s*** and returning to death isn't cool.Regenerating Health.Besides Meds, (Which should have more than 8 Max in inventory) In order to regenerate health. You have to have have a full stomach and be free of thirst and....overindulge to gain more Health???  An option to be able to craft bandages fo wounds would be more realistic and sense full. Especially when Cannibals hurt bad, fire burns nicely and poison from berries doesn't help.Interior Decor for the ''Home'' you build would be coolHave a big house that took ages to make, but is extremely empty and has only one bed for multiple people XD.Excellent game all in all. Recommended for sure. Buy it for your friends, its cheap and has bewbs if your into mutant bewbs :)Given its early access and devs are great. 9/10 with ALOT of potential. Buy it Now!"
,Recommended,242760,15247488,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,★ SmolGui ★,"I found a bunch of rather friendly looking people, and thought; ""Hey, this guys could help me survive on this island!""I proceeded to walk over to them. Before I could say a word I was being eaten and spitroasted over an open fire."
,Recommended,242760,16149480,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SapientSmoke,"Still an Early Access game but nailed it from the Start! Great content with each patch released also.With this game, everydays a leg day, Run. Worth Buying."
,Recommended,242760,23554953,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,erickpasta,"Great for a few ""days"" and then becomes a slog. As you can see from other reviews, the game has some real good potential. Just wait for it to get released and read those reviews before buying."
76561198080008084,Recommended,242760,13041392,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,A Fluffy Duckling,pretty buggy but its going to be a great game when it comes out!
76561198050634881,Recommended,242760,12366513,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Jesus Christ (WTFNOOBFTW),"A game, about a forest. that's it."
76561198284609964,Recommended,242760,22849770,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,LuKeW,"This game is amazing!!! It is fun but scary at times, you can do anything i cant wait until this game is turned into a beta"
,Recommended,242760,14476764,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chunk Stuffer,cant use axe after pulling out bow 10/10
,Recommended,242760,29809091,Posted: 9 February,all,Nuna,Lots of fun and has hours of content and play through styles. Great alone or with friends.
,Recommended,242760,10411421,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Tehbeardedgamer,Interesting Game Hope they add multiplayer
76561198055474560,Recommended,242760,13932087,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,FLOGGER,"If i had to use one word to describe this: ""Beautiful"". While this game has a few (a lot of) glitches, the stunning graphics make up for it. Now for the sake, of this review, I'll talk about some of the glitches that i've encountered:1. Log sled- If you are using a log sled, run over a stick holder and jump, you will fly in the air infinitely. Until you let go of the log sled, from which point you fall to your death. (Still hilarious. Im actually starting to think the developers meant to do that because it shows off the incredible landscape.2. Happy Birthday trap (the spikey one)- When you use the trap, the cannibals will appear dead. With this glitch, they arent. as soon as you reset the trap, they come back to life. A solution: wait for their bodies to despawn (although this is incomvenient if you are being raided.)3. The multiple bodies- This is actually hilarious and doesnt cause any harm to the player. Two cannibals can get into fights. Sometimes a canibal will glitch and stand there idle while the other one attacks it. The idle cannibal is technically dead, but has the animation of staning up. Everytime a player or cannibal hits the idle cannibal, another idle body forms behind it, leaving a marvelous spectacle. (Note: this has only happened once)Overall------------------------------------------------------------------------------I think this game is amazing for how small it is (data-wise) It doesnt require much fire-power to runand still looks beautiful. The ai is great, the cave systems are beautiful, as are the different types of cannibals found there. I am overjoyed that this game is in alpha because that means this already amazaing game will become much better.My only problem: glitches and lack of variety of melee weapons.Thank you for reading this review, I hope it helped."
76561198114647103,Recommended,242760,25280458,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Holiday Inn,This game Is well Worth $15. 69/10 Would bang a mutan Again
,Recommended,242760,10523524,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,-ikon- aerosucks,dem seagulls man
,Recommended,242760,24332239,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,E se ele corresse?,Nice game!
76561198067707932,Recommended,242760,10293568,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Mr_PooMore,"This game is amazing but its TOUGH AS♥♥♥♥♥♥and the enemies are FOIAIOMCVOVOING FRUSTATING. On the other side, great awesome graphics and gameplay but a lotta bugs and you can really tell its alpha. Still a lot of features need to be added too it feels 'barebones' with limited building choices. So, just get it, its really immersive and you feel a way you dont with other games, struggling to survive not only against nature, but THOSE FREAKING BUTT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥KIDNAPPERS. Imma be playing this a lot in the future."
76561198059687697,Recommended,242760,10304084,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Hallinskioi,Got attacked by a naked dude with no genital's in a cave. 10/10 would aim for the dong again.
,Recommended,242760,10521135,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Lemmon,OMG AWESOME GET IT NOW!!!!
,Recommended,242760,17911479,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ol' Si,"Game got a bit updated, developers put some work in it, added animations , new items, improved combat with cannibals.The player now can unlock a flintlock pistol, pretty cool  , right?Recomend to play with some friends and be patient. IF you haven't bought the game aleready I would suggest purchasing it when the sales come, still needs time to be fully polished."
76561198316210124,Recommended,242760,25177177,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KurkX,"This is a great game to play co-op.  Once you establish a base and figure out crafting you can basically become unstoppable if you play smart.  Resources are pretty easy to collect except when you REALLY need something and then you can't find it anywhere for about 15 or 20 minutes.  It's like the game knows what you want/need and it hides it from you.  Or the local cannibals are using dark magic to hide the neccessities from you.  I really can't wait for the story line of the game to progress as my co-op partner and I have explored a good amount of the map, found the more impressive and helpful items, and crafted most of the materials that are available.There are plenty of bugs in the game as it is still in Alpha.  None of which make the game unplayable or unenjoyable.  Some of which that I noticed most are my axe randomly switching to the plane axe when chopping trees and I push my log cart away or get aggroed my the locals and lay them to rest.  Getting stuck at my bed/save point after loading up the game at the start of play.  Wild life and enemies will run into and through things occasionally disappearing.  Trees and bushes growing under the foundation and into your base.  Wildlife will spawn repeatedly in the same spot occasionally as well as birds flying to same spot and landing.Overall I am really enjoying this game and it's extremely fun to play.  I would like to see a wider variety of tougher enemies and enemies in general but the game is great so far at this point.  Updates and hotifxes about every 2 weeks so far which is awesome.  Hopefully the Devs keep it up because they have already fixed a lot of the bugs that I've noticed since I've started playing the game."
,Recommended,242760,24966204,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,0piuM,"I've played Rust. I've played Ark.  I've played Savage Lands.  I've played Don't Starve.  I've played DayZ. I've played Unturned.  I've played a lot of survival games, probably more than I remember.The Forest is better than them all!"
76561198080988898,Recommended,242760,26967040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jackalope,It's good.  I enjoy playing this video game.
76561198198191703,Recommended,242760,24869034,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Chicken Nugget,"Really good game. Ive owned this game for a few years and boy has it impoved from the beginnig. Graphics are on point and gameplay always has you ready to adventure or build, just dont get to wrapped up in building a house or in a cave and forget about eating/drinking. Luckely you can utilize basically every resource, so if you find yourself in a desperate situation you can always find berries or plants to eat in the forest nearby.  Caves are the best yet the scariest, hearing the echo of a cannibal from within the darkness leaving you always on edge. Completely worth it!"
,Recommended,242760,10288414,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Sinable,"There are some things to know about this game before you buy it.#1: There are still many bugs (This is a EAG Review). Some tools will be inside eachother when you hold them in your hand. I found this very annoying because i couldnt get the right tool out withought dropping something. But im sure this will be fixed withen the next few updates.#2: You will be very paranoid about your surroundings and allways think that you're being watched, and most of the time you will be. The enemy will test you. Sometimes you may see one get right next to you just to look at you. As i was building my first shelter a nude woman came up to me and just stared. I didn't want to fight, so i just kept to my business and kept building. As soon as i picked up a big log and couldnt hold my weapon, she lunged towards me and attacked. I pulled out my axe and she ran away. I thought this was very interesting because she knew when i was vulnerable. In other occasions i have seen them on the beach eating. As i went up to them they looked at me, and it seemed like they were testing me in a way. They would run at me, stop, and just stare. It felt like they were seeing what I would do. Eventally they attacked me, nearly killed me, and i woke up in a cave covered in blood.#3: You will have to survive. Nothing will be easy and given to you. The Survival Guide book given to you in the beginning is your key to everything. You will need to use it to build shelters, fires, houses, ect.Keep in mind that this review was written the first day the game was released, and many things will changed, added, fixed, and removed.Im very happy with the game, and I know that it will just get better."
76561198027304507,Recommended,242760,17115646,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Deku,Gr8 game just need fixing on some glitches.
76561198219290527,Recommended,242760,20801911,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Ipseity,"Graphics and AI are fantastic. Very interactive and immersive. Terrifying and exciting. Although the game is still in development and there are a few bugs, it's very playable. Play in singleplayer for the true nightmare experience or coop if you need someone to watch your back.Only gripe is the boring little hackers trying to ruin the fun."
,Recommended,242760,10343234,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,_pelicAn,"Day 1 : LandingToday was a bad day. When the plane crashed we landed near a mountain. When I came too, a man with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥unlike the others took my child. Now I'm not saying that's pedophilea, but it's pedophilea.Day 2 : TurtlesI hack at them with this head I found off a dead body. My hand goes through the turtle and hits the ground. The turtles is like ""HA I DON'T GIVE TWO ♥♥♥♥♥,"" and I'm here just like ""FOOOOOOOOOOOOD, Time to drink my own♥♥♥♥♥♥""Day 3 : CannibalsThey looked at me from the forest, so staying on shore is a better idea.. How horny are these guys? They probably want to♥♥♥♥♥♥me now too.Day 4 : CaveI woke up in a cave with a bunch of dead bodies. I found an axe, a flaregun, and a few meds to OD later with. When I got out, two pedophiles started to chase me. ""SWIGGITY SWOOGITY IM COMING FOR THAT BOOTY,"" They chanted. I started to cry but then I had an idea. I shot my flare gun but missed. I accidentaly dropped it and picked it back up, now there was two?Day 5 : EndI went into a cave I found near shore. I got stuck in a rock. 10/10"
76561198307605504,Recommended,242760,23655343,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,enferno2000,Love the game (played 26 hours in a week!) amazing. I would like to see somw things from the ideas section (discusions) come to life because thier are some really cool things thier.
,Recommended,242760,24069311,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Charles,"This game will terrify you, then delight you with a bird on your hand, and then terrify you again.10/10Me and my friend stayed in a house at night, we heard noises.Lets just say, something big broke it."
76561198143501037,Recommended,242760,22030668,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Runertje550,"Buying this after a few years of playing non-steam really blew my mind, I am so impressed to the work that the devs have done, I actually thought this game was a kinda dead after forgetting about it for 2/3 years, but I see how it's still being played and updated!The new things they've put in gave me so many ideas to do, like, I started a new game after years, gathered supplies, went to the beach, made a shack on a cliff, made some defences around it, I see a cannibal, he doesn't attack me, and he keeps fleeing when I go to him, I call him ""Henk"" , he runs off in to the forrest, that night, I just see ""Henk"" again, but with 2 other cannibals, they attack, one gets caught in my trap (you can check my screenshots) , I kill the other one while he's trying to break in my base, the last attacked just screams from a distance and just runs off crying.It's one the best experiences I've ever had in video games, 10/10 would get attacked by strange mutant naked people again."
,Recommended,242760,10334428,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,AnnePranks,This game rocks i cannot wait to see how this will develop over time i hope they add a multiplayer or co-op feature but im not complaining apart from that it is a really great concept and it makes a nice change of zombie survival games xD10/10 For exploding bodies when you hit them
,Recommended,242760,10388957,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Bread,Whacked a cannibal with his friends leg off a cliff.10/10
,Recommended,242760,17574827,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Fa11nAng317,I chopped down a tree and it fell on my house....10/10 such real gameplay
,Recommended,242760,10384947,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,LowPriorityWardDispenser_Kappa,Got jumped by 3 naked men and a naked woman. Got gangbanged Compton style.11/10 would relive my life in the hood.Thug life.
76561198053787974,Recommended,242760,10295652,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Radioactivedog,"So far i've only dived into 30-60 min of gameplay, but within this time limit i have crafted a crude shelter, found enough alcohol to suffice me for many long and dreary nights, attempted to protect myself from these mutants only to be dragged back to their cave numerous times; and last but not least befriended a squadren of turtles which have now become my ultimate family and i will live the rest of my days learning their hunting techniques and sleeping habits. We will continue to wage war with the seagull ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that took our little Jeremy away from us and never give in to their evil ways. My pro tip to you grow a shell."
76561198143520810,Recommended,242760,23809557,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,907riley,"This game is one of the best survival games out there. From the amazing crafting menu and inventory layout to the vast extense of the cave systems, this game is amazing. Also, the devs are very active and release updates on a schedule. This game is more fun with friends, but it is still an amazing game for all you singleplayers out there. 10/10"
76561198030072012,Recommended,242760,20436782,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ragnar19d,One of the best survival games. After they added Co-op it became an even better game. Chop lots of trees down and build your traps well. Never let the savages capture you.
76561198143099025,Recommended,242760,16477323,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zach,ayyy its a good game
76561198042917872,Recommended,242760,10337807,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,The Friendly Faucet bandit,This game has so much to offer... but theres a few things i hope that get put into it... like more reasons to go into the cannibal villages and caves... something like...  the only way to find other things to build are in cannibals camps/ caves... like more pages to the suvivel book... or some paper with cannibal text and some how you have to find out what it means... higher the risk better the reward!!i also have another idea... somewhere on the island you find your bag... with pictures a diary and a back story to who you are... it would be cool if the story would be different for each person but i think that would be kinda hard to do...anway... i do recommend this game to anyone who likes this genre of game... sorry for spelling mistakes and the lack of grammer
76561198022764844,Recommended,242760,12106102,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Ser Arthur Dayne,"The Short Version: Wait for the beta or the official launch.  None of the features are implemented in any kind of finished state.  It's better to spend money on a finished product, today, than to buy an unfinished/undesigned product for ""tomorrow"".  In all seriousness, this project might not even fully finish. (See TOWNS)I'm here to counter all these positive reviews by people who barely played 10 hours.Pros:This game has many outstanding concepts and features:>FPShooter non-shooterI've been waiting for games like these since TRIBES tRPG>Open-World>CraftingWeapons and supplies>ConstructionShelter and defenses>EnemiesDanger and tension from the native mutants>Needs drivenThe one game that doesn't need a hunger and rest and cold mod!>Dynamic WeatherDay to Night, Rainy/Sunny, possible snowy/frigid environment on the mountain.>Absence of storyIn a survival-game the ending is death and the story is literally the sum of the events of your game. There is no convoluted story to understand and follow. There is no main-line objective obstructing your progress.  It's more open-ended than anything out so far.  It's more solitary than any horror story.  You truly are alone and you truly don't know what to do next, rather than constantly hearing some tutorial or figuring out some menial puzzle, respectively.  This aspect of games are largely forgotten and gamers constantly feel like they got strangers holding their hands every time they play a new game.  It's refreshing to have a manual and a start game and to be set loose on this island without having to look at a picture of a slow-talking and historically-inaccurate representation of a person telling me how to wipe my own♥♥♥♥♥♥That is the best aspect of the game, though; it's list of features.Cons:And with that said, I move on to the finer points of the review.  Finer in terms of scope.  A more in-depth look at each point.  A more realistic gauge on what the game is, and where it lands on the scale between buy now and buy later.  Indeed, you wouldn't want a nice looking game that doesn't play well.None of the features are anywhere close to being implemented.  Yes, you can fish, and farm, and build a boat, and build a house, and chop down a tree, and so on.... you could do all these things and be satisfied for a few days just working your way through the list of features, but you won't find yourself doing any of them a second or third time.Very quickly, you learn that the quality of the implemented features are barely placeholder status.  Most things you can do are written off as an alpha feature when you read the responses to the complaint about it.  If you've ever played a hugely unsatisfying game then you'll know what I'm talking about. Chop down your twentieth tree and it's likely to be your last....out of boredom.  If there's a mutant attacking you he causes the game to play a spooky noise, which is quite thrilling.  The novelty of such things, however, wear out fast and soon even encountering the main threat of the game is like encountering a group of pidgeons being fed; utterly mundane.  That novelty would have hit me much better and would still be a factor if the game was immersive.  Sadly my experiences with these alpha features have likely ruined any future experience I might have with those features entirely.My review would likely be far more positive if the game had improved over time but the features keep getting added in a very unsatisfying way, and much too little in between too long times.  I have tried every build since v0.01 and it still feels like im playing the same game except with more annoyances.  Every time Space Engineers updates they have a game changing edition in a pretty well polished form.   So far, the form in which features are implemented with this game falls just short of ""worth throwing a tantrum"".I didn't even bother trying v0.06B.  Why are they populating the world when there's absolutely nothing for them to do?  These mutants can barely even do a patrol, let alone more complex scripting and even combat.  I'd rather they flush out the map borders, seeing as we can't even access the whole map yet.Features:>FPSCombat ranges from Clunky to downright garbage.  You can't even aim the bow properly and arrows collide with just about everything except your intended target.  Don't even get me started on melee.>Open-WorldWe can't even access the whole map.  The part of the map that we can access has very little to see and even less to do.  Once you realize you've finished building your base you lose all purpose and start going on suicide missions to lure out and kill a super mutant as a quasi-achievement.>CraftingJust like most other games, gather the materials and combine them.  Unlike most other games, theres VERY little to make.>BuildingProbably the feature that's gotten the most attention and the feature that's the least satisfying.  From stairs to walls to prefab-buildings, they all have some kind of kink in them when they're actually built.  Building them raises many more problems, and gathering the materials raises even more.  From crude mechanics like how trees are chopped, to fun-sapping useless mechanics like how trees fall over in perfectly lengthened logs, to broken mechanics like resource spawns (Rocks, farms, etc)>EnemiesRidiculous combat and encounter AI will have you annoyed not long before the terror wears thin.  From idiotic women following you around to waking up to a group of mask wearing dudes who like theyre guarding a basketball hoop...all of your interactions get old very fast and the AI shows it's intelligence quickly.  They'll dart in and retreat over and over to no effect.  They'll trigger the spooky mutant noise while perched in a tree, obviously stuck from a bug.   You'll walk into ghost-town camps.  You'll come across patrols making bee-lines between the water and some point outside of their nearest village.>Needs drivenFor a game that revolves around satisfying your needs, AKA SURVIVAL, it does really poorly in giving you options to solve your needs-related problems.  There's only one building in which you can rest, currently.  There's only one reliable food-source (forage) in a game where farming and breeding would be a no-brainer second and third option and should be their top priorities.  Cooking raw meat can break your fire and force you to build another fire and cook another piece of meat.  The main hunting technique, in a survival game, is to run up to it and hit it with an axe, whatever ""it"" is.  Wet/Dry and rest/energy is rudimentary at best and broken at other times.  The only real penalty is having an annoying tooltip remind you of how cold you are, or not being able to sprint.>Dynamic WeatherJust plain broken.  Thunderstorms frequency is way too high.  Night seems way longer, as if it's winter, and keeping yourself awake in day hours seems to be a trial in itself.  GTA III did it better a decade ago.>Absence of storyThough I wrote up on how good it is that this game has no real story, the evidence of the child in the beginning cutscene seems to suggest that a story isn't out of the picture.  It could just be that the absence of story is another alpha feature.In my opinion, you're better off waiting for a finished game or at least a BETA.  The way it is now, spending money is just spoiling a good finished game for you.  It's like buying the episode spoilers for your favorite show.  Don't reward complacency.  Buy the game when the devs actually develop the game further.  I've been sitting on this product in the same state for months."
76561198032123696,Recommended,242760,10354710,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,The Holocaust™,"Still needs a lot of work, creatures die to fire to easily. I found the large creatures glitched in a cave. Heaps of bugs to many to name. But this has the potential to be one the of the greatest games ever."
,Recommended,242760,23473366,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Agent JLG,Good for a high performance computer.
,Recommended,242760,16656713,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Little Monkey,This is one of the best games I've ever played but my friend tried to get it and it's not on Mac! :(
,Recommended,242760,18356271,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ｄａｄｄｙ,"Great game, had so much fun, even made a treehouse!!! Stole some dy-no-mite from the weird naked guys and threw it at them later, accidentally blew up my treehouse as well, but rebuilt a few minutes later"
,Recommended,242760,10315089,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Swiggity :^),Beaten unconscious and drug into a cave by a tribe of naked women.10/10
76561198096885773,Recommended,242760,18345475,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Sloth Jesus,"Audio doesn't work properly. Otherwise, it's a great game.4/10, 9/10 w/ audio"
76561198123247394,Recommended,242760,29252316,Posted: 14 January,all,☢VaultGirl☢,"Well, I just had to take the time to leave a review for this game which i would class as one of my absolute favourites dispite being early access and which i will continue following and playing.I am a scaredy cat... I couldn't bring myself to play this alone without freaking out at the pitter patter of a deer in the distance about to run past me or an unseen rabbit lurking in the bushes rustling. So i played with a couple of friends. Still scared but feeling a little more confident we ventured. Built a base on the island crafting whatever we could to help us survive. The cannibles are quite frankly horrifying at first. The noises when you are caught out at night are enough to curdle your blood at times. Especially when you can tell they are coming from a mountain somewhere probably spying down on you, stalking ready to strike some time.The caves are where the early access shows. Don't get me wrong they are unnerving and so fun to go through but lacking in enemys in some places. Never the less you want to search the entire thing to find clues to what has happened. All in the aim to get to that dramatic sinkhole you come across at some point while adventuring.The story had a turn i didn't really see coming and is open ended which makes it quite exciting to think of whats going to be added from now to the time of full release.In short terms. I have had an absolutely amazing time with this game already. Have completed it twice. The building and gathering has that addictive feel. The story is great for an alpha. I cannot make this game sound as great as it is so buy it and put in the time to find out!"
76561198114188148,Recommended,242760,12206305,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[RKSD] Executioner,Its a little bit buggy but sooooooooooo fun i playt it for like ours definitly a good buy!!
,Recommended,242760,10420051,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Laim,"Child was taken by naked man.I died after being hit by a tree.Spawned in weird sex cave.Chased by naked man who after I killed, had clothes.Went for dinner, came back, my log cabin was gone and I had -36/0 logs to collect.11/10 would pay for again."
,Recommended,242760,10288990,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ActualRaptor,"Crashed in a plane, survived, went out of plane. Saw boobs, worth it. 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,14195192,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,PoisonIvy_B,ภาพสวย บั๊คกระจุยกระจาย รูปแบบเกมน่าสนใจแต่ซื้อตอนมันลดดีกว่า เคยซื้อมาตั้งเเต่ออกใหม่ๆ ภาพ สี เเสงยังธรรมดามากๆผ่านไปสักหน่อยมาเล่นอีกรู้สึกพัฒนาไปเยอะ เพลินเลยทีเดียวเหมาะเล่นกับเพื่อนๆ เพราะเล่นคนเดียวเหงามากแต่ได้อารมณ์เซอไวว้าววว ดีเล่นไปซัก30ชม+ ณ จุดนี้จะเริ่มรู้สึกว่า...ตูควรทำอะไรต่อ
76561198131312759,Recommended,242760,10382636,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Grizllow,"bets game i have, need a better computer to have best graphics though"
76561198013572257,Recommended,242760,10525806,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Klumel,Dispite that the game is still in Alphastage and got alot off bugs. It is still a really cool game to play with a future of getting better and better. pls support bye buying this game and keeping it alive
76561198010751023,Recommended,242760,17479818,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Starfallen,Once the sun goes down you start worry about whats coming for you.
76561198041758758,Recommended,242760,13505475,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,K9,Really good but new bugs every updatenow to get started epic survival gaem with some spooky aspects and some challenging enemies good physicsand epically challenging to start in
,Recommended,242760,10498483,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Lex,"This is a review of The Forest v.0.02 (v0.03 in game im not sure why it is incosistent like that)I had originally made a negative review on the game with the supporting evidence of the wonky A.I. and the lack of support for lower quality systems like the one i own.I'd just like to point out how wrong I was after the first major update came out which considerably improved performance to the point that the game, on my $400 system, was playable and ran quite well.Even though the difficulty and A.I. mechanics could be refined in order to make to make the game a lot easier for a casual gamer who wants a game he/she can sinks hours into with no intentions of ""making it big,"" I believe the game is solid at this point and only requires some polishing.Hope this was helpful!~Lex"
,Recommended,242760,11646781,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,็็็็็็็็็็,Road a sea turtle into battle.15/10
76561198132351593,Recommended,242760,10746027,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cat,This game is good but it would be better if THEY FIXED SOME OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING BUGS!!! ONE TIME ONE OF THE ♥♥♥♥♥ CANNIBALS HIT ME AND I WENT FLYING ACROSS THE ♥♥♥♥ING MAP (which isnt even done being made yet)! besides all that the game is great.
76561198049927042,Recommended,242760,10296578,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,the_d00d,My dream of becoming Bear Grylls has finally come true.
76561198010553324,Recommended,242760,10679798,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nobz,"Lots of potential, very buggy as is."
,Recommended,242760,29242187,Posted: 14 January,all,drewski,"This game is in alpha, there are some gameplay bugs. Given. But, those few bugs aside, this game is amazing. 9/10Pros:1. Best story, hands down, I have ever experienced in a game. (Cut scenes are rare, short, and ACTUALLY make groundbreaking inpacts on the plot.2. Amazing co-op experience. All of the bugs I experienced that I actually needed to note because they impacted my experience were because of co-op. (ex. Entering a cutscene with another player in co-op caused them to fall through the world infinitely. Had to restart from last save.)3. PvE is fun. It isn't exactly hard but once you enter the caves it sure as hell ain't easy when you find harder enemies. If you gear up, recruit a pal to take on the big guys with you, it's enjoyable and sometimes got my heart racing. (Boss fights are ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!)Either Pro or Con:1. If you don't look for the clues, you might never find a piece of the story. You actually have to put a lot of effort into solving the story for yourself, the game doesn't hand it to you. I personally enjoyed this and having someone to play with that had just enough information to get us to the next plot point made running around the island looking for clues a blast! :DCons:1. Not for the faint of heart. I'm not saying this game is utterly terrifying and competes with big horror games on the horror scale, but god damn I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing scardy cat. The sound engineering in this game is what sets the mood. Some cut scenes had the most generically ominous music I ever heard but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥.. (Just scheduled my first PTSD rehab session in town...)2. Saving progress can be annoying and inconvenient, but preventable. The only way to save in caves (where most of the plot points occur) are by building a small shelter with sticks and leaves. I ran out of sticks quick and ended up being forced to keep pushing on, and on, and on until my co-op friend and I decived to call it quits because it was 3am and to retrace ALL (A-♥♥♥♥ING-LOT) of our steps in the morning. Really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying, but annoyance here is preventable if you wait until you know you absolutely should.Notable bugs:1. Falling through floors, rare though. Sometimes through the entire map, sometimes just to the next durface available like falling through the floor of my cabin to the sand below. Eh.2. Being forced into the same spot as another co-op player or item like a log can launch you into the air and kill you from fall damage. Double Eh.TL;DR- ♥♥♥♥ing amazing story, chills me to the bone. Have fun digging for clues! :D"
,Recommended,242760,11174266,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,SynShadows,"I don't usally buy games in Alpha but this was totally worth it.The forest has a great atmosphere, you dont want be walking around at night time incase you are being stalked by the cannibles, even in the daylight you have to keep your guard up. It's a good idea to to have a raft nearby so you can escape into the sea, the cannibles wont be able to chase you.  Things like this make this game worth buying, even in such an early stage.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,242760,10540808,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,My Jiggy Hearto,"Hella buggy, damn birds everywhere (bird hater), can swim through air, and yo shadow aint got no head. 100% worth"
,Recommended,242760,10300660,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,CrimSOn2,"This game is amazing! it's how Wrong Turn but with crazy maya-cannibals :DOkay, the game has bugs but its early access and not complete.But when u see the features of the game.... its fantastic!10/10"
,Recommended,242760,12164736,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Deltaox,"Awesome game, fun and scary"
76561198105431657,Recommended,242760,12441843,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,aSackOfDerp,The game is extremely fun. With all the new updates and multiplayer coming soon. i believe this game will continue on to be great
76561198178762973,Recommended,242760,14683915,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,CaptBirdBeard,great game in the works. great potential !
76561198062856452,Recommended,242760,10836170,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,OpenMik2,Like Finding Nemo with less fish and more cannibals.
,Recommended,242760,10303651,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TommyWallbang,"Only played one hour so far. However it's exceeding my expectations in terms of immersion, atmosphere and graphics. (Seriously, this game is beautiful!).My only gripe is that The Player is engaged by the Tribesman really quickly. You barley have time to get familarize yourself with controls and basic mechanics, before you're attacked and dragged off into a cave (which is not a scripted event). However, I've only started a new game twice, so other players might have a different experience.I'm going to stop playing for now, because the game is filled with a few bugs including rendering players unable to save game, forcing them to start from scratch every death."
76561198103500300,Recommended,242760,11442485,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Zenador,"Day 1:NoonI awoke in the wreckage of a small passenger aircraft, hungry and confused. All of my fellow passengers seemed to have vanished save for a woman with an axe lodged in her stomache. After finding a packaged snack and recovering the axe from that poor woman I struck out into the forest. Not long afterwards I began to hear rustling in the bushes. Fearing some sort of wild animal attack I quickly fled to a small clearing. As the sun began to set I realised that I would need warmth and shelter to survive the night. After creating a small fire and a makeshift lean-to I settled in for the night.Day 2:Sometime around midnightI awoke with a start and looked around, searching in vain for whatever disrupted my sleep. The stars shone brightly through the trees, but my fire had gone out. Quickly, I sat up and dug the old BIC lighter out of my pocket to re-light it. Once the warm glow of the fire had once again bathed me in its comforting glow I took my first proper look around.And thats when I saw them.There were three in total, standing just outside the firelight. They wore nothing but tattered loin cloths, and had no hair whatsoever. They appeared human, caucasian and tall in build. But their eyes. The eyes of those monsters had no human quality. They were completely black, glassily meeting my gaze. Just watching, waiting......staring"
,Recommended,242760,13729676,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,zep,rust with cannibals
,Recommended,242760,10292695,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,J. Dub,"This game is great.This was my first experince with the game. I wake up in a crashed plane. I immediately gather food and meds that are left over from the crash. Then I pull an axe out of a womens stomach. I'm out of the plane and I see a bunny. The first thought into my mind is ""FLESH. I NEED FLESH!"" I charge at the bunny and chop it up. I then hear screaming from behind me. I look and see a pack of 5 mutants walking towards me. My heart stops and I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. I start running the opposite direction to try to get away and I come upon a cave. I look behind me and there still chasing. There was no other way to go but the cave. I walk inside. Its pitch black. I pull out a cigarette lighter using it for light. I trek deeper into the cave and I come across an underground pond. I look above me and I see bodies hanging from the ceiling. I think to myself ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥"" On the other side of the pond I see a man standing there. Another one of the mutants. I pull out my axe and approach him. I see no other choice but to kill him. I swing my axe in to him a couple times and hes dead. Then I hear more screaming from behind me. Another pack of mutants. I walk backwards only to end up walking into a wall. I'm trapped. They all start charging at me. I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself once more. I quickly press escape and exit the game.The Forest has been one of the most anticipated games of this year. It dosen't fail to impress. At this moment in the game there are a LOT of bugs. One of the major ones being not being able to save your game which kinda sucks. But its not a reason to not buy the game. The $15 is well worth it. Once the full game is released the price is surely to rise. So why not buy it now.11/10 would bang."
,Recommended,242760,25507924,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DragonBurns,Ok game. Nothing too special.
,Recommended,242760,11112814,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,dong gobbler,"It is really good, do not usaully expect this level of detail from an alpha build. Really looking forward to being able to have a private server with my mates:)"
,Recommended,242760,10386063,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,SuperSonu222,I Love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242760,10329709,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Please Don't Touch My Raf,"Day One: Looks like I crashed in the middle of nowhere. Huh. Well, first thing I should I do is loot. I proceeded to exit the half of the plan that I was in. I went to the shore and collected twigs. Found a boat that was wrecked pretty close to the shore. Got some booze, drank it and continued. Next, survival was important. I found a pond, jabbed a sharp stick at some fish and continued. I saw some weird tribal markers. I kept a low profile and headed inward. I had the perfect area: Flat piece of dirt with some foliage to cover myself. I just put down my blueprint for my shelter when I looked behind me. 3 ""humans"" were behind me. Two were male and one was female. We exchanged looks and I BONZAI charged them. Didn't go to well. They outnumbered me and I died. Or so I thought.Day Two: Woke up in blood, tried and hungry. I soon found out they kidnapped me to their lair and soon found some of the passangers. I found the exit and decided to start new again. I found a lake and from where I was standing, I had the higher ground. I also saw three ""humans"" run away when I got there. I shrugged it off and began to build camp. I just finished my hut when AGAIN the same people hunted me down and surrounded me. I died.10/10 would bonzai charge again"
,Recommended,242760,13053339,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Th3B3ast1y,8/8 JANE'S BOOBS LOL NO BUT GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME PROPS TO CREATOR
76561198044406923,Recommended,242760,12960063,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Pablo Escobar,"VERY unique game.  I don't think anyone would have came up with this idea.  Updates are what, every 20 or 30 days?  Maybe even less?  All I know that updates are active and bringing us new content and fixes.PS: Caves are scary even with a friend..."
,Recommended,242760,12988202,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Cronic,best game ever recomended
76561198074922858,Recommended,242760,13009876,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Nintemic,"The forest is such a beautiful game. This is the first survivor horror game i've ever played and im glad it is. The music, atmosphere, and gameplay is beyond what i expected. Plus the bugs in multiplayer are hilarious. Swimming in the air is always fun. I can't stop playing this game."
,Recommended,242760,13204354,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,xRoilan,"Great game, still a bit buggy, but thats expected from an Alpha."
76561198075091223,Recommended,242760,12923334,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,joo,nice game
76561198065203571,Recommended,242760,12989929,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Zafer :<,"One second alone, next second being stalked. 10/10 would stalk again."
,Recommended,242760,20418047,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Etits Bakatski,Overall graphics is great. The game itself is a masterpiece and the devs focuses on how will the game improve over time and get more people to play the game. There's still a lot of bugs in the game but it's ok for the game is still in beta and not yet fully complete. Would recommend this game 10/10.
,Recommended,242760,10821380,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Super WOLFCULT 64,"I did a poo in my pants, 10/10."
,Recommended,242760,23183471,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Herr Baron Von Blue,I've had a lot of fun with this game and I totally recommend getting this but only if you have friends to play it with
76561198047759632,Recommended,242760,13073669,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,theluckythirdshot,"This is a game. A game in an early stage of dv but, a game none the less. I will never forget the elated feelings i got when i first cut down a tree. Physical marks in wood were seen, the tree actually fell(unlike later when if flew up into the stratosphere). I like the concept and concidering the engine, they have done a good job. As i said, it is in there early stages so i expect alot from this game. I must recomend this if you like a different approach to Day-Z or Rust."
76561198068313109,Recommended,242760,23558406,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,robo,It's uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhpretty good!
,Recommended,242760,22310890,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Insanity Interrnogotiator,"There is not much to say about the Forest. Its another one of those survival games, build, upgrade, kill your enemy and thrive. Although this brings to the table a new concept, fear. This game itself doesn't make the player build a big house and massive weapons to defend against the enemy. No, it never lets you get to that point. It always leaves you vulnerable and no matter how big or built up your base is and how upgraded you are, you will still be worried when you hear the screams of the cannibles. This game has so many ways in which it tries to scare you, whether its a good ten or so cannibles sprinting at you through the forest or being stalked by one in a cave. You will always be on alert and always afraid of something bigger and scarrier turning up at your front door. Oh and did I mention trhere are mutants that look like spiders and can jump from trees onto your face and kill you.....A great addiction to the survival genre, although I recommend playing with friends cause it makes it so much funner to hear your friends scream and shout as cannibles ravish your base. And also their is explosives which just make it so much fun to fight and muck around with friends in the middles of The Forest."
76561198083492438,Recommended,242760,23780402,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Do Not Resuscitate,"Been keeping up with this for years now. Every patch is getting better and better which is awesome! In my own opinion this is worth every dollar, maybe even invite a friend for multiplayer. My only issue thus far is the  multiplayer difficulty scaling, which still seems too light. In single player the difficulty seems to scale well but multiplayer still seems too easy with only two people. After 30 days surivied and all caves explored with a buddy, I just feel as though the nights should be harder. Perhaps we get 3 patrols of 3 or 4 normal mutants  per night which are fodder at this point. Perhaps we get an Armsey or Legsey every 2 nights. Still waiting for the trailer with 3 special mutants and a ton of fodder! But seriously this game rocks, can't wait to see what is in the future. Keep it up devs."
,Recommended,242760,11171533,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,The Hammer Of Light,"Of all the open world games, this game I have fallen completely in love with.  I was extremely disappointed with what happened to Rust.  But then I came across The Forest, and my hope in open world games was restored 110%.  The world you enter can be so beautifully bright and in another moment suspenseful and terrifying.  One moment you’re building your home enjoying the sounds of birds and the sound of the ocean, and the next you’re running from half naked cannibals in trees.  And if they catch you, good luck when you wake up.  This game is in early development still, but has so much potential.  As long as the dev’s keep on the path of listening to the real community and don’t lose sight where they are going with this game, it may be one of the best open world survival games yet.  There is potential for a great story line that is shrouded in mystery.  And I can say that when they add Coop-multiplayer I will buy everyone who wants to try it out in my TS community a copy."
76561198059290577,Recommended,242760,10310589,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Toast,"I've been playing this quite abit even without the saving mechanic and I love it, seeing naked cannibals jump from tree to tree is the best thing ever, 11/10One time I found a tennis ball and when I threw the ball at a cannibal they just flew away. 11/10Don't be a scrub and play without 'Mutators' its the best thing. Just remember 420 blaze it m8"
,Recommended,242760,12850575,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,nYghti 派手な奴,"The Forest is a good game, I think they should rename it into ""Bear Gryllz the hardcore survival Guide Simulation"" because in the normal TV show they only show you how to survive in normal forests but in this game you gonna get a new phobia if you like to travel with plans and like to discover caves but as I said they shoud rename it into ""Bear Gryllz the hardcore survival Guide Simulation"" I meant there are cannibals that are not in the normal TV show and they dont like you from the beginning so dont even try to make a friendly contact with them , but if you are an adventurer as I am and like to do a big slaugther then go ahead and buy that game they fixed the performance problems i got now like 40 fps more then before , to build a base is awesome and it feels realistic and it looks very nice .You can even get a diving suit in some caves and dive with it under water :D but dont go into the ocean , because there are sharks. The game looks very nice for a game that is made with unity enginee. I played it now like 23 because and I think I will play it way longer because they're updating the game every 1-2 weeks so keep it going and you can report to them buggs via twitter and as my last few words its for what it is very cheep. If you got 2 more friends you gonna have a great time for a price of 15 euros .So thats my review for The Forest hope you enjoy it. If you are going to play it and you are from Germany and you are in search for some mates to play with just add me and ask me I like to make new contacts .So now Im out ah and my PC Specs are:GPU:Nvidia Geforce GTX 970 Gigabyte Gaming G1CPU:I7 4790k @4ghz (the normal clock)Ram:2x4gb g.skill 1600mhz dual kitMainboard: Gigabyte Z97X-UD3HI get on the highest Settings like 80fps ~So Hope you enjoy my review"
,Recommended,242760,22840224,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,stargazer_dragon,"Great game thus far, there are still a few glitchs and it has crashed a couple of times, but it has been on eof the better games of it's type thus far. there choice to not allow trees to regrow very muich anoys me however. if your like ma dn enjoy building up large complex bases be prepared to run a LOT as those logs start to get ungodly far away and at least for me this GREATLY detracts from game play. Google searches tell me this was intentional which I think was a bad mistake, I feel the host should be allowed to set regrowth time or have some form of plantable tree that can be reasonably harvested or something. but I still strongly recomened the game if you enjoy suvival type games."
76561198048086506,Recommended,242760,22930868,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,CoffeeBlender,"Fun Level (1-10): 9Updates: Very FrequentStory (1-10): 4, Since it's still in DevelopmentRealism: Pretty RealisticEmotions i got: Impressed, Proud (Of my creation i made in the game), ScaredAI: ImpressiveGame in General (1-10): 7,5.Game in General (When Completed, this is what i assume/think): 9GREAT GAME!"
,Recommended,242760,15062260,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,[STIG] MentalShark,"awesome game, not completed at the moment and there are lots of bugs, but it's totally going somewhere"
,Recommended,242760,10381272,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,YourBoogieMan,"I'm surprised at how much fun this game is for an early access game.  All of the really negative reviews I've read don't seem to understand how pre-alphas work.  It's like the Boy Scouts meets...actually the rest is kind of like the Boy Scouts, too.  The game has a lot of potential.  Plus, I get to chop up bodies and make effigies out of them.  Just like The Boy Scouts."
76561198069836196,Recommended,242760,20605317,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BigflippinSquirrel,"I Hope The Forest becomes the benchmark of the survival genre!with its beautiful setting,refreshing take on player inventory, and diary style UIimersive material's gathering etc,truely intimidating enemies,and feel all of its own. there is nothing on the market like it!Highly Recommend, and cannot wait for more updates!Well Done Dev's!"
76561198006523225,Recommended,242760,24374537,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Bullzero,great game
76561197986166866,Recommended,242760,10440327,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,AnimeFaggot,The forest is the best game evar it has the most best graphics in the urvival games and its the game of the  year 2014
76561197967600568,Recommended,242760,10313427,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,brenza,"Played for 4 hours straight on first sitting, game is kind of a mix between DayZ and minecraft. I feel like Bear Grylls during a Zombie Apolcalypse (although they are not quite zombies). Fishing while building log cabins, awesome.. Plenty of bugs including not being able to save game which is frustrating but obviously to be expected with v0.01 alpha. Awesome fun and looks very promising."
76561198038665464,Recommended,242760,10584967,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Aura_),Probably the best surv game ive ever played
,Recommended,242760,20577561,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Jingle's Jangles,"Me and 2 other friends played this for 7 hours straight and had the most fun we have ever had with a game. as a single player game, it's fine. but as a multiplayer game it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, buggy but it's worth dealing with. and it can only get better as the game moves towards a full release."
,Recommended,242760,12282883,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,{PRO...X} Reading Rainbow,its like home alone but with even beter traps and cannibals
,Recommended,242760,30631837,Posted: 20 March,all,你好,I NEED HELP!!11!!!11!Why i not see people name and peoples in my game my server if all people options is on???????!?!???HALP ME!!1!11!!!!11!
76561198072932385,Recommended,242760,10374930,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,coats,"I'm in love with the game and it's world.As of alpha 0.0.1:Wait until the next version, unless you are an experience game tester. The save feature isn't fixed yet. Aside from that, the game is everything the trailers demo and more. The inventory system, crafting system and building systems are all woundeful as well."
,Recommended,242760,10966298,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AKAHurricane,The only way to actually kill a cannibal is by cutting it up into pieces with an axe you found stabbed in a woman's back. Also you can kill bunnies with no remores11/10 would bang.
76561198103547493,Recommended,242760,10574583,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,martinpet,The game is realy cool! But is realy hard to play when you enter for a first time.Firts you have to check your setting because if you don`t do it it will laggi♥♥♥♥♥hell. I am with laptop and when i start i was lagging then i sow the setting and I change my seting so for Laptop and now it work perfect.So don`t forget to check your settings :)
76561198015981456,Recommended,242760,20405998,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,dArkimbA,"Been playing this game for a while and can say that It's one of the better ones out there as of this date.There is alot of games that are buildt up on the same thing, including having zombies / hostile mobs attacking etc.I was looking for a game when I found The Forest that allowed me to build freely, without any Villagers / Zombies attacking my base etc.And I did play The Forest a little bit before I knew I could turn the villagers / zombies off at anytime.I messed around a little bit and finally figured out that I had to type ""veganmode"" to disable those zombies.The good thing about The Forest is that it allows you to turn them off in the main menu then build up a base / save the game and then turn them back on with ""meatmode"". (This allows you to build up your base instead of having them to pick on you now and then while you are building).Chopping trees / building freely / gathering resources / exploring caves / hunting wildlife - This game is truly a good quality game. Highly recommend it, even if it's in alpha stage it's worth it - compared to other games in Alpha state.5/5 Stars"
,Recommended,242760,10731291,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nox,"One of the few games that kept me coming back. While it does have its issues and bugs, the developers seem to be on top of it, and after seeing they were looking for more help, I'd expect this game to become an extremely enjoyable game sooner then most other alpha games!"
,Recommended,242760,10992557,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,moneyfludy,if you like games that some times scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you for the little reasons and like games that have really good devs and like to communicate with there fans that play there game then this game you will really like i only played a little of it becuase i got a virus on my pc but got it fixed now im going to continue to play it once there is multiplayer omg this game will go from 10/10 to 50/10thats just how good this game isbut one thing this is aplha so its going to have bugs but if you like playing games that make you be happy and like having fun while playing alone but in a skype call with friends then get this you and your friends will laugh even when your not in the same game me and like 5 of my friends couldnt stop laughing when we got it the first day it came out cuase with the bugs they make you have fun and when you tell your friends about it they laugh and you can just not laugh when your friends are laughing even if you dont know what they are laughing about.but what im trying to say is this game is fun and if you like having fun get it thats all i have to say.
76561198018765211,Recommended,242760,11914816,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,oSLO,Pretty Fun. Full game should be great.
,Recommended,242760,27285324,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strand,A good looking and interesting game that keeps pushing updates to keep it interesting. Always a good time to start fresh and come up with a new way to survive.
76561198050026488,Recommended,242760,12280597,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,HaX|HeroJenkins™,I get hooked on this game *-*The graphic is fantastic and the survival-feeling is great!Nice work!HeroJenkins
,Recommended,242760,33070301,Posted: 30 June,all,Greensweater,"The forest, Its a great game. so many places to explore, so many caves. so manythings to build and it never gets old. I played with one of my friend on steam and we played from around 11:00 PM to 9:00 AM. Its that fun and interesting.What makes the game have a scary atmosphere is how mostly everything is a mystery, like all of the different mutants and enemies, where all of the different areas are and happened. even some places in the caves, My friend stared at a couple of decomposing bodies and a picture drawn on the wall and sparked alot of theories.In other words, if you like games that spark mysteries and have a good/scary atmosphere then this game is for you."
,Recommended,242760,33190650,Posted: 3 July,all,Gigorga,Gave me that dead space sp00ked feelingThats a good feeling
,Recommended,242760,33107342,Posted: 1 July,all,AttackRa1der,Great game for an early access game.
,Recommended,242760,33090246,Posted: 1 July,all,foreigner,nice experience.
,Recommended,242760,33004184,Posted: 29 June,all,Ganaram,"Day 1 of gameplay: I'm focusing on architecture and base building, one friend is making sure we're all moderately well armed, another is fulfilling supplemental duties, and a third is just focused on decorating our little outpost with burning effigies. I think that last friend might be a little crazy.Day 2: Only one friend is left. Our fortress has had effigies burning at the front gate for what seems like ages. I have lined the walls with meat drying racks, sorted by hands and feet, and I'm screaming at the only remaining survivor ""THIS IS ALL WE EAT NOW! SAY IT! SAY THE WORDS! THIS IS AAAAALL WE EEEEAT NOW!"""
,Recommended,242760,33142334,Posted: 2 July,all,coacco,"Some bugs, but good game; maybe best survival game on Steam. Nice to play with friends in co-op."
,Recommended,242760,33165600,Posted: 2 July,all,Mustard Gas,Great game
,Recommended,242760,10320972,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,blacklgs,Threw a tennis ball at a bird and it died. 10.5/10
,Recommended,242760,13752654,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,dysfunctional,This game is jesus in a bottle. First Person Open World Horror. All that needs to be said it is extremly good gives you some good thrill and has good building mechanics and software but can experience glitches sometimes (its beta guys dont hate) but when this game gets completly flatenned out and fixed i will definetly put some hours into it8.5/10 -IGN
,Recommended,242760,30277521,Posted: 2 March,all,ZombieAlbinos,"Decent game, Great graphics and  hours of fun. Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,242760,10701878,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,poogledywoo,"I was cheerfully building my log house with a fire crackling in the background, when I turned around and saw a cluster of pale-faced cannibals staring at me.BRB, need a change of underwear."
76561198282329850,Recommended,242760,26407209,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Nicketine_18,great
76561198196048455,Recommended,242760,26407812,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jaybyrd234,"I Bought this game a while back when it was first released and have built a pretty awesome base in single player over 220 hours. Im not sure how to suggest things to the creators but i would love if you all could make the save states in the game movable. So i can copy my single player save and move it to multiplayer as well to enjoy with my friends. Otherwise keep up the good work, i cant wait until this game is finished so i can see its full glory!"
,Recommended,242760,11482616,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Nourishment M.O.T.,"Now, I really do enjoy playing this game. Yes it has a tone of bugs, some really annoying and other fun. The entire game looks amazing, with a lot of love put into this project. I really hope they stay onto of things, don't rush it and stayed focused. I must write though, that you might not want to get too attached to this game at the moment. With each update, your saved file becomes useless, forcing you to start the game over again. The firsts time, this isn't so bad. But after awhile you really stop investing in the game and find it frustrating to end up building things over and over again.This is a game that is only going to get better and better with time. So far I have wasted away just building forts around the island allowing for more exploration and protection. That alone was fun and easy to get lost in, despite the small amount of choices you have, you are still able to make some cool locations to hide out, eat and set traps.Going into the caves has a real sense of exploration to it, though at the moment the flashlight does not last at all long enough to really explore. The fram rate also drops  the more you play to the point where it is best to just save and come back later. The story does not seem to really even exist since I have survived over a month without seeing my son and to be honest, the game would be better without that intro.Unless I find the body or something later on down the road, I do not see how it makes much sense to have him survive since the island is full of complete nutters. Either way, buildiing forts and then trapping the tribe of insane people that seem to roam the place is as fun as you want it to be. Really looking forward to watching the game grow."
76561198072169042,Recommended,242760,30067462,Posted: 20 February,all,FlyBoyXD ✈,"Just came back to this game after a few months. SOOOOOO much has changed and it's really turing into a crazy good game!!! like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥!!The dev team is honestly one of the best ive seen cause theres always a new update every 7 days fixing bugs and adding massive amounts of content into the game which gives more freedoms to the player and complexities in terms of methods of survival, crafting, and building custom bases to perfection.F****** love this game!P.S. I just found out you can actually beat the game! And the storyline is honestly one of the most epic and exciting storylines ever!!!"
76561198042592547,Recommended,242760,10667160,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hardwood,"Excellent survival horror game, has enough features and enemies to make the game fun and exciting even if it is an alpha. The developers update the game on almost a weekly basis so the bugs that are there get fixed pretty quickly."
,Recommended,242760,33389686,Posted: 8 July,all,ukdesigner,"Great fun game even in current state. Best survival game out there for sure. Only problem is... the bugs :( MANY of.Press F12 for screenshot... Game just vanished.Loaded game, other players lost their stuff, it didnt save for them.Frustrating bugs, but the actual game is that good in multi, that its just about making up for the bugs atm.The custom building is great, and it's rush to BUILD a wall asap, to protect you from Cannibals / Mexicans who want to come and steal all your stuff."
76561198085422389,Recommended,242760,10307242,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Blackpeoplemeet.com csgoboss.com,I love  this game it gives you the feeling of a survival game and a horror sent to it. However there are still some bugs but the game is still overall the best alpha i have ever played. There are cannibals and lots of animals lioke fish and lizards and its like far cry 3 but  if far cry 3 was a horror game amazing graphics and amazing game. 10/10
,Recommended,242760,32993306,Posted: 29 June,all,"Airwipe (Read Profile, away)","For an Early Access game it's amazing, so many things to do, a huge map, so many animals, I'll name a few. Deer, Bunny, Boar, Sea Turtle, Crow, Lizard, Squirell, and a Unkillable Tarantula. And it's not just surviving on food, but building shelters and defences for thos cannbials that will find you, killl you, and well the name suggests, eat you. But theres one thing. Hope you got a good setup! Or you'll be stuck in Low Graphics and 800x600 Resolution!Overall I 100% reccomend this as a game to add to your library and play. I can only think of one bad thing to say, those cannibal screams/calls scare the living CRAP out of me."
,Recommended,242760,11852646,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,B0T [Diyvinity],AWESOME + SCARY AT THE SAME TIME
,Recommended,242760,10819113,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,-TTB-,The only game where you can use a leg as a weapon AND a crafting material.10/10
76561198082032795,Recommended,242760,29154406,Posted: 9 January,all,Talk Show Host,"Best part of this game is the crocodile armor, make sure you hunt crocs"
,Recommended,242760,13319074,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,motheryaR,"Very good game, with a lot of potential! It's already a fun game as it is, but It needs some work and a lot more features. This normal with early acces and the devs seem to actually care! Also there are worthwhile patches every two weeks.. So i definitely recommend this game to anyone!"
,Recommended,242760,10340620,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Azwoopn,"This game is as good as an alpha v0.01 could be, also it has a lot of room to grow, but there is also a lot of glitches and bugs that need to be fixed. So if you don't have any patience this is not a game for you."
76561198042958828,Recommended,242760,10985186,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,N1NJA_P1MP,"A simulation of what it's like to be a paranoid lumberjack who quickly forgets about saving his child from a tribe of half naked murderers in favor of building log cabins, eating energy bars and throwing tennis balls at wild animals. You can't carry any more raw fish.10/10 - would chop wood again"
,Recommended,242760,29595114,Posted: 30 January,all,Blizzardliam,"really intertesting story and fun with friends, would find timmy again 10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,242760,10330566,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,fuck u,"The Forest is a really fun survival/horror game... when you get past the bugs that it currently has. But, this is forgiveable, as it is an Early Access title.As you probably know, it starts you off on an island, shortly after a plane crash has taken place. Your son (the kid in the plane sitting beside you), is captured by a native of the island. You, well, you're surviving now. There are no missions that take place, all for you to do is survive the inhabitants of the island, and the conditions that come along with weather, bacteria, body temperature, and other various survival elements. These, even though the game is still in a very early stage, are incorporated well into the game, and give more of a survival vibe off. The A.I. as they stand now, are buggy and sometimes hard to kill due to the bugs. There are easy ways to kill the mutants/natives, such as taking out your lighter, shooting a flare gun, and making a fireball that burns them. The flare gun fire ball thingy, stuns the enemies and they cannot move/attack, instead, they burn to death. Thus, making easy kills. Although, if you do not have one, the cannibals may serve as quite a challenge. Hand to hand combat with these fiends is quite risky, and often deadly when they are in groups (usually of which, they are). I have died more from bugs in the game, than the NPC's themselves, though.The crafting/building mechanics in the game are quite well done too, even in the early stages of the game. You can build your own custom structures with regular walls, spike walls, doorways, windows, etc. Or, you can just build the preset buildings, such as the wooden cabin, or the hunting shelter. I, myself, mixed the two together to create what I called, ""The Fortress of Solitude"". I wish I could have spent more time with my creation, but, I was killed by an unfortunate bug in the game which sends you flying when you hit a corpse. I was quite dissapointed when I had lost all the work I had done, but, it is to be expected in a Early Access game. The effigies are structures that are compilations of human remains; legs, arms, and heads are used in these. You can light them on fire too, making a somewhat disturbing sight. I believe these effigies scare the enemies away, by combining the light source (in which they are scared of), and the body parts of the other members of their tribe. The placing of the structures themselves are white outlines, that you fill in by gathering the resources, then applying them to the outline. The building is simple, and elegant; just the way it should be.The visuals of the game are really nice, even though the world loads on the fly. You will see alot of popping in of trees, grass, land, and things of that nature, even with the farthest rendering distance applied. The shading, motion blur, and textures are all very well done, and look quite good even on the lowest settings.All in all, this is shaping up to be a great game, and I look forward to see what the developers have in store for us in future patches."
76561198007248441,Recommended,242760,11515730,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Praxis,"I realy like the system of survival that is currently in place for the forest & there is a bit more to flesh out ofc with an alpha phaze game but for the most part everything you need to get by so far is there. and its highly enjoyable in its current state.some things that i have noted  that are more big issues than the smaller interesting quirks i have stumbled onto  have to do with enemy A.I.  something rly enjoyable about it right now but its clear its not right or finished. still very fun and crazy things happen bc of it hah fun.  There are several boundry boxing things like for instance when you chop a tree down your logs may roll into the rocks  never to be seeen again. that goes for enemies as well they have ran from me right through gigantic stone cliffs before where i cannot get to them etc. many times enemies are idle until i engage them . .. understandable  im just happy they are there at this phaze.Reload your game and all the trees you chopped return to normal state. its both good and bad  so idk how it should be one way or the otherThe forest has a creepy feel to it i just cant explain  but you just have to experience it to be able to see what this will be like in the end.It has scared the living s#%t out of me already several times while trying to forrage myself a few last needed logs for my cabin just after sundown only to think i hear something in the trees. saying ""nah its just me"" and then seeing something move  which made me run back to my makeshift camp fire to turn back and see in the trees a figure  watching me from the darkness of the forest holy creepy!As for technials everything id expect is there ASIDE FROM: a quick save option [i know it quik saves when you rest]  and perhaps some better audio options .the game looks gorgeous and you can get your settings to optimal easily for your rig , i ofc like to maximum everything who doesnt right?  I have not taken the liberty of peeking into the .ini file to see what is available for different configuration options but i will soon enough. right now i am just really enjoying this great game.. yes i said great because it is already great if you ask me it just needs that good old coat of wax and tweeking fine tuning and ofc qa searching for bugs and squashin em. 14.99 are you kidding ? i got my moneys worth already and im happy to support a project like this, would love to have been involved in some way it will surely be great so long as we support it.. its rad and its going to give me nightmares  and that is what i was looking for. go take a run through the forest .. but you are not going to make it buddy! hah frekin creeeepy! love it!"
,Recommended,242760,29233663,Posted: 13 January,all,Luna-C,"Awsome game! You can make your own little cabin in the woods. Hunt the local wildlife, kill your ""friendly"" neighbours with a good variarity of traps and weapons. Ow yeah, and there is also a story line in it.And the cherry on top is that you can play it in single player or up to 8 players total in multiplayer (friends or non-friends).The game is still in Alpha. I can't wait to see the final game. This is already that good."
76561198123879941,Recommended,242760,11586691,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,the great faggini,"this is a very fun and addictive game. it will have you looking over your shoulder whereever you go. its preety easy to pick up the basics of the game and to start getting the hang of it. has some issues here and there that need to be worked out. for example, some enemies float in the sky or a log falls out of a rainbow at you. didnt see many of these instances, but i was very captivated by this game and it just drew me in to it. it takes time to build your items, but the crafting is easy, but can take time to get used to it. you will get scared when your trying to cut a tree, and turn around to face down three of the cannibals chasing you with hammers and their bare hands. in the end, when you build your little abode, it feels like you have worked hard and accomplished your goal. then you may not see the cannibals for a awhile, then they appear at your abode in force. so to the future survivor...... i wish you luck."
,Recommended,242760,23972419,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Stoic ✖,This game has constant updates that improve the game evey couple of days and overall its a very fun and enjoyable game.... besides the hackers & some of the miner bugs that need tweeking. 8.5/10 rating.
76561198138504829,Recommended,242760,23973513,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Haseeb,The development progress is slow but really good. The game is so much more optimized than it was at launch and has a lot more content.
76561198294028707,Recommended,242760,23052360,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,johnfontick,"Best game i have played on steam, such amazing layout aswell as great gameplay and story."
,Recommended,242760,29019489,Posted: 4 January,all,EinWildesSooS,Best Survival Game on Steam
76561198127420639,Recommended,242760,10314162,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Fox_Hollow1,I'm going to keep it short and sweet.- I love this game- amazing graphics- immersive and large map- building/crafting is fun- AI is smart (most of the time) and very unique- combat is good - although very simple and straight foward- lots of bugs and lag at the moment but is running well enough for meDefinitely reccommend this game. It's a steal at $15 and will only get better.
,Recommended,242760,30230443,Posted: 27 February,all,twitch.tv/thehamgamer,Step 1: Find materialsStep 2: Build a baseStep 3: Git gudStep 4: Wait for big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥es to spawnStep 5: Watch them beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your baseStep 6: ♥♥♥♥Step 7: Uninstall10/10
,Recommended,242760,25820718,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,csgo-raffle.com,Evet oyun çok güzel ve gittikçe güzelleşiyor yeni güncellemelerde daha iyi oynayış tarzı daha iyi grafikler bizi karşılıyor. oyunun tek sevmediğim tarafı oyun daha çıkmadan oyun bitiyor :) mesela gelişiyorsun ve mağaralara dalıyorsun ve tüm mağaralar bitince yapacak bir şey kalmıyor. Bence bir an önce geliştirilmeli ve  oyunun çıkması gerekli. Ama yinede oyun güzel...
,Recommended,242760,28773821,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,benio.,"- Crashlanded on island- Made a shelter- Fought mutants- Got lots of weapons- Got into caves- Found a metal door- Walked around labs and discovered random things- Found radio and called for help- Got rescued- Got back on my computer and played The Forestyeah, it seems to be a nice game"
,Recommended,242760,10352191,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,JaMonkey Jpe,"great idea for a game, but very buggy. But it is only in Alpha, so it can only get better fortuantely"
,Recommended,242760,10339349,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Happy,the game has quite potential in it with the graphics itself but the fact that you can build your thigs to survive the wilderness and also the reclusive cannible cult that lives near is a bonus. I highly recomend this game to anyone who thirst is for survival horror!i rate this a 9.7/10.0
76561198202127984,Recommended,242760,15629930,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Adflicta,"My son has been stolen by mutants. I vow revenge. But first let me get these sticks. I should build a shelter for sleep. Im cold I'll build a fire too. Hmm I need a tanning rack for all this food. I'll just use these turtle shells for water... 115 Days later. I swear ill look for my son just as soon as i get back from my diving trip on my houseboat, finish my giant tree house labrynth, kill the spider mutant, and build my castle.All in all the game is brilliant, and a alpha at that. They constantly add features and fix bugs. I say its worth the money as is and will be a breathtaking game when finish. Easily 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,13655887,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BakedBaker,"Decent game in the works, the devs are really coming along with content and updates. Only gripes are general ones due it being a alpha. I recommend this to anyone into survival games."
76561198128420123,Recommended,242760,10393777,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Masterplan,cant wait til the finish the game <3
76561198058084844,Recommended,242760,10409452,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Death Of A Bachelor,"A beautiful survival experience game, similar to Rust but without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hackers or gank squads. Instead you're faced with dangerous Cannibals that like to stalk you from day 1 and will harrass you to no end if a scout finds you and tells it's friends.So with that info in mind, it's advised that you find a location with food, supplies and decent defending capabilities if you wish to survive past the first few days."
76561198082380598,Recommended,242760,10499018,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,AdviceWizard,At first you think your safe then... Your dead. The forest is vary deadly
,Recommended,242760,10551458,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,HopesEnd,"Day 1 - My Plane get crashed and i just saw that my son got kidnapped and then i fell asleep again... Every ****ing bone in my body hurts... I startet to look around the Area and there where some People but they looked too ugly go be surviviors like me so i didnt talked to them and started to make a fire and something i can sleep on.Day 2 - The ""Natives"" are NOT friendly they actrually tried to kill me and they are ***holes too. 3 of them saw me, looked at me like 20 secs and then they tried to hit me with their Hands and Bone-Sticks. Killed two of them, a Guy with a kind of Flashlight on the top and a Woman, teh other guy just disappeard hope he died in terrible pain. And WHERE THE **** DOES ALL THESE SEAGULLS COME FROM????Day 3 - My *** is burning like hell, maybe i should had stopped eating the grey Berries. The Toiletpaper went out this night too so iam pretty ****ed... Ive found another dead Passenger pretty close to my camp... At least i know he had a sh**ty Day too... Some of the Natives tried to sneak upon me while i was chopping a tree, i just startet swimming in teh air what the hell is wrong with this Island?Day 4 - They come in huge groups now and i can barely defeat them... My reserves of Snickers just went out and iam pretty tired. Everytime i try to sleep i just wake up a secound later and they walk in my camp like there is nothing... I dont know how long i can continue the resistance...These are my Diearies from the Game.I really love the Game, its still pretty bugged and it need more Content (its Alpha so its fine), but Guys this is one of the best Games ive ever played.It REALLY got very very very much Atmosphere and it so awesome to play, great AI for the Cannibals, great crafting system and the game got so much potential. 1000% worth the Money.Give the Guys your Money, they deserve it. U will be suprised by the Game every day, the Bugs even make it more scary xd.So.... BUY IT OR I WILL STEAL YOUR TOILETPAPER AND SEND SOME SEAGULLS TO STALK U!!!!!"
,Recommended,242760,10559533,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mama Said No,You can cut down trees
76561198120084418,Recommended,242760,10290360,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,joel,"SO ADICTIVE!!!This game is actually the♥♥♥♥♥♥Fair enough it has its flaws which is ecxpected of a game that's in its alpha stages, the glitches i've found so far are pretty tiny and arent too noticeable (and even if you do nocite them they shouldnt effect your minecraft survival horror madness expirience). Ohter than that, this this is an amazing and adictive, the graghics are beautiful and it plays really well.I DO recommend you get it."
76561198068847803,Recommended,242760,11093822,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Donald McTrump,"This game has only been out for a few weeks now; and it has a tremendous amount of hype and excitement, and I say why wouldn't people be? Before even playing this game, I thought that it was going to be an incredble time playing this, and now, after playing a decent amount. I would say this game is well worth it's $15 price. Much cheaper than any triple A title and still just as good. I admit there is quite a few problems with the game, and a lot of bugs. But the great gameplay makes up for it all. And still, this is only early access, and it's this incredible? So all the bugs will eventually be gone and many more interesting things will be added. I can't wait to see what else this game has to offer further in it's developement and reccommend this game."
,Recommended,242760,10307203,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Kram,"Game crashes on loading screen but i understand the game is in very early alpha, looking forward to playing it game looks sick."
,Recommended,242760,10332454,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Cosmo I BH,"The Forest provides a clever survival horror while bringing the apects of control but also uncertainty. You can chop down trees, make a camp and place traps in order to fend off predators. Scary, unique and worth buying!"
76561198057108066,Recommended,242760,10341061,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Tom From Security,"Has laptop graphics preset.Will make your laptop implode.Though to be fair, it would be a miracle if they could get a game this detailed to work on a laptop."
76561198023775893,Recommended,242760,11473555,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Caliell,"The game is made with considerable challenge in mind and does not hold your hand or spoon feed you. This is game will challenge you mentally and phyiscally and I hope developers will continue going on this path of the very unique game - the one that meant to be played as real sandbox, designed for hardcore gamers in mind."
76561198001762160,Recommended,242760,13572426,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,VirtualProst,Highlights of my gameplay:-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-swam in the air-naked man used the Stand Your Ground law on me. guess this game takes place in florida.
,Recommended,242760,13640255,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,chick77,i recommend this game to everyone but i wish they would add like a pistol or a gun of some sort and make it to where we can kill sharks --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|I found a sharki named it The Forest SharkIt was my best friendi jumped onto its back and i rode itand it became nightit was my best friend...untilIt Got Hungryand i shot a deer and it ate me---->(R.I.P Me)<----
76561197987051312,Recommended,242760,10320563,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,austinftwxd,move out of the way dark souls. this game is rediculously hard in its current state. It is fun but has a way of putting you in your place.   it NEEDS multiplayer and difficulty options. more weapos would be nice aswell.
,Recommended,242760,10340703,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,SIMPLYBEAST1231,Amazingly fun game.
76561198092630846,Recommended,242760,10362325,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Gallow,"This game has a lot of potential but at this point in time it is quite difficult to enjoy. I killed a cannibal and chopped the body up and ended up getting launched up into the sky and falling to my death. I had built my self a little fortress and a log cabin with traps surrounding it, but I fell through a rock and died, losing everything. The save feature that has been added is still in its early stages and doesn't work very well. I loaded up my current game and to my dismay my cabin was gone! along with this all of the trees that I had cut down were back again and my inventory was almost empty, all I had left was the axe from the plane. I can't wait till this game is finished and has the co-op option."
10110100110101010,Recommended,242760,10378437,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Sandman,Seems like a cool game. Probably worth the fifteen if you're not using a laptop to play it because for some reason my frames don't pass 4. I've tried every single setting and nothing has worked. If I wasn't using a laptop I'd most likely be able to run it past 40 frames. Other than that it seems pretty cool. I've played a few minutes of it myself and boy are there some creepy ♥♥♥♥in' people on that island. If you're looking for something like Minecraft but something that is actually fun check this game out.
76561198070549156,Recommended,242760,10304660,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,SkyNugget,"Day 1I was on the plane, just my son and I. There didn't even seem to be a flight crew. The plane started shaking and then we crashed. Probably due to the lack of a flight crew. How did we even take off? That's some mystery...I started scavenging some things from the plane. Then I made my way to the beach and built a small shelter and fire. I found a rabbit and ate it. There was a definitive lack of ketchup...Day 2I built a log cabin on the beach. I then built a small wall around it because I could. While exploring I found a small village. There were people there living in small huts. I went to say hi so they tried to murder my face off. I can only assume they are jealous of my amazing bachelor pad since they've been on this island for ages and can't figure out how to make a log cabin.Day 3Found a flare gun. Returned to their town. Lit them all on fire.Day 4Woke up last night to 3 naked men standing around my camp. Told them I was not interested in their services. They too tried to murder my face off. Lit them on fire.Got stuck between a rock and a falling log. Was launched 100s of feet into the air. Died. 10/10, would fly again.REAL REVIEW (although alL that did happen)NOTE: EARLY ACCESS REVIEW- ALL IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE.This game is very interesting and very promising. If you can tolerate just how early access this is and not constantly complain about glitches, definately worth checking this out. There are plenty of glitches and it feels unfinished of course, but despite that it's very playable and very fun. It's also terrifying.Pros:Great AITerrifyingVery immersiveunique in comparrison to other survival horror gamesgood survival systemCons (not counting glitches due to early access state)crafting is underwhelmingcertain systems such as cooking simply feel flawed"
,Recommended,242760,14998490,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Bear Fucking Grylls,I really like this game mainly becuase it's super fun. It's best served with other players..The only downside is it crashes for me every couple of minutes which it didn't do at all the first time I played.
,Recommended,242760,16427040,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hex,"The Forest is a fun game and I would Highly recomend it to everyone except the eaily scared. I played the game with my friend and although the game has its bugs and glitches For Example : Sharks going thrugh stuff not able to swing and Axe stick foot Ect, Not seeing an Ocean but swiming in the air. ECT ECT. The cannibal's are hard to kill So you never feel Over Powerd"
76561198009619002,Recommended,242760,10348342,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,TheFishMan,"The Forest is currently the latest survival/horror game on the gaming market. I've personally been playing it for quite a few days now. The following is my review/guide/conclusion:The game is undoubtedly in a pre-alpha stage as the developers will state when you launch the game. There're quite a few bugs, though nothing which is game ruining. The game basically starts with you taking part in a horrific plane crash. You get knocked unconscious and when you wake up your son gets ""abducted"" by one the island's many inhabitants. And yes, you're not alone in this horror game. There're lots of foes for you to battle. The hostile inhabitants, who roam the island, are cannibalistic mutated humans who basically seek to inflict you harm. In order to survive you must keep yourself warm and dry plus keep yourself satiated. And thus the exhausting battle for your survival begins.When you first encounter the cannibals DO NOT get cocky and charge. Most commonly and regularly they're just scouting. If you do get too close you might end up getting assaulted with full force. To avoid this particular matter you ought to run off.The graphics are quite stunning actually and they greatly enhance the surrounding environment. Unfortunately the game is poorly optimized at this particular point and hence your system may have a difficult time running the game in ultra settings. I've got a brand new GTX Titan Black which I've overclocked. Additionally I've an overclocked i7-4770k. Sometimes my FPS drops down to 30 or lower despite the fact that I've got an expensive high end system.The game obviously has got quite the potential to become a marvellous game. This is an indie game and has got a long way to go before it's finished. I know that the developers are currently updating and patching as fast as they possibly can.As a conclusion I would definitely  recommend The Forest to everyone who's fond of survival and/or horror games. Both of these genres are very much present in this particular game.I highly hope this pushed you in the direction of purchasing the game :)"
,Recommended,242760,18285204,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Final Frost Fall,In horror games you are helpless... BUT in this horrer game you can fight back.
,Recommended,242760,11045028,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,MrEpic,"So far, I have a lot to say about The Forest...I have some good, and some bad...here we go.I'm going to do the cons first...get the bad out of the way.Some things that i didn't enjoy was the constant raain. IT NEVER ENDS! Sure i get a rainbow, but I need food and a fire. And when I can keep a fire going, i still hear the rain and thunder. And while I'm on sounds....I have made my base on thee ocean, everytime. I hear the ocean, Heck, I could fall asleep Bcuz i can acyually hear it to a point...but i dont see it. I went around Huge cliffs, and something i think would be a great is to see the actual waves hitting the cliffs, or the water pulling in and out of shore, like a real ocean. maybe even go with the moon cycles so we can have high tide, low tide...make an entire page in the book even, to tell us WHEN or WHAT moon phase it is, because the games is realistic...but i want MORE. when i chop down a tree, i dont want it split up for me, i would like to do it myself and make my own logs. other people reading this are thinking, ""Why would u want that?!?! I only have so much energy!"". But i feel that having more interaction with the environment would be fantastic. and more feedback from it as well. I realize that this is an alpha game for now...but i really believe that in the future, it can get much better.Map kinks: with this map, i found some cool things, some weird things, and some bad things. but all in all....its a great setup, just the map...isnt done....i can walk through rocks (animals can too) and when i swim, i hear my footsteps. Also when swimming, i am still holding my axe. Maybe an Automatic put away??? could be an idea. and as well as the trees, the rocks will not spawn until i am literally inside of them and i have to start over bcuz i am stuck in a rock or tree. The tree detail is great, as well as the chopping of a tree, (even though you need to make tweaks when chopping) but the fading in and out of the trees, that messes with me. Now the big rocks that jut out of the terrain, that is a bit of a bug, minor one, but when i die, spawn in the cave, end up IN THE ROOF with Tribesmen below me Circling like good little Ais and i can walk above the roof and get out through the ground when i finally find the exit, i start to notice things like this. Also...Suit cases....popping up from the map like rabbits...need i say more about that?AI Bugs: When a group of like 3 are running at me, and suddenly...one starts to run in circles, (keep in mind he was just chasing me), and ignore me entirely....I called him jerry, he was stuck in that circle motion forever, because i didnt want to hit my pet. but i killed the other 2. Another thing, on my first attepmt with the latest update, i lasted 8 days. 4 of those days, the AI Disapeared (the last 4 Days to be exact) and i never saw a fish, a turtle, a lizard, or even a tribesmen. The only AI I ever found was a mutant and it was just chilling out in the cave. so i left it be. After looking all over for food, i found some berriesand there not poisinous...they still hurt me. they were the blueberries, not the twin berries, yet the still did me harm...'Nother bug? probably. after the berries i was on booze, and then i ran out of booze. guess what...I NEVER DIED! I lived for 3 more days...i never saw another berry bush, and i never saw Jerry again because i got bored of him...and i killed my pet. made a cool effigy though. and later on...maybe let us eat the turtles??? because really....we starve on an island and fresh turtles come up every morning. AND if not the turtles, let the turles lay the occasional egg? that would add some reason to WHY the turtles show up and another means of getting by. BUT NOT TOTAL survival on the eggs.Now that I'm done whining...I wanna say some fantastic things about this game.The idea of this game is amazing, the concept of living on an uncharted island with canibles that can stroll up to u at any moment is great. Also to the fact that The Developers can actually make them flank me and make me extremely horrified to find out if i survive...quite the bit of suspense. The game may need work, and i gotta say, it does. Its STILL is an amazing survival game. I can barely call this a survival horror when they are always around (I mean Jerry). The devs did top notch on everything, the mutants are unlike anything that i have ever seen before, and the means of building a home, i bet if i actually tried to make some of these (apart from effigies) i could get pretty far in making these actually stand and work.if i had to grade this game... B+ its very good, and i hope to see more updates. And if co-op ever comes out for this games guys...DONT TREAT IT LIKE DAYZ.... that is all87/100 WOULD PLAY ALL DAY, EVERY DAY"
,Recommended,242760,11086133,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Risotto nero,really fun game its still in alpha though so im not gonna hate on any glitches but there is some things that i think should be added like co-op but not multiplayer and new weapons like a bow and arrow were you can use sticks and string to make it so my overall rating is 9/10 but this is for alpha 0.03 so i might change how i think about it when the finish the game
,Recommended,242760,10338369,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Oliver Hart,Builds an immaculate shelter and setup only to die of starvation because cooking becomes broken after playing for an hour.10/10
,Recommended,242760,10481127,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,JanGaLanG (Hurts Feelings),"Killed rabit with molotov, 10/10"
,Recommended,242760,10662737,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Assurance,If you can get over the bugs then buy this really fun
,Recommended,242760,10291526,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Krackman,"Got out of the damn plane, 3 mutants already watching me.I ran away, build a shelter and a campfire. Got powned by 3 mutants and wake up in a cave.Find the almighty flaregun.Return back to my shelter, use all day to find food, find nothing...Night time here we go.Superspam the neverending flaregun flamethrower 3000. (It's ♥♥♥♥ing pre-alpha, it's perfect)Sun comes up, I decide to make that body/flesh torch thing.Go over to a mutant body and hit it one time with my axe.Fly 300 meters away, hear that epic/loud music.""You survived 3 days....""It's buggy, (even though most of the bugs are damn funny) hard and unforgiving.I give it 10/10. It's not extremely playable right now with the bugs and the OP mutants, but it's great and beautiful.This game have potential and it's worh the money and time."
,Recommended,242760,13047142,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Trazza,"THE FOREST REVIEW:Isnt it a scary moment when your lighter goes out in the dark caves of ''the forest'' when you hjear nearby footsteps that haunt you. The forest is yet another survival game that has been released on the store. You might think it is a zombie horror game but it isnt, your fighting against cannibles. Now first thing i need to adress is the graphics, they are amazing. from the lush foliage to the sunrays that connect with the tree's, it is imaculate. The forest encourages exploration and hunting to find food, it also encourages you to build your first shelter fro the night along with a fire to warm you up. The forerst stretches the survival genre as it adds new methods that i have never seen like actually hunting fish with a spear and  having to always be alert for enemies, it truly is the one emersive game. The forest is in alpha, so expect glitches along your journey. The forest has recently added in a new coop experience which allows you to survive the night with friends. Overall, the forest is a great game but it has glitches which i can forgive as it is inn alpha. 8.7/10"
,Recommended,242760,12881500,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Invariant,"Great game, besides the many bugs."
,Recommended,242760,13672489,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Trollzous,"I would like to recommend this but for some reason on AMD graphics cards even on lowest settings has awful FPS, and looking online there is no way to fix this."
,Recommended,242760,11304635,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Guahos,"Better not to waste your time trying to hide, they will find you anyway."
76561198150203635,Recommended,242760,13744346,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Aid Munchies | csgogem.com,Made a houseWent exploring6 Jerks ruined my homeGot killed by a Shark10/10 also 10/10 for raging
,Recommended,242760,15477390,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Backpack,"Why am I so attracted to early access games. It's a wonderful game, good graphics, mechanics, and general gameplay. there are quite a few bugs that need worked out, but other than that it's great and I would recomend it to any of my friends."
,Recommended,242760,11144315,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bluefatty,I slipped on a rock and woke up in a random cave with naked people around me.  10/10
,Recommended,242760,11202626,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,POOTS,"If this game were a potato, It would be a good potato."
,Recommended,242760,29020808,Posted: 4 January,all,ReXX_EU,Do not play with 12 yr old minds they will turn the game into a minecraft babysit simulator.
,Recommended,242760,10301207,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Cash,ULTRA SUPER SPOOKY SPOOKS
