user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,242780,12691579,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,BenWah,"Cross between ""the mentalist"" and the nastiest CSI torture killing episodes you've ever seen.Steep learning curve on episode 1, fighting with the interface to work out ways to advance the adventure.Probably most people will give up somewhere along this lengthy episode which is a shame because Episode 2 and 3 are real gems, better than vast majority of adventure games.This a very long and involved adventure game with challenging puzzles.I am skilled with this type of game but lost patience several times and consulted walkthrough.The gore and shock of this series is a seriously over the top and would be quite upsetting and disturbing for most.  I struggled not to barf at times.  There's one viscious torture killing after another and it gets to be a bit much.The dialogue and characters are well done for this type of game.There is a lot of implausible high drama, cliff hangers and twists, perhaps akin to a comic book series.It does make for an exciting ride.I liked it, but honestly think only a small subset of gamers would.* need patience for a very long game with challenging learning curve, interface, and puzzles.* have unusually strong stomach for truly over the top gore and disturbing content (torture killing)* appreciate convoluted plots and well written dialogues* like adventure games with paranormal (psychic) aspects.Sherlock: jack the ripper might be another good title for fans of this game -- highest quality writing though the game is quite old."
,Recommended,242780,7351757,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,.:*|*Sway*|*:.,"All episodes have unique gameplay features, different extraordinary powers and duration of each of them is about 5-8 hrs.An intriguing plot with logical and interesting puzzles, accompanied by beautiful soundtrack.Comic book arts are just great and voice acting is very well done, especially for Erica and Cordelia.Some dialogs are short and weird though. It could be better...Devs made a pretty good thriller atmosphere.There're a few graphical bugs (not critical) and character turning animation is too slow.If you like a serial killer plot you'll definitely like this game."
,Recommended,242780,29002876,Posted: 4 January,all,Zombra,"Solid adventure game, exactly my speed.Quick description: An FBI agent with psychic powers can't let go of the unsolved case of her murdered brother.  A series of apparently unrelated cases, with a high body count and plenty of gruesome crimes along the way, eventually lead her to a final confrontation with her nemesis.Gameplay is well done.  A traditional point and click interface adds a thoughtfully designed psychic angle, giving play an extra dimension.  I normally find point & click games tedious, but this one was fun.  Agent Reed's powers develop as the game goes on and new mechanics are introduced right up to the last chapter, which keeps things fresh.  There's no pixel hunting, as you can always highlight interactive items in any area.  The built-in hint system has a very light touch - it was enough to get me through the game without ever consulting an external walkthrough, yet it wasn't a big enough crutch that it felt like cheating.I liked the writing.  There is a large cast of characters, most of whom are a bit too stereotypical, but still likeable and well-acted.  I could have done without the old black woman full of gentle wisdom and mystical knowledge, who you have to visit time and again to receive psychic tutorials; but the forensics nerd, the by-the-book FBI captain, the donut-eating street partner, and the random people you meet at the post office, college administration, etc. are believable and entertaining enough.  Dialogue gets right to the point which is always welcome.  Some characters recur enough for you to become very familiar with them over the course of the game; but except for the woman mentioned above, none overstay their welcome.The story is well thought out and compelling, and kept me always motivated to find out what would happen in the next scene.  So many other adventure games start strong and then lose my interest in a swamp of nonsensical items and locations, but everything that happens in Cognition is on-task and furthers the plot.  Well ... almost.  Chapter 3 begins with a long, long sequence about reading the past of a sister and two brothers, that doesn't feel like it has much to do with anything.  This section came very close to losing my attention, as Agent Reed is presented with several different scenes all at once, some of which cannot be solved until others are completed, requiring a lot of tiresome flipping back and forth to try to figure out where the critical plot point is that will unlock progress in another scene.Once I got through that section, it became clear why thiswasall relevant to the story, and the game returned to its (thankfully) more straightforward puzzle-oriented idiom.The graphic style is a little weird.  There's something ugly about the lighting and the bright highlights on all the character outlines.  I don't play games like this for AAA visuals and the game communicates well, but be warned that this is a low budget game and looks it.I like the soundtrack.  Scary.  I'll be loading it into my road playlist to remember the game by.Bottom line: worth 17 hours of my time, and nowadays when I have more games than I can ever play, that's a big deal.  I would not have felt ripped off if I'd paid full price $15 for it.  Of course it goes on sale from time to time so you should be able to grab it for just a few bucks if you're patient.  In any case, get this game and support these devs.  They did a good thing here and are taking adventure games in a good direction."
,Recommended,242780,15662723,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"I will easily bring this game up as a great example of Adventure games. Extremely engaging and a great cinematic experience. The top notch games for me were always the broken sword games and only did this affect me to the point of comparing it to them. It is also good to note that very few point and click games put the player in tense situations and actually punish them for the lack of some choices (Pre Telltale mainstream era :P). What are Adventure games without elaborate detective stories? Loved every second of it and it is rare for me to enjoy great voice acting. The performance here was amazing and I can barely find a single flaw in it. The animation is a bit limited here and sometimes there are animation bugs and glitches, but the story and the writing easily makes up for what it lacks. If anyone is interested in a great mystery/detective story, look no further. I forgot to mention it is made by the Gabriel Knight developers, need I say more? :D"
,Recommended,242780,14596413,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Andrew 林,"Serial killers, torture devices and psychic powers - the story of Cognition is a mix of Saw and The X-Files. You play as FBI agent Erica Reed, trying to solve a series of serial killings with the help of a unique psychic ability. Each episode focuses on 1 serial killer, but there's an overarching story connecting all of them. I would like to say more, but I'm afraid of revealing too much.Gameplay-wise, the best thing about the game is the hint-system. If you're ever stuck, you can message one of Erica's friends in-game with your phone. The hints are helpful most of the time, but they won't give you the answers outright, so you still keep a sense of accomplishment when making progress.Another nice feature is that there's a button that reveals all hotspots, so you won't be pixel-hunting!The graphics are decent enough although the character animations aren't the best. The music and voice acting are excellent though. Some of my favourite tracks are played when you're solving a puzzle or trying to escape a scary situation.Complaints:1) A few logic glitches allow you to do the same thing more than once, but the effect is the same. Luckily this doesn't actually hinder progress, but it may confuse the player a little.2) Dialogue is mostly skippable, but there are some you can't skip, and it gets annoying when it occurs in the middle of a puzzle.Overall verdict: 8.5/10One of the best point-and-click adventure games ever."
,Recommended,242780,17644405,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,merfab76,"That was a really entertaining adventure/investigation game to play :+ Good story+ Nice graphic style+ Good voice acting+ Interesing and logical puzzles+ Rather good music+ The cognition system, clever and interesting to use+ Trading cards and achievements- Moving characters is a bit slow- 3D models are not all that great- Starting at episode 3, I had some funny bug with Erica's model : from time to time, after a load or a cutscene, her model was completly freaked out ... hands in air, head pushed back against her back, and head spinning 360° permanently ... funny to watch but kinda breaking the mood. It stops after you start moving her again.- Some puzzles, though logical, are a pita (especially the one at the end of episode 2, requiring you to remember every insignificant detail of the case ... the map on episode 4 is also difficult, mainly because of the way it's presented)- Some achievements (especially episode 1) require you to replay, in a slightly different way, almost half of the episode case- Some dialogues or cutscenes can not be interrupted sometimes, not even sure if it's on purpose or a bug.- Some inconsistancies : Erica pulling her gun on her partner, entering suspect locations alone ... not very plausible.Despite those little flaws, it's definitely a recommanded game, imho.NB : Expect around 20h if you aim for 100% achievements."
76561197993359594,Not Recommended,242780,24641232,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Relatively petite falcon,"Okay so after finishing the first chapter and a bit of the second chapter I can safely say i'm probably not going to finish the rest of this game.This game suffers from three main problems that completely break immersion and make the game unenjoyable to play.The first (and main) problem that this game has is pacing. It pads itself out needlessly. In one instance: the player sees an interactable object that is clearly meant to be picked up. The protagonist refuses to pick up said object because ""she has no need of it yet"". Then, several scenes later, during an interrogation scene, the protagonist needs the object, resulting in the player to backtrack all the way to where the object was located. Mind you, the movement speed of the protagonist is incredibly slow and the game has unskipable animations. In case of the dreaded interrogation scene, the player first has to quit the dialogue screen, then stand up, then walk all the way to the door and then press exit before being allowed the option to select the map and loading the area where the protagonist (not the player!) neglected to pick up the very obviously placed item in the first place.  This has to be done every.single.time the player forgot something or the player didn't forget something but the protagonist simply refused to acknowledge something. This problem would have been fixed easily if the UI was equiped with a button that instantly brought the player to the map screen. It also doesn't help that the game is awfully particular about how you have to solve certain dialogue trees. ""I am hungry"" says a character. ""Have a donut"" I reply. However, the game won't let me give the donut to the character. I instead have to backtrack to a vending machine, grab some crisps, offer the crisps to the man only for him to tell me ""No i prefer something sweet"" so i could give him the donut that i wanted to offer him in the first place. (edit: Notice how a lot of the time spent in the game has NOTHING to do with solving murders in a fashion that involves the paranormal and instead has you running after people's needs like some disheveled butler because they're too lazy to do it themselves)This brings me to the second point: Some of the puzzels make NO logical sense and are incredibly convoluted. Mind you that some puzzels are nicely written, like the one at the start at the game. There's a clear cut problem, you acquire certain tools that let you deal with that problem and you solve that problem. However later on in the game certain hurdles are being thrown at the player without any clear-cut explanation as to how to deal with them. There is a hint system but if some of the puzzles made more sense then the hint system wouldn't be needed. This in conjunction with the constant backtracking and the unskippable animations/slow movement speed makes the game incredibly grating. You can spend 10 minutes with this game and have the impression that you haven't progressed much at all.The third, and last, problem that his game has is character design. I'm going to assume that the developers of this game are teenagers, or had the mindset thereof, when designing Erica Reed (our main protagonist). For example, she pulls a gun on her collegue ""because she is angry"" when said collegue asked her to wait for reinforcements. She's constantly acting like an angsty teenager but she's supposedly a 30-something FBI agent. At one point one of the characters called her performance as an fbi agent wildly inconsistent and as a player i'd have to agree. She's certainly not the most professional or likable person that I played as. Her collegues are not much better. You have the cliché fat guy who always sits at his desk eating donuts, never lifting a finger. You have the cliché ♥♥♥♥♥y boss lady who is screaming at you one second and asks you how you're holding up immediately after. You have the nondescript receptionist lady whose name i can't recall. And finally you have the guy who offers weird, unwanted sexual tension because what poorly written tv drama could ever go without that trope.  Come to think of it, that's precisely what the characters are. Tropes.  They never feel like well rounded characters and as a result you never get to feel personally involved in what's going on. I always felt like i was playing a video game, as opposed to being absorbed into the story. Also, much of the story is being told by the exposition lady at the antique store (kind of makes me wonder why Erica Reed never visited her before the game began). Thankfully, dialogue is skipable (notice how this isn't something to boast about).The game does have some genuinly nice and satisfying moments, but they're too scarse for me to recommend this title.Avoid like the plague.Props for the visual style though."
76561198067758778,Recommended,242780,11375940,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Crestfallen_Rose,"I was drawn to Cognition because it had the same art style as Jane Jensen's game, Gray Matter, and it also offered the same type of addictive story-telling that I enjoyed so much. The music was also good, it set the mood for a modern noir detective story and it helped with the immersion.Just to give you an idea of what the story is about, it's about an FBI agent named Erica Reed who uses her psychic powers to see the past which helps her piece together her murder investigations. It's something akin to Law & Order meets The Medium.I enjoyed Erica's refreshing personality and her interactions with her partner, John, and her on-again-off-again lover, Sully; she was sarcastic and witty and I related to her struggle for moral insight during investigations as well as making peace with the past and letting go. And, just the theme in general is interesting since Erica was able to interact with items and see visions from the past that added perspective and depth to the story.And the game also brings up the long debated argument and encourages players to question if crime is ever justified.I'm sure I could go on and on about the game but I don't want to spoil it nor turn this review into a novel.The game has four episodes and it took me roughly seventeen hours to play through comfortably without rushing.I personally recommend that you find the time to sit down and play Cognition rather than play it in short bursts, otherwise you run the risk of forgetting small details about the story. In this game, every little bit matters and ties up at the end.Be forewarned, it has quite a few moments in which I personally got stuck on certain puzzles and needed to do certain things that I would never think of trying unless I had the guide handy. You can use the Gameboomers one without too much worry of seeing spoilers as you progress.Unlike some other episodic games, Cognition ends satisfyingly well and without a cliff-hanger that would beg for a sequel; it ends in a way that doesn't require a sequel but it certainly is open for one if the writers choose to continue. So, you probably won't need to worry about feeling that continuity itch."
,Recommended,242780,18624551,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,giselle,One of the best storylines I've seen in years!  Such a complete game!
,Recommended,242780,30817678,Posted: 29 March,all,Otaara,"Cognition weaves together an intense, very well-crafted narrative where you solve not one but four serial-killer cases, following throughlines that veer closer and closer to FBI Agent Erica Reed's personal history with violence and loss.  The game builds Reed's psychic powers into a really interesting set of mechanics -- you begin with the ability to see the past through objects in a room, and gain abilities to get more insight by using multiple objects, including ones in your inventory, and being able to go into other characters' minds to help them recover memories they don't realize they have.  It's not just decoration on top of a crime story, as in a lot of supernatural + crime games (and movies), but adds real depth and chances to figure things out in cool ways.  Plus, for me, there were none of those moments point-and-clicks are so prone to where I check a walkthrough and say, that's totally bizarre, I would never have thought of that.  It's probably the most natural-feeling story I've had the pleasure to play through, with excellent, excellent music supporting the scenes from beginning to end.It also does some just awesome things with the psychic powers, story ideas I've never seen done before, and there's no way I can describe them without spoiling, so I'll just say that chapter 3 is where this game absolutely shines.  So much wow.  If I'd paid full price and the whole game had been just that chapter, I would have felt like I got my money's worth.  Instead, I got it on a sale and was blown away by how much there is to it -- total steal.Cognition doesn't pull any punches, either with plot events or with serial killers doing freaky things to their victims.  I eat up cop shows & true crime stuff like pudding, and there were points in Cognition that wowed me/freaked me out.  As a crime-media aficionado, this was great and my hat is off to Phoenix for really going for the things they went for -- if you're less bloody-minded, just, be warned.  Still get the game, because it is so good, but if you feel like you need to step away after half a chapter, I think that's ok.I have some quibbles with later story choices just because I think they'll make a sequel awkward, and I want to play more of these people's stories, using Erica's powers.  But, eh, Phoenix can put out other games with great stories and cool narrative mechanics, and I'll play those, too, whether or not they pick up from this one.My only genuine complaints are about the graphics.  The graphics and animation were so screwy that I initially thought this was a much older game than it is, in fact.  Comic-inspired panels, which the most powerful cutscenes use to great effect, are gorgeous, but the scenes you walk around in -- I'm sure they were going for gritty, but it comes off as dull.  This is especially a problem in the first chapter, which could stand to have its entire palette redone.  Characters' animation is almost always glitchy and just off -- people's shoulders in really strange places; surfaces that don't match up, leaving black crevices in people's faces; position problems where someone's neck, for example, will be stretched way back so their chin ends up above their clavicle.  In a few cases, someone's head and/or torso would start spinning around wildly after they finished speaking, and keep doing it until I clicked the mouse to do something.  Oy.Still recommend this very, very highly to point/click players.  I'm genuinely excited about doing a second playthrough to get the rest of the achievements.  It is just *so* good."
,Not Recommended,242780,31547614,Posted: 4 May,all,DenHond,"Cognition manages to tell a decent story and throw in some interesting mechanics into the game. Without this, I would have never completed the game, given its many flaws. It's not a terrible game, just not a good one either.This is not really a review, but a list of things that annoyed me:* Bad voice acting for most of the cast (the main character even switches accents from time to time)* Awful animations and interactions that take too long* Some dialogues sections were unskippable (towards the end, there's a puzzle that will trigger the same voice line about 12 times).* Clipping problems (walking out of the scenery in some environments)* Graphical glitches (Erica's head becomes possessed in some cases, characters resetting,... )* The save file broke my game once (I triggered a dialogue before I saved, after loading I couldn't trigger it anymore, but it was 'needed' to progress).* Most of the jokes are terrible, and everyone is being a♥♥♥♥♥♥at eachother for some reason...* The script could have used a proper editor (at some point, someone might be mad at you, just to become compassionate in the next sentence)."
,Recommended,242780,7415067,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,NeonDeity,"If you are a fan of the point and click genre, get this without second thought. You play as the guttsy Erica Reed, an fbi agent trying to find her brother's murderer. The gameplay has a nice new twist from the usual point and clicks as she uses her psionic abilities to solve puzzles, like touching an object and seeing its past, memory manipulation to recover lost memories and more. The story gets more and more intriguing as it unfolds, all the puzzle pieces comes together to form a  clear and crazy picture at the end."
,Recommended,242780,11575869,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,EdgyClumsyFag95,"Cognition is a good buy and I suggest that waiting for a big discount will make things better.When all the game reviewers say that this game is like a roller coaster ride, they were not kidding. The story lines were full of twists which were unexpected to even begin with. The story line is at the top so just read it. I'm not going to spoil anything.The level designs are good, though plagued with occational bugs and glitches (It didn't ruin the game but it was still irritating to see them sometimes). Be warned though, the puzzles can be tough at times and it can get rather vague at the first 2 episodes.Soundtrack successfully immerses players into the game so go ahead and buy the soundtrack along with the game. You know it is good when it can immerse and go along with whatever situation that goes along.Puzzles can be creative at times and seriously, you will have to think ALOT in this game or you will not progress anywhere. While most games only introduce and shows you whatever the main character does for a living, this game shoves you into their shoes and expects you to try it out.This game is a 4/5 :D"
,Recommended,242780,1274958,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Barney,The most gripping and satisfying adventure game i played since Blackwell and that's saying something :)
76561197976028334,Recommended,242780,703919,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Get Burned!,"Cognition is just ok. Given the pedigree of people involved I was hoping it was more Gabriel Knight, but it ends up being more CSI Boston. The over arching story is decent. The game is fairly easy. With point and clicks the pacing of the game can be ruined if the puzzles are too challenging. This game strikes a decent enough balance between challenge and pacing. There's about 18 hours of game here. There is a lot of time just spent listening to Erica have conversations. The graphics style is very much in that of a comic-book. The animation of Erica herself looks weird a lot of the time. The model used for her face looks a bit odd too. She looks kinda like a puppet that could've been Chucky's mom. There are a few interesting game mechanics revolving around psychic abilities that were reasonably well done. There just isn't anything spectacular about Cognition. It's all been done before. I still did enjoy playing through Cognition, but I was hoping for more."
76561197971532050,Recommended,242780,7463533,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"A detective Adventure Game with an interesting ""psy"" mechanic/puzzle: what is more to say? oh. ok. Cognition is pitched for Adventure gamers and it delivers a great detective story even if a little flawed. It shows that this is not a big budget title, but this is still a very good indie title.Visuals are reasonably good but are jarring at times (just plain ugly and an occassional graphic glitch). Voice Acting and Sound is good. The occassional Graphic Novel styling is good and not used enough. Puzzles are usually tricky and/or complicated. Interface is ok: it is likely that it may cause you trouble at times. The real star is the interesting story & overall good dialogue which keeps everything rolling on. Erica Reed is good main character,  but the entire supporting cast is just forgettable.A rare treat for Adventure Gamers: this is a must. It might be a a little intimidating to people new to Adventure Games: get it if there is a really good sale."
,Recommended,242780,7833474,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,sanityscraps,"This is probably the best game I've played in a while. It has some really creative writing that undoes a lot of common and problematic tropes, and let's just face it, it's a fun adventure that will make you cringe in all the best ways. The art and music are also spectacular."
,Recommended,242780,7821796,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,hachoo!,"I highly recommend this game not only for point and click adventure fans, but for gamers looking for something new out there.  If you're a gamer and are into detective stories, do not miss this gem!This is one of the very best point and click adventure/detective games I've played ever.  In most point and click adventure games, you just click some items on the screen in order to progress the story.  But in this game, you actually feel like you're a real detective, doing the gumshoe thing and piecing evidence together in order to track down the murderer.  You use your psionic abilities to see into the past, you pick up photographs and items and try to figure out what they are and their significance to the case.  I highly recommend that when playing the game, you have a real pen and little notebook with you so you can quickly jot down notes and be more immersed in the game."
76561198141178456,Recommended,242780,32828255,Posted: 26 June,all,Sue1206,"I was suprised with how good this game actually is! It is a little weird in the beginning, but then it just gets better and the story is very capturing."
,Recommended,242780,256629,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"If you are as much of a fan of point and click games as I am, or simply love a satisfying interactive story then I reccomend this one. The game is not a linear on rails puzzle game it offers many solutions to a problem but rewards the most ingenius, it is the kind of game that forces you to pay attention to the dialogue and encourages you use all resourse available to you to make any progress. You play Erica Reed, an FBI agent who carries the talent of physic abilities and pre-cognition regarding items she touches and people she encounters. It all comes together to force you to deal with some fantastic puzzles and situations. If you liked games like the Walking dead or the notebook mechanics in Discworld Noir or Sherlock Holmes then there are worse things you could do with your free time. The game is split into 4 Episodes all now available on Steam and they offer a hell of a story. Its worth checking out, you won't be disappointed."
76561198019597013,Recommended,242780,7990881,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,erketu,"Slight spoiler alert that might actually improve your enjoyment of this game: episodes 1 and 2 are not a good indication of how the rest plays out. If you like episodes 1 and 2, like I did, there is a chance that 3 and 4 will fail to engage you due to your expectations. I might finish this game later after thinking about it for a while, but as it stands I gave up partway through 4 because I didn't like how the story was unfolding and no longer cared enough about the characters to finish it. I'm recommending the game because it starts out very strong, but keep this in mind and maybe take a few days off between episodes so you aren't too invested."
,Recommended,242780,7514411,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,ALXKLM,"Holy crap! This is the best adventure game in years...If you liked adventure games like Gabriel Knight or the first Still Life this is a must!Fantastic story, great voiceovers and wonderful point and click gameplay."
,Recommended,242780,7515972,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Catharsis,"I wasn't expecting too much from this title. I have played point&clicks in many forms and this one managed to stand out as I played it. I didn't do my usual thing of getting distracted with other games - that's a very good sign.It's laid back & the achievements are fun to get if you are into that. The art style is lovely & it's got just that hint of a (softcore?) se7en feel to it, but mixed with... psychic powers (which aren't quite as lame as I first suspected).It still had a few visual bugs when I played it, but they may well have been fixed by now as the developers are active on Steam. The developers and the game are the type that deserves supporting - and I'm glad that I was able to."
,Recommended,242780,20905580,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,etkeller,"For context, I am long time adventure gamer.In brief, loved this game. It had a great story and mixture of puzzles. Loved the subject matter although may be gory for some (i.e. serial killers and graphically violent scences). Several parts of the story were a bit confusing and I felt had to jump to some of our own conclusions (or interpretations); but overall was compelling and had nice twists. Puzzles were of appropriate difficulty. I got stuck on a couple, but that was my fault for not paying attention to some detail. All the necessary info was provided at some point prior to a puzzle. A couple of times was not clear what needed to be done from a game function point of view (as opposed to a puzzle), but persistence in trying out of the box thinking will help. The psion game mechanics are compelling. I strongly recommend this game if you like detective adventure stories."
76561198024706112,Not Recommended,242780,23023542,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Positive Vibration,"1. Interesting story and atmosphere2. However... the UI/UX design is simply horrenduous and it takes up to 90% of your time:- Walking around is ultra slow- Interaction with ""cognition"" is buggy (i got stuck in episode 2 with it and couldn't recover)- Inventory interaction is a blasphemy for anyone who's played any adventure games before (even games done 25 years ago in Sierra style had MUCH better inventory control).Review:If u dont mind the bugs, glitchiness and horrible UI the story is probably a 8/10 (havent played past episode 2).If you do mind, the game is a 2/10."
76561197991695936,Not Recommended,242780,18095509,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,bustee,"So, somehow the whole setting reminded me of the movie ""Seven"" and Jane Jensen was sort of involved in the story, so, as an old Gabriel Knight fan I bought it and thought what could go wrong?Now I know... A lot.You are Erica Reed, a mental wreck who breaks down every 5 minutes, suffers from regular visions and has her office in the hallway of an FBI building right next to the vending machine. Of course you also have the casual office flirt going on and a partner who seems to be incapable of doing anything by himself. Amazing... From the get go it feels like you are stuck in a soap opera, with cheesy dialogues, irritating behaviour and a lackluster main storyline.The dialogues are so off, it hurts. The forensics guy is telling you stuff the coroner should tell you, the coroner tells you stuff the forensics guy should, in between your boss ♥♥♥♥♥es around and a whole bunch of FBI agents (2 of which look exactly the same) trample around the scenes of a murder, yet they wait for you to do some minor investigations. That just doesn't make sense either.Apart from that, the graphics constantly glitch, which I wouldn't mind so much if the story was at least okay. Well, I guess if you liked Gray Matter, then you might like this. If you want to have a story that is consistent and combines some paranormal abilities with somewhat realistic police work, then stay away.I'm just in for a bit more than an hour and I think I will try to get the game refunded. It's a shame, from the store page I thought I'd really like this game.I would definitely suggest that, unlike me, you get the demo first and see for yourself if you think that this is worth buying."
76561198065979638,Recommended,242780,11411188,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,verstehen,"A fairly engaging murder mystery; the strong point of the game really is the characters and the interactions between them. They more than make up for the somewhat over-tuned puzzles (instead of digging into ground that had been recently disturbed with your hands very early on in episode one you have to use a hammer to break a shovel that's been glued to a statue's hand) and the fairly predictable outcome of the murder mystery itself. I did, however, enjoy the way the psychic mechanics worked in the game for puzzle solving. The use of past/future to provide information and clues was neat and occasionally made the puzzles themselves more interesting (despite the sometimes ridiculous Rube Goldberg-ness of some of them). Even with the weak points of a fairly linear storyline and occasionally illogical/frustration puzzles, the deep story telling and characterization more than made the game worth it. I was especially pleased to see the care taken with the two protagonists, Erica and Cordelia, and how their stories mirrored and intertwined. The dichotomy created between the two characters really worked well and made for a satisfying resolution."
76561198087487154,Recommended,242780,10948390,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,redcathie,"I don't usually write reviews.  Some games are good, some are so so and some are bad but I tend to roll with it. In this case I have to start by issuing an apology to the developers. I deeply and sincerely apologize for waiting for this game to go on sale. You deserve to make every penny possible on this game and I hope that you are planning to invest in more Erica Reed or similar games based on the Cognition elements. When you do I will be there for first day sales and willingly pay the prices.This game snared my attention from the first few moments of the introductory comic book and DID NOT disappoint right through to the conclusion. The story line is engaging and intense. The voice acting is AMAZING. The game play is engaging with puzzles that are not simple but don't drive to distraction trying to figure out things that just don't make sense. I can see where there will be players who will critique the graphics but for me they were fine. Not flashy but they supported the story - and in this case the story is the main draw.I heartily recommend this game to anyone who enjoys an well written thriller."
,Recommended,242780,8252235,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Barry the Chopper,"The first two episodes were a truely great experience, albeit harrowing in places. The plot is enticing, the puzzles challenging and the artwork just fantastic.I was less satisfied with Episode 4 due to its different structure plus the introduced ""KIA"" screen for getting something wrong. Overall however it the series was enjoyable and well made."
76561197984436458,Recommended,242780,9735906,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,impAgent,"One of the best adventure games I've played in a long time. Unfortunately there were a lot of glitches, requiring restarting the game to continue (luckily the autosave is never too far).Each episode introduces new mechanics that keep puzzles intresting, and the story has cool twists."
,Recommended,242780,7564002,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,pfournier33,"Good stuff. Very high production values for an indie game. It also has Jane Jensen (Gabriel Knight, King's Quest 6) stamp of approval so that's a selling point."
76561198166861770,Recommended,242780,33123063,Posted: 2 July,all,redsnowfalls,"The story's plot is well-written. Over the 4 episodes you do start to empathize with the characters and where they're coming from. However, as far as game mechanics goes, I found gameplay to be clunky and annoying at times. The artistic direction (especially for the movies and soundtrack) are fine and set the right tone for the story, but during regular gameplay, the character animations (particulary with the mouths) were a little off. Overall, I found this to be an enjoyable puzzle/caper/murder mystery."
,Recommended,242780,10224863,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,dionissos,Πάρα πολύ καλό με δυνατό story και αρκετούς υπέροχους γρίφους.
,Recommended,242780,8340873,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,naughtyzeut,"This is one of the best adventure games and story plots I've experienced in a long time.  Each successive chapter of the story improves upon the previous both in terms of game play mechanics, story writing, and decision consequences in the later chapter."
,Not Recommended,242780,30163452,Posted: 25 February,all,Kretiar,Run into two bugs that wouldn't let me contiune the game.So unless you are lucky or like starting the game over stay away.
76561198068240538,Not Recommended,242780,24109601,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,jaytin,"The story is okay, but the voice acting is really bad. Weird graphical glitches around the character's mouths and shoulders/arms make the whole atmosphere pretty hilarious, not good in a Detective game where atmosphere should be important. The way the main character walks is just bizarre, she looks like a sumo wrestler that had an accident in his loincloth.  I think they should have delayed releasing this game until they sorted out the bugs.Glad I didn't pay full price for it. Severely lacking in both atmosphere and polish."
76561198006653128,Recommended,242780,15112916,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ssfsx17,"Visceral and gripping story, tough puzzles, tight and focused game mechanics. This is a must-have for any fan of the point & click adventure genre."
76561198072103064,Not Recommended,242780,20232973,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Incident Report,"I tried to enjoy this game, I really did.But when Rose started explaining some expositional crap about how certain cognition powers worked in episode one (it just dragged on and I simply didn't care), it was unskippable, and I just brought up Facebook in the Steam overlay and missed nothing at all when it finished.It's just not immersive, and the puzzles were more annoying than interesting. I did like the art style, and the demo I thought was quite good which was why I ended up buying it, but the full version just felt like it dragged on so much. I used the message Dad thing a lot more toward the end because I just wanted the episode to end and couldn't be bothered looking for the solutions myself.Also,how many times do you have to show the same vision of her dying? Like, we get it, you saw yourself die. Stop seeing it repeatedly and acting surprised each time it happens.Should clarify I gave up partway through episode 2."
,Not Recommended,242780,23934371,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Vergilius,Bugs make it impossible to proceed. This game might have a good story and ideas BUT it's obviously developed poorly. I don't recommend buying it.
,Recommended,242780,15686193,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Magick_Lady 🐱,"a bit more difficult then the usual in terms of what to do next cause that can be the puzzle , great challenge"
76561198118273523,Recommended,242780,10151038,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Gilomores,"What the game does lack in graphics, it certainly makes up for with the story-line and puzzles. If you like detective or supernatural stories, then this is the game for you"
76561198070953359,Recommended,242780,10839052,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ALW4110,"This game has a plot that grabs you from the beginning and will not let go. Erica's powers are an interesting method for pacing the game, as they can keep things hidden from you. Most of the puzzles are very intuitive to figure out, and it is rare that you get completely stuck. I think my favorite puzzles are when you help people remember the past.There are some glitches in this game. I had a menu glitch that made it very difficult to keep the menu open or select what I wanted to use. The in-game help system is not very good at detecting what problems I am stuck on.Overall, this is a compelling game, and I can't wait to finish the last two episodes."
,Recommended,242780,8515950,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,knud,Admittedly I found the gameplay a bit.. troublesome. But it is easy to look past that when the writing and voice acting and beautifully drawn backgrounds draw you into the story.It is a fairly short game everything considered. So one might argue that the price (currently) is a bit steep. Personally though I have no regrets. More please? :P
76561198013862463,Recommended,242780,2871404,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Analog Pill,"Although it's a bit buggy, this game is fantastic. It has a gripping story, interesting characters, wonderful visuals, and classic adventure style gameplay. I just made it through the first episode and I can't put it down! Hightly recommended!"
,Recommended,242780,32493283,Posted: 16 June,all,>:3c,"I'll admit, this game does have its issues but on the whole it is a well crafted and compelling story with good art (during the comic-style cut scenes, that is), catchy music and decent voice acting.The only places it falls flat is with the occasional glitches (mostly in the last episode) which are pretty easy to trigger and the clunky movement of character models. And sometimes if you don't do actions in the order the game intended you to some dialogue feels a little off (but tbh that's an issue with the whole point-and-click genre in general).Despite its issues I think it's definitely a great story worth playing!"
,Recommended,242780,8864432,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ScubaSteve728,"Excellent adventure game with some fantastic writing, and well done characters. It definitely suffers in the technical department however, and the in-game models are okay at best. Still, well worth playing for anyone who is a fan of adventure games, or police dramas."
76561198036230611,Recommended,242780,13526051,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Galberin,"One of the better point-and-click adventure games of recent years. I've thorroughly enjoyed this. You play as Erica Reed, a redhead-with-a-temper FBI agent, solving a series of rather gruesome crimes. Playthrough time is roughly 20 hours for the average player, and the game is divided into four episodes (each episode presents one crime case). The game has a great, comicbook-style art style, although the 3D models and animations are somewhat basic and glitchy. It has a moody atmosphere, supported by a good soundtrack. Interesting feature is Erica's 'cognition' power, which allows her to e.g. see things from the past. Rather than this being just a neat trick (which happens all too often when games introduce a new mechanic that is clearly intended to be new), this mechanic helps turn the game into an actual investigative game. My score: 10/10."
76561198044768454,Recommended,242780,7923063,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,LC,"What can I say? Gabriel Knight fans, come! I was sckeptical, thought that comparing the two games was a publicity move, saying that Jane Jensen was on board and all... But took a leap of faith and was rewarded. A game full of WTF moments."
,Recommended,242780,1150614,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Ðimensional,"Artwork is amazing and so is the story, great game."
76561198098134966,Recommended,242780,8101330,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Skieth,A really good game <3
76561197991297029,Recommended,242780,8063437,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,pyramoose,"A little buggy and a few rough spots, especially in episode 4, but overall avery good adventure game experience. Good story and character development. engaging throughout."
76561197997856047,Recommended,242780,8270784,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Alioth,"My wife likes point-and-click adventure games, mysteries, and strong female characters, so I started playing this with her.  It got way too gruesome for her, but I liked it.  The puzzles are interesting and difficult, often in a good way but sometimes their scope is too wide: there are too many tasks in too many places with too many items, so you're left just trying to find a way to do *anything*."
,Recommended,242780,18167496,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,RoseVonMassacre,"I just finished all 4 chapters and I'm emotionally devastated.I'm aware tastes differ from person to person, so I'll just say for my taste, this game is a masterpiece.The story mixes A LOT of things together and during the years I noticed that usually if you overdo a story, it ♥♥♥♥s up completely and gets lost: apparently not true when you have some good writers by your side.I'm not that disturbed by the gore but there's a lot of it, be prepared. It's kinda cartoonish but torture and body parts still look like torture and body parts.Great voice acting, soundtrack on point: perfectly fits and gives even more pathos to emotional moments. I cried like a b***h.Sometimes I even forgot characters weren't real (but that might just be me).One thing I thought I'd hate but instead really enjoyed is the fact that every chapter adds something new to gameplay style: characters switch, abilities, trust meters, choices, etc etcIf I'd have to mention any cons, I'd say skipping some walks would have been great (can't stand to take much time switching from a scenario to another, I'm really impatient).Hope to see something like this again in the future."
76561198368817395,Recommended,242780,33611189,Posted: 17 July,all,stefanyajh,Loved it!
76561198273176159,Recommended,242780,34465617,Posted: 24 August,all,KQuintz,I really like it. Better detektive  game than Sherlock Holmes games.
76561197974761049,Recommended,242780,18038936,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,nemo_annonymous,"Cognition combines Wadjet Eye/Blackwell style character developement and interaction with Sierra level polish.  Excellent voice acting, solid music and intelligent puzzles throughout make it one of the best point-and-clicks available on Steam.  There are a few obtuse puzzles, graphical issues, and problems with stability (that can be fixed with a command-line parameter), but the quality of everything else more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,242780,11198499,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,A great adventure game.
76561198117844895,Recommended,242780,11701936,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Rizer,"Cognition: An Erica Reed Thriller has many things I could say about it, but because the plot is a thriller/mystery I’m going to try and keep away from spoiling any surprises the game might have in store for anyone daring enough to give it a try.Ultimately I gave the game thumbs up. Cognition was by no means a flawless creation, but it impressed me with how different it was from other point and click adventure games I have played.It was basically a horror game that made you think.  Not to many of those lying around.Now I know it hints at what to expect in the title. The game is technically a thriller, yes, but it is so full of gore, twisted psychology, mind games, deathtraps and people dying in horrible ways that the only thing that seems to  keep the game from plunging into the full fledged horror-only end of the spectrum is the fact that the main character, Erica Reed, is an FBI agent with some psychic abilities.Still, the writing is so dark an twisted that even being a psychic investigator in the FBI doesn’t really help Erica Reed much and she often comes out as more of a victim trying to survive than anybody who is successfully solving anything. It’s not even to hard to guess who the evil sick killers are as soon as they are introduced, but the puzzles, sick mind games, and music are so disturbing that most players will find it hard to stop playing.Despite it's ability to grip an audience, the over all presentation of the game still does flip flop a bit in quality. Sure there is the great draw of that dark atmosphere and the developers do a ton of things right as far as creepy tension goes, but there are a couple of moments where the presentation trips over itself.  Voice acting was hit or miss. The 3D animations would occasionally go from wildly over the top movement to actually breaking the character model, causing the character to glitch out and crash. It can be a bit distracting, listening to what sounds like a bipolar Erica Reed doing an anime style fist pump and then spontaneously having her head spin 360 degrees kind of takes a person out of the seriously tense moments. Luckily these bizarre issues were few enough to not really bother players with a forgiving sense of humor.The over arching storyline is divided into five parts. Each of the five episodes seemed to have their own strong moments, paired together with little flaws in detail. There were plenty of moments when, if anyone stopped to really think about it, it would seem that the characters did things that would make no sense just to further the plot. In fact, there were many ways for the killers to have been caught in each episode, but FBI protocol and any logic associated with that setting is conveniently thrown aside in favor of a over dramatic scene or additional puzzle.For instance, there is one laughable moment were Erica Reed thinks she has to figure out how to steal an old tape recorder and tape from a grumpy colleague then goes about breaking a couple of laws in the process, but the whole time I can’t help but wonder why she can’t just go to her boss, use her smart phone to record things or, heck, hop in her car and go to a local electronics store to buy her own hand held cassette recorder for around $20 or so.Does Erica Reed's actions make any sense in the above situation? No, but it's not distracting enough to ruin the game for anyone who has tried other games in the point&click genre. Sure the dips in logic are noticable but not crippling to the bigger scheme of things and most casual players will probably shrug them off.In the end, what really won me over was how the game made you thinks when it came to puzzles. If it’s a very mature game with mature content, you expect some very difficult and mature logic solving puzzles right? Well the player actually can get that here! It actually makes the player think and a player can solve most of them without using the hint system if one puts one’s mind to it.  I really enjoyed the complexity of the puzzles and I ended up using the hint system more to navigate through nonsensical parts of the story to find them than to do any actual puzzle or logic solving because of the long awaited challenge they represented.In conclusion, I give Cognition: An Erica Reed Thriller a thumbs up, although it's a twitchy thumb with warts just around the thumbnail. Honestly, I’m not sure if this game is for most audiences, since the game seems to have been made for people so desensitized that they no longer have a gag reflex combined with the tendency to have the patience level of a saint. I'm not even sure making any more ""Erica Reed"" thrillers (if that's the intent behind the needlessly lengthy title) would be a good idea considering how random the plot was, but was this game was different enough to stand out in a crowd and entertaining in it’s own right. I say give it a shot, just be aware that you might have to talk to a therapist when you are done playing."
,Recommended,242780,32509385,Posted: 17 June,all,adamanteva,"If you're a big fan of point and clicks and thrillers, you're going to love this game. The art style is beautiful, the plot is amazing, and the music was one of my favorite parts of this whole experience, very atmospheric! I had to use outside help a few times because some of the puzzles are so intricate, but it's an awesome game that I would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,242780,23946418,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,UnrealDelusion,"Cognition: An Erica Reed Thrilleris an episodic adventure spread over 4 episodes.In the game you play Erica Reed, an FBI agent, who loses her brother to a serial killer. After three years the case gets closed by the director of the FBI since there has been no progress in the investigation since that fatefull night. Then one night you get called to a crime scene to determine if it was a murder or suicide and from there on on you get spiraled into an investigation in which you not only have to find the murderer but also find a way to prevent your own death.THE GOODExcellent storyBeautifull musicLogical puzzlesGreat to above average voice actingHint system availble for those who want to use itStrong female lead characterTHE BADMediocre animations at some spots in the gameHad two spots in my gameplay where a grapical glitch happened on my characterA few puzzles, while logical once you figure them out, are really hardTHE UGLYNothing really in my humble opinionFinal Verdict: 9 out of 10"
,Recommended,242780,31182899,Posted: 16 April,all,KayDuckula,"If you are looking for a serious mystery & clue searching game (none of those random object-puzzle bullcraps), this is perfect for you. I've been playing this game here and there for a long while now. It's broke down into Episodes, where each episode is worth about 3-5 hours of game play (if you don't use a walkthrough). I'm currently stuck on Episode 4, and have been for awhile. I try hard not to use walkthroughs, so it's my own fault--honestly. Thank god I'm not a real detective, or I would have failed at life. If you like the Sherlock Holmes games, then this is a game for you. Lots of death, mystery, and even some supernatural aspects to keep you going."
76561198076720369,Recommended,242780,12313745,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,n0cn1l,Cognition: An Erica Reed Thriller is a awesome detective game.
,Recommended,242780,8852873,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Grim_2o0o,"The only way to win at this game is to actually eat the egg sandwich.Just eat the damn egg sandwich Erica, you dumb hoe."
76561198170907242,Not Recommended,242780,20055224,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Amine,"The number of times that I almost felt asleep while playing is not normal.. First, you absolutely have no control over the plot or outcome or decisions ... Everything will happen in a very very narrow and specific way, and your role as a player is to keep clicking until you find out what the developper wanted you to do next, which bring me to my second point: This might be hell for anyone who is picky about to user friendly platform and commands ! It will literally take you countless amounts of clicks to achieve a very simple command/task that could have been set up with a click or scroll menu or or or.... The game is not intuitive,  the platform is not adequate, no excitment, and you litereally are sleeping bored in what it supposed to be a thriller/crime based game...."
76561198036943999,Not Recommended,242780,21605349,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SamuraiJones,"To be perfectly clear, I'm bad review purely because of technical problems. By the end it was like trying desperately to watch a DVD with a scratch, or watch a streaming video when your internet keeps dropping out. The game would freeze up on me so I'd have to kill it in task manager. It never happened in the 1st episode, happened twice in the 2nd, happened regularly in the 3rd, and the 4th was nearly unplayable. There's a scene in the 4th where two characters talk in the car, with no opportunity to save partway through in case of a crash. It took me more than a dozen tries to get through that scene, because it kept freezing up in the middle. Honestly, if I wasn't so into the story, I would have given up on it, so take that as you will.I've glanced at the discussion boards, and it looks like the developers were fighting alot of these issues. It looks like they were very responsive too. But the game is 2.5 years after release, and it still feels like early beta.Ok, technical issues aside, I loved the game. If you play the demo, I just need to say: the game is better. Each episode was better than the previous. Now the 4th episode was an exception... I thought the ending was pretty weak, but I may have just been distracted by the crashes. There were a few little things... Erica's voice actor was obviously working on her accent as the games progressed, so her dialect drifted from midwestern to boston as the games progressed. Still though, the game really was one of the most intense point n clicks I've ever played.So I loved the game, except that the freezes ruin it. If there's a 2nd season, I would definately be interested, although I might watch the forums to see if they got their tech stuff in order before buying it."
,Recommended,242780,27900704,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,zekalfour,"The best game ever! It's not a joke. This game is masterpiece, like the people who's made this and working at Phoenix Online Studios. This game have everything. Atmosphere, dramatic story, cool chatacters, amazing soundtracks etc. You should listen them all. Soundtrack so.... Such emotional for me. I even cried from the first minutes of the game. That's amazing. The developers made a such good game. Thank you!"
,Recommended,242780,16330456,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ninshjok,"I am not a fan of Adventure games, but this games call my attention, I downloaded the demo an got intrigued about the story and the depth of the characters.The game play is really fun, the plus side are the Puzzles you need to solve using Erica's powers.The story is really dark and full of horror which keeps escalating wile you advance in the story, although it have some good moment for silly jokes.In general even if you are not a fan of Adventure Game I recommend this game, the Main character is really badass the puzzles are hard enough to not be easy but not that hard to be frustrating, if you are a pro in this sorts of game I recommend disabling the ""TIPS"" feature"
,Recommended,242780,25043631,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Blood,Hidden gem.8/10
,Recommended,242780,5291772,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Pr0xy,"Если любишь квесты, мистику и CSI'подобные загадки - вам сюда!"
76561198024969911,Recommended,242780,29351816,Posted: 19 January,all,Yendor,"Erika ReedA very enjoyable adventure game. It has good puzzles and a very engaging (creepy) story.As adventure games go, this one had a more serious tone. You are an FBI agent tracking a serial killer who killed your bother. And yes, that makes it personal. Which causes a certain amount of friction with your boss and (some) coworkers.  This one has fairly deep character design for computer games. I don't normally notice voice acting, but I did this time (in a good way).The puzzles made sense to me, but if not the game does have a hint system. I did experience one crashing bug, but the game autosaves when you switch locations so not too bad. There are occasional humourous graphical glitches where Erika's head starts spinning in random directions and decides to rotate through her stomach, but those were rare enough not to bother me.Oh, and if the developers are reading this (1) If I disable tutorial text in the main menu, this is because I do not want to see tutorial text. I don't like ""Oh, *this* tutorial should be shown even if it's disabled"". And, more importantly, if you have a dramatic fast-paced really tense scene, it makes sense there would be a lot of director's commentary with it. Do not ever again alternate a click in a fast-paced intense scene with 30-60 seconds of commentary with another intense click with another minute of commentary, ...."
,Recommended,242780,16833665,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BL@DE#EZ_MMR!,Play as a unsympathtic detective who tries to catch a Jigsaw like killer. Story is quite depressing but I like how the game is a handled in episode 3.
76561197984497907,Recommended,242780,16049544,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Gilgam,"+++- Interesting story.- Interesting characters.- A few very interesting plot twists.---- Some obtuse and illogical puzzles.- The 4 episodes are not equal, the 2nd and 3rd being the bests and the 4th being a low point. Which is unfortunate since it is the serie's ending.Overall an enjoyable point and click adventure. ***6.5/10***"
76561198046385053,Not Recommended,242780,19635703,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,poopoogood,"Cognition (2013) is like theBlackwell Legacy (2006). They are both point-and-click adventures where you play a female redhead medium on a detective case. The difference is that in Cognition you just flail around from scene to scene, instead getting a cool story.I also ran into a bug where if you left on psychic mode between scenes, it was stuck on."
76561198011727438,Recommended,242780,18710772,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,sellis,"Its good, except for:* The stupid puzzle at the end of episode 2* Pretty much all of episode 4"
76561198041368788,Recommended,242780,14570073,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Detective,What an incredible bang for the buck!Lengthy...captivating...beautifully written.. fantastic and imaginative story lines! Highly recommended.
76561198108031310,Recommended,242780,14399768,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Captain Cuddles,Good point and click game. It has the story of a Tell Tale Game and all the puzzle solving of a Myst game. Good game.
76561198162415372,Recommended,242780,14162073,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,kaypontbee,"Apart from the unpolished graphics and animation it is a good and atmospheric pnc adventure. Some of the puzzles lacked logic and there was quite a bit of go here then there then go back to increase playtime - and also some bugs that almost hindered completion. Still, one of the better adventure games."
76561197994117737,Recommended,242780,22934006,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,tomtom,"SUMMARY:Thrilling murder mystery point&click game with novel post-cognition mechanic. A great episodic adventure where each consecutive episode builds up on the mystery of preceeding chapters to the grand climax of the final episode. Game's presentation is pleasant, but lacks certain degree polish you'd expect from title having jane jensen's name attached to it.  Needlessly amateurish character models and animation. Enjoyable 20 hour trip despite minor flaws and glitches.GOOD:fairly well told mystery murder story with several twists along the wayinteresting congnition mechanics, where puzzles are, at times, solved by observing past history or items/peoplewell acted voiceover.nicely painted backgrounds20-ish hours of gameplay for very acceptable price.BAD:Opening sequence can be off putting since it presumes you caring about the protagonists without prior familiarity.Some puzzles lack a clear build-up, leaving player without any clues to pursue.Occasionally buggy pathfining causes Erica to take her sweet time to walk where you point her to with you cursor.Occasionally flaky animation where torso walks facing one direction, and legs face opposite direction (sand crab walk)Bad mesh topology on character models. When erica turns her head, her neck twists into a knot resembling a wet gym towel being squeezed out. Facial animation occasionally causes stray polygons to pop out of characters' faces, making them look like creepy man-bots."
76561197971874482,Recommended,242780,12988532,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Toren_S [Also Friendly],"One of the best adventure games I have ever played, an excellent job of balancing the bleakness of the amazing story with wanting to keep you figuring out what happens next.Not quite as good of a hint system as the Broken Sword games but I still appreciate any game that gives any kind of nudges to save me from just going to look up a walkthrough.Episodes 1-3 are stronger than 4 in a gameplay sense, but the entire story was very well crafted and well worth seeing through to the end."
76561198107564320,Not Recommended,242780,35100917,Posted: 21 September,all,elizabethveldon,"Oh dear...given the positivity towards this game i assume that it's the mac version which is broken: often clues can not be interacted with, graphics glitch out to nightmare inducing versions of faces and the game keeps crashing.perhaps it's fine for the pc but the mac edition of this game is a mess"
,Recommended,242780,22747999,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,caubert,"This game is amazing. I bought it a while ago but started to play it right now. It's suspense,eeriness, 'noir elements and puzzles are very interesting and captivating.UX-desing is simple - so no idiotic menu surfing. Only thing I really don't like, because of the bugs and platform itself is the Unity Engine. Game is buggy, but it will not kill the fun, so I'd say developers took the best out of worse.So if you like good female-protagonist detective point'n'click games this game is 100% for you. I very very much recommend it. And thank you dev's for making this game in the era of typical crap games. You saved it :)edit: I finally finished the game, almost 40 hours of pure amazement and enjoyment. This game is a must for every adventure game player."
,Not Recommended,242780,23915961,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Squeedle,"The voice acting is poor, the story is thin and the pacing is not good.  Game play is slow, UI is clunky and awkward. I can't recommend it, sorry."
76561198022186188,Not Recommended,242780,26756627,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,selambentolgi,"played the first episode as a torture, although I bought the other episodes, I won't even waste my time on such a great-story-wasted. terrible gameplay. promising story. nice serious atmosphere but terrible gameplay"
,Not Recommended,242780,30044709,Posted: 19 February,all,tsupertsundere,"Okay, I try to really be fair and forgiving, especially to indie projects, but as a 3D artist myself -this game has THE WORST weight painting I've ever seen on a shipped game that I spent money on. Which is a shame, because the animations are pretty fluid (the mocap data is cleaned nicely, or the animator that hand-animated did a good job) but the effect is all but ruined by verts floating a good six inches above a character's collarbone. It's not clean, it's not professional, and it really doesn't do an already clunky game any favors.It's the most glaring symptom of an overall experience that is pretty poor. It's going to be a slog to grind through this for achievements."
76561198232762524,Recommended,242780,31208576,Posted: 17 April,all,egherbert,I really love this game.  The story line is great.  Erica's powers progress through the episodes which makes for a more complex gaming experience.  I highly recommend for all lovers of the crime genre and adventure games in general.
76561198016977238,Recommended,242780,23504635,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Kardos,This is an amazing hidden gem! One of the best adventures I've played!Great atmosphere! Great story! Great dialogues! Lovely graphs!Buy it!(I havent experienced any bugs so far! I will update this review if I do! )
,Not Recommended,242780,25254336,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mubarak,TL;DR: *MOONLOGIC* game.I tried. I couldn't. The UI/UX of this game is a nightmare. The movement is slow. Some of the puzzles are unexplained. Example: You need a device to scan a graffiti that is covered with green painting. You get the device. You try to scan through the green painting to see the graffiti. You can't. You need to enter the color Id. How? I don't know. You can't interact with the device. That and other things stopped me from continuing the game. The back and forth from location to location to get simple stuff is boring and annoying. You don't feel progression. padding after padding...I don't recommend this game to anyone who gets frustrated quickly.
76561197971726726,Recommended,242780,18639126,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,D_REVAN,"this is a great game, one great adventure and great history.I dont like to make reviews, so i will be short, this is one of the best point and click games out there , deserve wayyyy more sucess it may have , at any level,Great writting, great dialoges, great episodes, (although the n 4 is the weakest, still good) great direction, great art..... and basicly everything it does, does correctly.Mature plot and great characters, really, one of the best out there.Of course you have to like this kind of games , if not , still give it a chance, is a great police psi-powers plot."
,Not Recommended,242780,34540110,Posted: 27 August,all,P.,"The realistic investigating parts worked well, but the supernatural parts - what I usually like - were very, hair-pullingly difficult and really, really obscure. Think Batman's X-ray HUD in ""Arkham Asylum."" It is meant to help the investigating, right? Wrong! You won't know which supernatural doohickey does what and - even worse - sometimes, you have to combine the astral doodads and fictional hi-tech gear together... and in the correct order to boot! So, obviously, trial and error and patience is key. And I have neither the patience nor the time to play such limited-style games.It's a shame, because it had potential."
,Recommended,242780,24640642,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,GeekFresh,"This is a great point-and-click game packed with a compelling story arc, fairly complex puzzles, and interesting main characters.  The cutscene art is vibrant and well done.My only frustration has been frequent crashes.  A quick search through the forums revealed that this might be due to a known, raptr-related issue in-game.  Using the '-force-gfx-direct' command line option solved that problem for me.  The game has run without any problems so far (~1 hour).  w00tUPDATE: no crashes or lags since updating the launch options, going on 5+ hours of game time since."
76561198083289730,Recommended,242780,23802669,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,lex,"This one is a long one, I admit I had to use a cheatsheet here, some puzzles are hair-pulling difficult (getting the safe combi from towers), most of the puzzles just require some thinking though and are solveable with logic thinking. When I started playing this game I was almost immediately sucked into the atmosphere of the game, it didn't fail during all episodes.I can recommend this game to all puzzlers out there who love a good story line with some nice twists.definately an 8+ out of 10!"
,Recommended,242780,20818225,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,SneakySanchez,"I will recommend this game with a warning, don't have high expectations for quality or atmousphere.  There's a lotta neat qualities about this game.  It's a very decent point and click mystery and the story, on paper, is very interesting.  But for some reason, I can't like this game.   The dialogue, the voice acting, the graphics, the art, none if it flows very well and it's very obvious that these guys were only working with what they had on them, which that being considered makes this game very impressive.I understand that indie developers struggle to put out a decent game, but I can't help but point out that there are many indie developers who still manage to put out high-quality products.  Which leads me to believe that there were probably better options the devs could have made design and development tool-wise that could have improved the quality of the atmousphere.All that being said, this game is very impressive when understanding that these guys probably had a low-budget.  I'm recommending this game cuz, even though i'm a bigot and the quality kept me from enjoying the game, I'm confident that these devs can do something really special with the right support."
76561198052355727,Recommended,242780,32663218,Posted: 22 June,all,m4tt.harrison,"This game has a great story and some really interesting bits to it. The ending is a bit sad, there is some retribution there, and the plot twist is unique."
76561198043657263,Recommended,242780,25598545,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Schloumpf,Weak in some parts but lots of fun.
76561198090469475,Not Recommended,242780,23589292,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,❂(Sun),"Meh, the voice acting and weird animation ruin it for me. sure the story is great, but thats what lets plays are for. without a good gameplay aspect, it just isnt worth buying."
76561198197918528,Not Recommended,242780,32854567,Posted: 27 June,all,VanSven73,"MATTER OF TASTEThis game tries to hard to be a blockbuster movie.-cluncky UI-INV  Management is annoying as hell-pathing of Characters is ""meh""-overplayed voiceacting and dialog (soup opra style)-music is getting annoying over the duration of 4 EPs-questionalble Trophies in part.- I have a ""BEAST""-PC (including all out SSD Drives, GTX 1060 etc.) in comparrison to this games needs and still load times even without leaving the current scene aka. wating for the mousepinter to return.Good thing is you can play the demo first, now. :0)"
76561198027515400,Not Recommended,242780,18011066,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Butterfly_Puncher,This game would get a 10/10 from me if it didnt crash every 10 minutes!!V. frustrating because the story is amazing and I want to know what happens but Ive lost patience
76561197975539981,Recommended,242780,31893831,Posted: 21 May,all,Babbles,"I clicked on the screen - player turns taking some 10 seconds, then walks slowly to the mouse click.Hint says press twice to run. I click twice. Player turns slowly over what still feels like 10 seconds, then jogs slightly faster to mouse click.I congratulate myself on buying a game that has a direct anaolgy to watching paint dry.If you like painting diaoramas for your model train set, this game is for you, if you think paying $2 to take your son to the model train club's already finnished display is more your thing, this game is not for you."
,Not Recommended,242780,11799925,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,DracoMalus,"On two levels I think this game is brilliant: artistic style of the backgrounds and cut-scenes fits the over tone this game tries to set.  It's subtle, muted, coloful, and simple.  The story itself is complex and deep (and somewhat convoluted) with unexpected twists, interesting concepts, and somewhat original gameplay mechanics.However that's where the briliance in this near disater of a game stops.  The puzzles, while some are clever, are at best average, and the music fares a bit better than average.  Everything else falls dreadfully short of average from horible character models and animation to weak, shallow, and often laughable characters, some horrendous voice acting, and questionable dialogue.This amounts to what could have been a greaty story and gaming experience ruined by the way the story itself is told with poor production values in most departments mentioned above, with the voice acting, dialogue, and character animations being the worst of the offenders.  One particular puzzle has its hot spots off, causing you (well, at least me) to select the wrong answers in a critical moment even though you clik the right answer.  And the devs can't tell their left from their right and their center.  One puzzle, after every move, you get the exact same dialogue repeated that takes up 11 seconds before you can move again.  The puzzle is taking forever, just form the stupid repeated, and useless, dialogue.Also, the actual game engine (Unity) itself detracted much form the experience with several lockups and frequent delays (the engine seems to need time to recover from every action you perform causing a delay of a few seconds before you can take another action).  Also, the default Unity start up screen that asks you about game setting before actually getting into the game is a put off as well.Sadly, I cannot recommend this to anyone as an overly enjoyable experience.  You can play this game and you probably won't regret it, but you'll be overly disappointed because this game fall so short of what it could have been.  It borders more on being an amateur title than an indie one."
,Not Recommended,242780,8647590,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,get back im evil :^),This game is okay. I dunno why but it reminds me of Heavy Rain and Beyond:Soul Souls.It's buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and is extremely confusing so I don't reccomend. It would be worth 5$ but not 20.
,Not Recommended,242780,8912816,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,fiftydwarves,THIS IS SUCH A GOOD GAME!!! Not.
76561198030812107,Recommended,242780,19353994,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Allan,"You play an FBI agent chasing down a serial killer, still haunted by her failure to save her brother three years ago.  It's pulpy stuff, but the atmosphere really brings it alive and makes it entertaining. It was more than enough for me to forgive the idiosyncrasies of the wonky game engine, like Erica occasionally walking strangely and some occasional tearing on the character models.Where the game really runs into trouble is in its second half. The third episode gets completely bogged down in exposition. The writing gets rather ambitious too, but just doesn't quite deliver. The fourth episode tried to bring back the pace, but feels rushed, closed-in, and is a bit of a mess. It was never so bad that I put it down, but it felt very much like they had stumbled en route to what could have been a legitimately great adventure game.Overall, I felt that Cognition's highs outshone its lows enough that I would suggest you pick it up - but only on sale."
76561198064221865,Recommended,242780,19454719,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,jkly,This is really an excellent game. It reminds me of the old Gabriel Knight games and I was pleased to see Jane Jensen was on the team.The story is amazing and the characters are richly developed. The animations and the 3-d graphics look a little blocky. My main gripe with this game was how often it froze and/or crashed. I had to save my game often. I played for about 3 hours tonight and the game froze/crashed about 7 times.
76561198118730846,Recommended,242780,19344982,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,amandac1978,you can see ghoust and see memorys this is cool game
,Recommended,242780,22013241,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,amybabes,"Having recently completed Grim Fandango (probably the most famous point and click ever), I was looking for something that would top the experience and this did! I absolutely loved this game. The characters are all extremely interesting and Erica Reed is a really likeable, relatable girl, who even has the power to see into the past. To me, the graphics and the animations are brilliant (even when you get the odd glitch, it's just funny!) and the soundtrack is second to none. I have never played a game that has been so addictive and the storyline is so immersive,that I was lost in this for a week, like a book I couldn't put down. At times, the gameplay was so intense I felt like I was going to have a heart attack, but in a fun way! I genuinely cared for the characters, which makes the game all the more shocking when you do make a wrong move. I'ts gory, intelligent and daring. The puzzles are logical and made sense to me (although I doubt I could have completed them without the hints - thanks Dad!). If you are considering buying this game, do it. It's so so so so good. Every decision you make will affect the future of the game and also the lives of the characters you will grow to love, ever so fondly. It's genius."
76561198274566778,Recommended,242780,21385800,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,honeycat555,"loved this so much, each chapter is differnt.OST is pretty awesome. def recommend . want to see erica reed again soon, nothing else compares."
,Recommended,242780,7600965,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Spender,"Good adventure, solid puzzles. Overall a entertaining not too hard game."
,Recommended,242780,21668426,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Bob,"This game took a while for me to get into, it is quite slow, most of the characters are unlikable♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and the character animations are jerky, unnatural and prone to hilarious glitches. However by the time I got into the second episode I had been sucked into the story and couldn't wait to carry on. The use of the characters' paranormal abilities adds a nice twist to the usual point and click puzzles. In contrast to the terrible character models the background art work is excellent and rather reminiscent of Grey Matter, which is kind of a shame because this game really doesn't measure up to that game. So this is not the greatest point and click game but I'm giving it a thumbs up predominantly for the story."
76561198144593917,Recommended,242780,21756864,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,mikesanerd,"Overall, Cognition is a good game. The story is very compelling and the game play is pretty good. Episode 1 is very rough around the edges, and I almost gave up on the game, but things really start kicking in episode 2 and the game finds its groove. I definitely enjoyed it overall.Pros:+ Good story with lots of twists and turns+ Story has a ton of suspense and moves along at a good clip+ Most of the point and click puzzles are pretty good. And when they're not, there's a built-in hint system to keep the game moving.+ The character's psychic abilities give the game a unique feel.+ Pretty good music.Cons:- Graphics are really rough and buggy, especially in episode 1. I am not a person who ever complains about graphics, but the weird, creepy facial expressions and body language are downright distracting. Sometimes Erica gets weird lines on her face like the Joker, or sometimes a character might contort their body in ridiculous ways.- The voice acting is pretty hit and miss. People's accents come and go, and a couple characters are really bad--like the actor is reading their lines off of a piece of paper. Again, this is not something I normally complain about, but it can be pretty distracting.- A few game mechanics were swings and misses, like episode 4's half-hearted attempt to make dialog choices and relationships matter. Apparently there are two ending, so your choices matter a little, but not really."
76561198042470474,Recommended,242780,25335790,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Excantius,"Good story with genuine twists, likeable characters, great astethic and voiceacting.Some small bugs, but no plotstoppers or anything.All in all a good package for the price."
76561198222351464,Recommended,242780,25454711,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,sandiego.ana,"It has a good plot and I got surprised and scared many times. The animation was a bit off for me. One of the characters mouth animation was funky and in the final episode, Erica glitched on me a few times. I grew attached to many of the characters and was sad to what happened to them but I was still happy for the ending. Other then that this is an awesome game."
76561197997707473,Recommended,242780,22967607,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,stinkpotfiend,"Ill keep it brief. I've been playing point and click adventures for as long as I've been gaming and I LOVE Cognition. I'm a big fan of the Gabriel Knight series and it sorta feels like getting some more of that (especially considering Jane Jensen's involvement). I casually played the first episode, but somewhere in episode two I got HOOKED and played non-stop until completion. I love that the puzzles pretty much always follow a logical progression. I'm not completely opposed to nonsene puzzles of some other games, but I liked that with proper use of my noodle, I could always deduce the solution."
76561198030528976,Recommended,242780,22831067,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Iophiel,"Great storyline! If you're a fan of story-driven games and like mysteries and crime drama, you'll really enjoy this game.I remember having a bit of trouble figuring out what to do next at a few points, but overall it's pretty good at making the problem solving/puzzles challenging without being TOO challenging. They're all mostly intuitive and can be reasoned through.Would recommend."
76561198036769971,Recommended,242780,22596437,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Juhochu,"The story is amazing, you can really see Jane Jensen's handiwork and are reminded of the suspense in the Gabriel Knight series. The modern setting with smartphones and FBI tech makes the game easy to relate to. Also, a strong female protagonist is something I'm happy to see. The music also works very well and creates a thrilling atmosphere.There are some minor bugs relating to character movement are a small annoyance but do not spoil the experience.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,242780,22633096,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,dovahkiinkulaas,"The graphics are a little crude, although unique (cutscene graphics were done well.) The gameplay is mostly based on the story and I have to say the story is well-developed. I really enjoyed taking notes, using Erica's cognition, and solving mysteries. I really enjoyed playing all five episodes of Cognition and wish there were more games like it! 8/10"
76561198016603106,Recommended,242780,24991041,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,GabrielK,"Erica Reed is simply one of the best stories told about serial killers in games.Graphic is okay, the voiceovers are splendid (apart from Director Davies) and the idea of putting Psion powers into the gameplay (though not always executed well) freshens up the title.This game is for people who:- like the serial killer topic- don't mind some SAW references- can overlook technical problems (The game IS glitchy, yes, including some bugs, but no gamestoppers)- like a good game soundtrack including songsThis game is NOT for people who:- are impatient- dislike scary crime scenes- expect a technical AAA title (it's clearly not)- look for family friendly atmosphere (CLEARLY not for children)On a personal note I wished for another middle chapter, the pace speeds up during chapter 3 of 4 and I would have liked just another ""filler""."
76561198054608639,Recommended,242780,26511951,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,kwalker,"This game was an awesome adventure game that has you completely hooked in the first 15 minutes! I loved the graphic novel style and the story was really interesting--lots of twists and turns. It's not often that you find a quality adventure game these days, but this one is really great! Totally recommend if you enjoy mystery or adventure games. I really hope they make a sequel!!"
,Recommended,242780,27865529,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Stellalluna,"This game has gone down as one of my favorites. It's older now, and the animation shows that, but it's still worth your time and money. If you enjoy point-and-click murder mysteries as much as I do, you won't be dissapointed. This game has an interesting plot, fun puzzles and relatable characters, all wrapped up in a supernatural comicbook style. I feel that this game does a good job balancing between holding your hand and throwing you into the deep end: it makes you think but you shouldn't have to look up a guide to complete it."
,Recommended,242780,27872365,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,IdNEgo,This game is more than a typical point-and-click adventure game. It is a rich story told in an engaging manner with a great soundtrack. It holds well even though it is more than a few years old. Definitely recommended.
76561198250046196,Recommended,242780,28109735,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tleilaxeu,"While it's interesting enough to play, it crashes EVERY THREE MINUTES...which is very frustrating."
,Recommended,242780,27910283,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mcphersn,Very enjoyable old style point and click adventure. Game doesn't get frustrating as the puzzles remain logical throughout. I prefered the police investigation mechanics of parts 1 and 2 to th estraight horror of parts 3 and 4 though
76561197972216353,Recommended,242780,28352129,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Fujitsu,"At first I was tempted to just uninstall this game and chalk this up to a bad purchase on my part.  The first episode crashed constantly and the graphical glithes were incredibly jarring making it difficult to immerse myslef in the game.  Pathing was frustrating as it seems to take forever for your character to navigate a room, it feels like she has to think where she wants to go, then debate whether it is the best path, then check her gps to make sure it's the best route, call a friend and ask if she should trust the gps, then finally move.  It's most noticable on areas that require you to move across the screen and have to give the move command multiple times.  Oddly enough, interacting with objects seems much quicker, even if the object requires the character to move as far or even further than a move command would.  The first episode is also filled with backtracking and driving all over boston which felt to me like filler rather than a necessary storytelling or game mechanic.I did not, however, uninstall the game and stuck with it.  Beyond the first episode the crashes nearly dissapeared.  The graphical glitches remained but I began to actually enjoy them.  I laughed out loud when my character's torso turned around as she walked down stairs, leaving the top half of her looking behind her as the bottom half walked forwards.  The story begins to pick up in the second episode too, the first has a somewhat disjointed feeling that doesn't get explained or expanded on till the fourth episode or so.By the third episode I was hooked and I was glad I gave this game a chance.  Sure it's filled with graphical bugs and a frustrating first episode.  But if you love a good narrative with clever story elements then I recommend gritting your teeth and working your way through the first episode as the rest of the game is worth it.Note:  I recommend saving before you leave each screen in the first episode.  Also, the continue button on the main screen will load the last room you walked in to so no need to save when you first enter.  Take lots of notes on your character's phone or irl."
,Recommended,242780,28699658,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,shannon,"I am a silent gamer and rarely comment on, nor REVIEW the games I play. However, this is probably my favorite game of all time. Not only do you get a great amount of playing time, but the story is totally immersive and the game mechanics are totally unique and refreshing. This is not your average point and click game. I like that your choices matter, and that the puzzles are really challenging. Despite the apparent bugs in the game, those can easily be forgiven for what you get out of this game. SEASON 2 PLEASEEEEEE."
76561197982874569,Recommended,242780,28821894,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ghost Rider,"I buy alot of these types of games looking for gem, and with Cognition I really found one.Fantastic story, good puzzles, why watch a thriller on tv when you can play one?Just beware it will leave you wanting more, and so far there is no season 2!!!!"
76561197970078168,Recommended,242780,34820778,Posted: 8 September,all,hermetico,"Very good point and click adventure game.Solid story. Sometimes, very tricky. Every chapter brings something new and different to the rest, which increases your interest on the game.But, we warned: this is a very bloody, sad, bitter and dark story, since the very beginning.Recommended to anyone who likes detectivesque stories and, can stand the bloodier ones."
76561198042587716,Recommended,242780,34807756,Posted: 7 September,all,E.B.E,this game was fantastic. really hooks you in.
,Recommended,242780,35376958,Posted: 1 October,all,beasticom,"I loved this game. Being a gamer brought up in the days of Sierra and Lucasarts games, this brought back memories. I enjoyed the storyline and it was quite riveting. Only complaint I have is the voice acting was a bit iffy and the graphic seemed a bit glitchy...but overall was a good game with a good story and logical puzzles."
76561198020269297,Recommended,242780,35463312,Posted: 3 October,all,Nullpunkt,"Great story with some unexpected twists and a finale that requires some suspension of disbelief, but wraps up everything nicely.The puzzles are creative and original for the most part, especially the ones using the various Cognition powers.On the technical side, the game is surprisingly hardware hungry and on the lowest settings there were some pretty wild glitches, but nothing game breaking. Even at its worst, the game is still beautiful thanks to its great art design and what I guess are handdrawn backgrounds. Definitely recommended to anyone who likes point 'n' click adventures and/or mystery crime dramas!"
