user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198027922613,Recommended,242840,15193316,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ripped Van Twinkle IV,"EDIT: It's Levioooosa, not Leviossssaaa xDNow that I've resolved some major technical problems, I am editing my original comment to include a more positive review and some warnings/solutions for future players.I recommend this game for its unique and immersive atmosphere along with fascinating lore and challenging puzzles. From the first moment of gameplay, I was pulled into this strange and mysterious world. I was so happy to finally play that I completely lost track of time.There have been some complaints about voice recognition. So far, I have had zero problems with this. The system works great and responds quickly to my voice even if I don't always say the spell 100% correctly.Here are some problems I've personally encountered:1. Does not work with a second monitor plugged in for me. In order to play this game, I was forced to completely disconect my second monitor. Otherwise, the game wasn't starting up. Inconvenient, but not a deal breaker. I can deal with it.2. After unplugging said second monitor, the game was still crashing. However, I found that once I added ""-windowed"" to the startup options, I was able to load up the game in windowed mode and fix the resolution manually from there (apparently, that was what was causing the conflict). Make sure you have a microphone plugged in.3.The game periodically loses sound for no apparent reason. The cause is yet to be determined, but the only way I can get the sound back is to restart the entire game. Annoying, but again - not hate worthy.I don't know what fixed this issue, but it's stopped happening for me.Aside from these pitfalls, I've had a blast playing the actual game and would still recommend it despite a few bugs/glitches here and there. Contacting official support was a breeze and a response came within two hours of my email."
,Recommended,242840,15268952,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tutant Meenage Neetle Teetles,"I honestly bought In Verbis Virtus entirely for the gimmicky voice-casting mechanic and I was not disappointed at all. The first time I spoke into my mic and suddenly my fist burst into a flare of holy light, I basically♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. The voice-casting never lost its novelty for me (even though the speech recognition occasionally didn't work for me and my American accent). The game itself is absolutely gorgeous. Like I actually gasped aloud a few times. Dark cramped corridors dotted with bioluminescent mushrooms, crumbling gothic architecture, glowing runes...My only gripe is that the puzzles are sometimes frustrating and not terribly intuitive.Lastly, if this game is ever expanded upon or a sequel made, I'm begging for a female PC as well!"
,Recommended,242840,18046019,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Summary:This isn't a game for everyone, as it's more of an adventure game and an exploration game more then anything else, but the unique feature that's present here with casting spells with the microphone is well, interesting to say the least. People looking for action should stay far away from this game as it's a slow methodical explorer with slight similarities to the original Myst, and you will get lost if you're not careful. It's a beatiful world to explore and take in the sights, even if you don't necessarily get lore or any idea of what truly the world has to offer. Backtracking can be a problem however, and the game does not hold your hand (similar to The Vanishing of Ethan Carter). In short, a game that's an alright experience to pick up on the cheap, if you're looking for a game that takes you through a journey of a wandering wizard.Gameplay Footage and Video Review:https://youtu.be/qNbhr_Jv9p0Player Match:Those who love to explore at a slow pace, taking in their scenery, and want to experiment with Microphone implementation in games.Lists:+:The perfect game for someone who loves exploring, and in particular, pays close attention to the details around them.The world built is intriguing, and rather beatiful in it's artwork and lighting.Voice recognition of the game is implemented wonderful, and it offers options for those who may have trouble getting the default to work.Strong immersion factor.-:There's no hand holding. You will wonder what you're missing, and will get lost at times.Significant backtracking for no good reason. Patches have helped fix this somewhat.Doesn't have an “ooo” factor in terms of gameplay or even the overall picture."
76561198002994478,Recommended,242840,16844133,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Styx,"It's good.ProsVoice control makes for a very immersive game, and it works much better than I expected. (although it will make you super self-conscious)It's pretty. Clearly had a lot of love invested in the environment design and creepy♥♥♥♥♥statues.Excellent level design. The puzzles walk a fine line between easy enough not to frustrate you but difficult enough to not be trivial.Longer than I was expecting for the price bracket. Good value for money.Cons""Voice control"" quickly becomes ""angry shout control"" when it doesn't recognise you the first time and that doesn't help it understand you the second time. It turns out that ""NO! not ♥♥♥♥ing ecto lumeh! I said ♥♥♥♥ing atul ♥♥♥♥ing agni!"" is not one of the recognised spells.Explaining to people nearby that you're casting magic spells makes you look super geeky. My wife's eye-rolling has reached dangerous levels."
,Recommended,242840,15190075,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TwistedLogic,"A real gem on the Steam Store this one.A beautiful and atmospheric game with great immersion, style and lore. Use your mic to cast spells, solve puzzles and protect yourself from the dangers of the temple with some pretty awesome spells. Having to remember as many spells as you can is a nice touch, rather than it just giving you a button to press to cast ""spell A"", for example, you have to remember the words. In a pinch, that's not always easy to do and fumbling the pronunciation can happen when you are in a rush, but the feeling of pulling these things off is fantastic. Definitely well worth the cost if you want something fresh and interesting and don't mind having to think a little. I won't go into the story as it really needs to be experienced rather than told, but this game is highly recommended since Beta for me and it has only improved from there."
,Not Recommended,242840,15841129,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Doofmaster,"Games with wasted potential like this make me angry. The graphics, controls, and atmosphere are superb. The voice recognition is great and casting spells by voice is a blast. Shame it's wasted on such a lame and incredibly obnoxious puzzler.I don't think I could design more annoying combat or puzzles if I tried. There's very little combat, and thank goodness for that because enemies are as much of a threat to your patience as to your health bar.  Either they're swarms of critters you have to either back away from awkwardly or whittle away, or they're poorly programmed humanoid enemies who spend half the time sitting there and half the time charging you, and only react to your spells half the time.As for the puzzles and exploration, there's very little thinking involved. It's 5% thought, 10% trial and error, and 85% scouring every last area for some easily missed scribbling, statue, hidden mechanic, or other piece of junk you need. The map in the start of the second level is either completely unreadable or for another area, because I spent a good 10 minutes looking at it and looking around trying to orient it and figure out where I was. There's an area where you take damage as long as you stay there for literally no reason, with no indication except for a small grunt when you enter the area.You barely even get to use your spells creatively. They may as well just be keys for various locks.If you will excuse me, I'm going to go pull out all my hair now."
,Recommended,242840,10200761,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,FreakOrama,"In Verbis Virtus is a unique game that uses your voice to do your spells which is actually ok to use and it's not gimicky, been playing for a bit but the game does have it's 'you solve the puzzle this certain way only' with only a vague hint, havent gone through the game yet, atleast haven't gotten to the combat, so i'll update the review when im fully done with what they have in the current version.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9ovmhkS9BQ&feature=youtu.beWell, the game itself is fun, high quality and everything, but they really 'really' need to add a better hint system, if they do that then we got a solid great game. aside from that the game is great for the asking price. Also, would mind like a side box or something with a reminder of the names of the spells (unless you make an animation where you pull out a book, that would be amazing)More info here:KSalue"
76561198047344140,Recommended,242840,10278832,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,leewelo,"In Verbis Virtus has eaten up a dozen hours of my time so far, and I don't regret it one bit.Amazing game and atmosphere. Attention has been payed to the details. And you as a player will have to do the same thing. (No pixel hunting however!)A well executed first person exploration and puzzle game with some well integrated action and enjoyable platforming. You will have to use your brain... and your tongue!Highly recommended.Built 0.5.757 - 2 actsStability:very goodfor an alpha. No crash to deplore. No unsolvable critical bug. Can withstand alt-tabbing and parallel applications very nicely.Video: Very good for an alpha.Audio: Very good.Voice recognition: Excellent compared to some applications. Can be approximative sometimes. But rewarding and not gimmicky. Fun. It becomes natural after a time.SFX:Very good.Voices: Good.Music: Pleasant. Not unforgettable so far.Graphics:Very good. Love the attention to details, the objects and textures, the close-up water effects & waves. Eery, beautiful, creepy...Controls: Nice and simple. Facilitates immersion.Cutscenes: Good.Save mechanics: Takes too much time to load. Limited options due to alpha state.GUI/UI: Main menu is a bit bland. UI in game is discrete.Exploration:Very good.Puzzles:Great puzzles & varied!Observation & probing required, good integration of spells. Some can be devious or a bit obtuse, but lore elements have nice hints.Spells:Very goodso far. Put to good use.Environments: Some very beautiful (or creepily well executed) rooms. Excellent use of light & (dynamic) shadows.Ennemies: Scarce and each of them a challenge so far, but in need of functional improvements.Lore:Interesting. Nicely done.Story: Too ealry to be judged.Enjoyment: 9/10Would I recommend it to a friend in its current state: Yes. Even the sometimes approximative voice recognition and occasional critical bug do not remove the fun of the current build.Selling points: main game mechanic, environments, puzzlesWhat I would like to do with it: (if I were proficient enough and had the time) make a full magic-centric action & 3D platforming rpg with it (like a remake of Ultima Underworld or Arx Fatalis)."
,Not Recommended,242840,15210843,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Aldrenean,"Note: This is a borderline game, some people will really enjoy it in spite of its flaws, but I can't recommend it for the average consumer, as you will almost certainly need to look up a guide at some point -- read on for reasons why (no spoilers).This game has a lot going for it, but as a puzzle game it's really let down by the level design. Your objectives are extremely unclear and though the levels are open, it only serves to confuse and frustrate, as you can't actually complete tasks out of order -- there is a very linear progression to each level, but you have to figure out what that is through trial and error.  That's fun when the game is asking you to figure out how to use your arsenal of spells to get through an area, but it's just annoying when you don't have the tool to solve a puzzle, and you can only find that out by banging your head against it for half an hour.  Multiple times so far I have looked up a solution for a room only to discover that I was in the wrong place and needed to go do something on the opposite side of the map. It adds nothing to the difficulty of the puzzles or the enjoyment of the game. I'm seriously questioning my resolve to finish the game at this point, since I know it will take me 2-3 times as long as it could have if levels were better designed and playtested.If you have a high tolerance for obscure puzzles and obtuse level design, the voice-activated spells are truly unique and the game is a lot of fun. If, however, you're not an early adopter of new mechanisms, I would hold off on IVV for now -- maybe the levels will be reworked to be either more linear, or the open world will be given a purpose beyond stretching the game time.  If not, someone will steal the verbal spellcasting idea and put it in a better game soon enough.5/10"
,Not Recommended,242840,16034676,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Chatoten,"Quick Review: In Verbis Virtus does two things right: the visuals (mostly) and then the speaking mechanic. Unfortunately, I think nearly every other mechanic is either annoying or just dumb. The game should have been a pure puzzle game, but it does too much and fails.Here's what works:Using your voice to pick spells. This is literally the single best mechanic in the game. It works about 85-90% of the time, which may not sound great, but if the game had been a pure puzzle game that would not be an issue. In fact, I am fairly confident it could work in a game like Skyrim, where you have a little bit of leeway between enemy encounter and needing to be completely ready.You can switch between the game's made up language and English for the spells, though the English versions are a little long.The game will say the spells out loud to you if you need it.The visuals. Not very original, and the glowy particles hurt my eyes a few times, (especiallythe save points) but otherwise the game looks good.Not having mana. All mana would do is slow you down and make puzzles unbearable, I am glad it was not included.Here's what is functional, for the most part:The atmosphere. It's dark fantasy, I guess. I wasn't actually paying too much attention, but there was magic, blood, and breasts. I can't say too much about the actual writing of the game, I skimmed through literally all of it, but the actual feel of the world is lackluster. It is very static, the only things that move are some rocks and the enemies, but most of the enemies take away from the experience so it doesn't matter.The controls, in theory. As long as you are not doing timed puzzles and there is nothing around to hurt you they work just fine.The spells. Like the visuals in that they were fancy, but not interesting. Not your average fantasy spells, but not very exciting either. I found a flashlight, a laser beam that you had to point directly at the puzzle object, a spell that was 100% contextual and just moved stuff for me, and a telekinesis spell that was dumb and clunky because it required two other phrases if you wanted to move things closer or further away.The music, probably. I didn't really listen to it, but it wasn't offensive.Here's what doesn't work:Having health. I guess the no mana guy went to lunch because I don't see any logical connection in getting rid of mana, but not health in a puzzle game. In an action game sure, but this game is supposed to be about puzzles. All losing health does is make the game arbitrarily more difficult. The enemies and puzzles are kept pretty much completely apart, it would have been best if the enemies were removed or made part of the environment instead of kept as a real barrier to progress.The controls, in practice. In order to beat the puzzles you have to be 100% on the target, and a lot of times it doesn't even make sense. Since the voice commands are only mostly accurate, having to really on quick reflexes is completely unfair because you can saying a command right but the game doesn't have to agree with you. In Verbis Virtus seems to be in on it too, spawning enemies to get rid of your health and then putting you in time trial death traps. This is infinitely compounded when you are using a controller. Sure, you can say ""Just don't use a controller."" but if the above issues were fixed it wouldn't be a problem. At best the controls in-game finicky and annoying.Story telling. It was either text dumps or cutscences, absolutely no atmospheric story telling. Okay okay, it isn't much reading, but the problem is you can ignore 95% of it with no problem until you run into a bad puzzle. This leads me into...The game is either too upfront or not helpful in the least. The story is in the first camp, but the puzzles are in the latter. One puzzle is literally this: stare at the floor, walk into a statue, and then stare at this statue without moving for like 5 seconds. That is an awful puzzle, and I only would have known if I had read the text logs, which was unnecessary until that point.Platforming. Not 100% awful, but overly difficult due to being in first person and just not necessary.The puzzles. This should have been pretty much the only element of the game, but it isn't. Had the developers spent more time on the puzzles and less time on everything else (except the speaking mechanic of course) then I this game would be such an easy sell. I am not big into puzzle games, not at all, but in my 80 minutes of playing the game (which appears to be about 1/4th of the game or less based on achievements) almost all the puzzles were either reflecting a lazer or using a spell on the contextual green spot, if they weren't simply unsolvable without googling the issue. There was one puzzle that involved using boxes to hold a door up that I liked, every other puzzle sucked.All of these negatives culminated on one puzzle and I could not go on. This puzzle required super precise controls and two second timing, where if I failed I died because my health was pretty much zero, and what was my reward? A completely new and entirely obtuse enemy murdered me. I am legitimately not sure if I could even damage this guy, but if I could it would have required super accurate aiming on my part anyways. I had no old saves to load to because making new ones required me bending over to use my keyboard, and reloading my only save left me with almost zero health and no other way to proceed but that awful timing puzzle. I had no other option but to quit.What should have been changed:The health bar should have been thrown away.The enemies needed to be fundamentally different. They could have added to the a lot to the atmosphere, made the world feel alive. If all of the enemies were like the bat enemies, where they don't directly attack, but you can interact (i.e. kill) with them things would be much better. At least let me scare off the bug swarms with the flashlight instead of having to ineffectively laser beam away individuals who are only one part of massive groups. It feels like the enemies are from Metroid: Prime and it does not work.Remove any puzzle that requires precise timing or aiming. Unfortunately, that was basically every puzzle I faced so the dev team would need to do a serious rehaul.Make changes to the graphics options apply without a restart. Also give me an option to get rid of flashing lights if there isn't already one.Make the story less ambiguous and get rid of most of the cutscenes, or add more atmospheric story telling.I think the dev team lost focus of what they wanted to make. The game should have been either about puzzles or killing monsters, probably the former to be honest, but the way they mashed those two goals together doesn't work. In Verbis Virtus really is not that far away from a pretty good game, but the designers at Indomitus Games seem to lack discipline in their work. Actually, that probably isn't fair, maybe the publisher meddled too much or maybe the team had bigger ambitions and it fell flat; but in all honesty I'd rather see the spell selection mechanic sold to a bigger developer who could handle it better. I don't think In Verbis Virtus is worth your money. Maybe if you really want to check out the voice mechanic take a look, but don't spend more than five bucks."
,Recommended,242840,13548380,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Maeron Nassor,"A dream come true.At least for me. You can cast spells by actually use sing your voice! When I bought it I was first bit sceptical if voice thingy would actually function. And even in Early-access it works really good! It recognize your voice and the words you're trying to speak very well. Of course you'll need a  microphone for this.. I have a pretty cheap one and it still works wonders.  The game so far mostly contains puzzles so far with some pretty easy enemies. I haven't gotten that far yet and the looks from trailer show me there some awesome enemies coming ahead.  Even though I haven't played it that much yet..I am having a real blast so far.  Oh but I would recommoned to use the English language for casting spells first, the other language is sometimes quite hard to pronounce probadly.  Oh did I mention that the game looks stunning? because it does.I would recommend this game for anyone who is looking for unigue game with a voice-systyem that actually works. The game makes me really feel like a wizard."
,Not Recommended,242840,30659835,Posted: 21 March,all,Jordan,"The spell casting is actually very engaging but the level design and puzzles are so abysmal I can barely even articulate the extent of it.Real example for the choosy buyer:In one instance you have to activate a panel to open a door, laser a crystal to spin a platform, then do a running jump into lava and teleport at the last minute get through the door, all on a five second timer. The jump requires so much precision it's hard to tell that you're even supposed to be doing that in the first place (and then you'll look it up and, yes, that is the solution). All of that uses multiple voice commands which actually feels pretty slick, but in practice pushes the limits in terms of the precision being demanded. Then when you miss the jump, you take damage. If you finally make the jump, you have to fight a room full of enemies with 10% of your health left (they have horrible AI, but there's like 4 of them) and your fireball spell does almost no damage. And if you die, you have to do the stupid platforming again.And that's just one example, the whole game is like this. You take an unintuitive 'puzzle' that punishes you for trying to solve it (there's a reason Portal and Talos Principle don't have fall damage), then follow it up with a combat or platforming sequence that's needlessly difficult because you have no health left. What makes this even more horrible is that there's a healing spell that is overpowered but it only works in water; so every time you'd want to use it you can't, but whenever there's water around you're literally immortal because it just channels forever keeping you at max health. This means you'll incrementally be whittled down by the aforementioned stupid hazards then one shotted by a brain dead enemy or a 10ft drop, but when the first actual boss battle happens you literally cannot die because the arena floor is water.As good as the visuals and voice recognition are, they're just wasted potential tacked onto hot garbage.Get it when it's on extreme sale (like >70% off) if you're very curious, otherwise save your money."
,Recommended,242840,13816741,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Yepsen,"I wan't sure how to review this game based on my mixed experiences but I ultimatly asked myself - Did I enjoy this game? Am I happy having payed what I did for it? Am I looking forward to more?Yes to all the above.The first part of the game frustrated me. A lot. The level design leaves something to be desired. I spent a good deal of time at puzzles wondering ""Am I not noticing something, or do I not have the proper spells to solve this problem yet?"" On one hand it certainly helps immerse you in the role and really feel like you're exploring something strange and enigmatic; however, if you are frustrated easily this may turn you away early from what is otherwise a very enjoyable experience. I would like to see just a *little* something to help players know they are on the right track or properly equiped for the current puzzle. The second part of the game is a bit less linear and makes the game for me.I wanted to hate the game so much for the frustration I experienced early on but the setting and exileration of learning new spells just kept me hooked - I couldn't hate it. I was reminded of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and there is something almost Lovecraftian about the game. The graphics are beautiful, and the setting I could go on and on about. Suffice to say visually and thematically the setting is lovingly crafted. I don't think the verbal spell casting is not at it's full potential at this point in the game. On one hand it's very immerseive having to speak another language to cast, but, on the other hand, I don't feel there's enough about it yet to make me say that this game couldn't be the same WITHOUT verbal casting. I would like to see more depth added to the mechanics - such as further contol over spells using voice commands rather than using your voice JUST to cast.If I come across as overly critical it's simply because I see a gem in In Verbis Virtus and I really want to see it polished so it can shine as much as I think it can.Bottom line: I'm very pleased with In Verbis Virtus and I eagerly await everything the devs have in store for us. I think if you have a love for dark settings and puzzles your money will be well spent here."
76561198044858929,Recommended,242840,10283400,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,SirCrezzy,Jesus christ!First off let me just say i am a whimp when i comes to horror. I simply get scared far too easily. I did not realise when i purchased this game that it would be like this. I am terrified right now. HOw can a game that looks really pretty and be about magic be so bloody creepy.Putting my fears behind let me review this game after only about 3 hours in. This game is brilliant! Saying the spells makes you feel like a total badass. Yes all i am able to do so far is light up the darkness and move some stuff but because i opted for the spells in to be in the games made up language you feel like a real wizard.If you like to try new concepts out then definatley give this a go. If you like wizardly things then give this a go. If you are easily scared like myself you may want to give this a miss.
76561198005443625,Recommended,242840,15798595,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,um | wartist,"Good game. Recommended. But i have to say it is really challenging, because objectives are not clear.  You have to find your own way. If you love modern games that whole game consists of tutorial, don't buy."
,Recommended,242840,17180656,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Steph,"This is one of those games that fall into the category of being uniquely special. The scenery is so stunningly beautiful that I've caught myself standing in one spot for minutes at a time just to watch the twinkles. The graphics can get a bit laggy in certain areas, but it goes away quickly. The sound ambiance is magical and creepy at the same time, made me feel like I was being followed or something was about to murder me.The Maha'ki language failed to be recognised for me, even after pronouncing it the same as it was spoken to me. I sadly had to swap to English (which worked instantly) when I collected my first spell or I wouldn't of been able to advance in the game. It's a shame, I would of loved to gone through the game speaking the language of the creative deities.Some of the puzzles can be really frustrating, especially when there are no tips. More then likely you will have to look up what to do, which kind of sucks for those who like to do everything without help. But when you are stuck on one puzzle for an hour I think enough is enough lol.I would love to see more games like this on Steam. I am so glad this game came across the Steam store page or I would have never found it."
,Recommended,242840,19032468,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Guardy,"Do I recommend buying In Verbis Virtus?If you like a) pretty things, b) puzzle platformers, c) very fun, innovative and actually working gameplay mechanics, and if you either aren't prone to ragequitting or don't mind doing it too much - yes, I absolutely do recommend you buy this thing.But you might want to wait until the next sale if the game is not completely up your alley, like I did - just read on to find out if it is worth the full price to you.Technical StuffsThe game runs on my Dell Inspiron 15R laptop on high settings - the thing has a Radeon 7730m graphics card - without any problems - I very rarely get some framerate drops and the laptop runs somewhat hotter than usual, but as I wasn't quite sure if I could run the game at all, I was very surprised.I had one crash to desktop, which was most likely my fault, since I forgot to close my browser and its absurd amount of tabs before starting the game.There was one bug, which others also experienced, going by the forums on here - at one point, looking down triggers something, which doesn't work reliably. Trying again seems to work, usually.VisualsOH MAN this game is absolutely visually stunning. The entire environment, every little bit of it, is hugely detailed. The lighting is also absolutely beautiful and atmospheric. Some parts almost reminded me of the chapel scene from Bioshock Infinite, except WAY more detailed.Unfortunately, it can become kind of straining to look at it for a long period of time, with the generally dark-ish surroundings and patterns and intricate details everywhere.Luckily, I usually ragequitted way before that happened, because I actually really hate puzzle games.The fact that I'm recommending it regardless probably says a lot about the quality of this game.GameplaySo, as you might know by now, the Gimmicky Gameplay Feature is casting your spells by saying them out loud and hoping that nobody entered your room without you noticing, lest you'd feel a bit silly.The voice recognition works surprisingly well - it's not 100% perfect, but you don't have to pronounce everything super precisely either.In fact, I happen to be German, but I always play my video games in English - this one's no different.That means I have to speak a Latin-esque conlang with a badly-faked american accent (in an originally Italian game, no less), which the game handles superbly well, too.The voice casting doesn't just work very well, it becomes natural after a while. This should absolutely be a thing in most magic-using video games - it's actually easier than having to switch spells via hotkeys or a menu.One big problem is having to remember the names of the spells (there's an option to switch from using the in-game language to normal English, which would probably be easier to remember, but where's the fun in that), which can be pretty difficult, especially in dangerous situations. You can easily look them up with one key press, but that's not a perfect solution either. I recomment sticky notes, to be honest. Or, you know, a reasonably good memory for vocabs. Otherwise you'll probably end up with a very impressive f-word-to-spells-ratio. I know I did.On a slightly less positive note, the normal WASD-controls seem somewhat sluggish and imprecise - I normally wouldn't mind, but the game definitely has too many bottomless pits for that kind of thing.My biggest problem, however, were the puzzles.Now, I absolutely suck at puzzle games, I readily admit that. If I had to beat a puzzle platformer to save my life, I'd probably start saving up for a tombstone.I didn't get the feeling that the puzzles were all that evil - challenging, yes, but I probably, maybe, might have been able to figure them out on my own eventually.If not for the fact that you constantly have to use random items to solve the puzzles, which are usually hidden in some way, or just really hard to notice.Did I mention the super-intricate graphics? Yes? Now imagine finding one specific piece of clutter in that, especially if you're not even sure what you're looking for.I don't know if this is a general problem or if I'm just bad at this game, but to me it was hugely frustrating either way.Another odd gameplay element is health regen.You have a health bar. If it's empty, you're dead. You know the deal. That's a bit odd for a puzzle game, but since there are combat elements... sure, why not.Except that there's no auto regen, and there's usually a pretty big distance between savepoints (yes, there's savepoints /sigh).You mileage may vary on that one, but I hate the lack of auto regen and I really hate savepoints.ConclusionI like it, it's a very well-made game - definitely one of the better indie games on Steam and, as far as 3D games go, most likely one of the best.I don't always agree with the devs' design choices, but it's still very enjoyable. Not a game I play regularly or for long periods of time, but I keep coming back to it, and I never regret doing so, despite my dislike for the genre as such.I can't really tell you whether you are going to like the game or not, but I'd honestly recommend picking it up if you can afford it. If nothing else, the visuals are certainly worth it.I'd also recommend you take the time to enjoy your journey - read all the journal entries, enjoy the scenery and don't rush it."
76561197982389460,Recommended,242840,16109685,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Xygon,"TL:DR: Buy this game. Beautiful level design, tough puzzles, fun spells, and fascinating world.Felt a little odd at first, wasn't sure if it was just going to be a novelty thing or actually a cool game mechanic. Then I started to realize that I was having a load of fun and pushing myself to remember each spell so that I could recall it automatically should the need arise, and it definitely does.The combat is a little different, but I think they did a good job given the way you have to fight. It can be tough to keep yourself from speaking too fast for the spell to activate when you are being threatened. I feel it was fairly forgiving because sometimes I'd be running away from something trying to rip my face off and say ""Nomet Abul"" or some variation instead of the Namet Atul teleport and it would still give it to me.Only one that I consistently had trouble with was the fire spell Atul Aghni. But then again I played through the whole game without ever knowing that I could have made a voice profile that would have captured by pronunciation better than the default.Some people might think this is a gimmick game, but I think it is actually a step in the right direction for an adventure/puzzle game. Lots of potential for more spells, puzzles, combat scenarios, level design, you name it. The only negative thing I could say about this game was that I felt it was too short, as it left me wanting more. But that is just a byproduct of a good game."
,Recommended,242840,15394751,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Arcos Of Blackheart,"Welcome to your first Wizard Simulator!In Verbis Virtus, an amazing game, where with the aid of a microphone, you cast spells with your voice! Using the spells to solve puzzles, explore, and survive the perils of the temple. The game has amazing design, every detail of every room and puzzle looks abolutely beautiful!Casting spells with your voice works near flawlessly most of the time. I say most of the time, because depending on the quality of your microphone, you may run into some issues getting the desired results. I have a rather decent Turtle Beach Gaming headset, and some spells still give me trouble.The lore of the game, is scattered about the temple, finding tablets will give you some interesting stories.You have the option of speaking your spells in ""Maha'ki"" the language of the gods, or in English, the language of normal people.As this is more of a puzzle game, don't expect to use spells for combat too often. You will occaisonally be given a monster to dispatch with your spells, but most of the time, it's just puzzle solving, and for good reason.There ARE boss fights,3, to major bosses, and 1 mini-boss, but since most of your spells aren't meant for combat, it becomes increasingly hard to defeat the more deadly foes. Simply put, combat isn't the focus of the game, so it's not a strong point. It took me so long to defeat the first boss, and now that I have, I dread fighting the others, and it's for that very reason.The music is great, and epic, and personally, i think it really fits the atmosphere.And lastly, I mentioned puzzles, Well, the puzzles are great! They're so simple, yet still require some effort and thinking in order to solve them.Most of the puzzles involve directing a beam of light through a colored gem to activate a mechanism, but this puzzle type gets more creative with each new spell.There's a few unique puzzels, such as one where you need to distrubute water flow in a certain way.There's even a monster that you fight that could be considered a puzzle, as you need to listen to it's voice, and cast the right spells to counter his own.So, now it's time to list plainly, the pros and consPros-Voice recognition works pretty well-It looks beautiful, in both design and graphics-Puzzles are simple, but still challenging-10 spells, each with their own unique usesCons-Combat is not a strong point, so it might become frustrating when forced to fight-If your mic isn't amazing, you will encounter some problems casting spells.-It's short, with only 3 chapters.-I don't see much replayability after the first playthroughAll in all, I think the devs did a wonderful job with this idea, and, despite its flaws, I actually do think it was executed quite well.If you're looking for an interesting new game, with gameplay, and a unique concept, I can fully reccomend this to you, with a solid 9/10.Just be sure you invest in a microphone, or else you can not play it.Hope you enjoy the review, and I hope it helps you make your decision"
76561198041684871,Recommended,242840,20105818,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Great Wyrm,"This Game can be frustraiting at times but it is fun.I will start off with the cons just to get them out of the way:the voice commands don't always register if you speak them too quickly.some of the puzzles are frustraiting to solve and with some will take a couple of reloads to do.now to the pros:it will always tell you how to pronounce the spells.it is filled with lore (if you like to find it).you can switch the spells to english.you play by speaking the spells aloud!I will end with a snipet of my experience:I was having trouble remembering some of the spells in the heat of the moment so I switched the spells to english and it was working fine, then I saw an enemy. thinking quickly I flung fire runes at him in quick sucsession, and then proceded to back away as he noticed me, he got closer and closer, so I stoped pilling on the fire runes and said the spell to ignite them: UNLEASH THE FLAMES, nothing happened, UNLEASH THE FLAMES, still nothing happened I started panicking as he got too close and swiped at me, UNLEASH THE FLAMES, UNLEASH THE FLAMES, UNLEASH THE FLAMES, still the runes did not ignite, so out of desperation after my health got to almost 0 I yelled into the mike: UNLEASH THE ♥♥♥♥ING FLAMES, and it finally worked. so the lesson is swear in frustration earlier, it might save your life."
76561198044609038,Not Recommended,242840,24168055,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,artai.werewolf,"Terrible voice recognition for womenBeautiful game, splendid idea, great imaginative spells. If you are a man go for it! But if you are a woman stay away. It's driving me crazy with it's voice recognition that can't pick up my voice. When I gave my headset to male friend sitting next to me everything went well for him. But for me? Nope. Even the so called personal voice pick up didn't work. I can say the same spell 15 times and it picks it up maybe 2 times and one time does some other spell.Imagine facing an opponent and trying to cast a spell....Nerve wrecking if it does not pick up your voice well."
,Recommended,242840,15257754,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Valthroc,"Its a puzzle game, but the whole, voice thing, its an amazing idea, and works way way better than I actually expected! I never do reviews, but, for this game? It's definitly worth the buy, just for a different flavor of the month! ^_^"
,Recommended,242840,15251662,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,MITOLL,"Played the very first alpha and was amased even back then. Didn't want to play the latter versions to keep all the fun unspoiled for the final release. I was really afraid that devs will mess it up like the most of other Early Access developers do, but now I'm kinda ashamed of myself for that. The game became only better: the lore is amazing, the graphics are astonishing, the idea of having a fictional language for casting spells is great (since it was a bit awkward to cast with English phrases). Overall, I'm extremely pleased with what this game turned out to be. Keep up the good work, Indomitus."
,Recommended,242840,15254361,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Skye Thrynn,"First off, the voice recognition is amazing. However this is purely the opinion of a Dutch guy, so I don't know how well it works with other accents.Secondly, if you were hoping for a puzzler that'll take you by your hand you're out of luck. This game will give you tools and a problem, it's up to you to find out how to solve it through trial and error. Some may find this frustrating, I loved it. It's been too long since we've had a tough puzzler. Buy it, now. Good luck pilgrim."
,Recommended,242840,12928965,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Rhael,"It's still a work in progress and I'm already in love with it.The voice recognition is great, but it can take a little time for you to learn the correct pronunciation. It's like learning to talk all over again, but this time to talk in the language of the Gods.The graphics are awesome, very vibrant, and the game runs smoothly. I had no problem running around and didn't encounter any glitches so far, though there are problems with the colision in some plataforms.It has the problems all early access games have. It once gave me a BSOD; that or maybe me trying too hard to cast a light spell ended up casting Crash to Desktop instead..."
76561198029149731,Recommended,242840,31963452,Posted: 25 May,all,Ansixilus,"TL,DR:If you don't like the voice casting you won't like it. Atmosphere is beautiful, surreal, sometimes creepy. This is a puzzle-exploration game, not combat-focused; even combat is best handled like a puzzle. The puzzles are not obvious and the game doesn't hold your hand about solving them. There is no map function, and the in-game maps aren't especially helpful.Summary:Half the point of the game is its voice-cast mechanic, and the other half is to tell its story, which is dark, kinda sad, and takes place in a pretty, creepy, pretty creepy world. The primary two complaints about it are ""microphone doesn't work"" (I have no firsthand experience with that) and ""puzzles are not intuitive"" (which for some people they aren't, but for some people having to think outside the box is part of the appeal).Pros:+ The game is pretty. Really pretty. The first chapter has a mushroom-crystal-caves-and-gothic-architecture aesthetic, chapter two takes the gothic architecture and adds a dash of fever dream, doll-head-masks, and even a touch of chinese imperial. Chapter three goes into angelic astronaut energy engineer territory. Very unique.+++ Provided it works for you, the voice-casting practically guarantees a nerd-gasm the first few times you cast a spell. I'd recommend you use the game's language rather than english, so you can copy their pronunciation (open the journal and click the phrase to hear her say it) without fear of your accent causing trouble. Plus, speaking Maha'Ki helps put you in the game.++ The story is actually pretty good. The bits of lore you can find give tantalizing glimpses into a dark world, and the character's goal and motivation will tug your heartstrings. Though, the good ending managed to wreck me enough that even now (months later) I still haven't scrapped up enough heart to go back and play again to see the bad ending.I mean, I had to actually SAY the spells to... yeah...+ The controls are reliable. The physics are pretty good, but the fall damage is a bit punishing. Tip: teleporting out of a fall doesnotcancel fall damage.+ Youcanactually find the information you need to proceed, defeat your foes, and solve certain puzzles, in the world. Just check every nook and cranny.Including the backs of the spell tabletsCons:- It's not terribly well optimized. I have a mid-powered rig, and have to run the game on suboptimal settings.- The puzzles really are a little surreal, which can make them tricky to solve. You can use environment queues to help (Water? Heal up. Ice? Melt it. Fire symbol? Blow it up. It moves fast? Freeze it.) but there are a few things that require an intuitive leap.-- Combat is clunky. Vermin can be killed with the light beam, but everything stronger needs the firebomb, which is... well, clunky. That and getting tongue-tied can literally kill you, particularly when you're fightinga Shar-Sethbecause even if you've found the note that explains its spells, its voice (sorta like blood sloshing through gravel) makes understanding it, and therefore knowing what spell to cast yourself, difficult.- You cannot cast ""Tial Udah"" while telekinetically holding something. Why not? Because the thing is in your reticle.Conclusion:If you're impatient, if you don't like weird, or if you have any problem with the thought of the voice casting, don't bother.If you are patient, if you're fond of hard puzzles (or linguistics), if you like strange, dark, or morbid stories, or if you like novel mechanics like the voice cast, try it."
76561198137634641,Recommended,242840,10240416,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,RogueTrainer,"Overall the game is very fun and quite challenging if you like to challange yourself. It is still in it's Beta stage so bugs are an inevitable. if this happens you might need to make a new game but you already know what to do. But the game it self is amazing. The controls frun smoothly, The voice incantations work great when not bugged, rich and detailed graphics.I recommend this game and wish for the full release very soon."
,Recommended,242840,33016951,Posted: 29 June,all,LoveSick,"""Cast spells with your voice""Quite cool to say something and feel like a mage.The voice recognition works well.The is some beautiful scenarios and a interesting story to read on journal.However the puzzles are bad and it makes me so sad, this game has so much potential to be an amazing game.I would love to see an In Verbis Virtus 2 with more battles and destructive spells."
76561198023049455,Recommended,242840,15227609,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Yusufu,"This game brings you a unique experience with gorgeous graphics.I'm a guy who likes to try new stuff so I jumped into this game when I found it's using mic to cast spells. I loved the Harry Potter series so I wanted to experience this for myself and guess what; It actually works!When I say ""Echto Lume"" I shoot a beam of light from my hand and when I say ""Obee Kenu"" I stun my enemy and throw him away from me. Its great that everything works so good. I have rare occasions when I wanted to cast a spell and another spell gets cast instead, mostly it's my fault not spelling it right. Consider this a challenge that you should learn the correct way of pronouncing your spells. This is how it should be so don't complain about it not picking up your accent.The puzzles in this game are challenging. I don't know if I like it or not but I have to say this. I hate it when the game puts me in a puzzle that I'm not yet capable of solving because I lack a certain spell.This game has so many flaws in how it guids you through the map but I'll excuse it because they've done a great job in everything else especially the gorgeous graphics and the level design Kudos to the developers for making such a beautiful game. I would love to see more  games like this.Edited: for spelling."
76561198041951606,Not Recommended,242840,28820084,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,schwank,"I desperately want to like this game. I was completely unsure about it until I spoke the first spell and it worked flawlessly. Instant smile and I fell in love. I'm a huge RPG fan and the spoken spells fits into my likes like a puzzle piece. Then I discovered that so far this game is nothing but a jumping puzzle. And  an extremely un-intuitive one at that, and now I'm scared to put in more than 2 hours trying to figure out where to jump so I can still return it if it turns out that the beginning sucks. The whole part where you lose 15% of your health on every checkpoint reload is a total gut-punch for a filthy casual like me. I don't want to get super crazy good at perfectly timing my jumps just so I can have a chance at the game, I just want to play.I am really torn because I want more games like this one, but I don't really want this game."
,Not Recommended,242840,32820198,Posted: 26 June,all,hitt.william,"5/10I may catch some flak for this review, as ""Puzzle"" is right there in the user-defined tags for this game. However, I had hoped that the atmosphere and voice-controlled spells might temper my usual aversion to this type of gameplay.The game is very pretty, and the signature mechanic works exactly as advertised. You indeed cast spells verbally through your microphone, and this works pretty reliably. However, I could not get excited about the remainder of the experience.My first hiccup (and likely that of many players) was immediately before gaining the third ""spell,"" in which players are expected to ""show deference"" to an eye shrine. I only learned of this solution by consulting a walkthrough, and feel pretty confident that it would never have revealed itself to me, as it's quite obtuse. Shortly thereafter, I walked into a room with stones floating in a gap I needed to cross. I scoured the room as best I could for around 10 minutes, and could see no clear way forward. Then, upon consulting the walkthrough again, learned of a small symbol over an arch that I was expected to notice and activate.Around this time, I decided that this one wasn't for me. Again, perhaps this review will not be a useful one. However, suffice it to say that if you don't typically like puzzle games, the inclusion of voice commands will likely not change your mind."
,Recommended,242840,10212004,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Salt,"Using spell by shouting it out is cool, but the map is so annoying, you have to go somewhere and then come back to where you were again. And you have to go through the cliff very carefully everytime. Hope it can be better in the formal version."
76561198010748161,Recommended,242840,29550837,Posted: 28 January,all,Vinny Vally,"What a damn wonderful game this is! Sadly, my microphone just broke (waiting on a new one).I can highly recommend this game, despite perhaps a few flaws. The language is not easy, but that's part of the challenge personally.. For those truelly struggling, or for those with difficulty of learning new languages in general, the spells can be cast in English instead.Additionally, I see a lot of people complaining about the puzzles being too complicated, and the game not showing you the path... I think the majority of players seem to have forgotten the definition of PUZZLE!! Yes, this game requires some thought at time, but you wouldn't be a magician if you weren't able to see past the most basic principles now, would you?... Try thinking laterally from time to time, this will truelly help you in this game!And, should you just get 'bored' or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off' with a puzzle, try using google.. I don't like to cheat, but, if you enjoy the gameplay but not the puzzles so much, then there's always a way ;)The gameplay itself, casting the spells, personally is empowering! There are a few games I've played were I actually feel mighty using the power I can posses in game, and this is definitely one of them!! Essentially acting as the character in reality makes for one truelly connecting gameplay.Also for those rare wizarding LARPers out there, this game can actually help prepare you for any LARP magic duels you might do. I don't do this, but my friend does and actually said this game helped her a lot! Completely random benefit of the game, but there you have it ^.^There appear to be a few random bugs here and there, but personally they're rare and seldom affect gameplay. I think the gameplay itself in general surpasses the bugs and so playing the game well makes up for any crashes you may get (I have never had a crash myself, just little 'wall' glitches and such.Definitely recommended from myself, 8/10! If you''re wanting a pure puzzle based game that will test your will as a human, then go play Antichamber - Also highly recommended."
,Recommended,242840,16432817,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Marlfox,"7/10New concept, pretty fun to play-- using your voice. However as stated by others the game is very disorganized which makes puzzles that the game is full of...even more confusing. If you're willing to deal with some lack of direction and think the game looks cool then buy it."
,Recommended,242840,10807782,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,yell magic words at your monitor like you're watching harry potter but instead of being a gifted wizard he keeps messing up his casting and you are desperately trying to correct his pronunciation through the screen
,Recommended,242840,22117140,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Aidan,"""Hm. In this game, you can cast spells with your voice. Sounds pretty cool, I'm a sucker for puzzle games, I'll buy.""""To cast light, say 'Lumeh Tial!'""""Yeah sure. I bet it'll take a million times for the game to get it right, smh.""""Lumeh Tial!""*Light bursts out of my hand*""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥I LOVE THIS GAME I CAN CAST SPELLS WITH MY VOICE THIS IS SO COOL HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥DUDE LIKE DUUUUUDE"""
,Recommended,242840,22902985,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Bænlynn,"If a game gets the important things right then I can forgive alot in terms of design and execution, and In Verbis Virtus leaves me overflowing with magnanimity toward it in spite of its obvious (and not so obvious) flaws. The atmosphere and tone of the game had me forgetting that I was wandering through an--at times--poorly designed maze because the sights that maze had to show me expertly sold the premise of the game: that this was a place where pilgrims underwent a rite of passage. Confusion, disorientation, exhaustion. . . these things are par for the course when it comes to religious experiences, and I can accept that as justification for all the backtracking I've done thus far. The resemblance of the temple's facade to the famous treasury building of the city of Petra was another wonderful touch, and the piecemeal revealing of our not-so-silent protagonist's backstory had me willing to suspend my disbelief from quite a height, even though I ocassionally had to check the internet for hints.If you're thinking about buying this game for its unique selling point I can only say that if In Verbis Virtus has managed to pique your interest you will find your curiosity aptly satisfied time and again. Being able to directly communicate with the game world adds a unique layer of immersion to the story, and one which is not only easy to get to grips with, but well paced and thought out. Sure, being able to call down fire on your enemies is one thing, but being able to *literally* do it is another thing entirely. Yes it's a gimmick, but as a gimmick it is well executed and it showcases what more games can, should, and will be making use of in the future. One thing I would recommend is taking the time to generate a voice profile before you start playing. I haven't had an issue being understood, but I didn't bother with the defaults either.All in all: In Verbis Virtus is one of those games that I can see myself playing over and over again simply because it really puts me right in the middle of the action. It is not perfect by any means, but what it doesn't do perfectly it still manages competently, and what it does differently it does exceptionally well."
,Recommended,242840,27015011,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mario90900,"This has to be one of the most unique games I have played in a very long time. Not only are the different areas that you go to interesting and wonderous, the puzzles are well done, and the voice-controlled spells are very well executed. The fact that the spells are all cast by speaking them yourself has the potential for disaster, but the dev team behind this game really made the detection for the spoken words quite professionally, and as long as you speak clearly, it never has trouble determining what you are saying. On a huge plus side for me, the fact that I was actually speaking the spells made it that much more immersive to play, and it also makes you feel like a real wizard - That is, if you panic and fail to speak clearly as a result, or blank on a word or pronouciation, you have real concequences.All in all, it was a very intense and amazingly crafted game, it is certainly worth looking into if any of this appeals to you. I had a damn blast playing this, as well as goofing off at times and figuring out what other silly words I could shout to have a reaction ingame."
,Recommended,242840,17042413,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Linkowiezi,"TL;DR:This game has great atmosphere with an immersive spellcasting system and nonlinear level design that also at times has really clever and hard to figure out puzzles!Pros:Fun and a really Great way of doing spellcasting that makes the game so much immersive!Also if for some reason you're having trouble casing some of the spells, make your own voice recognition model (it's a feature implemented in the game, just go into the options menu).This actually, for me at least, nullifies the 'con' I'd otherwise have since I found it a bit tricky to cast the 'mark of fire' spell.Artwork, effects and overall leveldesign and graphics are not only great but Truly Awesome!Music is also great, although for my taste, a little loud at first. But luckily, there's a bar in the options to tone it down a bit so you can hear the other sounds better.Puzzles are quite hard to figure out sometimes. You really have to make use of the tiny grey cells you have up there.It aint that clear what you have to do or where to go and you can sertainly miss important things if you just try to force your way trough!Even the clues to what you're supposed to do are easy to miss sometimes ;)This might be a good game if you want to level up on your personal map making skills ( although not required since there are a few maps spread out, but it is encuraged ).Neat Credits! They were actually the first thing I watched, and I was impressed!Acievements are verry acievable. Most come naturally as you progress but there are a few you really have to work for.Like the 'Tomb Raider'...damn if I hadn't missed that obvious 'Call from Chaos' document at the entrance of the fiery room on chapter two...Cons:Some spells can be tricky to cast...Oh, you could make your own voice recognition model... that fixes things!Combat. Well, let's just start off by saying: I kinda like it, but it has it's flaws...Even though it's not a huge part of the game, but this is actually also the only real downside I can actually find with this game.The AI ain't all that bright. It's quite all right, it doesn't have to be much smarter than it is, but on some occations it feels as it could improve just a bit.I didn't enjoy all the 'safe spots' where monsters can't follow you for no apparent reason. They jus stand there at an invisible wall untill you pass trough it again... or till you safely pick them off one by one.Multiple 'Mark of Fire' should really be able to charge up to full potitential at the same time.So This is not that big of a deal, but I found that lightsources may seem like they're pointing in the wrong direction (at least the first one when you enter the temple), but only when: You stand in a patch where light shines and look at the source from where it's coming from. It sems like it's shining in another direction and you wonder what might be over there... you start walking towards it but when you get out of the lightpatch you were standing in, it dissapears and only shines at the patch you just were standing in....also a few shadows in some tight spots might seem a little out of place or twitchy when using 'Lume Tial'.Also not a real biggie, but I wish it had VR support... That would have been AWESOME!Connclusion:Would I reccomend this game:Yes!...At full price?...then the answer would still definatley be; Yes!Ok, it has some downsides...Well, the only real one I found was actually the combat.So what about it?Sure combat ain't such a big part of the game... and sure it's fun to 'Athul Aghni' a whole bunch of Saevars, wait till the runes reaches full potential and then say the magic words and watch as they perish in a beautiful display of fireworks!...but that can be a real pain to pull of...On the other hand, even though it can be rather fun laughihg situation every time you find yourself shouting the wrong spell at stressfull times (not just in combat) and also feel really rewardning when you make it work.So... even though the combat is it's only real downside. I still kinda like it, but it feels it could use a bit fine-tuning.But all in all I think I'd probably sumarice it something like this:This game has great atmosphere with an immersive spellcasting system and nonlinear level design that also at times has really clever and hard to figure out puzzles!"
76561198043708369,Recommended,242840,10527687,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,darkkeeper,Very cool idea for a game. I love the language that has been created for this game. Using your voice to control the game adds a layer of depth to the game that can't be achieved otherwise. It will suck you in.
,Recommended,242840,15233738,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TheGoliath,"It has everything you need for becoming a wizard!You learn spells and how to say them, you get better the more you use them, you have puzzles and a stunning environment as well.Funny when you are first learning the spells and keep making a small mis-pronunciation of some sort and it won't work at times. I recomment this game to anyone interested in magic and fantasy, those who love a challenge, those who love puzzles and the atmosphere in a game and anyone who likes the look of it!10/10 Wizard of the year."
,Recommended,242840,21570930,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Ziuwaz,"I'm a bit torn apart...First off I'll go with what i DIDN'T like. I saw the trailers and thought; DAMN, old crypt in the desert, cast spells with your voice... awesome! While it definitly is awesome to do so and the spell casting via microphone works extremely well I feel a bit misleaded...There are almost NO fights at all. And if there are fights they're more or less the same enemies or won by doing the same procederes. WHY? I ask? WHY??? Fighting using my voice was SO FUN!!! It really pushes you to remember the spells while trying to dodge, the fights felt so good... However 95% of the game were puzzles... It might be me but I just don't like videogame puzzles... I like board games, small mobile puzzle games but in a 3d game playing a mighty sorcerer in a super atmospheric underground temple? connecting hundreds of light rays via crystals? It might be so that I found them too hard. Some puzzles almost made me angry with their difficulty... Also in my area if you google ""in verbis virtus ..."" what follows is ""walkthrough"".Whatsoever I'll recommend the game, because I imagine if you like the concept AND you like videogame puzzles you'd buy it. If you were looking for an immersive story with twists, difficult fights etc... look elsewhere."
76561197971703354,Recommended,242840,17617905,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Cluny,I've played a lot worse. The ancient temple ruins you explore are colourful and pleasingly ornate - the puzzles are mostly not complex - the voice-command spell gimmick works about 85% of the time and there's a lady who introduces herself by showing you her breasts.
,Recommended,242840,15238813,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,sHaKeNbAkE,"Okay I have to admit what drew me first into this game was the in game feature where you could use your mic to activate spells/actions.   Thought it would be great for my YT channel especially as I like to hear myself talk.  I thought this would be a quick one video having phone with the voice activation then moving on....boy was I wrong!While the voice activation is a very fun feature of this game (especially when you can't remember a spell and are yelling out funny sounds) as you venture further other features will get you hooked.   I'll give you a quick rundown-Graphics-  These guys have truly mastered the Unreal Engine as the lighting, textures, etc. are just stunning.Environment-  As you get farther into the game you really start to enter environments/areas that are truly amazing.  I was so impressed by some of the areas I just stood there for a couple of minutes and took in all the detail..while looking over my shoulder of course!  The areas are not your usual blood and gore they are done in a very artistic yet creepy way that seems to even get better the longer you play.   Again using some original design coupled with the lighting, textures, etc. this games environments are truly amazing (even if they are not outside).Sound-  Sounds are really good and there is a good balance between the music and ambient sounds.  I think the sounds could even be improved upon by adding a little more ambient sounds to add to the tension as you explore.  But a great start!Game mechanics-  No issues here movement is solid and the voice activation is spot on.I have some videos on my YouTube channel if you want to see the game maxed out and in 1080-https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtEMFPsqo5Fq9X_CD1JKI1ALatest video showing some of the amazing areas-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Q_XMkBFyLE&feature=youtu.be"
76561197999470590,Not Recommended,242840,23007272,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Rolepole,"The voice system works beautifully and almost justifies a recommendation. Unfortunately the rest of the game is limp. It has platform, puzzle and adventure elements but none of them amounts to much. The graphics are ok but not as atmospheric as state of the art.The story didn't grip me.  It feels like they called up a student of creative writing and said, ""spin us some bulls*** about an ET world with spells"".The biggest disappointment is the spells. The way you use them isn't very interesting. I think the idea would have worked much better in an RPG game.  Sorry, overall I can't recommend it."
76561198042145047,Recommended,242840,16447988,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Phillybear,"Great concept and a beautiful game. Actually having to say your spells instead of just pressing hotkeys X and Y is a really fun way of playing a mage. The biggest downside seems to be that the voice recognition gets wonky on a few occasions (not too many to be bothersome though): casting a beam of light when you actually said the telekinesis spell is not exactly what I expected.Also, my girlfriend now thinks I've gone completely crazy."
,Recommended,242840,26140347,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Sir_Bertran,"That game is entirely new, unique experience that you must try out. Main idea, that you're casting spells by your own voice. We have never met such a challenge!It's especially amazing in a difficult situations, with little amount of time available.Recommended."
,Recommended,242840,31225479,Posted: 18 April,all,ツ me2tal ツ,"The concept of speech recognition is a very nice thingEven better it worksThe scenery is really nice to look atBut then again I did enjoy ""Dear Esther""I whole heartedly recommend this"
,Recommended,242840,19043720,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Artorias,"A pretty amazing game!Cast a spell with your voice is very accurate and is very enjoyable.If you are tired of shooting and exploding everything, you should try this game =D"
76561198048096911,Recommended,242840,32995389,Posted: 29 June,all,Miami,"If all you want to do is cast fireballs at orcs.... this isn't your game.The puzzle are challenging, but not nearly as hard as many of these reviewers make them out to be.It's a slow paced, beautiful game.The effects, the lights, everything is so peaceful and chill.I have about 20hrs on my other steam account on this game, and decided to put it here since this is my ""main"", and it was so cheap during the Summer Sale.It's such a relaxing game. And to play, all you need to do is look around to success (Lumeth Tial is your friend!).I highly recommend the game to everyone who's looking for something different."
76561198075380427,Not Recommended,242840,23876521,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MechaJen,"Love the unique concept, unfortunately the game failed to recognize my voice most of the time. The platforming felt out of place and imprecise. I found that the ""combat"" was extremely frustrating because it relies on quick use of your spells, and yet the game doesn't feel responsive enough."
,Recommended,242840,15245277,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Blistering Wounds,I Finally have the chance to become a wizard.TO HOGWARTS!
76561198045619312,Recommended,242840,10204350,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Darkwire,"Love the game I think its great so far, except I am unable to absorb/activate the rune on the ground to get the command will spell.  Other then that LOVE the concept, the idea and the implementation! Once the bugs are worked out it will be imo setting a new standard! :D"
,Recommended,242840,10250812,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,CrayonFrog,"Fabulous game!  Even with bugs (and that's why it is called alpha version), I gained  an amazing experience playing this game.  It will be a better game with bugs fixed!"
76561198045966388,Recommended,242840,10973113,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Acherrum,"I'm very ambivalent about this game.On one hand I love the idea, and it's been worked out really well, to cast spells by actually saying their power words (Verbis Virtus).The puzzle solving isn't too complicated, but this is where my amvilance comes in. The puzzles aren't too complicated, but to solve them, the developers have you run through a maze a couple dozen times to collect all the pieces. 1 piece will be over here, the 2nd piece over there, the third piece there, and carrying 1 at a time, they all need to go to location number 4, and in a certain order as well.Since it's early access, there's little story and therefore only few hints, of what you're supposed to do. This only adds to the confusion.Now, I'm still recommending this game, because it's awesome and even though it's Early Access, it has a lot going for it already. The graphics are good, the ambience is great and the casting of your spells is brilliant.Ever wanted to feel like a wizard? Well, here's your chance!"
,Not Recommended,242840,29474175,Posted: 24 January,all,Gustavo,"Wow, such a disappointment. The speaking spell system works fine, I even imagine why other games don't use it more often, but, wow...The story  is bad, or at least the little story that it was presented for me. I finished the game without knowing clearly what my main objective was. I don't know who my character was, and I understood too little of the background story of the scenario because it was really not interesting.At the end,I killed the same goddess that helped me throughout the jorney and I DON'T KNOW WHY.  (?!?) I read that they got corrupted over time and stuff but... Urrrgg...And not counting the fact that after defeating the goddess I got stuck in the game because I turned the fire on before activating the light, and I had to reload the game and kill the damn thing again... =\And the scenario? Wow... Everything is overwhelmingly lavish since the very beginning of your quest for no good reason.Sometime you think you are in a Temple and then you are in a H.R. Giger art galery. Thinks just don't fit...And the puzzles were super frustrating and not intuitive at all. And sometimes the game doesn't even give me a proper checkpoint when I finish one, and if by any chance I end up dying, I need to do the same thing one more time.Such a beautiful possibility, such a poor implementation."
,Recommended,242840,10220295,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,H3YF6,"I love the first battle! I haven't learnt any spell that can attack the monster, only can freeze it some seconds with the 'Mind over matter' spell, and when it rushed to me and showed its scary mouth I was frightened to forget how to cast the spell! It's the first time that I have the feeling 'I'm a wizard', and the first time I feel frustrated from failing to cast a spell...After this battle I don't dream to became a wizard in some fantasy world any more.  Or maybe I should find a warrior as friend?lol."
,Recommended,242840,15269324,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Mitchem,"Yelled incoherent string of words, still casts the spell I wanted. 10/10In all seriousness, game works great. There's bugs, but a whole lot less bugs than you'd typically see in a release. Definitely worth the $15 I paid for it."
,Recommended,242840,10229464,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,8=====D,"Firstly, thanks a lot for giving birth to such an amazing game!I've tried both its demo and official version, which are so exciting and fantastic :)However, the engine optimization (I'm not sure whether this is the correct word) of this official version is frustrating.It is extremely fluently when I play the demo version with both qualities are HIGH, while in the official version even all LOW can drive my ultrabook go burning.Although the type of my pc is not for large independent game, I hope you consider of most players. You know we cannot all process something like a sophisticated intellegent computer.I believe that MANY PLAYERS WILL BE PLEASED IF YOU IMPROVE THIS PART.Anyway, In Verbis Virtus is a great game! And I understand this is just a beginning, which means IVV is going to be better after time. It worths a try and support.Again, thank youIndomitus."
,Recommended,242840,18091165,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,sapphic vibes,"Let me start off by saying that this game is beautiful, the premise is amazing, and from what I was able to play the who thing actually pulled together very well. The mechanic of physically speaking out loud and having your virtual hand alight with magic? It's stunning. It's wonderful. I would have loved to explore more of it.All the problems that I had with this game were technical. The lag in this game was /terrible./ My system is well above the recommended requirements and it was still so choppy as to be virtually unplayable. I tried turning the resolution and graphic settings down (the game also has an impressive number of adjustable settings), I tried running it in windowed mode, and in ""safe mode,"" but none of that had any effect on the terrible frame rate. Also, the very first time I booted it up it crashed immediately after the opening cut scene.I would love to play and recommend this game because it seems like it would be so much fun. Maybe if the frame rate issue could be resolved I would give it another chance. If you have the technical know-how or feel like it's something you're willing to put up with for the chance of setting a fire with the power of your voice, go for it. But for me it's just a shame."
76561197976507812,Recommended,242840,17658289,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,GreyGhost,"This Game is AWESOMELY FUN. It's really different to normal games. It's mostly puzzles, and the combat is rare but challenging due to the need to speak your actions.This is a diffcult but strangely rewarding form of play.It is something of a puzzle game, and fairly experimental, but this is an experiment that should be rewarded. Buy this game."
,Recommended,242840,18094460,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,DocCrankenstein,"I give this game a solid 4 stars.The gimmic of voice activated spells never loses its charm. With every light spell to every fireball I get tingles every time. The powerful feeling of chanting out your spells just makes you as a player feel good.The visuals are superb, even on my craptastic computer I am blown away at the scenes. The big begining desert entrance, the glowing caves and mushrooms. the vast puzzle rooms. Gah so much to see.The lore and the journal entries are very well written, and provied excellent immersion into the story and getting to know just what happened in these ruins.But alas, the game is not perfect. The casting while all together glorious, can be a little hit-or-miss. Especially if you have an accent (Cajun American here) so the spells sometimes missfire. ( Somehow i ended up casting one spell instead of my intended one, and the pronunciation for both have nothing in common. )Second, with the misfire of spells, means the bad guys dont always get the knuckle sandwich you were trying to serve. And instead they feast on you. The aiming is tough to get down pat at first, being used to when you shoot, it hits immediatly after. The spells fire slowly, so you have to learn to lead and anticipate. And some of the bosses are damn fast and s♥♥♥♥♥tic in movement, so it is sometimes like a bullet hell of just repeating chants until you land a hit.The puzzles while they do have that grandeur from the visuals, arent all that complicated initially. They are really just a tad obnoxious run arounds of find the right angle for this, or find the out of the way symbol. They arent bad, but they arent brain benders.The spells, while fun to cast, are a tad one trick pony. It is always obvious from the time you get into a room which spell you are gonna be repeating the entire time. Every spell has one use, and one use only. (Save for 2 basic spells you can ""stun"" enemies instead of killing them with these) One charges this, the other opens these, the other activates this thing, and so on. There is little diversity to how the spells can be used.***[TL;DR]***So all in all, great visual game with a real great hook for gameplay, just combat is a bit messy and wishing that the spells could be a little more creative with how you use them. But it is a really really great game, worth the money, and worth supporting these devs to taking this to the next level and exploring all possibilities. Really looking forward to a expansion or sequal to this game. Really want to see more voice recognition in games like this. Has excellent potential and this game is a great start for what can be an epic game changer."
,Recommended,242840,34055782,Posted: 6 August,all,Damper the Damp,"Absolutely 5 stars. An incredible game. The story telling is superb, the quality and scenery is unmatched, game play feels great, and I was able to get quite a lot of playtime out of the game. The puzzles are difficult, but not difficult enough to discourage you from play - and the combat system is fun, and can get surprisingly intense."
,Recommended,242840,17844828,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,tōhū ṿāṿōhū | תֹ֙הוּ֙ וָבֹ֔הוּ,"Nice Idea. Beautiful graphics, etc.It's worth it's money. But voice recognition sucks for me. Even with trained profile.Maybe I'm to stupid to repeat the same words more than once or it simply doesn't get it.Sucks, since I cannot continue to play after the first enemy encounter since casting a fireball is not possible.It always casts lightray as if I had said ekto lumeh but yeah. Even if I say ""♥♥♥♥ this"" it casts ekto lumeh some times :/"
76561198114701908,Recommended,242840,15248314,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,dOtcOm,"This game is awesome !You want to become a wizard? This game makes it possible.Cast your spells with your own voice and that unreal engine graphics, beautiful."
76561198094385906,Recommended,242840,32354149,Posted: 11 June,all,Tick Tock,"A very interesting game, with a unique style of gameplay. Im very pleased with it."
76561198198619821,Not Recommended,242840,29104154,Posted: 7 January,all,Empress_D,"Two words: BEYOND FRUSTRATINGHere's why:- no help or clues as to what you have to do ever- save points are few and far between so you die and have to do everything over again- later can heal yourself with water but there's never water when you need to heal- WAYY TOO MANY SPELLS to remember and the magic language is hard: Lumeh tial, Ekto namet, Yegah mideh...- most of the time the wrong spell happens even when ""Obee kenhu"" sounds nothing like ""Atulaghni""- the game glitches all the time i.e. you're floating in midair instead of standing on a platform or you just start moving backwards for no reason- Journal entries tell you about this temple but it's so long-winded and confusing that nobody reads it- If you're off by one millimeter when jumping, you'll miss the platform and injure yourself falling. Then you die and start everything over YAY- most of the rooms are so dark you can't see what you're doing and you can't always use the ""light"" spellPros:- Cool concept that's not executed correctly- Imaginative puzzles and rooms but they're too complicated to the point of frustration, not fun"
76561198005265756,Recommended,242840,17673177,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Nagashurai - Ryan,"Honest Review!!!!Puzzles... Lots of Puzzles... While I'm not really a big fan of doing intense puzzles, this game involves both combat and puzzles while making it very fun. My very first time trying to cast Lumeh Tial I spoke into my mic and said ""Crash to Desktop"" and what do you know, it worked! Since then I have made my own spell names, such as explosion for the Atul Aghni spell... but since they weren't working 100% of the time I decided to learn the actual spells. Though the speaking portion isn't 100% accurate for each and every spell you try to cast, I'd say that it was about 90-95% accurate for when I actually used a spell. For instance, there were times when I said Atul Aghni, but instead cast Namet Atul instead. Most of the time the accuracy of the speech-to-spell cast ratio wasn't a problem.Other than that, I'd recommend this game to anyone looking for an interesting game that will cause others to look at you strangely as you play it, but be warned that these puzzles are not as easy as they might appear. One room (the lava room with the rotating pillars in Chapter 3) took me approximately 2 hours to solve, so by no means is this thing a walk in the park. If you are someone that doesn't have a ton of money, wait for a discount on the game.Read on if you plan on getting this fantastic game for a few tips:1) Be sure to check every possible solution that is available to you before moving onto a new area or returning to an old area. Many of the puzzles have hidden sections or hints as to how to complete different sections if you look hard enough.2) Remain calm when in a combat scenario - I panicked a few times and I couldn't remember the spells, pressing the spells list in the middle of combat helped me quite a bit to both think and calm myself a bit.3) If all else fails, don't quit, I'd recommend looking up a guide to answer a question or find a hint, full solutions will probably ruin the game as it is intended to be a puzzle. I had to use a guide to know that I was doing the correct thing and not wasting 30 minutes pouring water into buckets to find a pattern...4) Sometimes taking a leap of faith is required to advance to the next area or to complete a puzzle."
,Recommended,242840,25591456,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,SacredSheep,"Challenging puzzles, dark surreal ambiance, huge Balrog-like enemy. Sweet.For me the speech-recognition worked mostly flawlessly, if it didn't, it was almost always my fault for talking to fast in a hectic situation.For some puzzles the hints that may be there are easy to overlook or misconceive., making them really hard to solve.Overall really recommend the game, but don't wonder if your flatmate will think you are crazy for shouting ATUL AGHNI multiple times aloud."
76561198006694956,Not Recommended,242840,30275913,Posted: 2 March,all,yuirick,"This game isn't bad as a whole per say. To be honest, I really enjoyed a good deal of the first part of the game. The first chapter was intuitive, thematic, and overall nice and to the point in terms of the puzzles. Once you get to chapter 2, however, things begin to go downhill, though not straight away. The 'hall of pain' as a guide calls it is the first true test of your patience. It's a maze, but you die relatively quickly. I won't say more as that would be a spoiler, but you end up desperately trying to stay alive while also trying to solve the maze at the same time, and unless you pick up on the clues before entering the maze, you'll be completely lost.That, however, isn't that bad. What's bad is everything from the lava-room onwards. Rather than trying to explain just how frustrating this game can be, I think it's best to just see it for yourself. Look up Cry's stream of the game, go to the 3-hour point and watch from there. If you can live with those frustruations, this game will be for you. If you can't, get it on sale just to experience the gimmick and then drop it after 2 hours or so of gameplay. Before it gets bad.Either that or just look through the guide when you get stuck. Seriously. The guide might save the game for you.**EDIT**Just looked at the stats. The achievement for completing the game has a bit less than 3% achievement rate. I think that underlines my above points fairly well."
,Recommended,242840,21145792,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Brazzers,"The game is outstanding, including art style , level design , spells and everything elseHowever,this art style reminds me of cthulhua bit too hard and darkand horribleI'm really scared.It was supposed to be a friendly game!"
,Recommended,242840,17633205,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,xColdxFusionx,"A wonderful 3D Metroidvania/Puzzle hybrid. If you don't mind spending some time bashing your head against the wall for missing the obvious answers (and sometimes the less than obvious), this game is right for you. Besides, bellowing pseudo-Latin into the microphone to shoot lasers from your hands will never get old."
,Recommended,242840,17396353,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DivisorofZero,"So where to begin with this game, I love the Story and Mystery behind everything you do in this game. The Audio is amazing and engaging. The Art Design is beautiful and stunning. The Stage progression was good and it was easy to understand where you were supposed to go as long as you explore a bit to begin with. Now the Voice recognition is cool and all but there were a few times were I would cough and it would count it as the Command spell or I would say one spell and it would interpret as another and I even set up my own Voice profile in the settings though it was mostly on the dot with what I said most of the time. Oh but I do love the sounds of the language used for the spells it was mystic yet regal.So to wrap it up I love everything about this game even with the few times I got annoyed at the Voice stuff. I would give this  game a 9/10. Mostly because there are a few areas where you can bug the game out a bit and the voice recognition still needs some improvement in techonogly before it can be prefected for a game like this. Still though Great work for a very small team."
,Recommended,242840,33062675,Posted: 30 June,all,Round Scad,"After a long, long time of gaming inactivity, In Verbis Virtus is a nice ""welcome back"" into the gaming world for me. The voice activated spell casting brings you into the game, and makes you feel extremely immersed. The graphics are gorgeous. Controls are very smooth and the response to voice commands are accurate and quick. I would recommend using headphones and a mic that is close to your mouth, though, as using speakers can mess up your spell casting during parts of the game with a lot of music and background noise.I've played through this game twice now, and sometimes even play it from time to time when I feel like making Saevars explode, or dueling with a Shar-Seth."
76561198037405428,Recommended,242840,16072763,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Authentic Mikutard,"This is ridonculously epic. I was watching the trailer thinking: ""meh, main focus is magic, its usually more interesting when magic is 1 well developed aspect in the rpg""then I scroll down a little and notice ""a microphone is required to play this game"" and im like: ""wait a minute, that's not voice acting Oo!?"" I instantly got goosebumps watching the trailer. I don't get goosebumps for a game since Morrowind... yes when it was new and shinny.Haven't either had an immersion/exploration vibe of this kind since playing said game and Riven and some old Tomb Raiders. Chapter 2 will show you what we have been missing in the last years in map design on FPS, it's pure intricate genius and outright gorgeous at times. Keep in mind this is a cerebral exploration game. If you feel something is missing in that room keep looking and don't forget to backtrack. It's not busywork, its exploration.Voice recognition is fairly lenient and if you have trouble remembering some spells you can use what works for you. I once forgot the telekenises spell and I said ""OP keanu!"" well... he bent a spoon on that movie and stoped bullets with his mind :P . Spell name also reminds of ""obee wan kenobi"" so most are easy to remember, other you can go by their name logic. It also worked when I had some snacks in my mouth on ocasion and the oposite was also true resulting in wonderful moments where I struggled to hold the food in my mouth while I laughed with joy at the awesomeness of the game.If you are like me, and used to recite out loud spell names when casting for the lols because you thought the latin/giberish names sounded epic (disciples II, baldurs gate/icewind dale), you know, the kind of thing you don't do in public, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU THAT ->YOU DID NOT EVEN KNOW YOU WANTED<-! Have a bottle of water near you because this doesn't get old!10/10 now when I go to the kitchen: ""Namet Atul! Namet Atul! Namet Atul!"" and if it's to cook something: ""Atul Aghni!"" , im 8 years old playing zelda again!"
76561198114922557,Recommended,242840,19809903,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,CupcakeBunny,"Yay, Finally talking to my Pc has an effect! And it works way better than I expected. While there are some critters to kill, the game mainly is a puzzle game and some of these puzzles are pretty hard. If you don't like to talk to inanimate objects or/and if you are more into killing things this game isn't for you. There isn't much action, its more about thinking and showing patience.And now set free your inner wizard ;b"
,Recommended,242840,20554108,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Ramlock,Incredible puzzle game. I'm amazed.
,Recommended,242840,18039823,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,『 S-POI-LER 』|Two Week away,
,Recommended,242840,16392774,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,KaZumaTree,"TL;DR: A wonderful surreal first-person fantasy puzzle game with a unique central mechanic of using one's own voice to cast spells to solve puzzles and progressing forward.+ Excellently executed fantasy backdrop supported by a good engine.+ Complex puzzle mechanics that reward smart exploration over blind ""trying everything once"", that rewards one to explore and think things through.+ A voice control mechanic that not only works very well, but actually is central to the game and adds to the experience, rather than feeling tacked-on.- Voice commands may take a while to get used to your specific voice and accent, and miscasts and noncasts are common when there's a lot of background noise or you mispronounce. Take time to tweak the microphone settings both in Windows and ingame, and enunciate in a clear voice.- The puzzle-based world you travel through is difficult enough that many may be turned off by feeling lost, even with the many signs and maps around the area.- Backtracking is a thing, and sometimes backtracking at the wrong time, or not noticing an element here or there can leave you feeling lost."
76561198058817861,Not Recommended,242840,30559988,Posted: 16 March,all,Garamoth,"I respect what In Verbis Virtus is going for, I really do. You cast spells by speaking the formula with your voice. Isn't that cool? The problem is that the actual meat of the game is a fairly standard breed of block-pushing, laser beam orienting puzzles. Screaming yourself hoarse while trying to get every gimmick in the right place does not help the concept. It just makes the puzzles even more tedious. Voice recognition is good, but not great and seems prone to bouts of backfiring. The game thinks every word must mean that I want the light spell.- DOOROPENINGSPELLUS!- More light? You got it boss!"
,Recommended,242840,19219686,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,boohooforyou,"beautiful game for anyone who wanted to have magic or powers.the 'spells' in thier native language can be tricky sometimes, it relies on sound pitch more than verbalization of the words.everytime you stop playing and come back, you have to remember the spells, which increase as you play.other than that, its quite fun, you are kind of just dropped into play, without much direction but with the story gradually revealing who, what, where you are and why. i admit, i was annoyed at first, but you move past it, and its enjoyable."
,Recommended,242840,18122149,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Mykwon,"Very entertaining. Voice recognition works like a charm IF you use a headset with a mic. With an internal mic, not that much. It's such a thrill to cast spell with your voice! The game is more puzzle oriented than classic FPS (which doesn't repel me at all). Grabbed it while it was 75% discounted and didn't regret."
,Recommended,242840,34719618,Posted: 3 September,all,Vormancer,"CatagoriesRankingSummeryValue$20Given the interactivity of the games features, well worth the moneyGameplay8 starspretty solid puzzle solver gameStory7 starsIt's kinda light on the verbal story aspect but you kinday piece one together in the back of your head. Mine is a story of servival where i had to seek the power of the old gods to survive on a deserted planet of sand....Social SystemSolo playern/aCommunitySolo playern/aGraphics10 starsbeautiful graphics, kinda ravish, it reminded me of how i felt when i first saw the graphics in the game Riven all those years agoEase of Learning9 starsReally easy to learnCombat Style9 starsTheres no combat per say but solving the puzzles really makes you think and analyze your surroundings, from there its all trial and errorSoundtrack8 starssoothing and ethreal..."
76561197977260507,Recommended,242840,10506216,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,AWK13,"First of all, keep in mind that this game is in early access. That being said the developers are very involved in helping solve any and all issues, and have managed to push out a unique game that already, in its third early access update, contains roughly 6-8 hours of great gameplay. The game itself is a blend of first-person horror, puzzle, and classic rpg games that does not feel like three genres thrown together in a blender. They have been elegantly interlaced in the main story and gameplay. The story is not shoved down your throat either like many of today's games, but rather subtley unlocked. In a way, as you discover more and more about the templethe player discovers more and more about his motivation. I won't say any more on that subject for fear of spoilers.Now the big thing that sets this game apart and is possibly its biggest selling point is the voice functionality. It is through this command that the game really shines. I have never felt more like my character as I have playing this game, because in this game I have to literally speak for my character. The downside of this function is that sometimes it bugs out. It may use a different spell than what you wanted or may even not cast a spell at all. The develpers, however, are even working on this drawback, as they plan on adding voice recognition training functionality to the game itself, so what the game hears is you, rather then some generic coding that you have to imitate. On top of the pure awesomeness of casting a spell, you can choose which language, english, or the games own made up language, Maha'ki, to cast spells in. Maha'ki is a very latin-ish fantasy-ish language that feels great to speak in. But if that's not your cup of tea, the english functionality works just as well.Overall, this is probably the best, and most challenging game I have purchased in a long time. I urge the developers to keep up the good work because this games shows the promise of surpassing games from the very genres that it pulls from, such as myst, or even games of the elder scrolls franchise. In the future, this game could be worth a lot more than the $16.99 it is now, especially if they add nearly as much content as it looks like they are going to!P.S. Even though I don't have one, Occulus Rift support would make this game BEYOND amazing! I would actually probably invest in one (once the price goes down a bit :P) just to play this game and truly feel like a wizard!"
,Recommended,242840,11026748,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cynpheros,"Brilliant game so far, capturing and very moreish lol.  Even though I found a few moments when I thought ""Wait... what am I supposed to do?""  A little time thinking for once in a game and solved!  (I miss games where you have to actually think!)  The environment is amazing, forgive the cliche but it is a game about magic, and you get that feel from the environment, the puzzle rooms, the incantations, the story you start to unfold through the notes in your journal as you play...  It all adds to a great gaming fun experience.  I found myself more absorbed into it due to the incantation aspect of the spell casting through saying the spells instead of pressing a button to cast it for you.  You feel more in control and deeper into the game yourself, more than just reading skill descriptions and BOOM it's done something to a target.  (again, you have to think.  ""You have spells, with a multitude of things to cast them on, now go solve the puzzle!"" :D)Very nicely done and I'm looking forward to more developments! :-)"
,Recommended,242840,16411792,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Certifiable,"The voice tech rivals There Came An Echo (which I also recommend if you like just-past-modern-day sci-fi) for well implemented voice controls, with the clever implementation of ""start voice input"" and ""end voice spell"" buttons!(Gamepad triggers or mouse buttons.)The game itself has echoes of Skyrim but also forges its own path, an interesting world thus far. And perhaps a touch of Metroidvania - with a little bit of backtracking and maps, but not much - and a save point system.(Devs, might be a good idea to edit the save system to allow all characters in saves. Many gamers love to make jokes with their saves. I tried ""Aziz, LIGHT!"" - a The Fifth Element reference - to remind me that I had just gained the light source spell. It hated anything that wasn't a letter!)At the sale price, it's definitely worth a shot! Off sale? Still worth a try! :D(EDIT: Forgot to add, I have an Aussie/Brit accent, and it STILL WORKED well!)10/10 would blow up bugs - with a light beam thrown from my hands - using my voice again."
76561198034010598,Recommended,242840,16498509,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kira-chan,"Well, yeah,.. I'm recommending this game even tho I have not finished it yet.Controls are quite intuitive and it really does not matter if you want to play it on keybord or using a gamepad.At first, It's kind of confusing to get the right spell on. First chapter is guiding you and teaching you to use correct spells and to get into the casting system. I casted diferent spell then I pronounced only few times and it was probably my fault. The voice recongnition works really well, tho I tried only the ""mystic"" language, not english.If you can get it in some kind of sale and you do like adventures and (not only) ocasional puzzle solving, it's the right game for you! I would by it even for the full price after the experience I have.Remember, any kind of adventure gives you sometimes thoughts about rage-quiting :)"
,Recommended,242840,16446025,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Diopside,never before has being a memespouting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ been such a viable strategy for success
76561198080440644,Recommended,242840,16488423,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hoiger Howgendoogen,This is an incredibly fun game. You will feel very powerful from the first moment that your words bring forth a spell. It's incredibly immersive as well.
,Recommended,242840,16420506,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,cowll悲しい,[Pros]*Speech recognition workswell - They have did a good job on making this one work almost all the time. It work so well  even I don't speak I will cast Lumeh Tial*Wellcrafted models - They really took a great effort on modeling the structures. They have done a good job on making it based on the lore of the game*Harry Potter Simulator - I'm a Harry Potter myself and that is why I bought it in the first places. I was awe'd the first time a cast a spell WITH MY OWN VOICE like a real wizard's reaction. I told myself ♥♥♥♥ yes*Looks Beautiful than my crush - I think this is one of the games that has beautiful lightings. They nailed it on using light effects to highlight the beauty of the environment[Cons]*Only for Hardcore players - This is hard♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Don't expect an objective guide. You have to find out everything on your own. I know that they are trying to make the game immersive as possible but I think it would be better if they made it an optional. Make a mode that is for Casual players and Hardcore players so everyone can join. I was confused on what the hell to do or am I really making a progress. And Wtf why is the floor sucking my health.*It has Bugs - Enemies respawn each time you reload a save. It really annoying that you have to deal with then again and again after you died on a game you always die. Also using spells is buggy. Lumeh Tial sometimes take 5 seconds to cast. and one time I was standing on a Water Yegah Wideh?? I dont remember but I keep saying the spell and doesn't work. There maybe more bugs but I'm gonna delay for awhile on finishing this game.*Stupid enemy AI - I was standing near infront of a recently spawn enemy he isn't doing anything even if I attacked him. Also the caged enemy still keep running on me even tho he doesnt have anywhere to go*Poor Opimazation - The beautiful looks comes with a prices. The lighting effects needed to be opimize. My fps is dropping to 20fps whenever I'm near lights.*Controls needs to be enhanced - In this hardcore puzzle game controls must be very effecient. Especially the spell Obee Kuhne. I was playing this gem on top of a statue. I was having a badtime putting it on the right places.*Weak Story presentation - This game needed some voice acting on reading journal or maybe also for the character. It's really boring just to read it.*Back tracking - I've done tons of backtracking on this game. As a linear game they should have done it with no back trackings so I would feel rewarded when solving puzzles. This really turns me off for playing this.I really admire developer's ambitious game for making this game voice recognition commanded. This is a step forward for future gaming/virtual reality experience. I hope this keep the good things and fix the bad ones next time they will make another kind of these game. I can't really recommend this one neither not recommend it for everyone. So for the sake of supporting the developer on making another of this I would recommend it. I hope you guys do better next time.
,Recommended,242840,20305375,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Burncycle,"Absolutely loved this game. The speech part works excellent, the puzzles are challenging, and the environments are large, beautiful, and unique. If you're even thinking about buying this game, but aren't too sure, go ahead and get it. My first run through the game lasted me a good 70+ hours, and I know I missed some things. Will definitely play it again."
76561198013011988,Recommended,242840,22308918,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Zulfurlubak,"An awesome game!I actually got it on summer sale among many other things, intrigued by its description. Didn't expect much of it but now that I've completed it I must admit it's pretty amazing.Graphics and level design are nice and pretty, being able to cast spells with your own voice is cool, soundtrack is nice and story is okey. The whole game will probably take you about 8-10 hours to finish if you are not too familiar with quest-adventure type of games like me, but it's certanly worth it.If you already consider getting - do it, you probably won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,242840,16536190,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Make Cake A Lie Again,The ultimate nergasm for those wanna-be wizards.
,Not Recommended,242840,30181761,Posted: 25 February,all,Prosb,"Pros: The voice recognition works well, only about one in every 10-15 spells cast are the wrong one.The atmosphere is great.The spell effects look nice enough.Cons: Saying this game is ""light on story"" would be an exaggeration. You're better off imagining your own than piecing one together from what's in the game.The targeting system is a mess.While the game knows what spell you want to cast, it has great difficulty figuring out what you want to cast it on.A target standing still is fine, but any scenario where you need to do things quickly it all falls apart. Whether aiming at a stationary point you have to run up to, or an enemy you need to target, the game seems to just throw its hands in the air.Great potential, poorly executed."
,Recommended,242840,16866876,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!Disclaimer:THIS GAME REQUIRES A MICROPHONE IN ORDER TO PLAYThis is a puzzle atmosphere game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou can play with the xbox controller and keyboard.You can customise the keyboard controls.There is a microphone volume slidebar available.You can choose if you wish to say English or ingame language to cast a spell.The game has many different resolution sizes.There is a gamma slidebar available.You can play the game fullscreen or windowed mode.There is a sound volume slidebar available.There is a music volume slidebar available.There is a mouse sensitivity slidebar available.About the game.After the struggle for buying a (decent) microphone which is required to play this game. You will be wandering around in the middle of the dessert and eventually you will find a temple. Obviously you will enter this as it's part of the game and you will see some weird scribblings on the pillars. After interacting with every one of them, the door will finally open. But the door will be shut down behind you once you are walking through the door. You will have to discover the secrets and learn the magical spells in order to defeat enemies or complete the obstacles.You have to cast abilities through your microphone.Has puzzles, enemies and obstactles.Ingame instructions and tips.You can't skip cutscenes.Has save stations.Has map stations.There are some collectables but the game doesn't really need that to be honest.The atmosphere in this game is very good too. Also the light effects and reflection is very well done.Other things.The voice pickup is decent. (better then mario party 7).You might not want to play this if you are in a room full of people.. They might declare you are crazy as you are trying to announce or say the spells.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,242840,19947585,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tardivex,"This is a cautious recommendation, it's definetly not a game for everyone for a few reasons:First of all it's a puzzle game and it doesn't hold your hand at all, this can be a positive depending on your point of view but some solutions definetly get on the harder side later on and another problem is that each of the chapters (2 and 3 especially) take place in really huge maps and it can be disorienting as to where you have to go / what you have to do next,  which isn't really helped by the backtracking you have to do a lot of timesThen there's the main gimmick of the game which is the voice recognition spells and aside from the obvious factor that you could be saying a bunch of weird things in front of other people (the game uses it's own fantasy language but you can change that if you want, although it's recommended for immersion) I've got to admit that it is quite cool at first but more than a couple of problems start to appear later onThe speech regonition seems fine at first but it only seems to get worse after you get more spells and it starts confusing between them sometimes like I can't tell you how many times it confused ""Obee Kehnu"" with ""Udah Notem"" and so you just keep saying the same spell over and over again until it actually works, which you sorta need it to be 100% or very close to it especially near the end of the game which sometimes ended up in me shouting the spells sometimes in frustration and also the novelty of the whole thing starts to wear off too somewhat and makes you wish you had hotkeys for all of them so they'd be guaranteed to work / not mix upStory wise it's kinda basic and totally optional, you get journal entries at certain points in the game and you can find documents that tell you a little bit more about the game's world and all that, so you can read them if you want, a few of them can provide clues in certain points of the game though, side note here it's usually a stone tablet with runes but weirdly enough later in the game they change that and I didn't even realize it at first because the new ""documents"" really just look like decoration more than anything else so I ended up missing quite a few of them, but the ending at least was somewhat interesting but obviously story wasn't the main focus of this gameOverall it's a nice game with an interesting gimmick, it looks quite good too, there are some really beaultiful enviroments most notably in the third chapter and the game isn't that long either so it doesn't really overstay it's welcome too much (although I gotta admit it was starting to grind my gears near the end) so if you're into this sort of genre I'd say give it a go, it's at least worth that much"
,Recommended,242840,20997681,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Say.My.Name,"I buy this game for two reasons;-ITALIAN DEVELOPER!-I CAN LAUNCH SPELL WITH MY VOICE, NOW I'M A WIZARD!It's a simple great idea if you want an interactive magic game, then we have a great world with Unreal4, a good music, and maybe hard level, ah don't forget nipples xD!Anyway this game is special and only the best that i have play for to be a magician!"
76561198051831790,Not Recommended,242840,25581075,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Vynllios,Absolute frustrating voice recognition.
76561198164756860,Not Recommended,242840,21016130,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DukeViolet,"I would like to state at the beginning of this review that I DO NOT recommend this game.Reasons to recommend this gameThere are not many games that support casting spells of your own.You can listen to the sounds of spells as long as you need them, which makes it easier to start.The graphics and musics are not bad, though I didn't really pay attention to them.Reasons not to recommend this gameIt took me about 30 minutes adjusting my microphone because it keeps failing. I am quite sure that this is the problem of the game.Solving puzzles is fun, but wasting my time on looking for god-knows-what all around the map is not.I really, really dislike the fact that I have to read all those texts just to be sure that I am not missing any crucial clues.Still about texts. A good story telling shouldn't be like this. There's definitely no atmosphere when I have to stop exploring and start to read a book.The idea of performing tricks by speaking out the spell is amazing, undoubtedly. But I don't see any sense in adopting such a feature in this game. Probably it fits games like The Elder Scroll or The Witcher more.Also the AI of this game is not satisfying. Sometimes when I'm standing right in front of a monster at a very close distance he gives no response ;)This game is a very nice try, but it doesn't meet my expectation.Ps. As for the problem of microphone, I am quit sure this is the problem of the game because several minutes before I started this game, I was preparing for a Skype interview so that I thoroughly check my microphone. I tried three different mics in the game and none of them worked. I followed the instructions on the discussion page but nothing changed. I understand many of you don't have such a problem, but to me, it just doesn't work."
76561198020506980,Recommended,242840,26488465,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,"Disclaimer : this is more a puzzle game than anything else, so if you expect to fight with spells like in an RPG but with voice recognition, you will be disappointed.The game has a very interesting concept. The voice recognition can sometimes fail (which can be quite frustrating at times) but most of the time it works just fine.The puzzles (and even finding your way in mazes) can be quite challenging.The combat can be very frustrating, but fortunately there is not too much of it.Overall not a great game, but a very good one."
76561198063594521,Recommended,242840,27700912,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lunar Echo,"One of the best games I own. The joy of completing that puzzle you were stuck on for the last 15 minutes only for the floor to fall out from under you, sometimes literally! And then there is the terror as you scream at the critters to die, no button mashing required.Warning: if you aren't using Maha'ki then you only have half a game."
,Recommended,242840,27881823,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cmdmole,"A really enjoyable game and a voice-activation that works surprisingly well.PRO:- Voice activation- Many Enjoyable Puzzles- I did quite like the atmosphere of the gameNEUTRAL:- THe fighting does not work too bad, but it isn't the best eitherCON:- A few minor quirks, but nothing remarkableCOCLUSION:If you do have a microphone I definitely recommend to check this game out."
76561198011608490,Recommended,242840,33216227,Posted: 3 July,all,[GGU] Cold shock,"Great game!Funny but possible spoiler:I did say ""Expecto Patronum"" and it ♥♥♥♥ing worked lmao. (It activates ekto lumeh)"
,Recommended,242840,24069196,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kthr,"Do I look silly shouting ekto lumeh while the annoying buys come running after me? Probably yes. With a compelling sense of exploration as you learn new spells, this game really shines as a little gem that appeared in my discovery queue and I'm happy I decided to try it out. It reallys brings back some of the magical wonder we used to have playing new games as kids instead of the usual ""oh, this is a XXX clone"" of nowadays"
,Recommended,242840,22923087,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,LanokirX,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMrY0xpVjIw&index=1&list=PLFiDOren6dOU_8dw0eKCirqpUhYpag5noWhen the spell ""LanokirX Sucks"" works, do I know its a great game."
76561197974793790,Recommended,242840,15209468,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,YotsuMD,"I entered the temple with nothing, my skin sore from being baked in the unforgiving desert sun. I find myself cautiously moving through the dark halls and tunnels illuminated by faintly glowing crystals and plants, my step growing bolder as I gain new and amazing powers to conquer any challenge before me.It was intoxicating. All I had to do was to raise my hand and loudly declare my will, and light would show me the way. Obstacles would be moved by sheer willpower. Grievous wounds would mend in mere moments. Even the temple itself would obey my commands.The neighbour is at the door, asking me to keep my voice down, but they don't understand me.They don't understand what it's like to be a wizard."
,Not Recommended,242840,15456185,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Rath,"I really wish I could recommend this game. I've had a good deal of fun playing it thus far and the inclusion of using your voice to cast spells has been exeptionally novel.I can't however, recommend this game as a puzzle game. The puzzles I've encountered thus far are incredibly obscure and require tons of time spent bashing your head against your keyboard to unravel. Clues tend to be useless, even when present. After about 20-30 minutes of play, I have to quit the game and walk away before I get so frustrated that I punch a hole in my monitor. I love a good puzzle game, but this game really lacks the satisfaction element of completing a difficult puzzle."
76561198010612904,Not Recommended,242840,16034063,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Zeraxen Sar'athin,"Before I begin, let me just clarify why I would not recommend this game. It's a good game, really good in fact. Graphics are nice, though there is a bit of stuttering here and there. The story is deep and interesting, and who doesn't want to be able to cast spells with their voice? However, there is one MAJOR drawback to all of that, and that is this: It's a puzzle game. I know it may seem like a stupid reason to not recommend a game, but let's be perfectly honest. Even a puzzle game like this is boring, even with the ability to cast spells with your own voice. And to be brutally honest, that's this game's only selling point; ""cast spells with your voice!"". It's a great concept, but I just cannot recommend a game that takes a good concept and puts it in a game it doesn't belong in. This game would've been much better off as an RPG with Co-Op and/or PvP, where you fight other people and hear them cast spells and have that one split second to think of the proper counter-spell. Instead, we get a game where you roam through a boring (though well-designed) crumbling temple that makes you feel like Indiana Jones while you beat your head against a wall trying to figure out what the heck you're supposed to do next.Bottom Line: Beautiful game, well designed, good concept but in the wrong type of game. If your only reason for buying this game is ""Oooh, I get to cast spells with my voice? Heck yes!"", don't buy it. It'll just disappoint you. But if you love puzzle games, then this just might be your cup of proverbial tea."
,Not Recommended,242840,19124438,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,TheStubiter,"In Verbis Vertus consists of a mixture of first person exploration, puzzle solving, and, spell-casting through the use of voice commands. Throughout In Verbis Vertus the player will move through an underground system of tunnels and caves, progressing deeper into the earth. The majority of the game consists of interacting with and exploring this environment by solving puzzles and mastering spells.The main appeal of In Verbis Vertus is it's spell casting. In order to cast spells, the player must memorize the words of a spell and clearly speak them into their microphone. The player may choose to preform these voice commands in English or in a fantasy language designed for the game. Using voice commands to cast spells is a novel concept, and I found myself initially enjoying the system more than a traditional hot-key approach. However, the novelty wears off quickly, and is soon replaced with frustration. This is due to the game's tendency to misinterpret the player's speech, requiring them to repeat commands multiple times. I found this extremely frustrating, especially when rapid action is required. I also was disappointed to find that throughout my time with the game, it failed to introduce any interesting or unique spells, the most interesting being a fireball that can be detonated mid flight. For a game which focused so heavily on spell-casting, I would have expected a more in depth or interesting system. It was sad to see a system that showed so much promise end up feeling lifeless and dull.The environmental design In Verbis Vertus also leaves much to be desired. Although exploration and discovery are clearly meant to be a focus, I found the game oddly linear. In order to progress, the player must complete actions in a set order and way. Puzzles seem to have a single solution, leaving the player feeling like they are simply going through the motions rather than figuring things out on their own. Occasionally some puzzles will deviate from this, allowing a bit more experimentation, but these are few and far between. The game also allows backtracking, but provides no incentive for doing so. Fortunately, In Verbis Vertus is a good looking game. It's environments are often packed with color and interesting scenery, which is enjoyable to look at.In Verbis Vertus has such a strong concept, but unfortunately falls short in execution, making what should have been a unique, captivating experience feel like a chore. Somewhere underneath all poor design decisions is a truly special game, which makes it all the more sad that I cannot recommend In Verbis Vertus. I hope a sequel is released which further develops all the unique ideas in In Verbis Vertus without its mistakes."
,Recommended,242840,16855477,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,SsPpAaMm,"Bottom line:  if it interests you, buy it for half off.It's a very solid game.  The voice recognition works decently, even with a little hurry or slurring.  But not too much of either.I like it, I'll finish it eventually.  I'm currently not liking where I'm at in it as it feels more like a horror/survival game at times - you have extremely limited options in dealing with emenies that you cannot kill but who are MORE than capable of killing you.  Not necessarily a bad thing, but neither is it truly what I expected out of the game."
76561198035949850,Recommended,242840,25270368,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kabbage Weatherfork,"When most people think, 'Okay, I'm a hardcore nerd,' they never envision casting spells with their voice, no matter how much they may wish to. If you are one of those people, play this game so long as you have the confidence to withstand the snickering of your family as you scream 'Lumeh Tial!' and your characters hand glows then you proceed to literally bounce around with ecstatic energy. This game made my wishes for a Hogwarts letter seem absurd; who wants to have to use a wand when YOU CAN SHOUT SPELLS INTO YOUR COMPUTER FOR ELONGATED PERIODS OF HAPPINESS! If you think, 'nah this game costs to much', then I tell you this: 'Don't let your dreams be dreams. JUST DO IT!' You know how much you actually want this game. If you are looking or have looked in the negative reviews, you will see the fact that barely anyone doesn't like this game, all of them stupid. They probably say something about terrible voice recognition, but they probably forgot to release the left mouse button after saying the spell's formula to actually cast the spell (REMEMBER TO DO THAT IF YOU WANT TO BUY THIS GAME; NAY, REMEMBER TO DO THAT BECAUSE YOU ARE PLAYING THIS GAME, WHETHER YOU WANT TO OR NOT, ALTHOUGH YOU SHOULD WANT TO LEST YOU BE DEEMED FOOLISH).I know that my argument seems kind of childish, but hey, I bear no shame. Here's the less childish truths of the matter:Pros:You can use your voice to be like, 'BLOW ALL THE THINGS UP!' and 'I HAVE MENTAL POWERS (Obee Kehnu)!'You can blow up little thingies with streams of light; if someone asks you if that is stupid, ask them if THEY'VE ever shot beams of light that damage creatures from their hands.You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice. You can cast spells with your voice.The graphics are amazing (I have a 'meh' graphics card and I can run it on full AND it is really astounding; the game was configured to allow common computers run it on beautiful graphics).Cons:You're stupid if you actually think that there would be anything bad about this game; YOU'RE A FRACKING MAGE WHO USES A MICROPHONE TO CAST SPELLS WITH YOUR VOICE. How could anything be bad?Rating:100/10 I would, with complete and total confidence in the validity of this statement, blow up irritating creatures and midgets flying around again, even though my dad mocks me by talking like a guy from Magicka.NB: If you think that you're not going to by the game, stop being an idiot and go back to the top of this review and read it again. Repeat this if your innate foolishness wins the war with common sense inside of you.No, I have not finished this game."
76561198006350971,Not Recommended,242840,15331687,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Teh Forti,"Few things needed to play this game:1) talent for puzzles2) ability to speak clearly3) have a GOOD quality mic with no background noise!These things said, I've had a hell of a time with this game... Puzzles are imaginative and the graphics are pretty.  Music is nice too.  But I'm also getting alot of technical problems: the game crashes to the point I have to reinstall it when I try to rig the speech rcognition.  Try to play without this and the game frequently either misses spells I speak or casts the wrong ones (Tial Udah is FAR DIFFERENT from Ekto Lumeh!!).  There is also a lag time between my speaking the spell and it taking effect, sometimes you also need to let go of the 'hand' trigger for the spell to do its thing.  And not all spells do this.While I want to continue this game (it's a great and beautiful game), I'm starting to get into combat scenarios and puzzles where timing is a real key.  need precision responses from the casting system that I'm just not getting.  maybe in a few updates...."
,Recommended,242840,17593373,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Blitzkeg,Harrypottersimulator/10Would buy on summer sale again.
76561198019014829,Recommended,242840,20333017,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Varileztra,"Lumeh tial!  ehr wait no, i meant ekto lumeh!  no wait... still wrong spell...  eeeeehr"
76561197995656590,Not Recommended,242840,30387741,Posted: 8 March,all,Ignite,"Its a good game with something very interesting new mechanic... Casting a spell with your own voice. Which all and all along with a FPS puzzle element it should be something I should recomended.........I wish to but I CANT. Because the very selling point of this game on voice recognition is like a two edge sword. When the mechanic work it can make you feel as if you were a wizard  But when this voice recognition doesn't work it can make you feel really frustrate which has a reminisance to a game where control won't response according to your command..... But to top this off, The game got a God damn COMBAT which...if you can imagine made this game even more frustrate.In most game when you fight with spell you were pressing just a button and whatever happen after that you could blame yourself for not response quick or maybe a bad strategic have something to do with your failure and you could adapted for better by next round. But in this game.......................Imagine this, You were stuck in a very close quater room where there are 2 enemies constantly chasing you around and you require to put on a magic to fight them which should be very simple. STUNT them with one spell, MARK them with another spell, EXPLODE mark target with spell. Very simple indeed in most game but in a game where voice recognition was ""sometime work and won't"", The situation became unforgiven and I can't pass this stage no matter how much I yelled to the top of my lungs on microphone.In Conclusion, I'm sadly to not be able recommended this little gem here, It does offer me a great experience as initialy intend. But failed when including some very unnecessary and burden such as a ""normal combat mechanic"""
,Not Recommended,242840,31302822,Posted: 22 April,all,FordGT90Concept,"The novelty of the voice commands wore off after half an hour, after that (especially in combat), it becomes downright frustrating.  Not only is the voice magic frustrating, the entire game design is (levels require you to back track when it isn't clear you have to, some puzzles have to be solved in ways that the game doesn't pick up on which leads to the conclusion it's broke, areas in levels appear to be designed expressly to♥♥♥♥♥♥the player off in as many ways as possible, and so on).  The only thing good I have to say about the game is the art.  Someone spent a lot of time modeling unique stuff for this game.  Unfortunately they didn't spend as much time play testing and polishing the voice system (or implementing an alternative)."
,Not Recommended,242840,31973740,Posted: 26 May,all,Benedict,"I want o like this, but I cant. The voice control scheme is frankly awful, it normally takes me several goes to get a spell to work (which doesnt work well in fights). The FOV is somethign stupid, which you can set to something sensible (f2, fov 110, f2) but you have to do this everytime you play/die/etc.The grpahics are great, artwork great, puzzles kind of simple but enjoyable, but man oh man, the control scheme is ♥♥♥♥. sheet. I mean sheat. I mean ♥♥♥♥e.♥♥♥♥♥♥ There, finally got it."
,Recommended,242840,17638777,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Toastender,"When I casted my first spell, I giggled.The game is a lot of fun, on the one hand it looks amazing and has nice challenges, on the other hand you can cast magic!!!What are you waiting for?Get this game right now!!!"
76561198001807994,Recommended,242840,34420189,Posted: 22 August,all,Crudux Cruo,"Not bad for the price, i'm rather liking it!"
,Recommended,242840,17358659,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,MrRoback,"Great gameplay, great graphics, great music, great voice casting, great game. I really love this. Totally recemmend.12/10 IGNWould cast spells again"
,Recommended,242840,17222886,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Gaggol,"Put an explosion rune on a physics object, got thrown into lava."
,Recommended,242840,27423978,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Holy,That's some underrated game. The voice-based gameplay works pretty well and feels great. The puzzles are smart and the graphics are good. Sometimes the action feels a bit wonky but it's easy to look over it because the game is overall rather good.
76561198096560783,Recommended,242840,24102598,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Black Bear,"I bought this game on a whim and it is quite cool. In this game you explore a vast system of caves and puzzles, you kill little bugs and you jump around like a madman from platform to platform. What makes this game cool is you use your voice to cast spells, which can seem a little daunting at first but the first time you say a spell right and a laser bursts out of your hand it is really ♥♥♥♥ing cool."
76561198074268773,Recommended,242840,10323719,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,电子竞技没有女装,"I think everthing is a kind of perfect except the map, its too easy to get lost.I hope the deeloper can make a additional map or something similar."
76561198066007716,Recommended,242840,11081044,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,LuxusGamesOne,The game generally great but you could enter the cloud on the records and do profiles like Amnesia The Dark Descent and that we continue to play and not we load from the list. So far anyway is recommendable. :)
,Recommended,242840,15213146,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Mitchfynde,"The voice activated magic is great. The graphics are great. The performance isn't perfect, but acceptable. The level design is relentless.Do I recommend it? Yes, but only if you don't mind getting lost and making absolutely no progress for hours on end."
,Recommended,242840,17634147,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Jepp,"Good game, voice recognizion works well most of the time, some spells are hard to do when you are in a hurry though"
,Recommended,242840,15195130,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Masakiyomi,"This game is awesome - finally I can cast spells with my voice, the environment looks unbelievably and everything has it own, original atmosphere. Good job, Indomitus Games!"
,Not Recommended,242840,31520597,Posted: 3 May,all,Jim,"It has a unique idea for voice controlled spells and the recognititon only failed for me the first time I tried it.The problem is the rest of the game seems to enjoy wasting your time (under the guise of exploration).Rooms are connected by long tunnels that seem to serve no purpose other than slowing you down. Room details seem to exist to make the player think, ""Do I need to shoot that with the light spell?"" (the answer is no)Also, save points. Who enjoys backtracking to save? And no maps, except the occasional one on a wall.After getting the light beam spell and getting to a green room with no visible way though. The light spell didn't interact with anything in the room so I tried to climb down onto floating debris, but that was a kill plane. I even had additional hints turned on, but there appears to be no way though this room. Possibly I missed a branching path in a previous tunnel, but if there is a set order to do the rooms in why even have branching paths at all?Voice spells are an interesting idea, but the core puzzle game seems lacking. Or it's just not my type of game."
76561198056822880,Recommended,242840,10242843,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,SoupCircle,"why i cant see the mark of ""follow my will"" after learning three spells when meeting the brige."
,Recommended,242840,23961777,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Fawkes,i love this Game!!! i watched a friend play it and i bought it i told more friends about it and it was no longer on the store for a long time glad its back so i can pass on the word of the awesome game!!i bought the game and got to play like 20 mins of it before computer Crashed it :/ not meant for old XP computers!!still awesome!
76561198014235879,Recommended,242840,25179013,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Eldred,"A really nice game brimming with atmosphere provided by the excellent art design and captivating music.The spell casting mechanic through voice is a very nice variety and works very well (for the most part). It's quite fun to cast using this method, although combat becomes a bit hectic, when more than one enemy is involved.The Puzzles are not too hard when one remembers all the options provided by the known spells and analyzes thoroughly."
,Recommended,242840,16084019,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,NekoiNemo,"Came expecting a gimmicky mage simulator but discovered an excellent puzzle game with neat casting mechanic (hotkeys for spells begone!) and even deep thought through world. Oh, and graphics. Have you seen those glowing mushrooms in the cave? Have you seen those f-ing mushrooms?!"
76561198028182084,Recommended,242840,27839228,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ghoultrooper,The Best use of a microphone to become a Mage!
,Recommended,242840,28867468,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Coolmaster (NL),"I really dont understand why people dont recommand this game. The game looks amazing, it contains a very good atmospheric environment, great puzzles (and yes you have to look for clues somethimes, patience is a virtue in this case) and come on people, how cool is it to use spells with your own voice :)A must have game!"
,Recommended,242840,24161717,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,GrumpyPirate™,"Fun little game, nothing special but decent enough and entertainment for a day or two."
,Recommended,242840,24589390,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gucci Gucci Lynx @ FangCon,"I often try and immerse myself in game as much as I can; try and think and see the world as your character does. Most games you can't actually achieve this, but on those which I can, and are designed with that intend, makes the experience more enjoyable and intense.... Well, in this game I didn't even had to try; the microphone feature, along with the fact that you gotta learn all those spells by heart, really makes you feel like the main character in game. This also includes all the emotions and the cheer curiosity you get as you see yourself discovering new things each passing minute. Oh, btw, keep in mind the hot keys for your notebook; there's nothing worse that get nervous because you're against an enemy and realize you forgot all your spells.Oh, right.... If you didnt realize this by now, I'm telling you: in this game YOU are the one yelling the spells, not just pressing buttons to cast them, so enjoy while aware of your surroundings."
76561198005915501,Recommended,242840,16032450,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Player One,"Only played a little over a half hour so far, but OMG I love it. This type of game makes me really excited for the future of gaming.If anyone wants to check out Player Two and myself playing this, here is a videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RK1Vmy3XCJo"
,Recommended,242840,15280295,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,fakedown ツ,ＡＫＴＵＬ　ＡＧＨＮＩ！
76561198053250922,Recommended,242840,15472537,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,privileger,"Saying that this game isMASTERPIECEis nothing! I cannot say for how many years I was waiting the game like this.The game is...IMMERSING: From now on you are not only clicking the mouse/gamepad buttons, you are the part of the game and your voice will be heard. It feels very creepy when you forget the spell in the middle of battle!...BREATH TAKING: The environmental design is made with on the high quality side that allows you to feel like the ancient explorer of the abandoned temple. Complex structures, environmental puzzles along with breath taking landscapes will not let you go until you complete the game.STORY TELLING: By exploring the shattered knowledge of the temple, you will learn the magical spells as well as some unique stories of human beings and history of this strange place. This is all about the exploration, watching and learning.SURREAL: This is a world full of magic, strange creatures and dangerous places. In order to survive here - you need to understand how the things work and put your knowledge into the good use.This game is completely beyond your imagination that brings you to the new experience of gaming. Higly recommended for those who love exploration and magical games!"
76561197977376556,Recommended,242840,16032277,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,small sea_turtle,"i never write reviews, very good game very different 9/10"
,Recommended,242840,15704032,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,LawfulGeek,"I enjoyed my time with In Verbis Virtus, and while the voice rec cost me my voice for a week and possibly gave me an ulcer, it’s an extremely innovating title and I want to know what Indomitus games come up with next.You can read the full review on The Mental Attic:http://thementalattic.com/2015/04/30/review-in-verbis-virtus/"
,Recommended,242840,15547618,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Zess T,"In Verbis Virtus is a unique RPG Magic Adventure game in that instead of clicking to cast a spell, you can use the power of your own voice to cast. Feel your way through the game, memorizing different incantations and beating your foes with magic you created. It has very nice graphics, although if you don't have a good enough processor, all the special effects can slow down your game.Conclusion: In Verbis Virtus is a innovative, immersing, and pretty RPG, although can be difficult without proper software.Overall: 8.5/10"
76561198024329605,Recommended,242840,15615200,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TUmaDO,"I have been playing for a whyle,but after solving the puzzles,now i have no idea what to do,neider the journals as clues what so ever and the tunnels,but this game is really good with voice comands it responds really well,and the visuals are nice,colourfull,there are some bugs,they should gave been solved,but i still see them,like light problems,sort of wierd stuff,the puzzles aren´t very dificult,and it helps with people who have no patience,also get an high defenition microphone for better in game response,i like this game but it needs more work.yes i recommend this game,something original and wierd(i like it!)"
,Recommended,242840,30072800,Posted: 20 February,all,郁闷果实,good game  very funny
76561198074671324,Recommended,242840,23511700,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,King Arthur,"Good game, puzzles are fun and challenging"
,Recommended,242840,23777753,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sadew,"A very fun game, you will feel pretty dorky at first but it is incredibly fun once you get into it. The story is intriguing, and I wasn't expecting a horror game going in but it's not terrible, it does a good job of unnerving you and making you feel vulnerable, but not helpless.I can't speak for the default voice profiles, I did the custom profile which I would avise doing anyway.My onyl complaint is that sometimes there is not a lot of direction on where to go and you can wind up walking in circles or sometimes even struggling to execute the solution to a puzzle after having figured it out. As it stands, I'd give the parts I played a 7.5/10, definitely worth the experience but once I got stuck I found it hard to revisit. $15 or less is a good deal (The 2016 summer sale has it at $8, so if you're interested, I'd say go for it)."
76561198121203990,Recommended,242840,20307630,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,arschy,"Voice recognition makes or breaks these games, and for me it was made great."
,Recommended,242840,15246573,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DoctoR Mo|st,"This is amazing. Let down when I walked into my kitchen in the morning yelling ""lumeh tial"" and nothing happened...much immersive. So happy."
,Not Recommended,242840,16408047,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Reverend Klaus,"Cool, a gimmick with a little bit of poorly designed gameplay behind it. Neat..."
76561197985776266,Not Recommended,242840,25454302,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Corsair,"An epic battle between Wizard and Monsters, as I battled the two tentacled fiends in the depths of this temple. Dodging their initial charge, I struck both with a mark of fire, then dodged away until the runes were fully charged and ready to explode. When the time was right, I shouted 'Unleash the Flames!'And then I yelled it again. And again. And again. And again, a total of nine times, and nothing happened. And then they ate me.Not recommended."
76561198148335442,Not Recommended,242840,16491589,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Claudeycloud,"Insane difficulty and totally no clue for player in some puzzles and especially the flowing fires in the lava room of Chapter2 drive me crazy,♥♥♥♥ the fire! The fires blow me away, blow my plate away, and there are three fires always flying all over. ♥♥♥♥ can you make that easier? I spent 2 hours at that single one room and I failed. I really wannna delete this game."
76561198137749707,Not Recommended,242840,16166462,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,M1n3cr4f1s14y3r,"This game seems like it would be a decent and unique puzzle game. When I bought the game on sale, I was very excited to try it out, but it just wasn't what I though it would be. The graphics and details of your surroundings were just beautiful, and  (I don't know if this was just for me or not but...) the voice recognition was okay, but I had a few problems with it. The rest of the game however, no offens to the devs, it just bad. I have eight hours on this game and haven't finished it or gotten anywhere in chapter 2, because I spent most of my time running around looking for how to get to the puzzle I was trying to solve. The puzzles were initially easy, but getting to them was not. It involves much running around to just find a tiny detail you missed, and it just angered me so much that I stopped playing. The enemies were annoying and pretty buggy for me. Had one enemy just disappear, not sure why still. I don't recommend this game to anyone who wants a decent puzzle game where you spend most of your time actually solving the puzzles."
76561198065963981,Recommended,242840,30640933,Posted: 20 March,all,ismet,"This is literally the game I've been looking for. I recommend to everybody, speech recognition works amazingly well"
76561198048766338,Recommended,242840,11064166,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Mister Lister the Sister Fister,i r8 8 out of 8 m8
,Not Recommended,242840,22669217,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,jefflknight,I literally fell asleep 15 minutes into playing this game.  Perhaps it gets more exciting as you move further into it but there's no incentive for me to keep going.Very disappointing because the trailer makes it seem really cool.
76561198157275613,Recommended,242840,27701443,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dovah,Great puzzles and atmosphere. The voice commands make it a wonderful immersion.
,Recommended,242840,23986857,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jarl Gid,"Awesome concept, well made. Beautiful graphics. All in all there is not a thing I wouldn't recommend about this game."
,Recommended,242840,15256658,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,VigilanceV,Very fun puzzler with a very fun mechanic. I feel like a real wizard! Obese Keanu! Angus Anal! Urmum Tial!
76561198031680406,Not Recommended,242840,15288754,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,civilization,"The voice recognition, on which this game depends, is nowhere near good enough.Roughly two thirds of the time it fails for me, which makes the game an exercise in frustration, especially when some of the puzzles rely on it working several times in a row. It's so bad that sometimes it casts a completely different spell. I guess that if you're lucky enough to have a voice similar to that of the testers you'll probably have more luck, but buying this is a gamble. It's a shame because apart from that one fundamental flaw the game seems pretty good, but there's nothing quite so annoying as controls that don't work."
76561198114298382,Recommended,242840,10237099,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,rachelye91,sounds very interesting and going to try it out
,Recommended,242840,16009541,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,fiftydwarves,"Ok, fine. Stop downvoting my stupid review, I'll write it.Here's why you should buy it:-The voice control is AMAZING. This augmented reality thing is really worth it. It's one of the most pleasant things I experienced in my life, and that includes Cadbury's Battenberg cake.-You can come up with your own silly spells that sound like the original ones, and sometimes they work. For example, Obi Wan Kenobi works as a spell for telekinesis. It's a lot of fun.-It looks pretty.Here's why you shouldn't buy it.-Backtracking-Level design. It's BAD. Not only [see above], but also it's hard to locate important elements in all the jumble that the levels are. At some point I explicitly wanted to find an element in a room and failed, while it was there and was necessary to proceed. At some other point I stuck and used a walkthrough to see what to do, and it said to locate a thing in a room, and it said where, and I still couldn't find it, until I saw a tiny light that was supposed to attract attention to the thing. So success, much triumph.So if you're looking for new experience, and would forgive the virtual unplayability for it, then give it a go. If not, go play some DND and shout spells at your friends. It's much more fun anyway."
76561198071666335,Not Recommended,242840,18048096,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Dacon,I have not started a game. I've done everything according to the instructions on the forum.- re-install- Copied and transcribed files- Disable avgand game doesnt workPlease Refund unplayable for me
,Recommended,242840,19104625,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,L,"Reasons to buy this game:Developing team is 100% italian, and italians do it better.You can cast spells with your voice.Guaranteed nerdgasm when you cast spells talking.Great visuals.Unreal Engine.Fantasy setting.Nipples.You can cast spells with your voice.Reasons to not buy this game:You can't afford it.No Linux support.No Oculus Rift Support.Final Verdict:You can cast spells with your voice.You can cast spells with your voice.You can cast spells with your voice.Additional notes:You can cast spells with your voice."
76561197961439760,Not Recommended,242840,16510853,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Agent Sno0gins,4/10
,Recommended,242840,33315146,Posted: 6 July,all,Meat Vegetable,Yes
,Not Recommended,242840,31529402,Posted: 3 May,all,Monoblos,"I really like the Idea, however I am unable to use my microphone, despite reading through several FAQ's and replacing multiple files (Which are all anonym hosted on google-drive!).In a game that is fully dependent on the microphone I think this is rather pathetic, especially as this is the first application in which I ever encountered microphone issues. Seeing how forums suggest to try several different files makes it look even more unprofessional and like there are now internal fallbacks..."
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,242840,16638805,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Smokey,Among the worst games i bought!the words the game wants you to say (need) to be said 100% as the game wantsand many times game dosent react to your voice commands :/so i cannot recommend anyone to buy this game
76561198038303794,Not Recommended,242840,16384215,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NilValue,"It is a nice concept and I really would have loved to play it but there occured the following situation:There was a puzzle at the start with an eye which I have to approach and then look at it, which I concluded from a hitn within the game and actually this is a nice idea for a puzzle. The problem just was that it didn't work. In a guide there is mentioned that I have to do that: Walk to the eye, then look at it, then there follows a cut scene. It worked after around 20 attempts.The problem I have here is that the idea of that puzzle is nice, but if you get to figure out the correct solution and the event that should follow just doesn't trigger reliably then this is game breaking for me."
,Recommended,242840,28798854,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Onkle.Ride,"exelent jeu d' expedition ,d'aventure. tu progresse dans le jeu en resolvant des solutions afin d'avancer . tu commance dans un dessert et rentre dans un temple ,ensuite tu travers des salles au decors inpressionant tout en resolvant les enigmes avec des formules magique que tu acquere au long du jeu et que tu prononce avec ton micro ' langage inventive du jeu. il y a aussi des ennemis a tue ou exquiver et des decors chaotique epoustouflant . ce jeu a tout d' un jeu d'aventure sans non plus trops d'actions.  pour y rejouer tu necessite d'un back up steam , je le recommande pour quelqu'un qui aime les jeux tranquile et passionnant. recessite un minimum de patiance.  interressant pour un petit prix ou pour le posseder."
76561198053272444,Not Recommended,242840,34324416,Posted: 18 August,all,Shadow Accord,I loved this game...I wanted very much to have other people share in what I thought was a unique and beautiful game. But because of how they listed the price in another country I cant help my friends be able to enjoy it. i LITERALY cant recommend it to my friends as most of them are out of country. :(
,Not Recommended,242840,10218436,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,TheNanopet,"I find it really hard NOT to reccomend this game, because its central mechanic, using your voice to use magic, just works SO WELL! The problem is, as far as I've gotten, I've spent the last four hours in the same damn area, with the same two dull spells, because there are almost no clues about where you're supposed to go in a small mess of samey underground tunnels.You'll go one way and find a dead end, go another way and find a puzzle that you may or may not be able to complete, and go yet another way and find a thing you should be able to interact with but can't for... some reason?The reason I spent four hours on it was because I love using the magic so much that I want to push through and see the rest of the game, but I can't reccomend the game until the rest of it is fixed.Also there's no save feature, and the game can crash randomely on you, but that doesn't much matter when you can't make any progress.Edit: Alright, so after looking online for a few hours, I figured out that when you get to the huge eye temple thing, you have to stand outside of the room it's in, look down at the ground, navigate into the room, look up at the shrine, and hold E, all of which was vaugely hinted at by a plaque in the Mush-room. After a few seconds, you are teleported to the realm of Veritas, who gives you a new power. Unfortunately, now I am stuck again, because the game gave me no more hints on where to go, or what to do, and now I'm worried I'm going to have to do that on every eye in the building. This is less of a review than a cry for help at this point. Anyone?"
,Not Recommended,242840,10386465,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Poltifar,"The spell system is a good concept, but whoever designed the ""riddles"" is an idiot. There's a difference between hard to solve but satisfying riddles (see Antichamber), and needlessly specific/obtuse ""riddles"" that make you feel LESS satisfied after ""solving"" them (this game).I recommend not buying unless you enjoy just reading a walkthrough to play every step (And there isn't even a walkthrough at this point)."
,Not Recommended,242840,29759064,Posted: 7 February,all,Laureus,Totally bad voice control & awful cutscenes. Also ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay.
,Recommended,242840,25202562,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Shiria13,.
,Not Recommended,242840,15287653,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,sonebarry,obxxx
,Not Recommended,242840,12163663,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Palmtop Tigeress,"This game is clunky in both interface and user controls, it's glitchy (Jumps sometimes fall even when landed in the correct place, sometimes you get stuck on thin air, sometimes it doesn't actuate the spell when you say it), and in general came off as poorly made. It had the possibility of being great... but it fell so short of my expectations."
76561198045973228,Not Recommended,242840,23011568,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Down Smasher,The main mechanic of the game is very fun and different. The puzzles are very hard to complete.
,Recommended,242840,29638434,Posted: 1 February,all,Ganjasaiyajin,ok
,Recommended,242840,10205963,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,stuarsiven,jump throw the abysses is much too tough
76561198177952551,Not Recommended,242840,26561396,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,辣雞魔人布歐 >w<,"Don't recommend, it's definitely a good game though. I really enjoy casting spells by my own vocie. However I hate puzzle games, not metion the terrible guidance (There is almost no guidance) . The locations of checkpoints are even worse. You played for mintues and died by accident then you restarted. I hate this kind of setting. There are some puzzles that are just too hard to be worked out. If you just want to enjoy the magic and cast spells to have combats, don't buy this game, Try something else."
76561197997097511,Not Recommended,242840,12767598,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Deadpool,"Do you like wandering aroung dark caves with no idea what or how to do anything? Well this is the game for you.  I looked up a walkthrough and still couldn't get anywhere.And all the things that happen just out of sight is bloody annoying. Why did they make it 1st person if you need a wider view?Oh and shouting at my microphone, when I have no accent to speak of, trying to get the voice recognition to work gets really tiresome after the 50th time."
,Not Recommended,242840,17153197,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Literally Gilda,"Excellent visuals, excellent atmosphere, excellent technology (the voice recognition works far better than i expected).However...Some of the worst level design i have seen in years. You never know what you are supposed to do and often you can only find out by trial and error.There are too many puzzles that require exact timing, overly precise positioning etc. The voice recognition is good, but it's not good enough for that.For instance, in chapter 2, there is a labyrinth. you don't know where to go at first. easy enough, right? now imagine there being enemies in the labyrinth. bit tougher, you have a fireball spell but it needs to be detonated with an additional spell, and the enemies don't seem to die in one hit. bit harder, but still managable.Now imagine that you also CONSTANTLY TAKE DAMAGE while in the labyrinth. Have i mentioned there is a health bar? have i mentioned some puzzles involve platforming, and not making a jump yields fall damage?tl;dr: I came for spellcasting, i stayed for the H.R.Giger inspired visuals and rich atmosphere.... but then i left for obtuse and frustrating gameplay.So only get it if you can deal with that frustration. I also recommend playing this like a point'n'click adventure: with a guide at the ready."
,Recommended,242840,17112316,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Storm Funsoms,"the voice commands works amazingly well, but they're not flawless. sometime when you want to cast fire, it will either try to cast another spell or it wont react, but that is a 1/5 chance that it will happend, depending more on your voice if you're calm, of course.i did not really have any trouble with this game untill the 3rd chapter.. puzzles began to be so wide that there wasnt 1 solid answer, it were small fractions.. as an example, in one puzzle, you have to rotate a platform, block it, and then get some colored light trough a crystal and hit a crystal thing at the platform.. the thing is, you would not know where to shine the light trough, or where/when to block the platform.. if you were just alil off with that one, you gotta do it again. and theres no idication on that.. light puzzles like that has almost no bearing and you just have to take a shot and see the result of that and keep doing that untill you hit.there is combat in this game, and its not realy good.. you would think that, you could cast fire upon them and they'd loose health.. eeh, not that easy.. you see, you gotta cast a fire spell, then wait for it to charge up enough(they charge when they've hit something) and then you gotta make that mark blow up. but the problem is that you'll be too busy running away and waiting to actually know when they're ready, so you'll rather just spam fire spells and blow them up once they hit. cause most of the enemies are so fast that you wont get the time to do everything with controll.those are mostly my only problems with the game. the visiual is pretty, and the sound and music is pretty spot on with the atmosphere. usually i give games a rank, but i am stuck at light puzzles where i'd need a video walktrough to pass. and even then, i'd probly mess up. point is, im too early in the game to rate it properly, but it is worth giving a try if you're into magic and legends. i did enjoy the 2 first chapters"
76561198008302916,Recommended,242840,17053464,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,dirtyCAT,Really immersive with beautiful visuals. Exploration and puzzle solving with added challenge of learning the linguistics for the spells.
,Not Recommended,242840,16949309,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Maestro,"Good job devs, you ruined a perfectly good puzzle game with a ridiculously stupid boss fight.Spoilers follow:Sometimes I wonder what goes on in the minds of the devs. And I'm talking about the one which happens just after the early access part of the game. Simply ridiculous, I have no other word for it. But I should have guessed something was up while replaying after release and having enemies pop up out of nowhere simply to have me kill them. Why does the game need this? This is not Lichdom. If I wanted to backpedal and spam fireballs I would've played that instead.Sure, someone might enjoy trying for 8 hours to figure out some boss fight mechanic, but that's not for me. I was looking forward to more puzzles like in the early access portion of the game, peaceful puzzles, maybe with some environmental factors thrown in.So, to summarize: Don't buy if you hate boss fights and are easily frustrated by them."
,Recommended,242840,17161564,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,MyNamesCool,A really good first person puzzle game. The voice mechanic works well.... unless you're in combat then you're pretty much screwed
76561198024639998,Recommended,242840,16605945,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Zio Topomouse,"I think this is a great game. My only complaint is that it is a bit short, there is a lot of potential for a sequel with a greater scope, both on the gameplay and the lore/setting sides. The voice recognition works very well."
,Recommended,242840,16767188,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,69/113 All-Hero Challenge v7,8/10 i like it mic & spell perfect ^^
,Recommended,242840,16816296,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,VonElhiss,"Totally awesome!  I want more!I been longing for a game with this kind of voice interaction!Takes a few times to learn the spells, to say them right, but thats a fun part too! for me anyway.And the puzzles are a bit tricky, it helps to read all the hints along the way.Havent got far in the game but I do really like it.The graphics are beautiful, but isnt necessary for the game to be playable.I recomend this game to all of those who want a bit of a challanage and more than just a gamepad/keyboard + mouse."
76561198103650955,Recommended,242840,16195828,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,trading defuse kit skins,"It's a very enjoyable game. It's fun, entertaining, and the fact that you cast the spells ith your own voice is creative and amazing. The graphics are nice, too. However, there is no map. There is no objective. It pretty much juts drops you somewhere and lets you find your own way, which is really hard and difficult when everything looks the same. But once you know what you're doing (I suggest walkthroughs) it's a fun, enjoyable, and you can really take in the beautiful scenery. But if you get frustrated when it doesn't tell you to go and you roam around for an hour, then don't play it. Also, I had some problems with the voice recognition.7/10"
76561197998472037,Not Recommended,242840,16129431,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Symon,"While the game looks beautiful, for whatever reason the ability to cast spells drops in and out. It's highly frustrating and requires you to reload, or walk to an old section and back again to get it to register your voice.I would love to play this game, but until that's fixed I couldn't recommend it :("
,Recommended,242840,15619658,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"Playing with voice recognition is not entirely new thing in games, but this puzzle adventure with action elements takes voice recognition mechanics to the absolutely new level, making it a main and the best feature of the game and not just a pleasant addition that could be ignored if you don't have a microphone.Game's plot is another thing as it presents a bleak and a standart story where the main and the only reason for the protagonist's quest is a dead woman. Yes, again.Also, somewhere around the middle of the game the puzzles become confusing and pretty difficult, so the initial fun starts to fade away.Nice game to play with your voice, mediocre at everything else."
76561198041645043,Recommended,242840,15397809,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Praise the Sun!,"An real delight to play. The voice-activated spellcasting mechanic (which on paper seems gimmicky) incorporates fantastically into the gameplay.The odd looks I got from my flatmates were well worth the enjoyment I got from this gem of a game. If you like spellcasting games, puzzles, and banging your head against a brick wall, try this game out."
,Recommended,242840,15256980,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Mr.Grumpy,"What can I say? I'ts unlike anything I've ever played. I mean come on, a game where you actually say the spell to cast it? its awesome! Also this game goes away from the norm in terms of progression. It doesnt tell you what to do, it doesnt tell you where to go. Infact, it doesnt tell you anything. And to add onto that there is hardly even a streamlined path (well for a little bit at least). The game gives you a room and basically tells you to figure it out. Which can be frustrating sometimes becomes it doesnt even slightly hint at what you have to do...those dammed fountain puzzles. But thanks to some amazing people who spent hours figuring everything out, there are some great guides. SO, what am I trying to get at? Well its a beautiful game that has you stuck at every turn with complex puzzles, but if you manage to pass these puzzles you feel very accomplished...only to be stuck for another two hours on the next puzzles.TL:DR This game is beautiful, has really cool mechanics, and is for the puzzle novice and master alike. Just be ready to be sitting in one room scratching your head for a few hours."
76561198080002741,Recommended,242840,15244962,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,richard.daniels62,"Literally so much fun. You're mind will be tested with these seemingly impossible puzzles. But being able to cast spells with your voice is the absolute best, just make sure you're not saying them wrong like i do all the time. As you progress the names of the spells get harder and more complicated and actually have sub spells attatched to them. This is becoming a really fun game and i hope they add tons more to it! I give it a 5/5 and highly recommend it to anyone who wishes to be a mage!watch me play it ontwitch.tv/stoidibro"
,Recommended,242840,15245145,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Halaku,"A very unique spin on fps+puzzle games.The voice commands are surprisingly accurate, the puzzles difficult but rarely unfair, and the general feel of the temple is just the right side of creepy."
,Not Recommended,242840,15268499,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tobyonekenoby,"This game has a lot of potential, nice puzzle for the most part, nice gamplay, fun mechanics but!There is some big problems with this game!the game is not great at explaning where to go, there are only a few maps spaced around at intervals, and they are only semi helpfull. you get a new power, and normal game logic says you have to use this power and continue forward, but not here. you ahve to backtrack and find a small dark passage and do stuff there before you can go the obvious way.but the real big problem with this game is that it is not finished. There is bugs everwhere. Bugs with objects getting stuck when you move them, enemies thrown through the floor when you try and smash them with objects, bugs where the game autosaves (even though there is no such function) right when you die so your die when you reload. (this just costed my my progress because i did not think more saves would be needed for one playthrough.)i recommend you wait till they patched the game. and then buy it. It is a beatifull game with a nice story and great puzzles. but the bugs makes it frustrating to play."
,Recommended,242840,15270730,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,|038|117335|,Get high (I mean on a high floor ofc) and play this game.Don't thank me (actually plz thank me coz I love the attention).
76561198099297640,Recommended,242840,15451038,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,bgustaevel,"Even though this game is not for me, it is still a good game. I love the idea of having to speak a spell rather than just hitting a hotkey or clicking an icon. There is a bit of a learning curve at the beginning, but once I got the hang of it, it's all good.Where things fell apart for me was the OVER ABUNDANCE of puzzle/platforming. Jump here, jump there, miss the jump and start over. I quit playing out of sheer frustration. If I can't even get throught the beginner area....... I realize other people love this kind of thing. I don't. I just like to kill stuff. I'm glad I tried it out. Personally, I won't play it again."
,Recommended,242840,15344791,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Ned,needs  FUS RO DAH!!
,Recommended,242840,15235125,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Tigerhawk71,"Quite an entertaining little game. I enjoy the voice command system for the break from normalcy.If you don't like the concept, you'll probably hate the game since you won't go more than a few seconds without using a chant.Couple things to note:1. The level design is a bit poor. I provide three examples of many:- Journal says stay out of the dark, you must walk around two pitch-black corners to find the light power.- The light ray power room - it allows you to exit the way you came in but you're supposed to continue behind the carving.- In one instance it's intentional (i.e, you read a journal entry telling you that you've lost your way, then it kills you for slipping by a door you can open and it's literally right infront of you to run through). It's poor design, not a clever trick.2. Voice recog is fine - you can train it in the menu if you cannot into proper english and as long as YOU are consistent, it will be too. I've had a little trouble with the fire spell casting the light ray sometimes, but when i speak a bit louder it's fine, so i blame myself for that.3. Thanks for the demon when i have no offensive spells, jerks. You could at least play the Benny Hill theme while i work out the puzzle."
76561198068465977,Recommended,242840,16044225,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Kaarle Karhu,"After a few struggles with bugs which I managed to get rid of by simply playing the game in Windows 7 compatibility mode (I have windows 8) and having to realize the game makes you discover lots of stuff very independently - meaning you really have to keep your eyes open, wonder around and try things - I must say I have enjoyed the game very much so far!The speech recognition works great, although I noticed that in some few cases if I tried to use another spell within the immediate range of some other spell's action area, it might do the required spell despite what you say to the microphone.The atmosphere and music and graphics are beautiful! And yes, the game is heavily a puzzle game, but to me that was no problem because I have always loved puzzle games (I am a long time fan of games like Myst and its sequels). I think the combination of spell casting and puzzles work nicely.And if you are only interested in the spell casting, I recommend trying to catch this game on a discount. It is quite entertaining after all!"
76561198081017615,Recommended,242840,16381807,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Corporal Jackass,"This game, oh my god...this game, oh my god...this game.  Altho it can be agravating at times, it's awesome and...it's the most beautiful game i have come across. Enphisis on the beautiful part.I would greatly recommend this game!"
76561198007855446,Recommended,242840,16382090,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DarkAngelFurioso,I've never uttered this much nonsense in my life immediately followed by curse words.10/10 Would curse at the game hoping it hears me again.
,Recommended,242840,30501234,Posted: 13 March,all,Rainbow_Slayer,"I never thought my small tablet would be able to handle such a beautiful and elaborate game. With a little tweaking of the graphics, it works like a charm. :) Cry played this game a while back, I was very mesmerized and honored now to be able to help the devs with this masterpiece. Sure there are a few quirks and kinks, but I think that they are caused by my tablet. I highly recommend this game for those wanting to actually cast their spells or be more immersed in a game.Have fun devs and players alike!"
,Recommended,242840,21045071,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,thorvindr,"Wow. Not at all what I expected but nevertheless very cool. I was expected more of a combat-centric, Elder Scrolls type game with the added specialness of using your microphone to cast magic on-the-fly. Not at all accurate.In this game, you have no weapons, no items, no equipment or inventory of any kind. You have a journal and a voice. You start out with zero magic. You know how to walk and jump. You soon learn how to make light, then how to make a beam of light, then... well I won't spoil it.In Verbis Virtus is a first-person puzzler. You use the magic you learn in the course of the game to solve puzzles and overcome physical obstacles. The language of magic in IVV is clever. Once you've learned a few spells, you start to figure out rudimentary meanings of individual words and that makes it easier to remember how to combine those words into magical phrases.I'd love to see something like this applied to a game like Magicka. I loved the idea of Magicka but remembering spell combinations and using the interface to cast on-the-fly was too much to hold in one brain all at once. If I could just say a combination of power words into my microphone, it would be much easier.But I digress. IVV is a good-looking game and fun. It's just challenging enough to keep me interested without being difficult enough to be frustrating. Some recent adventure games left you at screen three with no hints, making you google how to progress. Never even crossed my mind to google solutions for IVV. Having said that, I'm only about an hour in so maybe the puzzles get trickier.Bottom line: Very cool concept and well-executed. I'd love to see another game with voice-casting in a different sort of game. An Elder Scrolls sort of adventure or even something like Nox (anybody remember Nox?)."
,Recommended,242840,21352016,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,FrozenFrost,"A fun puzzle game, that can actually be quite confusing.Using the  In game language to cast spells feels cool as heck. until you have like 8 and you start mixing them up like a dork(This might just be me being a potato)The other side of the coin being you can feel like a bit of a tool using regular ol english to cast spells."
,Recommended,242840,21331566,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,HIGHrankr,"*in a mocking voice (aimed at 99% of the neg reviews)* ""OMG it's too hard. what do i do? I really just overlooked this one thing that i was looking for?! But i spent 30 minutes looking for it!""B*tch, play like any metroid game. Understand that the game is good and you're not. Then get better. Casuals :p"
76561198017488538,Recommended,242840,21003617,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Xales,I've just done the part one.... It is really hard and very cool !I love it ! Seek and find clues with your powers !
76561198060504175,Recommended,242840,21121185,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Todo Ventir,"I love everything about this game so far. A beautiful, beautiful puzzle game that makes you feel much more involed in whats happening even though there isn't an abundence of story. Like most puzzle games you can take your time to solve puzzles, which aren't super complex so far. But there are also times where you are put on the spot immediately and time is not something you have.10/10 Would suggest using a decent mic and have the knowledge on how to adjust the levels of it."
,Recommended,242840,21690175,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Skybird Trill,It's really cool you can cast spells with your voice.Interesting !
76561197985060576,Recommended,242840,21825948,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,l0rdmag1us,"Voice spellcasting. I cannot mention enough how awesome this is. I've seen and heard reviews about How the voice spellcasting isn't quite right, but I have have had no issues with it. Even half drunk, slurring and waving my left hand at the monitor as if I'm a real fat, bald internet wizard.Pros:voice spell castingvery good, detailed graphicsthought provoking puzzlescons:Rune of Command doesn't seem to work on my GF or boss"
76561198141804718,Not Recommended,242840,20311672,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,blood 1504,"I do not recomend this game for 2 resons  it is an experimental game  voice recogniton does not allways workfull discloshure here i did not play it to the end and had to pruchase a micrphone to play it .   I got frustrated at the boss battle at the end of chapter one with the looping sound and videoboss is called winged glory  i beleve .I strongly suspect the the  creators have put in some type of quick time event .quick time events for those of you who dont know  also calld  press x or die events .    Are  in a game where  you have to press  a  button  or  a  set of buttons  in a certian seqence in order for something to happen . usually killing a boss  If you have any  sort of god mode cheat  it does not matter  the boss will just continue its seqence untill you press the preprogramed buttons at the corect  time usually very quickleythe graphics are nice  but that dificult boss battle at the end of chaper 1  made me quite playing  If you know what the game space  invaders is just google itNow imagine every time you had to  fire a shot at the space invaders  in the space invaders game you had to push down the left button on your game controler an shout""load  lazer ray ""  then you had to  push down the left control a second time and   yell out"" fire shot .""  for each and every shot .  and you had to  yell for at least 6  min  in order to win the same  5 words over and over again   "" load lazer ray   push left controler  "" FIre shot ""  push left controler and so on . thats what this game is like   watch this video of a person playing to get an idea he has to yell at his computer  for a full  6 minhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvTpRjO5LMoIf  you do decide to purchase this game here is a video  that might be helpfulhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELxLAbEkvt"
,Recommended,242840,22821453,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,MisleadingBanana,"I found myself having a pretty grand time with this nifty game. It has so much mystique to it, and the mechanic of using your voice to activate spells in the game is fleshed out pretty well. After a while, I found out that, instead of the regular words for some spells, you can instead substitute other phrases that activate the same spell for some reason.For instance, there was a spell in the game that I learned is also activated by saying, ""John Cena."" I used that phrase instead so much, that I ended up completely forgetting the other phrase and just used John Cena. One time, I was in a panic and I tried to use that spell, so I ended up yelling out his name several times, and I can only hope my neighbors didn't hear it. They might actually invite me over to their WWE get-together, and just the mere thought of that makes me shudder in fear.Just buy the game, dude. It's a blast, and it has plenty of content."
,Recommended,242840,27038924,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wea Wea Boo,Im a wizard harry!
,Recommended,242840,30277062,Posted: 2 March,all,zhuyidiwow,"I feel like a Gryffindor when playing this game, but it's awkward to play it when some is watching you _(:зゝ∠)_"
,Recommended,242840,31311568,Posted: 22 April,all,MeMosh,"Good puzzle game, the voice mechanics with the fantasy spells are fun for a while, until it comes to a point when I cant manage them anymore, and had to switch to english commands (I have terrible memory and can only hold 3-4 of them at a time) I kinda wish more words on the spells repeated so they would be easier to remember.The parts when you fight enemies are the weakest part of it, but... ok they're terrible. The the lore messages you can find are fun to read.For the price it runs for these days, its a decent pick, and can be a a lot of fun. Pro tip: cast the spells with an evil wizard voice ;D"
,Not Recommended,242840,18064751,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,torbgen,"I was debating getting this game for awhile, but when it went on sale i bought it. I am only a little through the game, but so far it is very entertaning and the voice mechanics are unique. Dont be worried about mispronouncing things, the recognition is very forgiving. 9/10EDIT: As you progress, the game gets kinda boring. I ended up returning it within a few days. The story doesn't progress very fast and gets quite confusing. I still appreciate the mechanics and all but this game could use a revamp. 4/10"
,Recommended,242840,34216660,Posted: 13 August,all,Locksheon,"This is a very good game.  The concept of using your real voice to cast spells is both fun and terrifying.  When a monster is running at you, will you remember which incantation to use?  The graphics are just beautiful, and the story is enough to keep you interested.  Did I mention the graphics?  Phew!"
76561198026635584,Recommended,242840,34606022,Posted: 30 August,all,Runo,Want to be a wizard ?Want to have voice control over your spells ?Want to make yor mom wonder what on earth your upto in your room ?Then ....This is for you !
76561198044439536,Recommended,242840,34378273,Posted: 20 August,all,Helljumper1A,It is a puzzle game where you cast spells some parts are annoying in the later game not really hard it will just have you missing and re trying for about 30 minutes but that was only Two times in the later game so i can forgive it other than that the puzzles were fun.As for yelling into your mic i would suggest joining a discord server with someone else and shout OBI KEHNU a couple hundred times they will love you for it.
76561198096318404,Recommended,242840,25820560,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kvaz,"Cast spells with your voice – truly a one of a kind game.It's really good, and totally worth the sale price. (~$5)I love this game and highly recommend it.Just be a bit patient figuring out how to speak the spells properly (it takes a bit of time).The walkthroughs are also very well done for supporting your progress through the game.-My own walkthrough has some tips and help on what I found particularly annoying."
76561198085734035,Recommended,242840,35499919,Posted: 5 October,all,KANG,Suh dude
