user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,242880,16321951,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Mario Mom,"I was hungryWith 75% of my inventory occupied by bottles and empty guns, but no food or rags, I need to find a source of food. a house to loot, perhaps. I scurry into a forest after the sound of a squadron falls upon my ears; I was in no condition to fight. I wander the forest for a little bit, helplessly watching my vitality droop into the low thirties. I need food, drink, anything.And fast.After crawling through the forest for a few minutes, I hear humming. There is a lone robot here. I scope out the immediate area, hoping to set course away from certain doom. Upon laying eyes on the beast, however, I sit in place, carefully calculating where it is traveling.Because of the shack it was patrolling.I watch the shack and robot from above, as I am stationed on a hill just out of sight. My vitality is hitting the low teens. This shack is my last shot at life; any village would be too far to not starve. This is my last chance, and I need to spend it wisely. I note the robot's steady patrol around the shack, and sprint when he rounds the corner. I do not care if I am seen; I could run after I retrieved any food in the shack, and any other course of action would leave me dead.A meter or so away, I note that I can no longer hear the robot humming. This is either my lucky day, or my last. I got within a few decimeters of the door, so close to life once more.SnapThat is all I hear, and all I need to hear. I am dead. The abrupt and loud snap and accompanying crunch can only mean one thing.I quickly look down to inspect my injured shin, shattered by a perfectly placed bear trap. I quickly try to undo the traps mechanisms, to free myself and run. I am interrupted by a loud click above my head. I look up. I am greeted by the barrel of a large gun, then by a bright light, and darkness. I can feel the ground as I land, I feel it welcome me to a long, peaceful slumber. As I fall into eternal sleep, I am greeted with a lullaby, a familiar song that I am unable to name. It is unsettling, however in the way it is sung, or rather, hummed.And it sounded oddly robotic.Edit: Fixed up some grammar and spelling"
,Recommended,242880,8076231,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Literally Mike Kinsella,"You find yourself pinned, your pistol only has three bullets.You hear those damned voices again. You don't know how many are out there, Just that they will not stop until you are dead.So what should you do? Run, Try to make a last stand? Could you possibly kill them all, Weaken them?You take a peek out of the bushes and see them looking through the grove to your right. They are sweeping to area in a counter-clockwise fashion and will soon near you. So you grab a rock and lob it in their general direction, in trying to keep their soulless eyes away from your hiding place.Success! The rock appears to distract the hunters from your impending ousting. You wait for them to turn their backs to you while they attempt to find the source of the noise.This is your chance! You decide to take out the first hunter you see and make a break for it. You grip your pistol with both hands and start squeezing on the trigger, raising your weapon up in front of you. The crude sights aiming near the sounds of footsteps and crunching of the grass.Now! You burst out of the brush and hastily fire off two shots into the back of one of the automatons before veering into the opposite direction of the group.You hope you sent that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to android hell.You assume you are southbound but you don't have time to check your compass.""I'll try to find a path out of this place later, the only thing that matters now is that this direction is away from those monsters.""Inhuman screeching followed by gunshots breaks your train of thought as bullets whiz past you. Your speed doubles and your heart pounds faster than it has even pounded before. You were never a working man, your legs and heart used to feel as if you had just ran a marathon after you went up the stairs.The fact that you are possibly having a heart attack is the least of your worries right now as a second volley of lead is the more immediate danger.You make it over a hill and believe you have broken the predators line of sight.They will catch up soon, think fast! You leap over a fence and sprint towards a nearby ditch. You lie down in an attempt to make yourself less visible and make yourself quieter. You start piling mud on top of yourself to make some impromptu camouflage.Catching your breath you greedily inhale air for your deprived lungs. You hear voices approach and you slow your breath, hoping that they will ignore you and move past. You hear the wet thumps of metal hitting mud as the pack nears you. Your body tenses up just like the metal demons that are hunting you. You attempt to stay quiet and motionless as they search through the nearby brush searching for you before you finally hear them move on. You lay for what seems to be the longest few minutes of your life before letting out the longest sigh of your life as you reflect on these last few hours and how you nearly died multiple times. The last words you heard before you were deposited on this accursed archipelago echo through your mind.""Sir, You are being hunted."""
,Recommended,242880,17177157,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is definitely unique in the genre of procedurally-generated survival games. Yes, there's a procedurally-generated landscape for you to explore making each game unique but there's a clear goal in the game: you've to retrieve various scattered fragments of a machine spread over five islands and bring them back to a stone circle on the center island. Each island is a randomly-generated landscape but you select a theme for them individually like Mountain, Castle, or Industrial. It helps making each island visually unique as it can become tricky later on in the game remembering which areas you've visited.Actually finding scattered fragments is tricky; despite a white plume of smoke emanating from them, they'll be spread over a wide area and if the weather is overcast or foggy, then you're going to be searching for a long time.A compass point at the top of the screen will show you where the stone circle is located, along with boats which act as save points as well as transport to the other islands. The fragments themselves aren't marked so you've got to start surveying the landscape as best you can while avoiding detection and keeping yourself well fed.What's also interesting is the game gives you a range of starting classes. Although there's no mechanical differences between them, each has a unique set of starting items. The Aristocrat (the default option), Officer, and Gamekeeper have a lot of immediately useful items, like bandages, traps and weapons. The Cook, Inventor, the Old Soak, and Artist are more orientated towards either food or esoteric items.In truth, you could pick any class you wanted because you'll have to scavenge and forage as soon as possible. Your vitality is always dropping and in order to keep it up, you'll need to eat or drink what you can find in various buildings across all the islands. Whether it's some dubious eggs, marmalade, or some nourishing stout ale, keeping your vitality will allow your health to regenerate; if it drops too low then you're going to die quickly in a skirmish.However, Sir, You Are Being Hunted reveals itself to be a mixed bag when it comes to the actual business of being hunted. Often times you'll see a small posse of hunters stroll past not too far from you without worry; others, you'll see a pair simply loitering around some buildings. While initially worrying, you'll soon learn to simply stick to some long grass and avoid them.What's more inconvenient are times where you find hunters sticking really close to a fragment that you've spotted from a distance. It's possible to distract them with a flying bottle, but it's frustrating when the fragment is located on an open patch of ground which means you'll be spotted anyway.Even more annoying is when the landscape works against you and puts a fragment in a really hard-to-reach spot; I found out one of the last fragments I was searching for was on top of a rocky outcrop by the shore. It was inaccessible on all sides, there were two robots patrolling the area, and a big tentacle monster killed me after I spent too much time in the water. Rare as this may be, these situations essentially halt all progress you've made and require a total restart.When it does all come together, Sir, You Are Being Hunted delivers a tense atmosphere that's unlike anything else. When you get close to any robotic hunter, you'll hear gentle music cues that really make you feel the pressure; even just the quirky robotic warbling you hear emanating from your hunters is nerve-racking.As you collect fragments, you'll start to see enemies like the Landowner on the horizon and feel the urgency rise. Finding those fragments as fast as possible suddenly becomes the most important thing you can do. Unlike many games, even though you can pick up lots of items and weapons, you never feel truly empowered and the enemies are never a push over. A pair of basic hunters can still pick you off without too much trouble and believe me, they will.With too many enemies present, Sir, You Are Being Hunted would simply be an open-world shooter, but with too few, it would be boring. While many might find its empty spaces dull, they always carry with them a hidden threat that a pipe-smoking robot has you in its crosshairs with its steely finger on the trigger."
,Not Recommended,242880,10021453,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Artfunkel,"It turns out that a field of grass isn't a very interesting place to hide.Although Sir, You Are Being Hunted bills itself as a stealth game, in reality you will spend most of your time avoiding your robotic foes altogether as you trudge over empty hills in search of the macguffins you need to escape the islands.This is no accident: interaction has been designed out of the game in several ways.Foremost is the lack of any player motivation to approach the robots (save for those which guard each macguffin – more on that later). The best the game musters is its hunger system, which encourages scavenging the abandoned settlements where robots are more likely to patrol. Alas, early on in my game I shot and cooked two rabbits. This simple task, plus occasional visits to unguarded buildings, led to me finishing the game with enough rabbit in my trousers to feed a poorhouse.The wide open terrain also works against interaction by giving the player too much information and too many choices. There isalwaysplenty of warning of approaching bots, and there isalwaysmore than enough space to hide in until they pass. When the player is spotted, running and hiding in the open are both farces.The game compounds all of this with a thinly-spread checkpoint save system, punishing experimentation and killing curiosity. Developers: please stop doing this.With the player relegated to an observer it’s just as well that the bots are fun to watch. Pathfinding AI is robust, with sensible group dynamics, and the designs are imaginative and distinctive riffs on various aristocratic stereotypes.Procedural island generation is also reliable. Yet despite each biome having one special feature (Castle and Industrial, added later in development, shine in this regard) they otherwise all merge into one brown lump. The slightly different items sprinkled on top aren’t enough to create anything memorable and it doesn’t help that they offer no apparent variation in robot behaviour, type or numbers.Which brings me to the subject of pacing. Here it is in one sentence: the more macguffins you collect, the more robots there are. You will otherwise finish the game in the same way you started: avoiding bands of robots until you find a macguffin, then killing or distracting the two (always two!) low-level robots guarding it, then scurrying back to the nearest checkpoint while again avoiding all contact with anything.The letters scattered about try to hang a wider narrative on these bones, but they are so rare that multiple play-throughs are required to join any dots together – and that is not a prospect I relish."
76561198028032565,Not Recommended,242880,13010216,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Sleightblind,"The game is now out of Alpha, which means the developers are considering it more or less finished. In the past I made it clear how disappointed I was with how the game was turning out, and now I'd like to step back and review the game, the developers, and the history of both in their entirety.The game taken completely by itself, with no consideration of the developers or the Alpha development phase, I feel is a decent but flawed stealth shooter. There's some fun to be had in sneaking around in the tall grass, but nearly every other aspect of the game has something wrong with it.Exploring is flawed in that there are far too many ""dead zones"" with nothing interactive in them.Looting is flawed in that nearly all loot is gotten from largely non-interactive buildings, as enemies rarely have valuable things to offer when defeated. This is also a flaw of combat, since the lack of valuable items means there is very little reward for winning a gunfight.Combat is also not exceptionally fun because it doesn't have much gravity. Bleeding can be cured with a single button, health regenerates, and most enemies are weak and easily evaded or defeated.Music doesn't appear to play a large role in the game. I recall hearing an opening theme, which was interesting, but not memorable.Graphically, the game has a lot of heart, which I appreciate, but at the same time it's got a very dated, rushed look. Most objects have bland, flat textures and barely react graphically to light. Even the guns looks like they're made of matte plastic, not wood and steel.The rushed look is present in other elements of the game as well, such as the user interface, which lacks key features like a quick option to discard something (there's no discard button, there's no dragging the item off the inventory screen, there's no icon to drag over, just a context menu opened with M2) or the ability to stack similar items (bullets cannot be stacked once separated, be careful with your rifle ammo).Animations look sped up and choppy, though this may be on purpose for the robots. There are no reload animations, instead the character lowers his guns offscreen and reload sounds are played.And finally, the AI is not exceptionally good at tracking you. Even the searchlight, which can see you even when you're perfectly hidden, will forget where you are if you're near a building.Overall, I'd say it's worth a play if you could pick it up on sale, but it's certainly not worth $20, not for this level of roughness around the edges.Now, taking into consideration this game had an alpha stage in which quite a bit of money was raised for its complete development, and that there are multiple developers who have had years to fine-tune and polish the game, the overall image becomes considerably less positive. Instead of appearing to be due to time delays or personal problems, the lacking aspects appear to be due to developer inexperience or possibly even laziness.It has been made clear to me that the developers are a team of ten or so people with decent but not exceptional talent in making games. It has also been made clear that funding was a large concern for them during development. However, a similarly sized team with inconsistent funding and only two experienced game designers was responsible for the creation of GoldenEye 64, which was lauded as one of the greatest first-person shooter games of all time and maintains that status even now (96 on Metacritic, compared to this game's 63). If a team with similar resources and worse technology can make something so memorable, the only thing keeping the developers of SYABH from doing the same is the developers themselves.It's an unpleasant but well-known fact that game developers who are paid for their work ahead of time can be known to cut corners or even abandon projects at a whim. KickStarter and IndieGogo are rife with such half-finished and abandoned projects. This game, while at the very least playable and somewhat enjoyable, is certainly not finished, and definitely should not have been released from alpha in its current state.And this doesn't even take into account the fact that many of the lacking features were requested by the community, but outright ignored by the developers during the alpha phase. One of the most requested features was interactive buildings, even something as simple as a 3d door that opened when interacted with. All of these were labeled ""too difficult to implement"" by the developers and ignored.This reveals much of their mentality during development. Even during the alpha stage, they'd already decided what the scope of game would be like. Implying that the community had any say in the matter was at best misleading and at worst outright lying. Furthermore, since they already had the finshed project in mind, releasing the game from alpha stage is a sign that they consider that pre-defined scope nearly reached. The fact that they're currently working on additions that do not expand gameplay, such as bugfixes for already implemented features and controller support, seems to enforce this conclusion.I bought this game when it was on sale during its alpha phase and followed the development for quite some time before it became apparent to me that these developers were not going to produce a finished game. It appears instead they've opted to produce the bare minimum according to their own standards and not the community's. I'll say again, this game has heart, but it just doesn't have enough life in it currently for me to recommend itAnd unfortunately, it looks like it never will."
,Recommended,242880,14873129,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,peremptor,"This game provides a good challenge to those that enjoy a methodical and patient approach to solving a problem. The problem in this case is gathering 15 parts of a device that will allow you to escape the archipelago of death you're currently stranded on.It all starts swimmingly well with the first piece right next to you but the closer you get to victory, the more persistent and diabolical the automate that besets you becomes. For you are not just being hunted, it seems like the whole of the species is in season and you're the only one left in the vicinity so other than the supplies you can scavenge, you are very much alone against what at first seem insurmountable odds.It's not so bad after some practice but it takes the patient and persistent sort. If that's you then you are in for a treat. Enjoy.ADDENDUM: MULTIPLAYER IS  HERE... taste old british steel up your♥♥♥♥♥♥in fine co-op style! Don't forget the Scones!"
,Recommended,242880,13713946,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Drevlin,"Far between are the times I am completely engulfed in a game these days. More often I play something for a few hours and then I tire, or remember something else I should be doing. Perhaps games have simply lost it's magic for me, doing what I do for a living. Or, more likely, I am old, jaded and I can't really be bothered anymore. With that said, when it does happen, I do make a point of giving a shout out:Sir, You are being hunted is wonderfully moody, brilliantly paced and time-wastingly-but-I-don't-care immersive!If the idea of sneaking through an english-ish/moor-ish landscape in a tweed jacket, and every now and then stumble into a small village where you can loot for tea and biscuits or sitting by the coast while gobbling down a bottle of whiskey to restore your health (Pay attention, kids. A lesson for life right there!), all the while avoiding posh, tophat wearing, cigar smoking robots appeals to you, I whole-heartedly recomend it.If that doesnt appeal to you, I'd say give it a try anyway. Because clearly there is something wrong with you and maybe this game can make you right.Open world, procedually generated, sneaking mixed with looting and survival. And oh, so moody!"
,Recommended,242880,16829164,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,jbfink,"I'm recommending this, but it's not a strong recommend. Picked it up during a monster Steam sale -- I think for like 90% off or something -- and it was definitely worth the ~$3CAD but probably not the full price of >$20.Sir (or Madam), You Are Being Hunted is a sandbox first-person stealth game set in a vaguely Edwardian time period where you, the protagonist, get stranded on a series of islands and are hunted by murderous robots. Your goal -- to travel to each island (five in all) and acquire pieces of a machine to transport you to safety. All the while, you have to mind your hunger and scavenge for items like food, bullets, weapons, and alarm clocks. The islands are procedurally generated with each game with a choice of one of five biome types. I really like the procedural islands; each biome is different and they feel natural and well thought out. On the default setting, the game starts with a few robot  hunters and, as you collect more pieces, ramps up the difficulty until finding those last pieces becomes seriously difficult.The good and the bad (caveat: I haven't finished the game yet because of the serious difficulty mentioned above):Good:Procedural generation: I'm a sucker for it, my favourite game genre of all time is roguelikes, and this is roguelike-y in random generation of the islands, the buildings and the enemies.Stealth: this game is at heart very stealth oriented, inasmuch as even if you do find weapons going in with guns blazing, even on the lower levels, is not a winning strategy. Bullets are scarce, weapons are scarce, and there are way more of the enemy than there is of you. It's entirely possible to play the game without shooting any weapon at all, which I find refreshing.Graphics: I game on Linux, which okay, I'm already at a disadvantage, and I game with a low-endish business model Thinkpad, which again, problematic, but the game is smooth as anything on my machine and still is graphically nice to look at. Well, ""nice"" in that the game is simulating a depressing English countryside, so colours are muted and browns, grays, dull greens abound, but that's ok.Sound: Surprisingly this game is *very* sound oriented. Don't try to play without having your sound on; you'll get clobbered. You'll need to hear the robots approaching -- each type has a distinctive sound -- in order to avoid them. There's an option in the game to turn on an indicator, which puts a little Metal Gear Solid-ish ""!"", ""?"" above the robots' heads to gauge how aware they are of you, and this is *invaluable* - at least if you're playing the game without headphones -- but even so you'll have to listen hard to survive.Repeatability: There are *lots* of options to tune the robots appearances and numbers. I haven't messed with this yet as I want to finish the game on the default, but it's great to have something beyond ""Easy, Medium, Hard"" for difficulty.Gender: It's a small thing, but the fact that you can pick your gender is a good one. More games should do this.Bad:Stealth: hey wait, didn't I just put stealth in the ""good""? Yeah. But in this game you spend a *lot* of time crouched in reeds or ducking behind buildings while all the while your vitality trickles to zero. This does present a nice amount of tension to the game, but the islands are *big* muthas and finding the pieces without the piece detector is hard enough; trying to find them blind is *really* hard. And when you've spent hours combing an island to find that last piece, while all the while the *hordes* of robots that populate the endgame are shooting you, trapping you in bear traps, running you over with rocket horses, and biting your foot it gets real frustrating real fast.Sound: I have a mild hearing disability and I don't particularly like games that are super dependent on sound, so I sort of resent the fact that I *have* to have sound turned on in this one. Not sure how it would work without it though.Items: The primary way one gets ahold of things is by searching buildings for them, and there are a *lot* of junk items you can't actually do anything with. I would love an option to turn off junk items because it's annoying to go to a door and just find bones. You can't do anything with junk -- not even throw it as a distraction -- so I'm not sure why the designers included the junk items in the game at all. As far as I can see, they serve no purpose beyond annoying window dressing.Buildings: The buildings look great, but you can't go inside them. They exist solely as a cache for (mostly) junk items. The game would be improved greatly if you could enter a building and peek out a window, or have, say, fixed items to heal damage, like beds or something. Instead they're basically giant crates.I'd say, eh, three and half stars out of five to four stars out of five depending on your tolerance for frustration in the difficult endgame."
76561198035321358,Recommended,242880,16234887,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,LittleMountain,"A nerve-wracking survival experience, guaranteed to make you terrified of robots, the British, and British robots."
,Recommended,242880,8864169,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Timmeh928,"Having just finished the game no more than an hour ago, I felt it appropriate that I write an honest review. ""Sir (or Madam), You Are Being Hunted"" is a 'procedurally-generated' first person shooter, set in a hilariously extreme British world, where robot gentlemen hunt humans for sport.The game does a lot of things right. The setting is unique, as is the plot. Your job, as the human, is to survive against the robotic apocalypse and track down fragments of a teleportation device that will get you safely out of this 'tweedpunk' nightmare. There are 25 fragments, scattered across five islands. If and when you are caught, the robots will not hesitate to shoot. Should you lose all your health and fall to the ground, you'll be sent back to the place where you last saved.An impressive array of weapons awaits you, however, should you pick and choose your battles wisely. There are weapons ranging from the close-encounter woodcutter's axe to the fine hunting rifle, along with a pistol, shotgun, and blunderbuss. Ammo is scarce, and should be conserved.Along with ammo and weaponry, there are foodstuffs and bandages. If you've ever played Minecraft, you understand that eating food doesn't refill your health. It refills your hunger, which when close to 100%, heals your health. Sir, You Are Being Hunted is very similar. As you traverse the British countryside, your vitality will drop. Eating food will raise that, which will in turn raise your health, should you be recovering from an encounter.tl;dr, This game is great. You'll laugh, you'll jump, and you'll have a heck of a lot of fun. I totally recommend this game, to anyone who enjoys stealthy shoot and loot type games."
76561198081450332,Recommended,242880,12652779,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Iso Koala,"I give this game thumbs up because I appreciate the idea of it, and want to support developers trying to do something different. Yet, it was a mixed experience overall. My biggest issues were;1)The trailer is quite misleading. The game has pretty gloomy and dark atmosphere, not comical as the trailer was. So my initial feeling was disappointment, because game was nothing that the trailer made it look to be. But eventually, the atmosphere of the game stands on its own. Just be prepared that the game is not as funny as the trailer.2)I didnt feel that the procedural system adds anything to the game. The environments are made randomly for each playthrough, but there is not enough variery in the landscape patterns to make any worthwhile differences via procedural system. Its the same barren lands, and having the same trees in little different places doesnt really enchant the gameplay. The game is not a roguelike either. When you die (and you die very easily), you dont start the game from a 0, but just load a checkpoint. This imho kills the point of randomly generated world, since you dont need to really adapt into new world every time you play it, like you would do in Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy, Spelunky, etc. In this game, I kept thinking that it would be much better, if the open world was well planned solid world full of unique situations, instead of a procedural world.3)Sneaking is too hard, and too punishing. The distances in the game are very very long, and most of the gametime you will be running from point A to B, without really sneaking. But when you reach a point where you ""must"" sneak, often its better just to shoot the enemy who is in your way, and run away as fast as you can. Doing proper sneaking can take a lot, lot of time, and getting spotted by enemy when too near to them is almost 100% death to you, which will mean a lot and lot of time wasted due to rare checkpoints. If you run and gun instead, you will lose only a 1-2 minutes of your time (most spent on running), instead of 10-20 minutes you would spend trying to sneak properly.Overall I was somewhat disappointed with the game, but liked the idea and style of it enough, that I wish the developers move into a new interesting and unique projects soon. Apparently this game is getting a multiplayer someday, but IMHO its waste of time of the devs, and they should just make a new game instead. For time being, I can still recommend this game to the people who are fascinated by the idea, even though it has its share of problems."
,Recommended,242880,7741319,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,deathdogdinosaur,"this game is so scary if you play in the silence and dark, but even if you don't it's endless fun. Despite the difficulty, i seriously recommend picking this game up when you can."
,Recommended,242880,7906030,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Pixeldoggy,"This game is genuinely scary and suspensful, being hunted by gentlemen robots with almost no way to fight (unless your lucky and find a gun) is more terrifiying than I would've expected, I've jumped several times when they beep as they've spotted you! I give it a 8/10"
76561197984859340,Not Recommended,242880,32378861,Posted: 12 June,all,Perry the Platypus,"This is one of those games that ""could"" have been great. It started out strong and showed promise but as soon as the developers could stamp 1.0 on it they abandoned it to work on another project. It is currently a buggy mess with some stiched on multiplayer support. If you like the concept and want to sneak around avoiding robots in single player or with friends and dont care about the bugs then give it a try. If you want a game that has developers who fix bugs and improve their game over time, I can't recommended this one."
76561198148677309,Recommended,242880,18048056,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,archideous,Me being British i can confirm this is exactly like britain
,Recommended,242880,20427604,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,CrimZone,"Sir, i'm afraid to tell you this, but it seems that you're being hunted.*Read it with british voice*This it's not like other games of its genre, i mean, in other games you escape from zombies, aliens and even robots, but what about british robots ?Sir, You are being hunted, is an indie stealth sandbox, in which after you (for a strange reason) create a time machine you got teleported to a twisted dimension in which english robots control the earth, as the new supreme race they will not rest until eliminate the humanity.The hunting season has begun.The objective here it's collect some kind of magical stones and retrieve it to a monolith to return home, not an easy task.About gameplay mechanics, Sir, You are being hunted gives to you the option of generate your own world in which you will be chased, mountain landscapes, rocky highlands, a woodland, etc,just choose your grave.Something that i loved is the great variety of enemies, you will never be bored of this, trust me, this game hassince the classic weak enemies up to a big badass robot.The background sound can be boring sometimes if you aren't being chased, but when you're in trouble music does its work and make those situations a great experience.Graphically looks a bit odd but at the same time marvelous.This game definetily sounds like a great challenge and it is due the weird save system,the save point it's a boat and it's too far from the objective, if you don't put enough attention and you die you will have to begin again from your boat losing your progress, and yes you can save it as many times as you want, but with a big map, will you walk 5 mins each time you want to save ?With tea and biscuits this game will make you hate a bit more the english robots (or even the poeple).But the question is ... Did your head will be with the others in the smokestack or you will live to fight another day ?10 / 10If you found this review helpful you can find out more at ourCompleting the Backlog's Curator page."
,Recommended,242880,16352987,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,super man,"Go to new fresh islandSet bear traps near the boat so I can collect some juicy rabbits when I come backSearch the islandCollect all magical rocksDecide to just sprint back to the boatBig spooky landowner robot sees meThe chase is onGetting close to boatStep in one of my own bear trapsLandowner is getting closeOpen inventory, use plyers to get out of bear trapLandowner is pretty closeRunning for boatSo close to boatStep in another bear trapTry to use plyersIt's too lateLandowner kills me with his magic stick of stunGood game, do recommend.Edit: editing the review for badge"
,Recommended,242880,19862274,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zachybewacky,Had an entire army of robots chasing me through a town while i played a tuba. 10/10 best band camp ever
,Recommended,242880,12698479,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Swuu,"I have no idea why this has such a bad metacritic score. Maybe im fanboying here, but this game is awesome if you play it the right way.I've started without watching any trailer, without knowing anything about the game. Just after a few minutes I got into the system and immediately felt the survival aspect. After gathering some orbs, a new robot comes into play, which is a cool feature itself, but the discovery of it is the main thing. Wandering through the woods and seeing just a glimpse of a robot you have never seen before, wanting to get a closer look but without risking your life.I have to mention, I don't use the save-function. I play 'hardcore' which adds some more of the survival instinct and makes me overthink my actions. As the maps are all random generated, it makes sense to start over from a whole new map.As there are 5 different Islands and each one has its own theme, it is again all about the discovery, still in mind that some robot could spot you while you are admiring an interesting building or strucuture. The balance between ""I really want to see what that is"" and ""I hope it doesn't kill me though"" is perfect.Like I said, it might be the fanboy effect I'm suffering from, but I got this from various chases through the woods, resulting in a firefight in a small village, while trying to get some robots into a trap I originally set up just to gather another one of these crystals.This game is brilliant. You really, really should try it if you like the thrill of survival and discovering the mysterious unknown."
,Recommended,242880,24770067,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jean-Claude de Fraud,"NOTE- If you're going to write a review for this game, or any game, please, for everyone's sake, play the game for MORE THAN AN HOUR.I personally feel that a lot of negative reviews towards this game are incredibly unfair. People forget that this is not Metal Gear, it's not Ghost Recon, it's not Assassin's Creed, and it CERTAINLY is not a copy/paste of other survival genre games. Allow me to rebuke some negative comments I've heard about this game.-Yes, the game plays slow. Sometimes, it plays slow as hell. Obviously this is not a style of gameplay for everyone. This DOES NOT, however, mean the gameplay is faulty. Sir is a game about survival at it's core, and you are intentionally given few options to fight back. Sneaking is your alternative to fighting, and if staying slow and steady isn't your cup of tea, don't ruin this game's credibility by calling it broken gameplay. And for the love of mercy, yes, standing up in an open field WILL get you seen and that is NOT unfair gameplay!-I've read complaints about guns being useless due to their noise attracting enemies... um, duh. That's what guns do. Unprofessionalism aside, I actually really enjoyed this feature. It adds a tense cost/effect relationship to defending yourself that very few survival horror games honestly have. You can't just shoot an enemy, walk two feet, hide, and not get spotted; besides, I've used guns in this game a number of times and I've NEVER been spotted but once or twice after using them. Shoot a robot to avoid being seen, loot his scrawny metal♥♥♥♥♥corpse, and run like hell before his buddies show up. Seriously, if you're having trouble because you haven't played the game before, it takes PRACTICE and TIME to learn how to survive using what you're given.-The axe... okay you guys win, the axe needs to be fixed. It's realistic! The problem is, eh, it's too realistic, and because the enemies are as aware as they are in this game, it's damn near impossible to use the axe for its intended purpose: sneaking up and attacking enemies from behind. That being said, perhaps some tweaks could be made. Make the axe do more damage so robots can't just run away when you hit them, even if they've spotted you. Use the axe to cut lumber and build a campfire. This item really does need to be made more useful.-The save mechanic also needs to be addressed. Because of the game's slow nature, players are unable to return to a boat or the standing stones before being surrounded by hunters. Perhaps a feature could be implemented allowing players to find books that they can ""use"" to save their progress on the move, but maybe like ink ribbons in Resident Evil they're a one-use item. Also, can we please get more standing stones than just the one at the central island? I can't stress enough how much longer this game honestly gets having to make trips one piece at a time between islands.In short, there are a few flaring issues with this game, and they should be addressed. However, a lot of people who write down on this game seem to share something in common: they've barely played it for an hour or two, and they've already decided they know exactly how the game works. This is not a game you can just pick up and play; it's trial and error. Sure, it can be tedious, but that doesn't make it a bad game. If anything it makes it a dynamic game. The lesson of Sir is that survival is hard, and should not be taken lightly. Speeding through it, wantonly fighting robots, and getting impatient WILL GET YOU KILLED. So please do keep in mind, sir, that you are being hunted (nailed it).I personally recommend this game to anyone looking for a new experience when it comes to survival horror. While Sir isn't necessarily horrifying, it's pretty damn chilling the first time you're dropped in, and it takes a lot of getting used to. SO: if you get this game, be patient. If you don't like it, oh well, it's not your thing. Now go out there and... don't die. I guess. Good luck."
,Recommended,242880,14484893,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,EmojilessPsykopat,"+ originality+ great atmosphere+ aesthetics+ mystery- gets old quick- little dynamic to how the game is played- little progress- feels like game is unfinished, something essential missing - especially towards the endIn the end I recommend this for interesting ideas."
76561198062505138,Not Recommended,242880,32026878,Posted: 28 May,all,seanoskea,"I really wanted to like this game. The quirky British humor, the (slightly) steampunk feel, and the overall concept seemed great. The randomly generated maps at first seemed cool until you realize it results in low-poly, meaningless landscapes with aimlessly populated AI and rewards. The only way to survive in the game is to move at a snail's pace as once you are spotted you can start the countdown on how long until your dead. That means you're crawling across a vast, pointless, kind of ugly, computer-generated map looking for glowing lego pieces. There are only a handful of tactics all basically variations on the classic 'throw the bottle--distract the bad guys.” As many people have pointed out it’s an unfinished game and $20 is too much for a game that feels like a demo. In my attempt to give it a fair go I went over the 2-hour return limit. I wish I’d stopped sooner. IMO the only way this game would be enjoyable is if you are in a very 'altered-state', or very bored with A LOT of time."
,Not Recommended,242880,10023976,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Soundchaos,"I like the concept of being hunted, but the execution left me disappointed. I expected the rush of being the target of a manhunt, but got a scavenger hunt with a heavy emphasis on inventory management. The procedurally generated worlds look nice, but are often repetitive and mostly empty. Optimizing a limited, grid-based inventory can be time consuming enough to break immersion. Having limited inventory for a game like this is great, but having to reorganize a grid-based inventory to pick up an item when enough space is availabe is annoying (has anyone ever felt like they were being hunted when playing with Tangrams?). Buildings break immersion since they function as treasure chests instead of buildings. (I knew that going into the game and thought it wouldn't bother me, but I was incorrect).Unfortunately, Sir, You Are Being Hunted fails to make me feel like I am being hunted and breaks immersion too often to maintain my interest."
,Recommended,242880,2863930,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Vintage Pottery,"Sir (or Madame, yes there is a choice!), You Are Being Hunted is a magnifcent game. It's a tense game of cat mouse where factions of ""tweedpunk"" robot hunters scour the dreary British archipelago looking to hunt down, you start with only some basic healing items and bincoulers. You can find weapons by searching houses and sheds and even rubish bins. Although attempting to fight the robots should genreally be left as a final option as the fighting mechanics are purposefully left shanky, floaty and with high recoil as you play a scientest not a soldier and the robot hunters are a much better shot then you will likely find your self, outmanned, out gunned, and low on ammo. The game balances funny with suspense, the randomness of the archpealgo generation makes for reat fun as hiding in a wheat field less then a foot away from a hunting party holding my breath waiting for them t pass away far enough to make my move towards the town they had just departed from is one of the best moments I have felt in game in a long while. The game is not yet complete yet already gives so much that you definetly already call this a time sink. I can't wait to see what future updates Sir (or Madame), You Are Being Hunted will bring!"
,Not Recommended,242880,12745114,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Riiakhan,"This game becomes repetitive really quickly and doesn't have enough content in it to make it worthwhile the amount of time it'd take to finish it. You have to find pieces scattered around generated islands and bring them back to the starting position to do 'something' (What that something is I don't know, I never finished it). As you progress new enemies will appear that will ramp up the difficulty. The way I see it this game has 3 main elements, combat, stealth and exploration.The exploration aspect of the game is extremely lacking as there is rarely anything interesting to find. Just more and more houses to scavenge for supplies and the occasional 'something' piece. You can find diaries and stuff that help you understand the setting but they are rare'ish loot and without them there is barely any kind of narrative. It's just not fun to explore because there is nothing worth finding. Just more random houses that does nothing.The combat in the game is boring, I understand that it is not meant to be a combat oriented game and that you need to preserve your resources in order to survive long-term, but whenever combat 'does' happen it is extremely clunky. I ended up just sitting behind a wall and then waiting for a robot to pop around the corner so I could blow the head off and that's it. There are traps you can use (which are especially useful for the robot dogs) but the enemies might not walk into a trap and then you might be♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck.And finally, the stealth, in order to not attract attention you need to sneak around sometimes but when you progress far enough into the game it becomes a necessity to stealth in order to avoid being cluster♥♥♥♥ed by dogs. The problem? It's a sandbox world where you have to travel large distances. It isn't fun to move the speed of a slug when all you want to is to just get another damn 'something' piece. The stealth works well enough on its own merits but the problem is the amount of distance you need to travel 'and' the necessity to use stealth. It becomes tedious real fast.The setting is really interesting, the enemies are well designed, the concept behind stealthing around and using resources is great. But the gameplay is boring, repetitive and tedious.What the game needs is a stronger narrative, it needs to ditch the generated islands in favor for consistent set-pieces, it needs to polish the resources system, the healing system and the combat system. It needs to have something more worthwhile to find while exploring, like unique mini-bosses, NPC's, locations, puzzles and traps. And it needs to ditch the extremely repetitive ""Fetch 24 'something' pieces"" for a more clear and focused story.If a sequel does what I just suggested then I'm definitely getting it. But 'this' game? It ain't worth it. Even on sale."
,Recommended,242880,11185895,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Bucchus,"Tweedpunk for people who want S.T.A.L.K.E.R.y scary sneaky stealth survival scavenging s...gameplay. It's funny when you find alarm clocks and trombones more useful than firearms.  It plays kind of like a hybrid of Don't Starve and FPS sneakers. The procedural landscape generator is neat for exploration fans and the lonely hostile atmosphere is excellent. The difficulty of the world ramps up as you progress and more twisted robot surprises join the hunt.It's not an AAA-budget title, so some people might be disappointed by compromises like you can't enter buildings, only loot them from outside. At full price it might not appeal to everyone but discounted it's a very nice grab. Apparently it's going to get multiplayer modes in the future."
,Recommended,242880,14005942,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Bacon Brad,"I ate mushrooms that ""seemed legit"", tripped balls, and ran 30 minutes through the British country side while robots shot at me. When I got home I played this game and it was alright."
,Recommended,242880,9761834,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Skrrt Skrrt,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a great game for those that like to play a survival/stealth shoot 'em up. It can be quite tense at times and you will sometimes find your self in some tricky situations like you are pinned down in a corner by three robots with no bandages and one more shell in your shot gun, do you shoot one and get lucky and get some bulets or do you run and try and hide for no more than your life and a bag of mints9/10Highly recomended"
,Recommended,242880,23677574,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,FinSaver,"First off, I have had this game for a while and I really like it. I has a creepy and ominous feeling to it and it really adds to the atmosphere. The inventory system is kind of weird to get used it but it teaches you to keep what isabsolutely neceassaryfrom junk. Overall, I'd say it's a good buy. BUT, and I say this because it should be fixed, after you complete the centre island, the robot spawning on the other islands is crazy. You could do one thing and then be surrounded by 20 robots (I say 20 because this happened to me twice.) You can change the spawing rate which I suggest you do because if you don't it makes the game extremely difficult. Other than that, it's great."
,Not Recommended,242880,26127687,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,oBerry,"It was amazingly fun... for two hours. There's not really too much replay value. After your first couple of games, there's no real new content and it just gets stale as you figure out how to beat even the hardest AI. I would give it an outstanding ovation if it had more than 2 hours worth of content. But at $20... I can't recommend. $5 would be a pretty good price to buy this game at."
,Recommended,242880,12280475,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Thicc-imides,"THIS GAME IS:10% luck20% SKILL15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL5% PLEASURE50% PAINAND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.On the other hand i highly recommond buying this game due to its unique man hunt  and DayZ like style. The only Con about it is that the game itself can get boring after completion, support the Devs in order to get a multiplayer version soon!"
,Not Recommended,242880,13969596,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Hams,"Great concept, abysmal execution. None of the stealth mechanics are all that new or fun. The environments that I saw were largely empty and what wasn't empty wasn't interesting. Scavenging for supplies = clicking on the door of a building which only opens up an inventory menu of what is inside. While the enemies can be dangerous, it typically isn't very rewarding to defeat them.By the description this is exactly the kind of game I would love but there just wasn't anything about it that made me want to keep playing and judging by the 'updates' there never will be."
,Recommended,242880,18051829,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,RepuTAYtion (rockworm),You know a game is good when you play for nearly 10 hours straight finish it and only want to play all over again.  Survival games are a dime a dozen these days so this one adds a refreshing twist of being about robots after you instead of zombies or whatever every other game on the market does anymore.  There's personality to it that cannot be matched.  Randomly generated islands with an actual goal that doesn't include just survive another day.  Those can be fun but having an actual objective helps a whole lot.  The tension of hiding in some grass as 10 robots are searching the area is incredible.  How to get this piece when you're out of ammor or dont' have any distraction items?  A survival game where stealth is the ideal solution is great!  I want more of this!  I want Big Robot to expand on this formula.  Make a sequel where the maps are bigger.  More variety in landscapes would also be nice.  Either way this is rather short but has limitless replay value.
,Recommended,242880,14044160,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Mr.Cypher!,"Have Some Tea And Biscuits My Good Chap!Hello all lets sit down and have some Tea and Biscuits and talk about Sir,You are Being Hunted.I really like this game! The mix of FPS ,Stealth and Survival mechanics come together pretty nice in this game.The controls are your standard FPS set up,so its cake if you play any fps games. I think what grabs you the most and draws you in is the look and the atmosphere of this game. This is what a good team does with the Unity Engine (Incomeing Unity Haters in 5...4...3...2...1.. :P ).The only draw back i think this game is missing is 2 things Co-Op and Steam Workshop !! I think these two things would have brought me over the top with this title!But all in all a killer single player game!{Hold on governor...Just got this new news over the call box} Wait what... You mean they added Co-Op ??? GOOD SHOW OLD CHAPS !!!So if you havent by now put down your Tea and Biscuits and go Pick this game up !!! CHEERS!!! PIP PIP CHEERIO!!!"
,Recommended,242880,6103314,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Shadow Hugger,Quintessential Britishness wrapped in a layer of survival-stealth-action gameplay.
,Recommended,242880,12372299,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Plissken,"Having recently finished a ritual slog through the rebooted ‘Thief’ (How I forced myself to play through the entirety of that dross I can only attribute to some kind of rabid frothing loyalty to the genius of the original) anyone could be forgiven that thinking that stealth – and I mean real stealth (Forgetteth not Original Thief, Hitman: Blood Money, System Shock etc.) was surely dead. Perhaps the harsh unforgiving landscape of the original hard-core PC genre is simply too much for the AAA studios of today to stomach - given how most of their output has become about as creatively impotent as Michael Bay directing the latest Transformers snore-fest. Well it turns out not all is lost as once again an indie darling swoops in to save the genre with the excellent (if not perfect) Sir, you are being hunted.But steady on now dear boy! What’s it all about?Starting with a wonky hand drawn cutscene (Though narrated by an excellently plummy butler voice-over) the simple premise is presented: Being stranded on a series of very British Isles you are tasked with recovering a series of scattered mystical stone artefacts to activate a kind of magical Stonehenge endgame – a simple but effective plot device not only permitting but encouraging the open ended ramble you embark on. Oh - and all the while avoiding the murderous but delightfully polite gentlemen robots who, if you didn't quite catch it already, are out to hunt you.Go on then, spill the beans! Is it any good?Endeavouring to avoid the very British habit of meandering around the point I should start by stating the most important thing you need to know: The stealth works. And golly is it a thrilling chase! Sir, makes use of its gloriously procedural open(ish) world and enemy placement to generate a genuinely compelling rhythm of long eerie walks, interrupted by tense moments of avoidance as you slip by patrolling hunters and the occasional run in with live fire in response to which you mostly run for the hills (But often rather the safe bosom of stealth-friendly shrubs and long grass).Details man, I need the details!While a shocking amount of AAA games still continue to pile on such migraine inducing modern videogame tropes as overzealous tutorials, quick time events and general (Console era) hand holding, Sir, plays like a greatest hits of all the classic stealth and RPG mechanics of 90s with a dash of the modern survival genre throw in there for good measure. You will manage a classic grid style inventory system. Your enemies will not patronise you with obnoxious alert level visual indicators. You will bleed out in seconds unless you brought bandages with you (And can apply them fast enough). You will not be guided by point defeating objective markers. You will shoot, cook and eat pheasant if you want any chance of surviving your time in the country. In short – jolly good times ahead!With its short but well-structured runtime Sir, can also evoke some very special moments of player agency. Its clever reinterpretation of the classic scaling challenge/empowerment mechanic, invite new opportunities for emergent character development: Building resources and confidence you can eventually embolden yourself to take on the hunters - the cathartic fantasy of transformation from prey to predator or Garret the Master Thief to Gordon Freeman if you like. However with stealth and avoidance mechanics as enjoyable as they are you’d certainly not be missing out to ghost you way through the entire experience given your ruthlessly oppressive and increasingly thorough adversaries.Oh, and did I mention it’s quite funny? Yes indeed. It seems no one is better at capitalising on the pastoral, fox and hound theme than mocker-in-chief (And game designer) Jim Rossignol – a Brit himself. I’m not sure the quintessentially British sense of humour will tickle everyone’s fancy but if the image of homicidal robots drinking tea is enough to muster a chuckle you’ll probably be ok.So, you’re saying it’s rather good then?Sir you are being Hunted is an inspired stealth gem not to mention a legitimate vision for the genre’s future. Despite its modest graphics chops, Sir, evokes a mythical version of the British countryside we almost forgot existed. The pervasive sense of danger, juxtaposed against that ancient, almost ethereal beauty conjures a unique sense of place that will linger long in the memory after your short adventure/ordeal ends.Well then - Bloody good show! Carry on.If you liked that piece check out my game review site:www.tonnochiroad.comThanks for reading. Cheers Guys!"
76561198042283028,Recommended,242880,23755558,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Yog-Sothoth,"This is one of my favorite games. Like black licorice, it's not for everyone, but some people will find they really enjoy it. The replayabillity isn't the best, but I enjoy picking it up every other month when my library feels dry and I don't want to try anything new. I just started to play in multiplayer with my brother, and that is where I've had the most fun so far. I generally pick a flat cap and a red coat, pretending I'm a russian scientist-- slav squating and complaining about the lack of vodka. If you have a bit of an imagination and know how to play a rusty trombone it's hard to beat this game. On a seperate note it runs quite nicely on my laptop, the music and atmosphere really capture depressing English weather and I haven't encountered any bugs since the ghost dogs clinging to people after they've been killed (which has been fixed). Overall it's a great game and I'd love to see more from this development company, whether they continue with this or move on to something else."
76561198011244448,Not Recommended,242880,34729240,Posted: 4 September,all,Legenditals,"Tl;dr: How could you justify having this game for $19.99...much less even allow on the store page?I bought this game forever ago, only just recently played a round with a friend.After the initial glow, the game begins to show more like a coders first project than an actual game.Any remark suggesting the AI is interesting is a lie, the gameplay is extremely bare bones.You walk around an island avoiding enemies, collecting some stones, and then after collecting all the magic stones, you're rewarded with a ""cut scene"" in which the camera shakes and your character disappears.There is very little content to the game, and absolutely no reason to play it for more than 30 minutes. The devs have long since abandoned it, with the last update being some time in 2015.Do not support this kind of gaming culture, in which devs release some shoddy half finished game and cash in.Don't just take my word for it, look at the reviews and count how many players have more than 1 hour of playtime."
,Recommended,242880,11193480,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,monsterpancake,"I really loved my first experience with this game. It just oozes personality and the dark tone is right up my alley, across from the dumpster, and next to the comatose homeless person. The minimal voiceovers from the robots are great; they made me wish the protagonist had some dialogue as well. ""Bother, I do believe they are shooting at me!"" I have one negative comment, but it is not necessarily a complaint: this game is butt-ugly. Even if the game had been released a decade ago, it would still be tough to look at. The interface and the menus have some charm, but overall the environments and animations are just crude at best. Yet, the drab visuals somehow contribute to the Victorian-era setting and historical overtones. (I'd like to see the Atari 2600 version.) Just goes to show that looks aren't everything. Overall I was immediately hooked by this game and I look forward to playing some more!"
,Recommended,242880,31073895,Posted: 11 April,all,Zetarak,Amazing stealth game you should get any time there is a sale.pros+lots to loot+lots of enemies+funny with friends+objective is clear+good world creator+good stealth game+lots of enemies and weaponscons-graphics (but not a huge issue)-annoying setup for starters-quite repetive at times but is good every few daysdont listen to the people that said their computer crashed i dont have a great computer and my friends is a dodgy mac but if you go over the 1.8ghz and intel graphics 6000 and 4 gb ram you'll be fine
,Recommended,242880,23770737,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TravelingWater,"I bought this game because I like Stealth.  I love the Thief series.  Deus Ex.  Metal Gear.  If I can sneak and outsmart my enemies, I'm all in.This game makes that rather difficult.  Each of my untimely demises brought about a story, and made me shout.  Each time I was able to crouch behind a bush, tree, fence, and watch the search lights of the enemy sweep past my hiding spot, I got a terrified little thrill.  There's a lot of sneaking, and searching, and standing out in the open trying to find the next waypoint, but it all leads to moments like that.I ran into a small copse of trees to hide from several pipe-smoking robots out looking for me.  As I slipped further into the trees and into a low swampy area, I heard this sound.  It was errie, something new, and difficult to locate.  I peeped around the large tree I was hiding behind, and saw this big, round, shadowy figure slowly plodding through the swamp with the help of a cane.  I had no idea what he could do.  What his attacks were.  How well he could see.  I only knew he was taller than I was, with round, white eyes, and that huge cane.  I hid from him, not because I knew what kind of threat he posed, but because I DIDN'T know, and that was much more frightening.That's what Sir, You are being Hunted does best.  It leaves things up to your imagination.  It is very much in the ilk of Brittish Movies like, ""Cold Comfort Farm,"" were one of the characters constantly says, ""I saw something nasty in the wood shed,"" but all they show you is her peering into the shed, and her screaming in terror.  Well, I saw something nasty in the water, and I'll never go for a swim there again.I recommend this.  It's a slow, creeping, cornered by wolves sort of game, and I've greatly enjoyed playing so far.  Give it a shot!"
76561198120675325,Recommended,242880,11533283,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,★ Daffodildo ★,This is a very fun game. It has been made to a high standard. There are the scary moments which scare the living daylights out of you and there are the funny moments which make you chortle with laughter. I 100% recommend it to anyone who enjoys tweed horror games.
,Not Recommended,242880,33668988,Posted: 20 July,all,Jimbo,"Dev's pretty much abandoned development on this game. Its not worth the 20$ for what it is right now. It gets really old, really quick.  Wait for it to go on sale for 5-10$."
76561198066760888,Not Recommended,242880,31990605,Posted: 27 May,all,Posh_Owl,"This is one of those games where you can get, maybe, one or two hours worth of fun gameplay. However, apparently, the devs have abandoned it. Meaning that they are no longer updating it, This game had potential, and was very promising. This game is really only good if you are really bored and out of games to play. Other than that, I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198040565412,Recommended,242880,25643883,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sain240,"Sneaking in horror.Finding a gun, and feeling like rambo for 3 seconds.Running in terror, because now they all are running at you oh god.Patch self up, find food, try again.I love this game, and I can't rate it more highly."
76561198052265365,Recommended,242880,7958425,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Sparzy,"Great game that gets better all the time.  The game is full of robots and their dogs hunting you down and occasionally stopping for a tea break to compare the human trophy heads they've taken. This is a great stealth game very enjoyable, with great scenery and even animals to hunt for food.There's nothing better than creeping through the undergrowth ready to loot a prize, then running for your life as robots hunt you down.I dare you to creep up on a bot and shoot it in the back!"
76561198076773409,Not Recommended,242880,18896568,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Manticore,"I like the new multiplayer feature, since playing this game alone feels a little too gloomy and lonely.  It's a pretty fun multiplayer co-op game, but it still feels pretty buggy, and feels unfinished.  I mean, there is a lot of loot that has no apparent use at all, and a lot of features in the game are unintuitive.  For example, you can cook items, but it is quite the process to figure out WHAT you can cook and HOW to cook it.  Item descriptions are uninformitive and you can only 'discard', or 'use' any certain item, with no way to know what will happen if you press 'use'.tl;drFun with a friend, but feels unfinished.https://youtu.be/CSxio9Y9lOQ"
,Recommended,242880,32042755,Posted: 29 May,all,Salarn,https://youtu.be/PSQ80QGTU9ACollecting meteor fragments in the English country side while avoiding killer robots is a solid setting for this stealth survival experience.  Weapons are scare which makes every action carry a lot of weight.There are some rough spots with the UX that would be improved by having some aim assist on thrown objects or a drop 'junk' command for the inventory.  These additions would ease the experience slightly but the improved quality of life would be worth the exchange.
76561198043918252,Not Recommended,242880,13972439,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Time Pairofducks,"The objective of this game is to sneak around an island collecting magic stones in order to repair a machine and get off the island all while being hunted. It's an interesting premise and the stealth aspect of the game is well done, but unfortunately not much else is.The biggest problem I had with the game is that the islands are just too big, and the stones are increadibly hard to find. It ends up being a needle in a haystack senario and I spent most of my time sprinting around the island in circles just trying to find the tiny little stones. After that, the ""survival"" aspect of the game seems shoehorned in. You have to eat food every once in a while in order to stay alive, meaning you're forced to go into areas with lots of guards just to get some food to eat as there is literally no other reason to go in those areas.The game could be improved if you spent more time sneaking into areas to grab stones instead of just running around until you find one or get hungry.Don't buy this."
76561198037558977,Recommended,242880,11799036,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,The Unknown Veg,"Holy Crap on a Cracker, this game is awesome! Where can I begin?Firstly, the entire setting is wonderful. An archipelago of islands filled with deserted towns and houses, being watched over by Tweed-Donning robots with a taste for tea and murder. Exploring the islands is great fun, as you must always be on the lookout for roaming hunters and their dogs, hot air balloons lighting up your position or the Landowner, a fearsome robot with a cane that is well accustomed to crushing various bones and organs. Some variation in setting between islands whilst keeping the same British-Grey colour palette allows each area to be individual but memorable. The Castle biome has many ruined walls and turrets of old fortifications, while the Industrial Biome has larger towns with great chimneys and drilling platforms. Finding landmarks in the terrain that are often guarded by the posh automatons makes exploring no walk in the park, and adds to the tension and sense of adventure this game can create.The enemies are very well designed, with types varying from the standard Winchester-wielding Hunters to the turbo-charged  robo-horses that are ridden by jockeys determined to run you over. The big cheese of all the robots is the Landowner who, as mentioned before, is a formidable opponent that must be avoided or outwitted in order to survive his metallic glare. Enemy variation doesn't stop there, and the combinations these types of robots can be found in can make taking certain Pieces a challenge.The Main Object of the game is to retrieve each Piece of the ""Device"" that was destroyed in the ""Experiment"" (some backstory here wouldn't go amiss) and return them to the standing stones on the centre island. Each piece is guarded by at least two or more robots and can vary in size from tiny pieces that barely take up any room to giant parts of the device that need prior planning and inventory space to take back to the standing stones. Once all of the pieces have been collected the game ends. As time passes and pieces are returned, more robots appear, in greater numbers and variety, making each piece harder and harder to collect.The Inventory system is tile based, so that certain items take up more room than others. A Flask of Luke Warm Tea only takes up 2 tiles but the Largest Piece of the Device takes up 16 tiles all together. Looting houses, fallen enemies and occasionally bins and phoneboxes mean that your inventory will stack up with all kinds of good loot, making you consider whether you want those extra shotgun shells or that canned pie that might be needed later.All in All, I enjoy this game immensely and hope that Big Robot continue to add fresh content to this already wonderful concoction of a game.EDIT: Props to the Devs for allowing you to play as a Madam!"
,Recommended,242880,34484936,Posted: 25 August,all,boyflea,"Professor elemntal bought me here, :). Pleasantly surprised.Pros:- atmospheric, challengin world- grim and unrelenting survival- some cool RPG optionsCons:- needs some more variety, you can escape far too easily, but then the survival element is the goal.8/10 - worth a look for curiosity value alone: more steampunk games please. :)"
,Not Recommended,242880,32436518,Posted: 15 June,all,MesmeriZe,"Game is dead, and multiplayer doesnt work at all."
,Recommended,242880,22533702,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TiTz-Up ✶HardA✶,"What a Great indy Stealth game! best I've played for a long time! 10/10[ if you like the original stealth game 'thief' you'll probably like this]great atmosphere. Very well thought out ...Sneek around trying to find food to stay alive - while trying to track down and steal15 artifacts to exit the island - thats it. simple you say ?... give it a try.don't expect a typical shooter ... it's definetly more stealth than fighting.If you want action it's there, but you will have to shoot and run like hell.Took me 9 hours ish to complete ... and I'm sure I'll give a replay in the near future.I picked my copy up for £5 in the steam sale ... so definetly one to add to your wishlistfor when it's next on offer."
,Not Recommended,242880,16357884,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Burn,"After just a few hours it's clear that ""Sir You Are Being Hunted"" is tedious, repetitive and boring. The player is dropped into a randomly generated world and must run around collecting randomly hidden objects. The mix of stealth, strategy and shooting game elements in SYABH ultimately doesn't work. Most of the time it´s just waste of time and it´s pretty much boring. Sometimes it gets funny, but that´s rare. I just hope that multiplayer will help this game to shine!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=460409758http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=460402301"
,Recommended,242880,29835703,Posted: 10 February,all,Last Night's IceCreme,"Fantastically fun game. It's nice to play a survival game that doesn't have zombies in it.The graphics aren't great, but the countryside is fabulously atmospheric.I would recommend this especially to people that are fond of the steampunk genre."
76561198083691449,Not Recommended,242880,33312844,Posted: 6 July,all,420 Perv It,Too  bad devs are notdiligent people and didn't finish this potentially very good game.SHAME!
,Recommended,242880,33084647,Posted: 1 July,all,TheMikirog,"Sir is one of those games you would either love or hate. This game is so unique that I had a hard time pin-pointing what this game does well.Sir is a survival stealth game. Your task is to gather all teleporter pieces from five island and gather them into one place. The longer the time passes or the more teleporter pieces you collect, the more foes you will encounter.First off, I ADORE the soundtrack and the visual design. If it was a war game, it would be boring as hell, but because it goes for highly exaggerated world that looks like other people think Britain looks like it's suprisingly solid. It's great, atmospheric and overall good design. However if you don't like depressing grim colors for 2 hours of gameplay on one save, this isn't the game for you, cause it might look dull to some (this comes from a guy who plays cute games with tons of colours.)The stealth in this game is very solid. If you get out from a predicament somehow, it really feels like it was your doing. The game is punishing, but just enough that you don't want to give up. Each hour of gameplay gives you more to work with.There are two features that were a real lifesaver for me. Custom world generation and Multiplayer! With the first one, you can create much more interesting worlds with more decorations and stuff than the default generators, however you need to be quite careful with sliders. The second feature is hit or miss. There aren't many servers (but I host one in my free time), so you might not encounter as many players. If you do, you're in for a great ride. Basically you have to escape the island competing with other players in doing the same. There's PvP, loot and trading! Find a friend, have a battle or form an alliance.What are the flaws? This game feels a bit incomplete, but every now and then I encounter a new item that got me really excited thanks to custom world generation. For some reason the default one isn't so generous with them. When I found a Thingometer and a Mysterious Talisman, they really enchanced the game.World generation can be really poor too. Unless you're playing on custom generated worlds, they might be really boring. I would like this game to support modding, so I can add more structures to spawn, more items to create and more enemies to fight! I'm a modder type of guy.Set up a server, be patient and you'll be rewarded for it. However for the standard price it's not worth it. I would wait for a sale below -50% to really make it worth your money."
,Recommended,242880,12972404,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,KnuckleHead McSpazzatron,"It's not every day you get hunted by a tweed wearing robot commenting ""I'm so wealthy it's extroadinary""I've had Sir You are being Hunted in my library for a while now and played it back when it was really early alpha and it was quite entertaining, playing it recently with a load of new robots, items and environments, I can see this this game has a massive potential to be a great game and already currently is very funAn unique take on the survival genre with some absolutely wonderful details such as the Robots comments, environments and itemsIt was also interesting to come back and start finding letters in some houses that give some insight to the back story of the islandsMy most recent experience would be returing to the Standing Stones to drop of some artifacts, to then be spotted. Making a run for the fields, I upset a local scarecrow, who brings down the entire islands enhabitants on me, to then flee to a nearby crop field to hide with every local on the island searching for me, including several hunters and hounds, a Poacher and the Landowner no less! I was amazed I was able to escapeHonestly I'm surprised to find it's no longer Alpha, as there's some optimisation that should really be addressed, framerate for me struggles in a few places on visuals that don't really look as if they should be that demanding, as well as some generation anomalies. Ideally a patch would be in orderNone the less, while it can be a little difficult to get into, Sir You are being Hunted is still a fun game and gives an amazingly tense atmosphere for what it is"
,Recommended,242880,8979898,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Febel,"Equal parts silly and scary, this game is loads of fun even if it is a bit unpolished. As the description says it is you, on a small set of islands, being carefully hunted by a never ending supply of well armed (and dapper) robots of all shapes and sizes. You scavenge for food, lay traps, and learn to dread any and all electronic noises as you search the islands for a number of stones to make your escape. Despite its somewhat goofy premise this is very much a survival horror game with enemies that are both fiercely intelligent and almost omnipresent. There will rarely be a time in which firing your gun won't leave you with a sense of dread, knowing that it's going to bring every hunter within a halfmile jogging towards your position. I'd almost call it remniscient of DayZ, only with a brutal AI instead of other players. If the concept sounds at all interesting to you I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,242880,6843305,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,cancelHoo,"This is a re-review of this game post-release. I don't usually write reviews of games, but I felt compelled to write this in response to some of the fair yet slightly misleading user reviews I see on the front page.** THE PROBLEM WITH USER REVIEWS **Firstly, I don't like steam's user review system. I have no idea how to fix it either. The problem is apparent with games like this, which have some legit criticisms from some gamers, but others would find it immensely enjoyable. The button that ""upvotes"" reviews is labelled ""helpful"", but I do believe that a bad review can be helpful without my holding the same opinion. On top of that, it seems that people with a lot of review ""helpfuls"" have a large group of friends or are in guilds, etc. I am not criticizing anyone...just a flawed system that might lead people away from a niche game that many would enjoy.** GAMEPLAY **In fiction, there is a thing called a trope. A trope is a often used device, such as a fallen hero or a damsel in distress. These things can be over used, and genre fiction has a habit of creating whole works based on them. The point of a trope is to use something people are comfortable with so that they can spend their efforts enjoying the important bits...like characterization, or sometimes a fresh look at an old trope. Tropes are a creators shorthand because wholly new things are dense and difficult. The greatest works of literature and film use tropes, some creating new tropes, so that they aren't over long and dull.The gameplay in this game is the trope. It is resource management, fetch quests and stealth. While the game is not quite a survival horror game, it uses the same limitations for an effect that I will get into in the next section. There are games which expand what a game can do...some successful, some not. This is not one of those games, nor does it try to be. You will understand what is expected from you early on and you will be doing it a lot. I would like to point out that the combat in this game can be easy for some, but I would contend that this game is not about hammering through with a weapon and those people who do are missing the point.** MOOD **This is where this game shines. Back in the 1960's, some folks at a small British movie company decided to remake an old classic film, Dracula. By that time everyone had seen the original Bela Lugosi film, so really what is the point in remaking a film when everyone already knows the plot? The answer is mood. Hammer films are not gory in the way contemporary films are, they are not jump scary, they ooze creepy. There is something of the molester in Cristopher Lee's performance in Dracula: Prince of Darkness, something that is in the original text, but sadly missing in Bela Lugosi's self-indulgent performance. And yet, Hammer films always have a wit. It is a mood that had never been reproduced in gaming...until now.I roleplay this game. What I mean is that it might be possible to manhandle the robots, but I refuse to try because I let the mood sink in. I am more quick to run from the dogs than wisely set a trap for them. Not because I am a bad gamer, but because I let myself get into the environment. In sucking at this game I heighten my enjoyment of it. Winning is not the point of a game like this, experiencing it is. Ultimately, Dracula gets a stake in the heart, the end. This could have happened on page one, but it didn't.** STORY **There isn't one, and thank god for that. I am so sick of game makers thinking they are novelists because they largely suck at it. With some exceptions, almost all being in the adventure game category (I hated Bioshock Infinite,) good stories in games are second rate rehashes of better novels or movies. If I want character development or a solid plot I will read a book. If you don't read books and need videogames to get some narrative, well then please don't breed.That isn't to say there isn't a narrative. There is, but it is one that I felt I was creating myself. Gone are the overwrought cgi cutscenes. Gone are the ""easter egg hunt"" notes on why we are here. What you have is a series of islands, some evil robots, and an attempt at surviving impossible odds.** CONCLUSION **This game isn't for everyone. Anyone who reads the negative reviews should take them to heart. But I am aware that people will see the number of ""helpfuls"" and think that is a vindication of their opinion, rather than what it says...it is helpful. I greatly enjoyed this game for the mood and emotive character of the world and level design. I had no problem jumping through the fake hoops required to spend some time within. But fake hoops they are. If you want an original experience, a successful experiment, check this one out."
76561198044978911,Not Recommended,242880,18466581,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,YoYoMahh,"When this game first came out I really liked what I read/watched/heard about it. I finally bought it on sale for $2 and even had a friend buy it as well because multiplayer was a new feature. At first I was very excited. Sneaking around thruogh the tall grass and trying to lure some robots away from a smoldering item that you need to collect in order to win (there are quite a few of them around the map). After about 30 min I began to realize that there wasn't much more to it than that. Big empty fields with nothing to loot, houses that are just glorified item chests that you can't even enter, and dumb a.i. that are easy to just run away from made me really regret buying this game.TLDR;The game looked like it was a lot of fun but turned out to be quite boring.2/10"
76561197969042591,Recommended,242880,15369066,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Bearicus,"Despite being only 5 or 6 hours in, this game has already wowed me. I love the s.t.a.l.k.e.r series and this is just fantastic. I feel bad I waited so long to play it, I lost track and didn't realize it was out already. Even at full price, I have already gotten my moneys worth out of it.I would suggest to anyone that they play it on aristocrat, the initial part of the game trying to find tools and food is far more tense than starting as another class with stuff. The very first play I used the officer (I think, the one with a pistol and rifle) and it was good just to get the hang of it but I would recommend restarting ASAP as aristocrat for a full experience.I honestly don't understand the (overly verbose) negative reviews, granted that they were done well before me playing it now, but the game plays perfectly well and honestly what more can you ask for? You can't expect AAA title polish and such an interesting concept, its $20 and more than worth it, anyone coming up with a laundry list of minor complaints at this point is either not in the target audience at all (which is fair, its not necessarily for everyone) or just can't be pleased."
,Recommended,242880,12962336,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Skaidrojumi,"I've always had a fear of English robots dressed in gentleman attire carrying guns, and now that fear is only stronger. I was suprised this didn't have a bigger fan base, it's really a great game.The key is sneaking around, hiding from the robots who are hunting the last of humainty for sport, as you try to find the pieces of a device to get you to sanctuary. And as you progress, the robots do as well, becoming more difficult and more various as time goes on.One player, but definitly a good buy if you're looking for a game for good distraction."
76561198097295942,Recommended,242880,28750839,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,deathbird909,"This game is both hillarious and terrifying.Hillarious Parts:-British Hunter RobotsTerrifying Parts:-Being Hunted By British Hunting RobotsSeriously, if you're used to just ducking into the shadows or under a cardboard box to hide after making a big noise, you're in for a rude awakening. This isn't MGS or Dishonored; these guys are a bit smarter, and you're a lot weaker.If you love the nervous thrill of a stealth game, this is a great pick."
,Recommended,242880,26148458,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,NotMyGopher™,"I tried to explain to the Landowner that I crashed landed and needed to find the parts to my ship, so I could leave. He was not pleased, shocked me, and tore straight through my chest with his cane.He must have seen my weapon, so I decided this time to lay down my arms in hope he would understand I'm not here to cause harm. I guess that wasn't it, because he screeched out and stabbed his cane through my mouth and out the other side of my head. Quite brutal and needed a cup of tea after that.Thinking he must not be able to process the same language as I speak, I decided to try again and remove all my belongings before having him in my sight. I did a weird dance and tried to communicate in his tongue, but he suck his dogs on me and I fell under their consumption.I continue to try to this day, but yet to avail. God save the queen."
,Not Recommended,242880,12638581,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,FZeroRacer,"It's a game that's so close to being interesting and good, but falls short because of bad gameplay design decisions that result in it feeling like a tedious fetch quest rather than nail-biting survival against all odds."
76561198006043978,Recommended,242880,15654931,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Keaton901,"A pretty good simulator for hide and seek, aswell as the mixed in feature of being able to fight back against the growing hordes of mechanical gentlemen. I like playing around with the customizer for the maps and robot spawns, and its just hilarious in its depiction of british hunting- infact, one class even starts with a plate that has a robotic queen on it. I think its definitely worth it, full price or not, and that it will be developing (hopefully).""Oh, and do remember, you are being hunted."""
76561198053292615,Recommended,242880,12198155,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,10k,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted! is a First-Person, British, Survival, Roguelike game that has randomly generated worlds.The goal is to collect fragments by finding them on islands that are never the same twice. Britian has been taking over by robots that have nothing better to do than to hunt you down for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. You are not superman, you are not a God, weapons and ammo are limited. Stealth is key in this game and it works extremely well.Oh, don't forget to eat. If you don't then you won't be able to regenerate health which in turn will eventually lead to your death. My personal favourite is the lovely Stout, t'is such a shame it's warm and not chilled.I'm disappointed by the lack of my fresh tea (OK they have Tea.... AND BISCUITS!!!) and crumpets, as a fellow Brit I consider it blasphemy. It's a good job I prefer a good ol' Ale and Crisps instead.I did a short Let's Play which you can findhere."
76561197970901170,Not Recommended,242880,35076167,Posted: 19 September,all,Remember Politeness,"It's not enjoyable to write something negative about something that is quite unique in some ways -- above all, I really enjoy the setting of Sir, You Are Being Hunted. Some complain about the lo-fi graphics, but they make the absolute best of what they are -- and I expect my robots to look ""clunky"".Sound is more of a mixed bag. The voice effects are entertaining through and through, and distinct enough that you can quickly tell who is in an area and what they might be doing at that moment. At other times though, I hear rustling grass as  proceed over a stone bridge, or no sound at all in the water. It brings you out of ""the moment"". I quite enjoy the spooky narrator though, and the music always fits.Gameplay wise... it turned into a slog by the time I had finished my first three (of five) islands. I didn't try more than one character, but there doesn't seem to be much to gameplay besides avoid-avoid-avoid, which basically means to move slowly in crouch position. Attack is naturally limited because, well, you're the one being hunted, but it would have really helped the game to have a few other creative ways of eliminating the danger of the robots. I managed to get every collectible piece of my matter transmogri-whatever by using glass bottles, alarm clocks, and toy trains. None of them felt all that different.If it's $9.99 or lower and you live these open-world survival games, give it a try. Unless something truly great is $9.99, then buy that."
76561198064197184,Recommended,242880,9672098,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Mr Shadow,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a macabre stealth survival thriller - teleported accidentally to a dreary British landscape, you must find the pieces of your destroyed transporter and escape. There is a catch - the island(s) are populated by tweed-wearing, pipe-smoking, gun-toting robots ... you are being hunted.The game has a fun aesthetic, and the minimalist soundtrack really adds to the feeling of being stalked through the moors by the robots - who pull off being a hilarious parody and a horrifying enemy really well. Controls are fine and, whilst the graphics are pretty basic, the atmospheric gameplay completely draws you in.The game is VERY stealth-based - combat is impossible without a weapon, which you will have to find, unless you spawn with one, and in my experience, ammunition is scarce. But the action comes in creeping around the island, looking for loot, and then scarpering in absolute terror when a robot spots you.Tense, terrifying and tremendous fun."
76561198024578572,Recommended,242880,22728732,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Carlsson,"What ''Sir, You Are Being Hunted'' has to offer.*Great Atmosphere*Fun Gameplay*Robots*Mustasches*Robots with mutasches*Inventory management*Survival*Exploring*Stealth*Combat*A good viraity of characters to choose from*TeaI really like this game. It has a lot to offer and I have only just scratched the surface of it."
76561198084127560,Recommended,242880,22797684,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,theodorejacksonsmith,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a slow moving game without a lot of action. Despite that, if you enjoy slower paced games it's very enjoyable and highly stylized."
76561198080703196,Recommended,242880,29756238,Posted: 6 February,all,"No, This Is Patrick!",Wasn't super scary until I came across a ♥♥♥♥ing scarecrow. Just spawning directly behind you and whispering 'Behind you' in your ear. Freaked. Me. Out.Cool to play once or twice but gets old.
,Recommended,242880,9782019,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Mabatu Abboo Ny'ongo,Great survival horror game but it is still in alpha so its a bit unpolished+ stealth gameplay+ intense+ immersive- audio is still not finished- animals are not functioning too well
,Recommended,242880,31687454,Posted: 11 May,all,Kalake85,"This game is cute. I enjoyed it, especially after I went sniper. It's very atmospheric, and it has a good stealth aspect to it. Definitely unique. A little overpriced though."
,Not Recommended,242880,8242745,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Benie,"I want to like this game. I really do. It does have potential and is still in development, but the robots aren't the ones hunting. You, are the one hunting the fragments.The robots are always either patrolling towns or sometimes patrolling where you get the fragments, but never are they actually trying to track you down. I never see any scouting parties combing the countryside.But I can be running around for hours, and not have anyone hunting me. As they're too busy patrolling buildings.Again, this game is in heavy development. I hope in the future that the robots actually do what this game title is; hunt you down, where you're forced to run and watch your back.I'm not saying the game is completely bad. The survival aspect is hands down the best I've seen of any game. You constantly have to watch your Vitality (your Hunger level) and make sure the robots don't see you when you're trying to loot and pillage a town."
76561198075807987,Recommended,242880,13934047,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,[OG] Foxforch,"Feels great to hunt the hunters while I have the chances when sneaking in the grass.. Payback ^^Also, I really enjoy indie games. This one may look like a joke with the trailers, but I love it. It's a frightening experience as there's barely any music, only you, and the robots. Besides, you never know when they suddenly open fire at you while you think you're safe.I recommend this if you've sense of humor, and wanna know how it feels to be HUNTED"
76561198075075560,Recommended,242880,8010053,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ChickenBlaster28,"This is a GREAT game! Be warned though- this is a hard game. You cannot fight off all the robots, especially late game. It has a randomly generated world that consists of 5 islands. You can transfer from the islands by docks. You start on the central island and docks are to your north, south, west, and east. The transfer is not seamless though. You must load the new island, but this takes no more than 5 seconds. The current build is alpha, so there is a few bugs to work out. Stealth is stable for the most part, but sometimes a bit ""rickety"". The game is stable enough to play and enjoy though, so I would definetly get this game."
,Recommended,242880,16051645,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Atomic Noob,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is an exciting survival game. I remember when I first tried it out. I saw a distant town in front of me and heard noises coming from that direction. I sneakily circled the town wary of what might lie inside. I figured it was safe even though I still heard the distant beeps and clanks of robots. I managed to scavenge some food and a weapon out of the houses and went back towards the direction I came. On my way back, I saw a small group of hunters. I watched them from the tall grass as they walked past me and then I went on my way.Since then:I have been shot at while hallucinating from eating mushrooms due to starvation.I have been tracked from the skiesI was caught in a bear trapNearly died from an encounter with a sea monsterhid in a field while a large group of hunters searched the area for meand have taken risks I normally would avoid.That my friend, is what you may expect in Sir, You Are Being Hunted."
76561197967778193,Not Recommended,242880,11210809,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Grey,"I picked this game up for $5.It's not worth it.But not for the reasons one may think! The game is a very simple game, with procedurally generated maps and loot 'chests' (the doors of buildings are basically all loot stashes, and you just loot them instead of going into the building), and some good AI for the robots that are always trying to kill you.On the one hand, I often found myself bored as I trudged through empty fields, seeing nothing and becoming lost all the time.On the other hand, when I was finally able to defend myself, figuring out ways to combat the often overwhelming bot force became very fun and action packed. So much so that when I was inevitably killed, I felt like playing again (after a bit of a cool down, thanks to my temper lol).Normally, I'd say this easily merits the $5 tag I picked it up for... but for one word: Glitches.Did these developers test their damn game before releasing it?! I have CONSTANTLY been running into three specific glitches that make the game unplayable.Glitch 1: My inventory mysteriously vanishes- yet I cannot place items into it, or remove items from it (or try to use any of the few items that do show up).Glitch 2: The boats in between islands mysteriously dissapear, thus stranding me on the island I am currently on.Glitch 3: My most hated of all glitches- randomly (though it likes to do it more when I get shot), the entire game will vanish, leaving behind nothing but a colored blur that you can tell is the layer behind the clouds above. I still have access to my hud, and can even open my inventory (but not use items), but everything else is gone. no buildings, no weapon in hand, no clouds, and no ground. It's just blank. I can hear when i use my weapon, and even still take bleed damage (but cannot be shot or hurt otherwise), but anything else (including enemies) just dissapear, and never come back.After the 5th or 6th time of this occurence, I have decided to give up on this game. Please try harder next time, devs."
,Recommended,242880,7457418,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Zaregoto,"This game is very important.The protagonist, who you are in control of, is an exceptionally well-crafted piece manmanship that none other can compare. A true man who, in the face of adversity and robots with guns and annoying bleepbloop noises, never forgets his heritage. He is a gentleman. So he scrounges through peoples' houses to find hisself some tea and crampets, so he can shove them down his crumpethole like a true gentleman would.This determination to remain a gentlemansir even on a godforsaken island filled with angry native robots that say stupid vaguely aristocratic things to each other is an unparalleled look at the human condition at its very finest, the unbudging will to remain true to ourselves. I view this game as a psychological critique on mankind, and a well-made one at that.Marmalade aside, this game is bloody hard and I've eaten more bullets than I have consumed bottles of whiskey and sherry combined. And let me tell you, I've seen this guy's drunken stumbling many times already. True story, alcohol makes you high, yay for sir.This game, if I were to compare it to other games, is like pokemon. You creep around through tall grass, praying that nothing attacks you. When they do, you run away and hide to the best of your abilities, which isn't very impressive.Later you supposedly get weapons, but since I'm both a gentleman and really bad at this game, I haven't found any yet. Instead, I found some of the objectives. Device parts.Device parts, when taken to the magical stonehenge in the middle of the island, will let you make a device that does something probably helpful like making you the winner.I rate this game a good game and I need to play it a lot because I need to feed my aristocratic commentary on humanity some more tuna cans and stuff. I will do what has to be done, and live up to his family name."
,Not Recommended,242880,13949733,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,CPT. Dansko Valentine,"I want to like this game, I really do, but there are so many problems and glaring issues.A lot of the gameplay revolves purely around dumb luck, and if the stars aren't right and the gods aren't favouring you right now, then you will be hunted down quickly and mercilessly. The AI is good, too good.Not to mention how horribly demanding the game is, system wise.The whole aspect of having to ferry parts across the island is also a bit of a pain. Whilst yes, the limited inventory space does add to the immersion, and makes things a lot more tense with the whole ""I REALLY need X, but I have to give up Y for it, which I also need"", it still can make the game unreasonably teadious when you have to run back and forth the same area dragging along one piece at a time.Like I said, I did my best to try and enjoy the brief amount of time I played it, but the problems I listed just ruined the experience for me."
76561198112601264,Recommended,242880,30384148,Posted: 7 March,all,BARBAROSSA,Fun but not 20 dollars fun
,Recommended,242880,11541643,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Cj,Bloody marvellous game this is.
,Recommended,242880,13718113,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Munithe EXT,"This is a game about stalking for 3 days, and I've always wanted a game about stalking for 3 days, but it's not what I really had in mind.  It's a good game, but it's too compacted down.  The day/night cycles are a little short and the maps are a little claustrophibic.  You have to eat every 20 minutes, which is not what I would want to do if I was stalking for 3 days irl.  I'd probably only want to eat once in a 3 day period irl, but in this game, if you don't eat within 20 minutes, you will die!Also, even though this game is about stalking for 3 days, it's also about being stalked for 3 days, which is fine, except the robots are everywhere and pretty tightly packed (because of the claustrophobic maps).  The gameplay is fine though, and it's a good game, but it's not a game about wandering the wilderness for several days, perhaps not seeing another person the entire time.What I really hope for is a survival game where you can't see another person or hostile entity for a long time.  You cover your tracks and travel light, taking only what you need and surviving hardcore mode.  When you see another person, you stalk them for 3 days, because there is great risk involved in getting close!  That is the game I want, but this is not that game.  It gives a small taste of what that game might be though and so I will recommend this game."
,Recommended,242880,11712191,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Commissar Kip,"This is one of the best stealth survival games I have ever played! It has a randomly generated landscape, along with tense and suspenseful gameplay. There were so many moments in the game where i was scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and hopeing that the patrol wouldn't see me, or feeling like a complete badass because I got my hands on a gun. The game also has island biomes rangeing form rural areas to industrial biomes with even a custom island generator to make your very own island! Not only can you customize the islands but you can customize the difficulty by adjusting how many of each type of robot spawn in at different times in the game, hell you can make it to where there are no robots at all.There are tedious things about this game such as the inventory management, i mean sure i get it, its used to add strategy and planning. but you cant even rotate items and your inventory space is way too small! The game also gets repetative and boring after a while with not alot of replayability. I'd give this game a 6.5/10"
,Recommended,242880,13960187,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,FrancoisParfait,"Stealth and survival, with tea and biscuits = Epicosity.Also, robots wearing top hats. This game has got an insane amount of class.What's not to like?"
,Recommended,242880,10241430,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Fluury,"It's a pure stealth game where you need to find pieces all arround the Islands, and have to dodge some pretty clever AI of the various robots while doing so. Robot-Dogs, Robot-Horsemen, Robot Scarecrows and and and, you can pretty much tell this game is filled with Killing-Machines which are british, adding even more horror.That means that it would be smart to play a little bit - well - patient. You have to think about even think you do or you'll die in a few seconds. You can't rush in there and go full Rhambo, even if you find a weapon, which you won't find easily at your first try.The graphics aren't the fanciest, but it still has it's charm and a great atmosphere.And who doesnt want a british robot to step in your beartrap and then be able to beat him up with an axe?Probably my GOTY, but this game really isnt aimed for everyone.If you enjoy patient gaming, and those tense moments when there are 5 robots arround you while you are in a ♥♥♥♥ing bush with only 8 bullets in your revolver, then this game is 100% something for you.Probably a ten outta ten for me."
,Not Recommended,242880,11995786,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SlaughterJoker,"Bought this game in early access because the trailer looked decent and the game looked like it had some promise. The game then came out. Not terrible, but gets very boring quickly."
,Recommended,242880,9678410,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Verbose Mode,"Take a simple survival formula (food drains slowly over time, full belly means health regenerates, empty belly means health drains), some spot-on first-person stealth, incredibly limited supplies and a huge set of randomly generated worlds. Now add incessantly British humor and unbiquitious robots with tweed vests. With shotguns. Hunting you.""Sir, You Are Being Hunted"" is the singleplayer equivilant to Day Z, with much better gameplay and vicious AI that is all-too willing to fill you full of bullet holes. The terror of finding a weapon and realising you only have two shots for five enemies, or holding your breath as brit-bots search for you in a feild of tall grass is an incredible rush, and the victory of outsmarting a patrol and nicking their supplies with nothing more than a pair of binoculars, an alarm clock and a thermos of lukewarm tea is wornderfully satisfying.Quite so. A full recomendation, good chap!"
76561198136873363,Recommended,242880,14383394,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Skorps,"Was sneaking around when I saw 2 robots walking together. One of the robots said to the other robot ""Don't tell my wife""10/10 would watch robot infidelity again"
76561198137163390,Recommended,242880,18050687,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Connection Error,Reminded me of being hunted by Shia LeBouf10/10
,Recommended,242880,10043013,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Paul,"•• This is an excellent stealth game. It isn't for everyone, but if you ""get it"", you will freaking love it.Highlyrecommended.•• There isn't really a ""story"", but just a brief explanation of what's going on: you're stuck on the archipelago and must collect items to rebuild the thing that gets you out of there. The exploration and strategizing ways around the hunters to get what you needisthe game.•• You can't hide in buildings or ""save anywhere"". Those things may be OK in other games, but they would absolutely destroy the tension inSir. (In fact, the saving system inSirhas inspired me to replay Dishonored using only the autosaves.)When you load a save inSir, all of the NPCs appear in different places and configurations from when you saved. You don't ""use"" saves the way you might in other games. There's no reloading in order to try various tactics against a particular group of hunters.•• If you're a stealth fan, buySirimmediately."
,Recommended,242880,22683363,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bill,"This is a fun game, slow or fast paced depending on how you play, has a simple and fast inventory system and fighting mechanics. Interesting and hard enemies and a good score make this a good little masterpiece of a game for casual gameplay with friends or by yourself."
,Recommended,242880,9388321,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,yung jizzle,"This game is really fun. It has so many great aspects, with stealth, fps, and survival. I don't really like horror games, but I love the way this game is incredibly tense, but with no jumpscares or mutated zombies. It is in beta, and thd game is quite laggy on my mac, but the devs are always adding stuff and improving it."
,Not Recommended,242880,32049148,Posted: 29 May,all,DeadEye,One of the biggest disapointments ive ever had....
,Recommended,242880,18476299,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Good Boy Online,Bloody good fun.  Buy it.
,Recommended,242880,9022399,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Chelonaut,"Challenging and fun, if a little frustrating at times."
,Recommended,242880,8746247,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,X marks it,"This game is terrific, at the start you feel helpless. Seeing tons of houses to scavenge only to realise the robots patrolling the place. Often you'd have to take the risk and sneak in to scavenge the houses which weren't occupied, and quite reguarly you'd be seen and you'd have to run for it...Setting up traps and thinking strategically is a big part of this too, seeing as how most of the machine parts are patrolled not just your bullets will do on most occasions. And knowing you just took down 3 robots from using the traps is an amazing feeling.Adrenaline rushing, graphics are top-notch. 10/10Definetly worth the money! <3"
,Recommended,242880,9152689,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,MJS,"Tea, robots, and the bleak british countryside. Simple but very interesting concept and a fun first person survival, sneak & sir (or madam) em' up FPSSS."
76561198038091775,Recommended,242880,14616442,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Amor Sin,"Do you like robots?What about tea?Perhaps some good ole fashion British themes.Do you like being scared to death?What about running a bunch?How about survival based off of scavenging what you can get?Well this is the game for you.A rather dificult survival game that has you running for your life from dastardly but good fashioned Robotic British noblemen.Yeah, that rather sums it up."
76561197979765713,Recommended,242880,11229700,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Eyjafjallajökull,"Despite the mixed reviews I saw for this game, I still went ahead and bought it because of its promise of a free-form, British survival experience.  It turned out to be better than I expected!  The atmosphere is fantastic and it really does feel like Britain especially on a dark drizzly night, crouching in the woods with the moon shining down above you.While it's definitely not Amnesia (and doesn't try to be), the robots can be genuinely scary, especially when you hear the slow thud of the Landowner bearing down on you.  Which brings me to maybe the best bit about this game - the sound.  It really evokes a dark, 'tweedpunk' future filled with menace.  The first you'll know of the robots is when you suddenly hear their whirring and clanking from behind a hill.  They also come out with some humorous phrases (""I blame the foreigners"").The AI seems pretty good, and the robots will sometimes erupt into firefights amongst themselves, giving you even more ways to outwit them.This is a game you need to use your mind for as the sandbox environment (and 'British Countryside Generator') provide a pretty much infinite number of situations you can find yourself in.  If you like sandbox games and sneaking games, this is definitely for you.While this game is very nicely designed from an artistic point of view, the textures can look very plain close up.  I was surprised to learn that the engine used in this game is the same as the one used in The Forest.  However, this really does not detract from gameplay at all, and I especially love the effect of the sun's rays shining through woodland at sunrise and sunset.  It also means that the game is well optimised for slower systems.Downsides?  If you want a comprehensive survival experience this isn't it.  You can hunt for food and cook it and so forth, but it's not worth it.  You can keep your 'Vitality' topped up by munching on blackberries and drinking tea every now and then and that's really all there is to it.  There's no system of shelter, sleeping or crafting so it's nothing like as deep as other 'survival' games out there such as Rust and The Forest.  It's a 'shallow' survival game, which to be honest is all it professes to be.Approach this game with an open mind as there is really nothing else like it out there.  It is still being patched currently and I think multiplayer support is still to be added.  It's certainly well worth the asking price and I look forward to seeing what Big Robot can make next.8/10"
,Recommended,242880,16659521,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dr.Gutt'O,"I've recently purchased this fine piece of work during the summer sale. When I first saw the title, I liked the concept although I forgot to follow it.I'm through now a couple playthrough and I have to say it is quite a great, violent hide-and-seek game.I like the idea of randomly generated worlds which we see quite rarely in games although with todays tech it is more than convenient to build certain games to have this feature.I liked the AI - it payed attention to check out places where they saw some distraction multiple times.And I liked the touch of horror in some robots - personal favorites are the Landowner and the Scarecrow. It's great when you don't notice it, you hear something from behind and when you turn around suddenly a glowing pumkinhead smiles back at you, you unload your rounds (it would be fun if you could shoot yourself in the leg in such frightening moments if you don't aim right), then it minces you in a couple of blows... Or when you sneak through the forest and then for the first time you hear the landkeeper's scream and you open up your inventory and rather drink up all the brew pretending it will make it go away...Another funny factor was when robots started to fight each other. In some playthroughs I've got my first weapon+ammo this way.Love the game! Good work! ;)"
76561198090519816,Recommended,242880,11178601,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Leopold Elridge Obelix,"This game is awesome, a little pricey and slow loading, but amazing nonetheless. Sir runs well, even on poor computers, has an extensive landscape, and wicked difficult gameplay. Don't work fast enough and you will be meeting swarms of robots when you don't even have a gun. It's the type of game where you can control almost every facet and detail within and still have an amazing playthrough. I cannot say enough about this game.As mentioned, the game has some loading issues, and that is only because it generates the worlds as you tell it to. When creating a new game it takes roughly five to ten minutes till the intro and gameplay begin. And as for the price, just wait until discount day and it will be more than worth it.Cheers!"
,Recommended,242880,9906906,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Bucket of Doom,"A good example of a Early access game that is really good.It was launched stable and with some good content. It was updated once a month with lots of bug fixes and content.Now its close to release and its better than ever!This is a fun, challenging and scary survival game. You have an open world of 5 islands to explore and the objective is to find pices of fragments that will help you get out of there. Around each island there are robots roaming/guarding villages and the fragment locations. You can sneak past them, distract them and/or ambush them with different traps and weapons.The stealth system is great and there is a good viarity among the robots, Normal guards with shotguns, dogs, flying patrol units, cavalry, scarecrow, land owner and a few more that i dont want to spoil. (some of them are really creepy)The story is pretty cool, its nothing special but its not bad.Is this worth you money?If you like a challenging game where it will take you some time to learn what to do and how to do it, if you are playing for the survival feeling, not the Call of duty ""run and gun"" gameplay.. this is a game for you.Its not officially released yet, but for me its a solid 8/10.When the Multiplayer arrives i will update the review.EDIT: Its now released and its awesome! 9/10"
,Recommended,242880,11185994,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,12 Bottles of Barry's Red Cola,needs multiplayer
76561198050567445,Recommended,242880,9655350,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Chin CHin,This game is one of the most underated games I've played. It has great potential and I have high expectations for what it will become
76561198116492961,Recommended,242880,14061964,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tarfun,"Crawling through the ground, with little to no ammo, one more piece to collect, hearing the screams of the landowner who was too close for comfort. Playing this game made me realise I had found a true Steam-gem . Granted i enjoy it for nostalgia as it is the first Steam game which I bought, yet there is an undeniable atmosphere when playing this game, perfectly mixes comedy, survival and abject terror.No spoilers, but the general idea of collecting all the pieces of the machine is a little bit cliché, yet still really fun. Traversing the islands without a map/gun really sets the tone nicely as a poor hunted animal;  however, I will recommend starting out as the artist, either that of the inventor class, the ability to have the map or the scanner thing really does help you traverse the harsh landscape.10/10 would soil myself after being chased by the Riders again!"
,Recommended,242880,10008120,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPwFUZQ3vGQAbove is my video impressions of the game.Sir, You are being hunted certainly has a lot of style going for it. It features unique visuals and design, as well as interesting open world stealth mechanics. The game is a sandbox when it comes to how you tackle your goals. Though the environment and character design are interesting and unique, it's not all smooth sailing. There are certain execution issues, most notably the low res, and dull textures. It is the one most dominant flaw with Sir, but other than that, It's an enjoyable game.Positives:- Randomly generated worlds offer more replayablity- Unique theme, character, and environmental design- The world feels large- Strong stealth mechanics- Challenging game play- Good sense of humor- Supports modsNegatives:- Low res and muddy textures- Could be too difficult for some- Depending on the generation of the world, it can some times feel empty- Lighting is passable, but nothing special"
76561197971472889,Recommended,242880,22488383,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Irong,"This is a great game, but it gives a very specific type of gaming experience that only certain gamers will enjoy. Most often the smartest course of action is to simply walk/sneak away from a fight. When you do have to fight the game rewards you for being clever. It's a combination of stealth and survival/looting. If you like stealth games, and immersion then I would recommend it when it's on discount. If you have a copy of Thief Gold, or Thief 2 installed on your system right now, then there is a high probability that you will enjoy this game immensily, and it's worth the full price. If you are looking for flashy graphics, or a more traditional type of fps experience then look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,242880,32486014,Posted: 16 June,all,Awmax,"If there were awards for slow gameplay, this would have the noble prize faster than a grass simulator"
76561197972793743,Not Recommended,242880,31023014,Posted: 8 April,all,Nuetoxic,i wanted to play the game with a couple friends but multiplayer servers do not work
76561198035961130,Recommended,242880,29794405,Posted: 8 February,all,Cornballshark44,"Survival: checkStealth: checkCoop: bonusCreepy as ♥♥♥♥ robots: check ok time to hideunholy sea montser robot: check not to self never go in the waterok so I haven't put that much time into the game but i got the general feel. That being its creepy, I wish i had a friend to play it with and oh yeah murder driven robots. you will die alot and you will win till you die again and start over. You'll become one with nature and know that if birds are flying away form a place go that way (don't). i say for the price i got it for (3:99) it well worth it but $20 nope buy it when it comes on sale don't buy it for full price"
,Recommended,242880,32854386,Posted: 27 June,all,✿ Kat ✿,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is an interesting game with great concepts. Although the game is really repetitive and mainly consists of running around and finding loot, it's a fun and sometimes creepy experience. 8/10."
,Recommended,242880,11865258,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,$TUP!DOB3ATZ,"Sir, This game puts you in beautiful setting consisting of 5 islands with a clear objective to achieve. Try to survive and even arm yourself to fight off the different kinds of robots hunting you down."
76561198147789412,Recommended,242880,32884394,Posted: 27 June,all,trew domko,great game but better with friends
,Recommended,242880,8042295,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Brdwthacgr,"The tittle is no lie, YOU are being hunted. Sir you are being hunted is a british horror survival game. There are many mechanics in the game well, for an alpha. In this game you must search, kill, hide, run, and escape. You must use strategy through out the whole game, which requires alot of skill. There are 4 biomes: Rural, (I may have spelled that wrong) Fens, Mountains, and industrial. If you have no idea what Rural and Fens mean, dont worry i dont either (or im just bad with british words). Rural is a normal type island, Industrail has alot of houses and buildings, (which means alot more hunters) Fens well... i honestly have no idea because i dont go to Fens often, Mountains... you should be able to figure it out (alot of mountains and buildings are scarce). Stealth is a HUGE part in the game, even if you have loads of ammo and guns. You would never be able to just kill your way through everything. The HUD is pretty good, it shows what wepon you have, health, vitality, and even a visibilty meter, no joke, there is actully a visibility meter. Not much enemys at the moment, but there is the Hunter,(normal robot with a duble barreled shotgun) Mayor, (a robot that protects the town and only shoots you if something was recently stolen from any houses nearby, and shoots you with a revolver) Dog, (can see you alot easier and pins you down so the owner can shoot you) Stray dog, (runs around and randomly pins you from time to time) Scarecrow, (as scary as slenderman) poacher, (has a blunderbuss and lays traps in forests and is only found in forests) Sea monster, (bassicly, just dont go in water) and the balloon (flys around in the air with a spotlight, walking in to the spotlight will cause an alarm to go off and spoiling your position. This game is also very creppy. There is only a few wepon, duble barreled shotgun, revolver, hachet, rifle, blunderbuss. each has thier on purpuse. Hope you enjoyed my 2 hour reveiw!"
76561198089177217,Recommended,242880,9410439,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Tahm,10/10 spoopy
,Recommended,242880,7855519,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ummarth,"This is a really fun little game. I still haven't beaten it, but that may just be my playstyle; I tend to enjoy a local stout or too while being hunted. The updeates are very nice, and the new biomes really add a layer of depth and strategy to the game that some may have felt missing. The robots are fun, I particularly enjoy the scarecrow. The narrator is cake. The Britishisms and overall snarkiness of the game is my favorite aspect.It reminds me of the feeling I get when playing Day Z, running around, knowing someone is always watching you, looking for loot - suddenly shot at and running away like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ with dirty britches. It's a lot of fun and I can't wait to see the full release."
,Not Recommended,242880,11187842,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[4th]KijikGhost,"Very LOOOOOOOONNNNNNGGGGG game to play which mostly involves you trying to find fragments that are being babyguarded by 2 or more robots, making it extremely hard to actually get the fragment. The stealth aspect is GREAT in this game, and when you first play it, it is quite terrifying. But this effect wears out quickly and soon hiding from robots becomes quite boring and the game starts to feel impossible with the huge army of robots hunting you 24/7. Although difficult, I really have to say that the idea was great, but it lacks in horror."
,Not Recommended,242880,34280618,Posted: 16 August,all,haha_titan,"You may notice that I am writing this review with a mere 0.3 hours of play time. This is because I never got the chance to play.When I purchased this game, it was on sale for 80% off. Initially, I was a bit uneasy about buying a game that was considered ""finished"" (A fancy term for abandoned) but I thought it was for sure worth it when I saw the sale. I found a friend to play it with, and we both bought it. First thing we wanted to do was play multiplayer, as that was, quite frankly, what we bought it for.Here's where it gets a little tricky...Multiplayer simply was not working. All of my play time was trying to get multiplayer to work, and it simply was not having it. We searched up possible solutions to it on Google, but the problems seem to have been ongoing since as early as 2015 when multiplayer was first added to the game. Just don't buy this game if you're getting it for multiplayer.""Finished"" my♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198039305744,Not Recommended,242880,33788905,Posted: 25 July,all,Drifter,"Honestly, I can find some enjoyment in this game....but there is a downside. If you are an avid stealth player you may have trouble, but if you fire even one shot from any weapon you must run. If you don't like to run and if you're like me and you enjoy a good firefight then this game is not for you. Many times I have opened fire on the robots trying to pick up a new weapon or A BAG OF MINTS and each time more and more robots would come after me, always from a blindside and always capable of killing you and if you do by some holy miracle of sweet Jesus manage to kill them, then the rewards you find are very disappointing. A broken shotgun, a piece of meat, a skull, or a BAG OF MINTS?! Killed three robots and got a bag of mint!In summary, I don't like stealth games very much and wouldn't recommend this game to anyone who doesn't."
,Not Recommended,242880,31509773,Posted: 2 May,all,The Gentlest Unicorn,"Very unfinished feeling game, with extremely annoying user interface bugs. Very little enjoyment to be had"
76561197977765439,Not Recommended,242880,25772108,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Axem Red,"Rushed out thanks to pre-orders, it seems like another would-be interested game was shot down by lazy developers who didn't feel like putting in more work into their game past the Alpha stage. Textures and the world as a whole is colorless, flat, and unpolished. Lacking any third dimension of gameplay elements in favor of running along a flat ground clicking on massive treasure chests(The buildings). The gameplay is boring, repetitive, and the AI easily exploited while you try to collect 12 mcguffins in a world you don't care about in the slightest because there is no plot. If my gameplay strategy becomes ""Run through areas skipping everything, while spam clicking left mouse button on the plot thing"" You've made a boring and bad game. While the world is randomly generated and can be immersive with some interested features, the devs ignored requests for a more complex and interactive environment and flatly didn't care during development about doing anything other than getting their rapidly pre-ordered idea ""released"". And what we ended up with is yet another mediocre ""survival"" preorder culture game that's overpriced and underdeveloped. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. There are many other similar games coming out soon such We Happy Few and Hello Neighbor that would be a better purchase."
,Not Recommended,242880,13959912,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,gay person of white color,"I usually go for a clear shot when I buy a game. I want  to spend my money correctly... but this time around I just wanted to try something I didn't know anything about--- I made a huge mistakeDon't get me wrong, the game by itself has infinite amount of potential, but the execution? Really terribleThe ""tetris like""inventory management is greatly done and innovative... that's what I thought at first... but as you find pieces of the... thing (?) it gets full in no time and you have to go back and forth between islands.The saves, goddamn, the saves! Why can't you save whenever you want? Why do you have to be in a boat or go to the Stonehenge construction thingy? Why? It seems like the developers wanted a way to keep you as busy as possible, when instead, they are just annoying you with having to do all those ungrateful tasks.The combat is decent, but really, the same everytime: get in area, kill 2-3 bots, get out. That's it!Traps are also friking terrible.Another HUGE problem is how big the island are: this isn't a real problem by itself, but considering that most of the times you will have to sneak around enemies... it could litterally take you 15 minutes to get from one side to another of the map.The looting is uninteresting, the game lacks rare and cool guns, bibs and bobs, goddamn for a game that's, in great part, composed of looting, the only things you find are rat meat and useless junk 90% of the times?No. No. No.There is no excuse to this repetitive and badly made gameplay.This game has nothing more to offer, than a headache. Not recommended at all.I will come back to this when and if there will be a great changelist, that's gonna get me interested again in the game."
76561198116314115,Recommended,242880,10281398,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Majorian's Mask,"Really quite an excellent game! It has all the ambiance of ""After London"" by Richard Jefferies plus the thrill of a good old fashioned strategy/horror game."
76561198106096794,Recommended,242880,10997388,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Fabuloussaurus Rex,The feeling of being hunted is so creepy and funny! This game is awesome. 10/10
,Recommended,242880,10024685,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Mr.Css,I really like the idea of this game. It's really thrilling/scary to sneak around in the wilderness with robots hunting you. The only thing that would make this game better is Coop or maybe multiplayer up to 4 players. The game can get kind of boring when walking around completely alone hour after hour...But overall this game is worth the money!
76561198042123505,Recommended,242880,13063405,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Will Fukovach,"Having played games in the real world such as paintball and having hunted wild boars with a double barrelled shotgun, this game gravely recreates the stress, adrenaline and aesthetics of those experiences. The stealth is insanely realistic and you are forced to stay hidden in shadows, vegetation and below topographical features. The sound of a robot is distressing and you need to turn on your hyper perception to see and hear them before they see you. Sometimes, a gun fight is unavoidable, the best cover with fast thinking and reactions are needed when a robot lifts his gun in your direction. Stressful decisions must be made all the time; fight or flight, stealth or rush, stop bleeding or keep running, rush or stealth. There are many different types of robots after you and jump scares should be expected frequently. On top of the action and stealth, there is breathe taking scenery, 5 very different biomes and the world is always changing weather and time of day.I personally find this game hard to play due to all the stress it gives me but it's certainly rewarding. I have yet to play this game properly due to lost progress in previous updates. The developers have not added more content in a long time due to some networking issues of a multiplayer update. They are planning to release the multiplayer update early next year and I'm highly anticipating coop with friends. As a result, the game is still a bit barren like a beta but it should get more content and details in the future. Even though a great deal of improvement of a great game can be expected in the future give some thought about getting this game now to support the great indie developers."
,Recommended,242880,11293017,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Axleisonfire,"What to say...This loveably quirky game is a delight for the eyes. The random english contryside means no two games are ever the same. Although many find it difficult to pickup, keeping your nerve and putting a bit of thought into the game means you will be satisfied in no time.So what are you waiting for? Grab your tea and buiscuits and prove the mechanical devils wrong."
,Recommended,242880,11810224,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Lock,"great game, really cool setting and feel - genuinely tense when things start getting a bit harder!"
76561198143400147,Recommended,242880,11468354,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,LongHorn Peppers,"I love this game, it is so intense at some moments that you have to take some breaks. It never gets old with the randomly generated worlds."
76561198144401519,Recommended,242880,18945606,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,soapersmcbubble,"Super-tense high stakes stealth action! Tactics feel extremely genuine, and are highly reminiscent of real-world stealth! Excellent game, good sir!"
,Recommended,242880,11404330,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Isaroth,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a great stealth based game where you are being hunted by British robots who roam the country-side and small towns which dot the landscape.The point of the game is to survive and escape the robotic realm which you are in. You need to collect pieces of a device and gather them at a point on the central island in order for you to return to your home.I have to say that 'Sir' is a brilliant game, it does force you to be stealthy at almost every turn since weapons to defend yourself are rare and many times only draw more patrols to your position.Basically; if you like sneaking around, trying to avoid detection, get this game and don't get caught."
,Recommended,242880,11835557,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,mk,"I love the ambiguity and wonder this game produces. I haven't quite looked into much on the robots themselves, but I find that the immersion comes from wondering just what the robots are and observing their behaviors. Trying to stay hidden can be somewhat of a chore, but I find that it takes some amount of practice to be able to successfully sneak or confront robots and remain alive. Building your inventory is less ""what if"" and more ""this is what I need right now"". Some weapons and items are outright useless (I've had no luck using bear traps at all. I was able to set one off, but it just sat floating in the air). The weapon mechanics take getting used to, especially with the hatchet, but they are entirely usable, such as the shotgun and revolver. I enjoy the pseudo-sandbox aspect, wherein you can change your class to increase or decrease the difficulty and change what and when different robots appear throughout the game. Bottom line, Sir requires a bit of immersion on the player's end, which can be tough for some people who are used to better stealth games, but this game gives me chills and a racing heart. I have no idea what most of the robots are there for, but I really don't want to find out."
,Recommended,242880,8276411,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,HimBibble,"A very fun survival game, It's not too easy, and not too hard."
,Recommended,242880,18746316,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,OLink,"Sir, You are being Huntedis an O.K. game i guess. This game has some pretty interesting and varied enemies. What makes this game different from other stealth games is the fact that enemies can see you from much farther away than in most stealth games, at least that's how I feel. But then again, they reallyneedto, given the maps wide landscapes.Sir, You are being Huntedreally had me on the edge of my seat at some points, but that being said, it has next to no replay value (to me!)...I was done with the game after like 3 hours and have no intention of playing it again soon, maybe in a few months.To sum up: I had a jolly good time withSir, but it was a rather short time. I wouldn't pay the full price for this game (20€) but I can definitely recommend it at a good sale price."
76561198046245105,Recommended,242880,7443702,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,thread,"A great tense horror game, a must buy for everyone!"
,Recommended,242880,10052159,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Mamma Mia Pizzeria,This game respects me more than my family.
,Recommended,242880,11114259,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Dread Pirate Tuco,"At first glance, it's not much - but underneath it's tweed-punk exterior lies an awesome trial of wits and cauculation. Throw all your afternoons into it and see how much you can learn as a robot hunter and explorer... Or die trying."
,Recommended,242880,9998354,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Felipe Martinez,"This is an amazing game i would recomend to anyone who likes games like Don't Stave, its like a 3D version!!"
76561198079647536,Recommended,242880,19281373,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,OneEyeBry,Super fun and a great game
,Recommended,242880,11938103,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,lavamasterx,"A fun Stealth/Survival game. Ironically, these are my two favorite genres! It can get kind of repetitive and odd at times, and the graphics aren't great, but it runs quite smoothly and the gameplay makes up for all the weird, displaced things in the game. 8/10"
,Recommended,242880,21011763,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,☢Gladius☢ 👌👽,"Played with a friend, literally killed everything on the island COD style1/1"
,Recommended,242880,20022264,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Radical Atheist Terror,"I see two hunters and a dog guarding a peice of the device, I shoot one of the hunters at medium range with the blunderbuss, he dies instantly. The dog charges me, knowing I won't have time to reload, I draw my trusty shotty and gun `im down. I see the other hunter lining up a shot at me, I shoot him once, knowing he will survive, but will be forced to retreat. He flees. I chase the Blighter down and give him a double-barreled shotgun to the face.10/10 would completely ignore the game's pleas for me to be stealthy again.But, on a more serious note, here are the pros and cons.Pros:*Fantastic atmosphere*THE BEST sound design of any game I have ever played*Spot on humor*Inovative, unique guerrilla warfare based combat*Doesn't rely on scripted, highly predictable jump-scares*IS ACTUALY SCARY*Brutal, but fair difficulty*One of the best procedural generation systems of any game I have ever played*Well balanced gameplay(every item is equaly useful)*GORGEOUS lighting engine*Brilliant, fittingly creepy soundtrack*Not even slightly buggy*Succefully manages to strike a perfect balance between horror and comedyCons:*Low quality graphics*You will be going through A LOT of pairs of pants"
,Recommended,242880,11194460,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Dan Bolivar VO,"A quite enjoyable game... Survival at its best... Only without the zombies (which is quite refreshing).I'm not sure if there's some form of backpack item to expand the inventory, because the gems one needs to recover in order to win, take up nearly half of the available carry-space... Which is my only complaint should there NOT be a backpack to be found somewhere in the procedurally generated islands.I seriously felt hunted by the robots, so much in fact, that the feeling persisted even when I closed the game.Paranoid me? nah! The game is simply very immersive.I love the graphics also, cartoony, yet very well rendered... and I should know, I'm a 3d artist. ;)"
,Recommended,242880,14107726,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,mmm!5NATCH,"A thrilling FPS experience which provides plenty of action, challenging gameplay and growing suspense as you progress.You Sir (Or Madam), begin your adventure by spawning next to the standing stones. Unsure of what's happened, A voice explains to you that you need to collect some stones and return them back to where you are currently standing.The problem facing the player is that these stones have been scattered randomly across the world and they are all well guarded by some deadly robot hunters. There isn't much explanation on why or how the robots got here, but one thing players learn very quickly when playing this game is that these robots only want you dead.A world is made up of five islands: the centre is where you begin and has islands connected north, south, east and west. While the world is randomly generated at the start of the game, you can choose to have each island stick to a theme or bio dome and there are a few different bio domes to select from.Some bio domes available are simple rural areas which provide plenty of long grass, bushes and some villages. Old Crumbling castles, Stone work and Tall Churches and my favourite The Industrial Bio Dome. Gloomy skies, Brick Mills and Huge abandoned factories.The enviroments are well detailed, you wont see any bright and happy skies as the usual weather forecase is often overcast and cloudly. Accompanied by dark surroundings that constrast with a world of no electricty. However the coloured clouds by the sunset or sunrise in the mornings can often leave some incredible wallpaper worthy like pictures but they also enhance the feeling of being alone in the wilderness.And while you may feel alone, There's always something out there to remind you that you're not.The Robots have many different forms. Your average hunter robot smokes a pipe, carrys a rifle and looks left and right, while patroling his area. They will talk to other robots in their strange robotic voice, sometimes you can work out what they're saying too and its funny.Early on the robots are found walking through the area, and you can always expect them to be near some fragements of the stones you are trying to collect. If you manage to snatch one  of them and return it back to the standing stones where you spawned, You'll be a step closer to winning the game, but more advanced robots appear...should you set one of these bots off They'll aim to chase you and find a good range to shoot you. Be aware, It will not take them long to take you down. The early robots may appear to be dumb for a while but 3 or 4 shots and you're dead.It's also worth noting that taking damage you risk a chance to bleed, if you dont treat the wound asap you could possibly bleed out and eventually die very quickly. The sense of panic while trying to apply a bandage as well as having a robot chase you for a better shot is fun in its own wayBleeding? Bandages? You'll need to carry some for a lot of 'just in case' scenarios so players will need to plunder houses, buildings and anything else that may contain loot. Because while you're looking for ammo for guns, tools to distract the robots or first aid. You'll need to look after you're vitality meter too. Fortunately this isn't too hard to look after, Simply keep this meter high up and you'll heal  and have energy to run and jump. you'll start by eating dead rats, old eggs and maybe even cat food but over time you'll find more healthier things to maintain good vitality.By the way, Try the mushrooms...The best part of this game is the sense of flight or fight.Sure you might have loads of ammo and you're good shot with your gun, but opening fire may alert robots near by and draw them closer. The other idea is using traps and devices to distract robots so you can walk past, loot a certain building or even take one of those special rocks to win the game. Ammo doesn't show up very often, so you will need to find alternatives to deal with robots if they stand in your way without drawing attention to yourself or resorting to violence.Sir, you are being hunted provides many great moments where you will enjoy outwitting the robots for your own gain and frantic moments running like a fugitive and never looking behind you because it means death. The Vitality system makes the player remember the on going need for surivial but it isn't too difficult or complex and the variety of enemy robots deliver different types of AI and behaviour, they can be hilarious at times but in the right scenarios can be intimidating and sometimes even scary.I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys FPS and enjoys the whole stealth approach and having their brains tested, Also use headphones with surround sound for the best experince."
,Recommended,242880,9990570,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Plastic Legs,Hard.
76561198074931564,Recommended,242880,10033785,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,glug,"A strange, exotic game with plenty of humour, suspense and action."
76561197970024915,Recommended,242880,11304457,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,The Apostle,What a great British dark humoured indie game.  The difficulty increases as you progress to the point where you actually have to use your alcohol ravaged brain and wait for the right moment to move out of cover.  The graphics work well and boshing a few in game magic mushrooms gives you a very similar effect to the real thing.  Manage your resources well stock pile ammo and enjoy ur robot hunting my friends!
,Recommended,242880,10049207,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,The One & Only Caterpillar,"Absolutely love this game. I wish it had a co op feature, but otherwise fantastic."
,Recommended,242880,18194131,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,chethecat,"Sir, you are being hunted.Oh, what's this-- my inventory?  *BLAM*Load from save.Okay, hide behind that tree, open inventory.  *BLAM*Load from save.Okay, so it wasn't quite *that* quick but I have to admit being awful at this game. But that does not preclude my recognizing the game being of decent quality which is why I recommend it.  I am not going to badmouth it just because I'm not very good at it.Pick it up, if it sounds like your style, and may your survival be longer than mine."
,Recommended,242880,1374055,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,••,"Whenever I search houses & stuff for items, all I'm finding is bags of garbage. I'm pretty sure they don't do anything other than take up inventory space, too."
,Recommended,242880,11574360,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Kokoloko,"Very atmospheric stealth game with increasing difficulty, very british and funny stlye, compelling, moody, worth your 5 bucks or so and your time. Very good and fair AI as well."
76561198112139289,Recommended,242880,13969787,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Jävla Snupp,Graphics - 87%Realism - 73%Reason of the game - 90%Badness - 8%Combat - 48% (i mean- only thing that you cannot kill in meele is Landowner)Hardness - 60%British - 110%Fun - 97%Blood - 0%Game is very very good. Its totally woth buying it but the bad thing is... its kinda expensive. I buyed it on a sale. So if it comes on a 50% or more you have to buy it!! dont eat dead rats...
,Recommended,242880,2257555,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,VeTaL,Amazing survival game. Definitely worth support.
,Recommended,242880,10974078,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Y|yukichigai,"Sir, You Are Being Huntedalmost passed under my radar.  It's quirky name and decidedly tongue-in-cheek ""maximum Britishness"" approach made me think it was going to be too much gimmick and not enough game.  I am happy to say that was not the case.SYABH(what an acronym) is a solid game that perfectly captures the appeal of the stealth FPS genre, but with its own unique ambiance and the added boon of high replayability thanks to random map generation.To be more specific about the gameplay,SYABHseems to combine a lot of elements from other stealth (or stealth-optional) shooters into one attractive result.  Combat plays out a bit likeDeus Ex, of all things: crouching is the key to being unobserved, enemies won't detect you if you're not in line of sight, and sometimes the best choice in combat is to simply leg it.  Inventory management is also a bit likeDeus Ex, certainly with the grid-based ""you have X slots"" system, but the use and variety of items is more reminescent ofS.T.A.L.K.E.R., especially with the game's focus on looting and storage.S.T.A.L.K.E.R.also comes to mind with the game's health and vitality (read: food) system, along with the possibility of bleeding from injuries and the necessity to stop said bleeding with bandages.As for the ambiance, it's very tongue-in-cheek humorous while also retaining that real sense of danger and, dare I say it, horror at times.  Some enemies can and do strike fear into your heart if you see them under the wrong circumstances, which in this game is more often than not.  Above all though this game is very, very British.  The robots look British, say British things, and act British.  I once caught a hunting party stopping mid-field to have tea before continuing on.  It's the little touches that make this game charming, some of which I'm sure I'm missing because I'm not British myself.Difficulty wise, I've found this game pretty decent.  Early on the game is easy for anyone experienced with stealth combat, particularly forDeus Explayers.  The basic robot variant is fairly easy to take on in combat if you're sneaky, and will even reliably miss you at close range so long as you're circle-strafing.  Once more variants start showing up though, or even simply start appearing in more numbers, things definitely get more challenging.  Certain combinations and/or numbers of enemies are definite ""run away only"" situations no matter how much firepower you've managed to scavenge, and just sprinting across the landscape in the hopes that you won't get shot too much simply won't work anymore.  You have to think, observe, and plan in order to make it to the end of the game, picking your battles where you can.  It's a reasonable difficulty ramp, and one you can tackle more or less at your own pace, since it seems to be tied to how much of the game's central fetch quest you've completed.Overall,Sir, You Are Being Huntedis an enjoyable game that manages to amuse in one second and induce very real tension and even a touch of fear in the next.  Anyone who likes the sort of stealthy resource-reliant looting-with-optional-combat type gameplay seen inS.T.A.L.K.E.R.,Deus Ex, and countless other titles will find that same part of their game brain satified by this, and the randomized and adjustable nature of the game makes it highly replayable.  If that sounds like your kind of game, then it's well worth the modest asking price."
,Recommended,242880,13270325,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Jabjab67,"Here is my first trap:Sets out bear trapSets out a clock, that goes offRobot comes towards meRobot diesWalks over to bodyRemebers my second trapGets cought by itDies from bleedingWorth the 20 dollars10/10"
,Recommended,242880,9135106,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Valax321,"Don't be fooled by this game's silly title; it is SCARY. Not because its dark or the enemies have their intestines hanging out, but because of the amazing sense of apprehension and fear it manages to build with minimal sound or graphic complexity. There is something about being hunted by robots with guns, horses and dogs that makes you feel powerless and weak. However, this is probably the game's negative too: it can be quite frustrating when you have 2 shotgun ammo, a rock and alcohol to survive 10 robots (this happens often later on if you're not stealthy). I would like to see mod support added (not sure if it is possible with Unity), some more biome options (there are greyed out ""edit"" buttons so I assume its coming) and maybe customisable difficulty (like robot spawn rates, robot health, accuracy, and senses). Overall, this Early Access game has to be one of the best on the system. It has tension, 19th century guns and plenty of British accents. Definitely worth $15 - $20."
76561198103099288,Recommended,242880,16614050,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Excellent Name,"Interesting concept that I would love to see developed on, insanely difficult with very little cover however. Also extremely british"
,Recommended,242880,9925172,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,K!netic,"Let me assuage your fears: the game is good, and isn't half-built like other Early Access titles.The difficulty progression is very solid, and the variety of robots is impressive (and keeps things from getting old). The map generation doesn't feel too predictable, and i never felt as if the game had put me into a no-win situation (which is impressive, for such a randomly/procedurally generated game). But it was a little weird to have to travel between islands - i would have preferred to have one giant island.That said, there's definitely more work to be done before I could honestly recommend this as a gift for someone. More variety to the map set pieces would help a lot, as well as more variety to the items. It also wouldn't hurt to have higher resolution textures, i felt like i could fit my whole character into one texel of the ground's texture."
,Recommended,242880,22491156,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TimeGuy67678,"Great story line, very inventive, but sometimes it is hard to find food and ammo, I give it 9 out of 10. PS this is non-violent."
76561198029886864,Recommended,242880,9252753,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Zomb,"One of the best games i've seen. It's still in development, but the concept of playing this with some chaps and ending up having to kill eachother for the last fragment sounds rather entertaining."
,Recommended,242880,9323689,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Cheetodexter,Pretty good sneakin shootin survivin game
,Recommended,242880,17869788,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,B U C C,Gets in thinking this game will be a bit comedicGets the most horrifying experience of being shot at British Robots with moustaches and top hats10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
76561198023469067,Recommended,242880,31072123,Posted: 10 April,all,[RappaSlappaAlpha]zyppton[BOOTY],Really cool atmosphere. Very skilled based. Actually takes a lot of observation and strategy. Maybe just not for everyone.
,Recommended,242880,34876842,Posted: 10 September,all,Auder123,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a survival and stealth game.The game has you placed on an odd British Island where groups of robot hunters are hunting you down. Your job is to find stones to put into a machine to escape.The gameplay can be pretty fun, you need to hide in bushes away from the robots, loot houses for food and supplies, and eventually get a weapon to help defend yourself.There is a large variety of robots that can hunt you down. There are normal hunters, poachers, air balloons, a robot scarecrow and more.For me the gameplay did get a bit repetitive after an hour of looting and running away and it can take a while to find all of the parts to escape which can get boring.The AI in the game is decent. They see you based on a visibility and sound system which is a bit flawed. If you're sitting in some thick grass and don't move the robots can basically step on your toes, but if you even shift your foot everything in a 10 meter radius will immediately storm to your location and fire.If you can past those couple of flaws and don't mind spending a couple of hours doing the same thing then this is a pretty solid game although it is a little pricey."
,Recommended,242880,11226305,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,xSkeletalx,I shot a robot in the face and killed him.Then I took his stuff and ran away from more robots.I also found ten dead rats in a telephone booth.9/10
76561197984167877,Not Recommended,242880,10587028,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,skyhigh,"Nice concept but overall, very shallow game. No replay value whatsoever. Could have been (be?) so much better."
,Not Recommended,242880,11222388,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Qoght,3/10 - Really boring.  I was hoping for more of a sandbox/survival
76561198143032546,Not Recommended,242880,31289246,Posted: 21 April,all,Littleninja1,It's not special in stealth terms. I don't recommend it. It's like a very hard easter egg hunt
,Recommended,242880,18839661,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sam,Not DayZ.10/10
,Recommended,242880,9750769,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Betelgeuse,There's nothing more harrowing than being chased across the English countryside while being shot at by blunderbuss-wielding robots!
,Not Recommended,242880,11208382,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,luvcraft,"I'll give this game another try when it's further in development. Currently it offers a giant empty world that you move through EXCRUCIATINGLY slowly, even at a run, punctuated by robots that kill you in a couple of shots, won't stop chasing you if they see you, and summon more robots on death. Also the controller options are broken, so although it says ""full controller support"", it can really only be played with KBM.I think the premise is great and has a lot of potential, and this game's on its way to realizing it, but it's not there yet. Hopefully it will be someday."
,Recommended,242880,7974306,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Pistol,"If you like a good challenge and replay value with a steampunk twist, then definitely give this game a try."
,Not Recommended,242880,25865662,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,camillo,"The Game itself is OK. Actually it's pretty good but the saving system sucks. Yes, a quick-save option would kill the game, but what's the problem  with 'Save and Quit'? Have you ever terminated Don't Starve (or whatever might be your favourite Save-and-Quit-Game) because you made a mistake? I just don't have time to play a game as long as the developer wants me to. So if you don't have work to do and you have no problem delaying meals to keep playing to the next savepoint, or if your family doesn't value your presence anyways and your boss accepts the 'I-had-to-find-a-savepoint-Excuse'...well...then this game might be for you."
76561198023960842,Recommended,242880,26346497,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Snake MacTavish,"Should've called this game ""Terminiator: The Brexit Ultimatum"" because that's what it feels like.Fantasitic game.  9/10. Didn't find nearly as much tea and biscuits as I had initially hoped."
76561198067063862,Not Recommended,242880,34625933,Posted: 30 August,all,TheFoxHunter,This game is a total borefest. I highly advice not buying it unless it goes on sale...
,Recommended,242880,9169689,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Paban,"Awesome game!Seriusly, who ever thought about a BRITISH ROBOTS APOCALYPSE?Everyone thinking only about zombies.PFF."
,Recommended,242880,7831921,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Mister Captain,It's a hard game. I like it and I don't. You die easily.
76561198030199097,Not Recommended,242880,31132692,Posted: 14 April,all,mattias,"I´ve spent more than 1,5 hours ingame trying to get multiplayer to work.It´s probably a fun game singleplayer and it really looks fun in multiplayer on youtube. But...Don´t sell games over steam that you can´t play through steamworks. Plug and Play should be standard.I´ve tried all the stuff the developers have said is known to cause problems. Port forwarding, firewall issues etc.A lot of people have posted similar problems on their discussionforums. And I get that it might be something on my end but it´s weird that I have 50+ multiplayer games on Steam that works flawlessly but this doesn´t. And we were several friends who we´re coming togheter for a Lan-weekend who I talked into buying it and Neither have been able to see any public servers either here nor at home.At this point I´m just saying ♥♥♥♥ it. I´ll reimburse my friends with some pizza. It´s not like I spent a fortune on the game. The real waste was our time trying to get it to work.I might still try the game more in singleplayer. But yeah. Dissapointed."
,Recommended,242880,12589446,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,eur0trash,Run away from gentlemanly terminators while eating british cuisine you found in a shed. Would recommend 7.5/10
76561198031366984,Recommended,242880,10443724,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Deathgeese,"I really like this game.I've enjoyed playing this game since day 1.  The gameplay is completely free-form--no being told what to do--and can be quite challenging and tense at times.  Some people have complained about the graphics (I actually like the graphics).  This isn't Crysis, but I believe the gameplay and challenge make up for the visuals.The downsides of this game are that it can get repetitive.  After I beat the game, I rarely start playing another file.  But it's definitely fun and one of the few times within the past couple years where I truly don't regret a Steam purchase."
76561198102543042,Recommended,242880,7977924,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dev the Friendly Crusader,"When I first heard about this game, I was on the fence about buying it for early access. I am glad I did though! While there are some bugs and things that still need to be ironed out, the game is great and is very tense and provides a lot of fun. I highly recommend the game for anyone in need of a cheap, fun, british survival game."
76561198010977411,Recommended,242880,11185732,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Commander554,">Me be runningMy finger throttles the trigger repeatedely as I run in absolute terror from the things. My borderline death is only matched by my skill in hiding, which I find a cornfield to hide in.Mistake number oneI take notice of my surrondings...Corn- No♥♥♥♥♥♥a scarecrow- Jajaa small shack- AlrightyI start towards the small shack, hoping that maybe some ammo would fill my rifle. I pass the scarecrow, who I now notice has a pristine roboty look. I continue torwards the shack only to hear the most terrifying shreak behind me. Lone behold, the Scarecrow is alive. and boy, he F'd me. He F'd me real good.11/10"
,Recommended,242880,10031162,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Lazy~Bones,"I've never been startled by gunshots in any game as many times as I have in this one. This game really gives that sense of adrenaline pumping action, kinda like playing capture the flag... but with guns."
76561198077023301,Recommended,242880,10032125,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Mytch,"Arguably one of the better robot survival horror games. Perhaps even the only robot survival horror game. Either way, it is an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,242880,7976666,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Democrat,Great survival game. I can't wait to see multi player added to the game.
,Recommended,242880,10046660,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Salte Pär,"You are a British gentleman being hunted by British gentleman robots, the goal is to find a number of gems scattered across 5 randomly generated islands while also avoiding your robotic enemies. The AI is absolutely ruthless and once they've seen you it will be extremly hard to remain hidden, there's a variety of enemy types so things won't feel very repetive and you will have to use different strategies to get past different sections. You will also have to find food and other resources by scavenging various buildings, if you don't eat you will eventually starve to death. If you're into the stealth genre you might want to give this a try, it is a truly challenging stealth experience that won't hold your hand at all."
,Recommended,242880,11212084,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Santas Helper,"True stealth game. Be warned: if you lack patience, you will hate this game. If you play stealth mode in rpgfps games like deus ex, thief, etc you will love this. Really gives that feeling of a struggle to stay alive and accomplish your mission without being seen. Very basic mechanics and goal, but very enjoyable and immersive atmosphere thus far. Love the fact you can fully customize each stage of progress to make it more or less challenging or unique for different style playthroughs. I can see myself playing this repeatedly once I finish the default playthrough. Have not experimented with the custom terrain tool, but it states it is still very buggy, so I guess I'll wait on that for later. Anyhow, great game so far, the different biomes all have a very unique feel so make sure you have one of each in your playthrough! *rural is pretty boring compared to the others and the starting island is always rural.*"
,Recommended,242880,8872050,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,L A N U,You dont have a gun. The robots do. Try to survive
76561198025093178,Recommended,242880,11197864,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ihKu47,"Do you like stealth games? Do you like robots? Do you like -punk universes? If at least 2/3 of your answers are yes, you should get this game! I've been playing it since it was early access and feel like the devs have managed to balance every item and robot type very well, and you can tweak stuff in the options to suit your tastes.Some initial reviews say that you don't really feel as hunted as the name suggests, and at the time that was true. The robots spent much of their time with the teleporter fragments you're gathering, largely allowing you to set the terms of the confrontation. In the full release, however, the devs have upped the number of robot patrols and depending on how your island generated, you really can't get too far without having to duck in the grass, the bushes, the woods or behind a structure. There's gentleman robots looking for you all around. There's trappers in the woods / bushes. There's bots ready to stalk you on the fields. Every environment (but not every island type) has its own special hunters, and some hunters look for you all around. Lucky for you, some of the bots don't get along and will fight when they encounter each other, allowing you a chance to escape or get some loot when things die down. There will usually be some at the fragments too, since the bots know you will be coming to get them sooner or later.With the variety of enemy types and starting equipment, beautiful environments that are randomly regenerated each time you start a new game, different options to customize your game (even removing all the enemies if you just like to walk around) Sir is an excellent choice for the stealth enthusiast. The graphics aren't to everyone's tastes, and the open world environment with its own stealth mechanics might rub some of the fans of the genre the wrong way. Personally, I adore the look and the mechanics, but these are the gripes others have repeatedly expressed and which seem to be dragging the metascore down.TL;DR: Stealth is cool, robots are cool, tweedpunk is cool - Sir, You Are Being Hunted is cool. Buy and enjoy."
,Recommended,242880,18618948,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Estronimo,These robots are both terrifying and classy
,Recommended,242880,8276298,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mellow Mike,"Do you like having scarce resources?Do you like thinking carefully about your inevittably risky decisions?Do you like foliage?GOOD.Jokes aside, awesome alpha, can't wait for the full game."
,Recommended,242880,11201655,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,{G.I.T.V} ♛Legendary Villain♛,"I don't care to consort with those of the robot race. The perfect game for people who hate robots and want to make them feel superior, only to lure them into the tall grass and chop them to pieces with a wood-axe.A Dubious 10/10!"
,Recommended,242880,19948911,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Xero,"THIS GAME GOT SO MUCH BETTER WITH MULTIPLAYER!! Tons of laughs with my friends playing this. At first we played together to survive against the robots hunting us, and get off the island ASAP. When we realized we could turn the game into a free-for-all, kill-or-be-killed fight for survival against both each other and the menacing posh ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ robots, all trust was lost."
,Recommended,242880,9226160,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Degede,"Game is great in concept, but still feels somewhat incomplete. Patches are frequently released, so with any luck it will shape out to be a great game."
,Recommended,242880,9249403,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,[KotCP] Reverse,"A wonderfully difficult, humerous, and all around good, survival game. I highly recomend."
,Recommended,242880,13947954,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Napoleon Boneabark,"First time playingMade a mapWaited 6 mins for it to loadPicked a classCrawled around in the grass for 5 minsSaw some robots passHad flashbacks to Call of Duty 4 ""Let them pass Price""I saw a group of them around a fireOne was holding a human headI trew a stick of TNT in the middleThey scatteredSwinging an axe I came out screaming ""YOU CAN TAKE MY LIFE BUT YOU CAN TAKE MY FREEDOM!!""Choped up them alland then had a crumpet and a spot of tea10/10-not IGN"
76561198010166626,Recommended,242880,9998531,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,NinjaMushroom,spiffing
,Recommended,242880,10095811,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Krob,"I really like this game a lot.  Super different.The environments and ambience are beautfully done.  The gameplay is open-ended in a way, and you have to figure things out as you go.  I think that the reviews of this game are quite silly being that it isn't trying to be Day Z or Rust or something...it's a game.I think it's worth a go for some late night romping."
,Recommended,242880,7957481,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Greek Magic,"This game is really great! I have not played much as of writing this, but the game feels very stealth-driven and the fact that you are without weapons in the beginning makes you feel very vulnerable. Once you get weapons, it is still very hard, but you feel more in control. Soon, co-op will be added with a game mode in which two players can help each-other get the pieces, but only one can leave the island. I highly recommend this game. Also, it is not very hard to run, and the art style is really cool."
,Recommended,242880,10961870,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Grantish,"very fun game, i havn't played a ton of it but from what i have played of it, it was awesome. if you want a good suspensful scavenger game then this is for you. it still provides a decent challenge even when you choose the easy class. they even have a map editor and bot setup so if you reallly want to challenge yourself you have that option."
76561198030730832,Recommended,242880,10992879,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,tresseb1,Can't wait for DLC for this game its so much fun.
,Recommended,242880,10783471,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,I ШΔ∏Ƭ ƬΘ DIΣ ƬƁH,It's like Day Z but with FIRE SUPPORT!-The Entire Human Race of Mankind 10/10
76561198047143384,Recommended,242880,8203316,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ENCR0ACHER,"This game is worth every penny that goes to it's developers. Let yourself fall into the immersion and get paranoid or get aggressive. This is some of the best survival genre gameplay, I have experienced myself, that many of the 'bigger' survival games miss. Love the art style. Love the sounds. Love crapping my pants as I'm keeping an eye on a pack of hunters in the cornfield when that damn balloon siren goes off!!!! :D"
,Recommended,242880,21225674,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,NJ4K,"Man this game is awesome. It's always a random map, so remember to save. The map can take at least 4 minuites to render but it's worth the wait. You are constantly put to the test as you pit your wits and willingness to survive against the creepiest machinces I have ever been hunted by in a game. There are ways to distract them, you can beat them, but it takes practice, tactics and patience.And remember, eat regulary. You're going to need it. Tally ho, wot wot and all that herang. Enjoy the game."
76561198247921086,Recommended,242880,21178266,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,judopops,Awesome. It makes you feel awesome when you cleave a robot down with a hatchet or shoot the pilot in a balloon.
,Recommended,242880,21628026,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Blackkoreanjezuz,"At first when i played this game without the multiplayer, it was pretty scary(Im easily scared) but when you play with friends it just turn into a complete shootingfest, amazingly funny to play with friends!I recommend to buy this game when it's on sale, 19,99€ is quite much(I bought it when it was on like 2,99€)"
,Recommended,242880,30285961,Posted: 2 March,all,Sunshine,"Good job out there! Despite pretty dated graphics, this game has its own charming atmosphere of the good ould Victorian England times but with some modern touch to it. Moreover, I've never played anything more British, which makes this masterpiece a must-have for every Englander on Steam."
,Recommended,242880,13686062,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ersko-Centurion,"Gosh, this game certainly gets your heart pounding! This intense game requires stealth, strategy and good skills with revolvers! I would definately recommend this awesome fast-paced epic to anyone who loves action."
,Recommended,242880,16957392,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Smoke,"A bit clunky and a bif stiff, but the feeling of wonder as you explore the countryside always on alert of possible hunters is really unique and will make you want to come back and give it another try. I'd definitely be in line for a sequel, if it ever came out."
,Recommended,242880,13999560,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DehSpy,"I approached a gentle looking giant that appeared to be an old man walking with a cane in his hand. Soon I found out that it was one of the many forms of things that will try to hunt and destroy you for fun! Not only that, it had a group of robotic dogs to assist it in its goal to kill me."
76561198113961865,Recommended,242880,12883184,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Jynx97,"Its pretty good, just some things I hope to see: Multiplayer, more gear options (like boots that make you faster or quieter), and it would be nice to play just one island not five, I would like to get playsessions done in an hour or so, much better. Other then that worth $5 if on sale, is plenty entertaining."
76561198073064577,Recommended,242880,14706022,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Candalf the Waxy,"No tea came with the game I had to buy it seprate, 0/10"
,Recommended,242880,15706837,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,GrayScale,"This game is bloody funny, challenging, tense, etc. When I first played this game I thought it was going to be a walk in the park and that I was doing the hunting turns out I'm the one being hunted, didn't see that coming, either way this game will give you a large amount of time to fool around with the weapons, tools, and enemies, and all that good stuff, I highly recommend this game if you like stealth and British comedy. 10/10 get stomped on by a Land Owner again."
,Recommended,242880,10714725,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bufftin Liberty,"Can make you scared.You can find funny letters from the robots, like ""ATTENTION ALL HUMANS: Mandatory Drowning Practice today."""
,Recommended,242880,11194095,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Luís Vaz de Camões,"When i started, a group of robots was chasing me, then I found a axe, after that, i jumped on then like  ♥♥♥♥IN KHORNE BEZEKER AND STARTED KILLING ALL THOSE ROBTIC FAGETS.20/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,242880,16012312,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Zach .E | 202,"Great Game. Has an awesome, creepy feel to it. Just one more thing, watch out for the dogs!"
,Recommended,242880,10003988,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Bubbles and Noodles,"Jolly good fun! Play as Sir or Madam Squishy Meatbag as you leg it on splendid english countryside, ducking, diving, and hiding from dastardly mechanized (and well dressed) robo-englishmen.  Scrounge around for any nick-nacks to aid you in your quest of perilous escape not limited to weapons, biscuits, and assorted rubbish.  You will spend hours of rib-smacking good entertainment as you lie in the thicket pleading to an anti-robo deity you just made up at that moment to not get spotted by the party of 3 robo-gentlemen having a shot and a smoke 5 feet from your hiding location.  Writhe in empathetic agony as your character darts around a stone and uses an old discarded evening gown to bandage the nicely rounded hole in your chest kindly administered by a rather tenacious hunter.  Fun for the wife and kids!  Highly recommended.Also don't trust scarecrows, I trusted a scarecrow once.  Don't do it."
,Recommended,242880,11118153,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,potatoeeater42,I would recomend this game if you just wanna have fun and run away from robots and laugh your buttocks off.
76561198018353342,Recommended,242880,9993938,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,SPETSNAZ-774,"Excellent game, a must have."
,Recommended,242880,18475678,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,KingeN *SundblomBiceps,"This is my review of the game Sir, You Are Being Hunted. (8/10 in my opinion)Pros++You have a british accent+Stealth is pretty much REQUIRED (I tried to just run and gun down the robots didn't work well)+One game lasts pretty long (atleast if you haven't played before)Cons--Repetitive (Its the same goal every game)-Cant go into housesSummary:In my opinion this game isn't worth full price but I picked it up for 2$ so for that price it was definitely worth it so it gets a Good rating from me :)"
,Recommended,242880,18476768,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,mcbigboi,gr7 m9
,Recommended,242880,19110964,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Kaiser Martilito,The survival gameplay combined with british culture is quite fantastic indeed.
76561198017710151,Recommended,242880,14088373,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Perinthius,"When I first played it, I thought that the game was somewhat boring and repetitive. Then I gave it a second chance, started to get the hang of things and I really started to like it. Now, not only do I like it, it's one of my favourite steam games! Excellent and innovative! Very fun to play, I absolutely recommend it!8,5/10We need multiplayer!"
,Recommended,242880,16469243,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jimmy,"Sir, you are being Great."
,Recommended,242880,7453701,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,[REDi]1R REC Korst,"This game is a First Person Fox Hunt Simulator, with the most dangerous game of all:A live Human!Once thought eradicated from the Archipelago, the wily creature will be sought out and taken down by only the most experienced of hunters!Experience the thrill of seeking game by it's disturbance of Wildfowl, smouldering Bonfires it leaves behind, and even the salvaged tools of it's kind set in motion!Those of you who have yet to have a head taxidermied, now is your chance to show your friends how far you've come! Hunt well, for even the Veterans will be mucking in to aquire what may be the very last Human as trophy!What's that now? You ARE the Human in this game?Oh, dear..."
76561198011529235,Recommended,242880,10033981,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,gaTch,"This game is a bit entertainingI likethis game, even though it's just in v1.0!I wish you could play with 1-2 friends, surviving together, on bigger landscapes in the future patches.A 50/50 game."
,Recommended,242880,17733832,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Baphomet,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a stealth-survival game taking place on a small chain of islands. The premise is really simple: find all the runes necessary to activate a monument in the center of the map so that you can return to your home. There is a heavy emphasis on utilizing cover as much as possible and avoiding making noises or startling creatures, as either can give your position away. You also have to maintain a positive vitality score through eating good quality food and drink (poor quality will poison you). For the most part, you are fairly defenseless and will almost certainly need to retreat if spotted.Thankfully the game gives you various buildings to search for supplies and weapons as well as plenty of high cover (bushes/tall grass) to hide in until enemies pass. As far as items go, you can get either weapons/ammo, food, junk, and distraction items. Distractions, like the clock and empty bottle, are very useful for moving hunters away from runes or just changing the direction of a patrol heading directly for you.The game features a pre-built map that randomizes parts of each island at the start of every new game. Each island has a certain number of pieces that must be collected and returned to the obelisk at the center in order to win. As you collect pieces (and as time passes) the game will introduce greater numbers of hunters in addition to more dangerous varieties of hunters, such as the hounds which can detect you at close range without line of sight, and the scarecrow who functions similar to the enderman from minecraft. You’ll also find more powerful weapons capable of destroying almost all of the hunters in only a shot or two.Towards the end of the game I found myself practically sprinting through areas as there are so many hunters and it got pretty hectic a few times especially when I thought I could pick off a few hunters only to find myself being chased by a group of 10 as they chipped away at my health, forcing me to duck behind rocks to stop the bleeding. Still, I never felt like the AI was acting unfairly although there were a few instances where I was able to slide around a tree in between myself and a hunter until he gave up.While the game does have some replayability due to the randomized levels, I can’t really say I will be coming back to it again after playing it as there’s really not much else to see once you’ve beaten it. I would recommend grabbing this one on sale for 50% off so you really get your money’s worth."
,Recommended,242880,17513231,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,lord crow,"I feel like now that Iafter many damn triestried to beat the game I can finally give this game a review it deserves.Pros:+I really love the concept of hiding from robotic english huntsmen in remote islands in the UK+Well-executed foliage-based stealth+4 weapons that are destructive when used correctly (I don't recommend combat that much)+Lotsa enemies each deadly in their own way(except the Squire, he can be beaten with an axe provided you keep running in circles around him. I dont like the squire)+The Landowner's sounds keep me up at night+Lots of interesting gadgets provide various ways of ridding yourself of pesky robots.+I really like some of the island types, especially the Mountains.+I like the way the stealth is also based on how noisy you are.+Random-generated terrain and the ability to edit the robots that spawn allows for massive replayability.Cons:-Multiplayer is VERY VERY VERY BUGGY. I've noclipped through the world so many freakin times and I really hope they fix this soon because I love the multiplayer so far. Wish you could have a Co-op option in the single player ""story"" (there is no real, complex story), like in Borderlands or something similar.-Please make the landowner less spooky.What I hope to see in the future:-Glitches being fixed in the multiplayer/Co-op in singleplayer would be nice.Final Score:8.2/10. A pretty fun game if you like stealth/survival games."
,Recommended,242880,11073564,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Pew,"This days so many survival games. Half of them with cubes, half of them with zombies or mutants.This game give us original world, where you should survive versus hordes of robots with different skills and abilities. You have also various traps, weapons and alarms, to distract enemy and take what you need without problems.As a bonus to image of England with typical English items like teapots or whiskey, there are plenty interesting stuff, like books and letters that dive you deep into this world and this story."
,Recommended,242880,18041712,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Mr. Gem,"10/10 Feels great sneaking around, even better when you manadge to find a gun then start firing back."
76561198071312394,Recommended,242880,21225413,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Pirate365,"You can be British Rambo.11/10 would ""stealth"" again."
,Recommended,242880,21136811,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Emperor of Pi,"Bristish robots with mustaches, puffing on pipes...need I say more?"
76561198151344088,Recommended,242880,21096989,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Shadowmere00D,"This game is great for the small amount of time I played it. Yes, the graphics arent that amazing but that has never stopped a game from being fun. Sir, You Are Being Hunted has alot of potential to be a great game. The game still feels like its unfinished and could use alot more depth or story line. The games looting system is weird, all the house's doors are chests, having about two doors on every house.  You can not go in any building or structure, everything is boarded up. You get used to it quickly though and forget they're houses. Yet, it is NOT WORTH THE 19.99$. I got it for 3.99. So I couldnt be disappointed in the game no matter how bad. The game is still fun and is a blast with friends. It is worth getting if its on sale. It has hours of gameplay and could be alot of fun but, after a while it can get repetitive.3.5/5 Get it with friends!"
76561198111286397,Recommended,242880,9602227,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Rowdy Fella,"This is THE definite survival horror game. While it seems easy at first glance, it soon becomes a nightmare. You think tweed wearing british robots are not scray? YOU ARE DEAD WRONG!!!"
76561198077653122,Recommended,242880,20527330,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Hal-ium,"A weapon to surpass metal gear: a sneaky, high, drunk cook with a banged up trombone"
,Recommended,242880,21344763,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,RonnieThePotato,This game is one of the best survival games ever. The theme of survival mixed with stealth is a great combination. This is just one of those game you must play once in your life.
,Recommended,242880,11870698,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Kurywusaki,"Although this game is obviously not fully developed yet it shows a lot of promise.It is an open world roaming stealth game, at least that's the way you'll be playing most of the time.The game mechanics are sound, moving around, sneaking, shooting, it all works perfectly.The randomly generated worlds offer variety and although the textures at the time were a tad bit bland I'm quite sure these will be souped up in future releases.Do buy it, it is well worth the price!"
,Recommended,242880,19910094,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,cb3619,"This Human-Hunting simulation is a breath of fresh-air, when set against the depressingly high  number of ""pro-human/anti-robot"" video games.  I know it's just anthropomorphism , but you can almost imagine how it would be to be one of those fleshy bags as it runs vainly hither and thither.  They plainly enjoy it just as much as we do.  But when will the developers let us play as a robot, as the roboGod intended?"
76561198097057567,Recommended,242880,21178801,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Schrödinger's Bone,"I LOVE this game, i highly suggest tat you buy it. there is only one phrase you need to play this game: If you think you're being too careful YOU""RE NOT!!!"
,Recommended,242880,21176906,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,I M H O T E P™,"First of all i have to say this:when i first saw this game, i didn't really like it (i just saw a trombone and how a plyere lured something to them and decied to check this game out) but when i gave it a try, i realized one thing, this is a phenomenally good game:- it has a uniquie story.- Rarely in game history, play not as a hunter, but as a prey.- Weapons are secondary in this game (i beat appox 60% of it without even finding a gun)- Enemy has a very interesting AI (they look around the last place they saw you, always stick together, lay traps, guard sertain areas, can be distracted for a short time, will investigate noises)- loot system is very interesting.- You can hunt animals and roast the (of course fire will attrackt every enemy in the vicinity)- Some coments are just hillarious.- Five unique styles of islands (that you can choose)- Stealth is balanced and it is the only way of winning the game as the ammo is quite a rare treat.- Design of the robots is just awesome.- Save system is quite rare, that adds to the thrill.- Graphics are not amazing, but sound system is awesome+ startled animals ma help giving away the hunters' location.- Starting calsses with different items on start (i personally advise ""cook"" because the game is harder that way and more thrilling)- Four weapons (blunderbuss, rifle,shotgun, revolver) that are quite rare themselves, each with unique charecteristics and ammo types+plus carried by different robots.- Tentacles!!!! For lovers of Hentai anime. (I personally call them ""Hentai tentacles"")- Desent multiplayer, but most of the serves are pasworded (just so you know)- A lot of loot, food, junk, strange items.- Ratings and adjustable number of enemies on each island.- interesting objective with a spark of a challenge.To sum up, Sir you are being hunted is a greatand stable game, that can be both enjoyed alone and with friends. Defenitely advise bying it and telling your friend (Pluss ask the developers to make like a snow island, where snow storms roam around blinding you and enemies, would be awesome!) and if you are reading this, thank you for paying atteniton to my small text, i hope it will help."
,Recommended,242880,21496400,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Shogun Melon,"I was a good Half Hour into the game, I had found a hachet and killed more than one of my persuers, I was armed, yet I was starving and there was no way I could ever get to a village as a Foxhunter was after me, I was scarce on weapons, but plentiful on ammo, only a mere revolver and a Rifle, I knew doom was coming, I cooked a pheasant, but rather than eat, (The Robots were too close, I had no time) I prepared for my last stand, I took out my rifle, and as they came from the woods, struck them down. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ous Foxhunt mockery charged, he was felled, oil splattered the ground where it fell, and I put a foot on it's barely alive robot body, and destroyed it's CPU.A five to ten minute battle ensued, with many a robot advancing and being felled by a quick rifle shot, Oil spraying as it fell, I felt a white hot pain, and realized I had been shot in the shoulder, my shoulder was heavily bleeding, the robots were closing in, I broke cover, and came face to face with horror beyond immagining, The Landowner, he loomed over me, with a horde of robots accompanying him. I fired, he shrugged off the wound, I fired again, the same result, as the robots encroached I walked away from the towering monstrosity I stood, and took out my revolver, felling three before returning to the Rifle, and then... *CRACK* Silence, blood, darkness, a bullet in my heart, Pain everywhere... knowing the end is evercloser, I fire madly, felling more robots as I do so, before being blown from the Isles by dozens of robots, dogs, and their God. The Landowner. I welcomed the sweet eternal embrace of death, it made life itself seem so worthless... and all was dark. Then I heard Angels, but not the soft angelic voices of the angels of heaven, the rusty, metallic, blasphemous voices of the Angels of Death. The Robots.Then I went home and played this. 10/10 Would get ♥♥♥♥ed by a horde of robots again."
76561198242843206,Recommended,242880,19495897,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hazkil,it`s very cool concept and very good fun that you have to survive from the robots! i recommend this game very very very much!
,Recommended,242880,19987551,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nodi,"I arrived at the ruins of what appeared to be an old farmhouse. White in color, but with tinges of green with mold, and also black from fires. My heart was pounding. My stomach was growling. A thousand thoughts racing through my mind as I saw a fire pit. My stomach told me to cook some food over it, but my mind told me not to draw attention to myself with smoke. I walked around the property, slowly checking around corners to see if a mustachioed robot gentleman would be there waiting for me. But alas, none were spotted. I carefully tiptoed back to the fire pit to cook food to appease my rumbling stomach. I took the matches and lit the fire.""*VRRP* WHAT'S THAT? *CLANK*""A robot was indeed near me. I quickly threw a rock over his head hoping he would be distracted, but he was not. His sights were aimed at me, and his only concern was that I was still breathing. I drew my revolver and fired off two shots. I still don't know if either hit their target because immediately afterward, I turned around and began running through the gap in the charred walls.I spotted a tree and immediately ran behind it. I could hear two robots now. Their clanging joints sounded like the bells ringing to mark the time of my death. I stepped from behind the tree and fired three bullets into the iron torso of one. I then felt a hot, stinging pain in my side. I'd been shot. The other robot was rushing toward me to avenge his fallen comrade. I knew i only had one bullet left. I darted from behind the tree and pulled the trigger.The bullet rang true! The hot lead surged through the metallic skull cavity of the machine that was hunting me. I was safe!Or was I?I was surrounded by the sounds of beeps and whirs and clanks and I soon saw that four new robotic foes were upon me. I put my revolver in its holster and began running. Hot lead flew past me and all around me as i sprinted away from my pursuers. I came to another set of houses, but this was no time to stop and loot. Those robots meant business. Their bullets still whizzing past me, I ran through the houses into the rocky hills by the ocean. After many deep breathes to restore the oxygen to my lungs, i was left with four words that filled up my mind.""Holy poop. I'm alive.""10/10 would wet my pants again"
,Recommended,242880,20049576,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Burru,"SYABH is either fun, or frightening. I launched and within the first real capture of a remnant, i had screamed like a pre-pubescent little kid and almost cried. There are robots e v e r y w h e r e.10/10 would scream again"
,Recommended,242880,19906853,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,An emotionally unstable Tree Man,"Pretty good i must say,learn the life story of an average, everyday englishman10/10"
76561198056742926,Recommended,242880,25295383,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Wumbology Tomorrow,"YOOOOO this game made me feel like I was being hunted. Much in the same way the illuminati shadow masters try to silence me with their cancer sattelite. CHEM TRAILS ARE REALL! gr8 game i rate 9/11, would decieve American public again."
,Recommended,242880,24056490,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Smìx,Sir/Madam.... Your booty is being Hunted~
76561198078310827,Recommended,242880,20161651,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ElGordo26 CSGOtrashpot.wp,"You always wanted the Terminator franchise and british steampunk to have a baby, Sir?You also wanted to fight the hordes of robots and use stealth as Sir Johnathan of Connorham the last tweed-wearing human standing, while sipping on a lukewarm tea and eating some chocolate biscuits, Sir?Well than that game is for you, Sir."
76561198051759738,Recommended,242880,21309596,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Imp3rialDron3,"This game has two ways of playing when it comes to multiplayer: Way too easy, or difficult to the point that your♥♥♥♥♥♥is constantly clenched to the point you could make a diamond out of coal in it. Fortunately, my friends are wimps and prefer the easy mode when we play, meaning I have a chance of winning! I really like this game, so I'd definitely recommend it!You can find multiplayer footage from my experience here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYvb8YLHuio"
,Recommended,242880,21925207,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Olibols,"Picture the sceneYour 'friend' is running at you with a shotgun yelling that he wants to molest you with lead when the hill you where running up is infested with death robots that yell at you ""Sir, you are being hunted"" in a posh English voice. They don't pay any attention to your friend, they just chase you down the hill where you get stuck in a bear trap, an evil robot dog comes and tears your face to peices whilst your friend finally molests you with a shotgun before getting caught in the same bear trap as me which was inactive and closed..... Never playing again, lost many brain cells that day.HJKDSDFJKHSAFAL/10"
,Recommended,242880,21954628,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Nimhy   ;>,"Spawned at a bridge. Walked 10 seconds and got killed by a robot dog.Respawned at another bridge. Got spotted by robots with rifles and ran into a trap and got killed by robots.Respawned yet again at another bridge. Found a house and got a sniper rifle. Behind me was a robot with a ""horse"" that killed me.10/10 Would drink that cup of tea and have som bisquites again."
,Recommended,242880,21162966,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,King Woodrow,Sure
,Recommended,242880,12797843,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,theronguard2382,Good game... Wierd but creepy.
,Recommended,242880,10099671,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Heathen,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a relatively cheap indy open-world shooter. While the gameplay is somewhat repetitive, it is too short to outstay its welcome too much.At its heart SYaBH is a stealth game and you won't survive for long if you use your weapons too much. In this game, as the title suggests, you are the quarry. For those that enjoy permadeath, I think this game is well suited to it. Such an approach would no doubt add grist to the extended-play mill.While I quite enjoyed SYaBH, it could potentially have been a very, very good game, and the developers seem to have settled for a game that is okay to good. Various interesting items and opponents appear in the game that add to the variety, but after the first couple of hours, careful players will learn how to keep out of trouble. From then on it's just a matter of going through the motions. Nothing happens that really shakes things up. There is no second (let alone a third) act to this game.Like Betrayer (which I also reviewed recently, and to which this game bares some similarity) this game has oodles of flavour and atmosphere, but not a lot of variety. Unlike Betrayer, SYaBH makes your goals clearer and there is a little bit more to be found on the islands. There is also a lot more humour in this game. While Betrayer was a very pretty looking game and SYaBH falls a little short in that regard, the graphics are more than adequate to create the 'baskervillian' moors.Verdict: If you like sandbox (or stealth) games, you are a bit of an anglophile and the game is on special, give it a go."
,Recommended,242880,13069874,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,GasMask,"Very fun game. Try to escape from hunter robots. Survive, fight, stealth. Random terrain generation, lots of fun."
,Recommended,242880,18463666,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,saltmummy626,"A simple stealth game about trying to collect the peices of your dimensional portal thing after an accident in your lab sends you to a world in which humans are hunted for sport by murderous, brittish, gentleman, robotic, hunters. They will send forth killer wappy dogs to track you down. Some of them sit high up in spotlights mounted to balloons, always on the lookout for the elusive creature called man or sit astride rocket horses and attempt to ride you down. Some of them will lay out traps in an attempt to poach your precious human ivory. Some of the robots are only interested in guarding the ruined homes of the archipelagos previous residents while others are more interested in following you around like a horrifying neon sign that makes way too much noise. There are greater threats still, as some of these robots are great, hulking, malicious, monoliths who will pursue you until they have pulped your corpse with the tip of their great cane.It's a good game for killing some time and with multiplayer, it's even better."
76561198044292448,Recommended,242880,7960239,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Cutter,"This game is one of a kind and is absolutly wonderful, this game is worth getting. This game plays great for an alpha game and is worth getting and you shouldn't be afraid in running into to many bugs in it. So if you are on the edge about getting this game because it is in alpha, you should get it because it plays well and is fun running around shooting and hiding from the robots that are chasing you."
76561198146753283,Recommended,242880,18006824,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,[MR] Nic,can you make getting into multiplayer easire to get into that would be realy nice
76561198042827407,Recommended,242880,18544923,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Racemate,"Stylish game.Everything in the game works to create a specific, unforgettable atmosphere. In this matter it reminds me thePathologic.Stealth is the main part of the gameplay - run forward, destroying everything on the way is quite difficult and sometimes impossible. The gameplay itself is pretty monotonous, but since the game is pretty short you won't have time to get bored.Some objects such as robots, for example, some elements of the terrain, the terrain itself could be better, but again, only if it does not spoil the atmosphere.All in all, the great game.Highly recommend it."
76561197978546580,Recommended,242880,18576594,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,lukwan,"Masterpiece.     Def: A work of art where a single brushstroke added or removed would deminish the piece.Sir, You Are Being Hunted qualifies. A modest game, beautifully realised. The scale and pace of this game are absolutly perfect. So well balanced in risk-reward looting dinamics that you just feel right at home. You are given all the information you need to navigate the hazards so if you know yourself ...and you know your enemies....something, something........you get the idea.Sorry I was staring at the moonlight streaming through the branches.Pros:-Solid colorscheme, ambient sounds and music.-Original art design.-Analog rain. (as opposed to Minecraft's digital rain) Actually pleasant.-Procedurally gererated world for replayablity.-Simple mechanics and good stealth tactics.-Combat is possible but not advised with large groups.-Scenic playing enviroment with day/night cycle.Cons:-None. See definition above."
76561198124828411,Recommended,242880,14665587,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BloodyKharma,"If your into stealth games then this game just might be for you, although I must warn you that despite the opening cutscene there is absolutely no story whatsoever. You have no idea why in the world your on some god forsaken island being hunted down by robots that seem to consider themselves...gentlement. -__- Despite that patience is a must have if you want to get a true feel for the stealthy parts of the game, otherwise you can just say to hell with it and sprint everywhere you need to go and get along just fine if you had decided to take a much more subtle. I'll recommend this game because its unique in many ways, despite the bleak and boring world there is still some fun to be had."
,Recommended,242880,10018024,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Darling,"This game is the literal definition of tense anticipation. Dropped down in the middle of an archipelago, you are forced to fend off endless amounts of dapper robots and their brethren while trying to hunt down fragments which are the key to your escape. This game utilizes a subtle element of fear which may seem unlikely for who you're up against (that being a hunting party of gentleman robots) but once you hear that first gunshot from behind you, you immediately start to think otherwise."
,Recommended,242880,16348208,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Purple D R A N K -unts-,"First I'd like to address the fact that this game has some of the worst graphics I've seen in a while. Second, I'd like to also say that this game is horribly optimized. I have an i5 4690k, and a GTX 970, and I'm only getting roughly 50fps on medium.PROS:This game has a great atmosphere, and pretty satisfying combat.Inventory is quick and easy to organize.Enemy AI is surprisingly good.Gun play is well balanced, and ammo is relatively hard to come byThis game also offers quite a decent challenge.CONS:Bad graphics (doesn’t really matter)Poor optimization, even on high-end pcsThe save mechanic is rather annoying (you always have to run back to spawn to save)You can’t explore any of the interiors of the buildings.Other than these few things, this game is pretty fun. However, I'd highly recommend getting this game on sale, as it's something you'd be disappointed with if you spent $20 on it."
76561198122947847,Recommended,242880,22272748,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Chriϟϟle,BAD BRITISH-EXPERIENCEThere aren't woods like everywhere.2/10
,Recommended,242880,19880174,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ToneyIndiana93,The game is good! But when i play mulitplayer i cant even play with them as the host! Please  let this be fixed!
,Recommended,242880,8017572,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,hey xoxo,"Pretty fun, but I'd suggest waiting for further updates before buying it. Think a Steampunk and dumbed down Dayz."
,Recommended,242880,10196896,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Bledge,"The suspence of this game is amazing, when you watch someone play it, you dont get the same feeling, the only way to actually experience the game is to play it, there will be hundreds of times you will be sitting in a bush with 20 robots surrounding you, hoping to not be seen, its intensethe only con about the game is the graphics, you hve to set them on the lowest if you want anywere near decent FPS, other than that, amazing game, highly reccomend"
76561197983345514,Recommended,242880,26003445,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,5uperking,"Sir, has elements that make the game fustratingly addictive for a completionist gamer.  Playing and surviving the game is in itself very rewarding.  Heaven knows nothing else in the game rewards you.Cons:-No hand holding (also a Pro if you like that sort of thing)-Simplistic looting (access all doors of a house to find various loot in the same house)-Graphics (grass and trees do not hold up to srcutiny and BELIEVE ME you will be looking very closely when hiding which        is what you'll be doing 90% of the time)""""""Spoiler""""""There is no end cutscene or better explanation of the story or getting to see your character.  I guess I have been spoiled, but I like something other than credits and an amusing rap song. :(Pros:-Old school minimalism (few way points, no map at first, forced exploration, and only a couple of save points)-Truely terror inducing (achieved by difficulty not by stupid game mechanics)-Great humor (funny loot, item desciptions, and robotic movments)Needs a higher graphic, better skinned, more voiced over, with greater story element, and true end sequneced SequelI would give $15 to $20 for that Sequel with no steam sale reduction.Thx GG!"
76561198013424448,Recommended,242880,19795610,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Space Sloth,Very fun and hard at times survival game. Multiplayer made it ALOT of FUN
,Recommended,242880,7998115,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Just fucked my PC,"Even in its current form, SYABH's stylised graphics are fluid, the environment tense and varied, and the pokes at being British in general are never far away, with the gameplay being sort-of like DayZ but not as needlessly labrynthine and over-analyzed. Buying this game is an investment into something great."
76561197969417125,Recommended,242880,10379882,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,G00N3R,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a stealth exploration game. You've been stranded on a group of small islands, and tasked with finding the scattered pieces of a broken machine, which should help you escape. But the islands are home to strange robots who will attack you on sight.There are 17 pieces to find, spread across 5 islands whose layouts are randomly generated. They can be identified by a trail of white smoke rising into the air, not high enough to see from behind a building or a hill, but obvious enough that you'll immediately notice if you're looking at it. I like that, instead of just slapping a waypoint marker on each location as some games would do, SYABH trusts the player to actually put some effort in. You might find a scanner that will beep if you're close, but I only had to use it to find the last piece. I found everything else quite easily within 6 hours of gameplay, just by conducting a methodical search.Along the way you'll need to deal with the various types of robots. To begin with its just a normal human shaped robot with a shotgun, usually hunting in pairs. But over time, more dangerous types start to appear such as robot dogs or robot horse riders. You can decide whether to fight them or avoid them, but you can only save in specific places so you might want to be cautious.I mostly used the open nature of the islands to keep my distance, only fighting the robots who were guarding the pieces. Guns are not fun to use, they feel slow and weak - probably by design, because the robots struggle with them as well. I had more success by first distracting them either by throwing a bottle or setting an alarm clock, then sneaking up behind and using a powerful axe. Stealth is a tricky thing to get right for me, but I enjoyed this system more than games like Thief or Assassins Creed.Meanwhile you need to find food, because if your hunger meter reaches zero, your health will start to decrease. If you take damage during combat, your health will automatically regenerate, but only if your hunger meter is high. There is plenty of food available, but you might need to search villages, which are guarded by more robots. Searching buildings can also give various helpful items such as binoculars, matches for lighting a fire to cook raw meat, a map which helps navigation, and more.Technically the game is solid. Graphics are what you would expect from an indie game, controls are fine on mouse and keyboard, and I didn't suffer any bugs. The most disappointing thing for me was the story. The end was very anticlimactic and failed to really explain anything at all.Overall I enjoyed SYABH and I would recommend it, if you're looking to play something a bit different to the usual genres."
,Recommended,242880,18953657,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Kodyd194,"I think Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a pretty amazing game! The survival gameplay and procedural generation of the game world make this a hunt to last! In Sir, You Are Being Hunted, you play as a sir or madam who has become stranded on a mysterious island chain after a grizzly teleporter accident. You are tasked with collecting the teleporter pieces to get home. Fighting off starvation is no where near the biggest threat though,The islands are inhabited by a race of genocidal dapper ""gentlebots"", as you wander the ruins of what once seemed to be a productive human civilization they will hunt you for sport. ducking through thick brush, dodging the ""mantraps"" of poachers, the scent hounds of the hunter bots, and the ever present eyes of the hot air balloons searching for even the smallest sign of your location, you will never be safe.Thats just a small helping of what is to come now that you have become stranded on these strange ""robo-isles"", not even the ocean is safe here, being constantly patrolled by a giant robo-leviathan. Your only way home is to get all the teleporter pieces, and it sure as heck is not going to be easy!Thats not all to Sir, You Are Being Hunted though! Now with the addition of multiplayer you can hunt with your friends, or heck, even just hunt your friends! Battle for survival with multiple players on a custom island in multiplayer! It is something I enjoy about Sir a great deal since I started playing. There is near endless variations to loot, robots and islands so there is always more content to play. This is one of the reasons I can wholly recommend Sir, You Are Being Hunted to any survival game fan."
,Recommended,242880,11190265,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,sjam,"despite the fact i am neither male or female the game persists on calling me sir/madame0/10 sexistmsa,n.,rubbish stuf"
,Recommended,242880,13040198,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Gorloss,"Sir, your f*cked."
,Recommended,242880,8842661,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Solidus_Serpens,"""OK, so I'm awake, on a group of islands and I have to find 5 pieces of a huge quantum device, ok, how hard can it be?"":)Last famous words of many Sirs.""Brilliant""""AI is super duper""""Amazing environments"""
76561198058897082,Recommended,242880,13949664,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Blockhead,"Before I get started, I have to say you have to be ready to get GOOD at this game. While not exactly brutal, its brutally unforgiving.Think of DayZ without other players and what do you get? Something better than DayZ but still not as good as this game.Everything about it; the kinds of robots, the airship, the red beams that indicate their line of sight, all adds to the atmosphere that makes you laugh, cry, and sweat blood at the same time.Just remember to save often, allways keep food on you, and most importantly sir,you are being hunted."
,Recommended,242880,18470610,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,TheDuckMan,Great and funny (like) game.  Real rating (not like the jerks.)PROS: Everything.Cons: Nothing.BUY IT!
,Recommended,242880,13948452,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Madam Titty Kitty,It's like Rust or DayZ if those games were good.(no multiplayer though)edit: MULTIPLAYER CONFIRMED FOR FUTURE UPDATE!
,Recommended,242880,9037651,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Mineslaer,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a british robot adventure, that can make you at times jump out of your skin. So what has it got going for itself?Sir, You Are Being Hunted is an Action Stealth game being created by Big Robot Ltd. In the past, they have created a game under the name of AVSEQ. To say the least, it was a mixed opinion. Now this has come out, and to say the least, AVSEQ can't even compare towards SYABH. In the game, you are stuck on a total of five islands. You require to collect some artifacts, bring them to the central location on the map, and use them to save progress. The game is beat, when all the artifacts are located, and used. To keep you from completing your target, a good number of robots will try to hunt you down, and shoot ten shotgun shells into your skull. Charming to say the least. While avoiding them, you must also find food to stay alive. These three concepts mix together to create the enviroment you will be in, and it works amazingly. You have to keep so much on your mind while you explore this world. Where is that robot? How hungry am I? What caused those crows to fly away? It really keeps you on your toes. At the moment, enemy mixture is decent, but not all content at the moment is final, considering its early access.Gameplay. A big part to say the least. The game is mostly stealth, so you will be crouched most of the time. Noise and visibilty is view by a eye and noise icon at the bottom of the screen. Stealth works nicely at the moment. You feel any action COULD have its problems. Anything noisey will cause the robots to invesigate, which could be your death, OR your key to survival. Distractions become a big part of the game when the robots just wont cooperate to move away from a location or something along those lines. A well placed alarm clock or even a toy train will divert their attention just long enough so you can complete your task. However, keeping in mind, I said this was a ACTION game. At some instances during your looting of buildings, guns or ammunition will be found among the skulls and mouldy bread. Your options now open up a bit more. A problem could be controlled, a divertion could be caused, or you could simply run and gun. The last option is NOT recommended. On a personal note, at times i have played this game in the pitch dark. A few encounters have made me spoil my boxers to say the least. My point is, under the right conditions, you can turn it a bit into a horror.As a sum up, this game is great. More than that really. Exploring these vast wastelands while worrying about all the issues has never felt so good. Even a few times, this game has made me chuckly due to the slight humor. (Robots taking a tea break to say the least is one of them.) I really recommend getting this game, and as time goes on, more content will be added. As of writing this, i have not even tried the January Patch yet! There is nothing more to say that this really:GO.    BUY.     THIS.      GAME!             8.5/10"
,Recommended,242880,8835296,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,sarge4499,great game. fun but challenging. really pushes stealth as the robots r O.P.
,Recommended,242880,25953421,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kaden,spooked and excited at the same time. thats a win in my book.
,Recommended,242880,7987579,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Shitzel,"Very fun game. You get to survive and kill robots, or robots kill you. Its like a mix of Don't Starve, TF2's Mvm, and kidna liek FPS's if you find all the ammo. Worth 10-20 Bucks also it might coem out with multiplayer in the future, which will be fun with friends. Life is not the same when yoru not being hunted by robots."
,Recommended,242880,18465354,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,MOOT!,BRITISH ROBOTS EVERYWHERE!
,Recommended,242880,26300677,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,momo,Ayy hoşt lan amına kodoooğğmm - Bi ümit robot köpeklerden kaçmaya çalışan çelimsiz oyuncu
,Recommended,242880,9111958,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bruh,This game is a great game but the thing that would make this even better is multiplayer. You could get materials and build a shelter and make friends. But this game is amazing 9/10
,Recommended,242880,9938495,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Mr. Sabha Lori,"""Sir, You Are Being Hunted""The last words you hear before entering the game and the only real guide you have.This game is a genre of its own, there are no other games like it on the market. Theres nothing like walking through a field in the dead of night and suddenly hearing strange robotic noises. you duck down into the grass only to see several automatons come marching past, you hold your breath praying that they didant see you, adrenaline rushing through your veins. you rumage through your backpack searching for something to defend yourself with. you find an empty bottle and toss it over the hedge line. your hunters turn and hastily march over to the source of the noise. you turn and run as fast as you can.Dispite my description sounding as if you are helpless and defenseless you are really not, there are plenty of things to use to decieve and kill your enemy.I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves hardcore survival games and people who love stealth games in general. it has amazing combat mechanics and stealth mechanics and is one of the most finished early access games on steam.Sadly is has a few flaws like a complicated directions system and it can be very difficult to find good loot and food to keep your vitality alive, but dispite these flaws the game is still very playable and i have not encountered a single bug.9/10"
,Recommended,242880,9993767,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Indianawillb,"May 1st, 1897My dearest player,I have been on the hunting grounds for a long time and have been a witness to all it's changes. Wheather the changes benifited me or aided the enemy to my dismay, I have seen it all. It was a relentless journey that filled me with the upmost fear. Yet, depited my cowerdice, I still managed a brave face and went on my journey, and I enjoyed every step of it. When I was told the news that I was being hunted, I must say, I didn't take it well. THe grounds were plain and empty at first, but as the time went on, things begain to change. There was more to find each and evry day, as well as more to hide from. This hunt. This dangrous game. This sport of man verses robot. This was terrifing, yet exelerating. I don't know if it was because I've gone mad with the idea of a semingly difficult victory or if I just grew to love the sport. Whose to say really. My dearest player. How much I miss you. I wish I could wright you a whole novel of my adventures here on the hunting ground, but I must go. I can hear them coming ever so closer to me.Keep good care of your self daer player-The hunted (for now...)"
,Recommended,242880,10001696,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,ZombyKillr,"The one thing I thought when viewing this game was ""Wow, this looks....different"" However, when I bought it, I realized how much fun it was, even though I bought in early alpha. The intensity is non-stop. The entire time, you are searching 5 islands for the mysterious stone fragments, which then need to be returned to the center of the center island. However, with each stone found, the robot hunters become stronger. The game becomes even more intense when you hear the beeping of the robots, indicating that you've been found. You can run, or you can try to fight back with the little ammo you have in your shotgun. Be careful, because each shot you fire is very loud, and will attract many other hunters. The game features stealth with terrain, a visibility meter, vitality (which is hunger and thirst), a day/night cycle, building searching, looting robots, and many kinds of enemies. Overall, the game is horror in its rawest form: you, alone, with many wanting to kill you. That being said, the game isn't really scary, but extremely intense. I highly recommend it.9.5/10"
,Recommended,242880,8560341,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,~Semen-Demon~,"Amazing atmospheric game that gives you the feel of being hunted. You really have to thnk to win this game, and that's what I love about it."
76561198048995520,Recommended,242880,18514370,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ChiEF-Reichsführer,This game good .Played it with ma nigaa and had lots of fun the we got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the robots.they are op as . bur in the end it doesnt even matter..
76561198101069443,Recommended,242880,16322216,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Truehunter™,"Well I Know i haven't played much of this game but, WOW this game is truely amzing. The Game is very intese and its definalty what you would expect when getting in to the game. The steath mechanics are amazing and the AI are extremely well made. This game realy feels like what a survival stelth game should be. 10/10 Would Hit a robot with a rock again. On a serious note This is one of the best indie game's ever made... I wish it had multiplayer. Oh wait yeh multiplayer update July 1st."
,Recommended,242880,9731915,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Tagaleetele,8/10This game is a really good game you can just pop into when your bored. It gives this real feeling of being hunted and it got my heart pumping a few times. I think you should get this game when it on a discount.
,Recommended,242880,18485499,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Endeavour,"Found fish and chips in a telaphone box, can confirm this is what its like to be British"
76561197978792424,Recommended,242880,8052774,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Ryanpetrolhead,"I really recommend this game, there are a few bugs but as it's in alpha stage it's acceptable. If you games where alot of stealth involved then this is the game for you!"
76561198069958003,Recommended,242880,18634962,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,AdamantAggron,"Loaded up a multiplayer game with a friend who had also gotten this on the recent sale. Trying to figure out the mechanics of the game. One hour later, armed to the teeth with bullets and guns, we attempt to return the last teleporter piece. We get attacked by swarms of robots. We give up after four more tries of sneaking past them all to get the piece back.10/10, would give up right before victory again."
,Recommended,242880,10057048,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,[Jerk] Idles In Lobby,Excellent gameI couldn't stop laughing during the credits song
,Recommended,242880,20016706,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,👻 BlackSub 🎃,"It's a really cool game to play. If you love survival games you'll probably like this one. Actually I never met a game where you need to hide from robots. Even if it's not a realistic survival experience, it's still pretty interesting to play.9.5/10"
,Recommended,242880,32434536,Posted: 15 June,all,Brianibrain,"This game is almost everthing I wanted! The only thing I would change would be making the houses accessible instead of gathering loot from the door. Also, having the enemy search the houses for you. Would add to the game. But, as the game is, it's still loads of fun. I'm going to be playing this A LOTHere's my gameplay:https://youtu.be/Zr1DT0gT2qQ"
76561198109840783,Not Recommended,242880,32475882,Posted: 16 June,all,Adamis,Gets very boring after time almost nothing on the empty game islands
,Recommended,242880,18370427,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sciaenops Ocellatus,">Playing the game>Low on health>Vitality is dropping>No food anywhere>Almost out of ammo>Can hear robots chattering nearby but cant see them>Trying not to get caught and die>Tense as hek>Cat jumps on me irl>Leap ten feet out of my chair out of shock and horror10/10, would get a heart attack and break my laptop again.(serious note: I didnt think a survival horror comedy could work in videogame form, but this one balances both of those very well.)"
76561198051487107,Recommended,242880,13807840,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Crackhead Johnny,It's like S.T.A.L.K.E.R. but with Robotic Hunting British Gentlemen.
76561198072253557,Recommended,242880,17138889,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,YetiChow,"Welcome, Sir/Madam, to the most haunting and horrifying hunting game; where YOU are the ultimate prey.Your helpful butler will explain things more fully, but suffice to say that this game is not your standard survival fare. I'm sure you'll be informed about the striking resemblance of the Archipaelago to some nightmare post-apocalypse Britain, and you'll likewise be educated about the wonderfully dreary atmosphere whihc makes this game stand out from the crowd of survival-horror titles. You'll be instructed how to avoid detection by the cold, calculating automatons that will relentlessly pursue you. You'll endure the elements, and learn to prepare impromptu meals from dubious ingredients. You'll learn to outwit those hunting you, and to fight back against them. You may even discover the hope of a safe trip home.I'm sure you'll learn of all these things in good time. However, I'd like to draw your attention to another matter.You see, you are no longer alone with the robots. Others have made their way to the accursed place, and while that may be an opportunity to band together; it could equally be the sign of a new and far more dangerous threat. Not all your fellow prey are interested in working together, and it seems there may not be a way to bring everyone home...Ignore the cut-throat ruffians who spread rumours of ""abandonment"", for the hunt is very much on.... ok, breaking character now for the sake of a more complete opion. Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a phenomenal game where you must combine stealth, guile and brutal combat tactics in order to escape a relentless horde of very British robots on a group of very British islands, while a very British butler guides you in a quest to recover the fragments of a mysterious machine. The stealth action is extremely tense and clever; and you'll be rewarded for keeping a cool head. The survival aspects are basic, but they get the job done -- and when you're running from crazed robots with shotguns, feeling a little nip of breeze is your last concern. Keep calm and carry on, and all that.The controls and menus are intuitive and functional, and the world of Sir is far from hideous. If you get a chance to stop and admire the sunset, it's quite nice really. However, most of the game is spent crawling, creeping, sprinting and dodging; so the view doesn't always need to be the most spectacular... soon enough, the sight of hard cover and safe shelter will be more attractive than the most breathtaking vista. As such I'd suggest you ignore anyone complaining about low production values or a supposed lack of polish -- there's a definitive rustic and gritty tone, but that's kind of the whole point.The real sense of excitement and enjoyment comes from that moment you turn the tables and begin laying your own traps, making your own plans, and visibly progressing towards your escape. Everything in the game points towards that end -- from the not-so-subtle reminders that most of the ""loot"" you find will be utterly irrellevant to your quest, to the way that the robots force you to keep moving, and even the barren-ness of the landscape.That said, there are plenty of moments of levity mixed in; and the addition of multiplayer adds a whole new dimension to that. Items which were previously useless (or as good as useless) can now be used inventively; both for pure shenanigans or for a tactical purpose.Furthermore, multiplayer adds a new element of competition -- the robots can be outsmarted and outmanouvred, but fellow players are a whole different matter.Sir, You Are Being Hunted combines the best elements of horror, stealth and survival; and wraps them all up in a quirky British package. It's not everybody's cup of tea, but if you're into that kind of thing then it will do very well indeed."
76561198093363183,Not Recommended,242880,33141458,Posted: 2 July,all,Smackm0nk3y,"Great music and atmosphere and thats about it.  Its a stealth survival game, just not a very good one imo.  I got bored very quickly."
,Recommended,242880,32456255,Posted: 15 June,all,Silphaer,"This game has a fascinating story, and interesting style and music, but unfortunately, it's far too difficult.Graphics - 73%Music - 73%Gameplay - 51%Story - 68%Difficulty - 90%Enjoyment Factor - 22% - Much too difficult.Overall - 62.83%"
,Not Recommended,242880,11580000,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,E- la -in,"Sounds like a great idea, but the actual game is really really, really boring. Can't enter buildings? Lot of stupid loot. You have to run from these robots, so what. Uninteresting♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198099101999,Recommended,242880,23463179,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sushi,"i mean its a fun game worth about 20 hours of game play, the variety and enemies are cool but the devs seem like they dont care about the game anymore"
,Recommended,242880,10022916,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Bunderu,This game uses proper etiquette and grammer when addressing the player.11/10
76561198066299320,Recommended,242880,18068328,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,scvm boy,(insert british stereotype here)
,Not Recommended,242880,14170038,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"a miserable, lifeless interpretation of the survival game genre"
76561198014681050,Recommended,242880,11580368,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Grendel,"Someday i awoke on this island with these oddly speaking english robots...they are hunting me.my clothes were enough for 3 bandages.i am wounded. i am starving... and i can hear them laugh.i saw them from a distance holding human skulls up high and singing robot songs...i dont´know what they want... but i found a revolver and 6 bullets.fear leads to anger. anger leads to hate... and now the hunter becomes the hunted!(Highly recommended Survival Horror full of fear for the skilled and creative Player in a Sandbox Matrix. Noone will Survive. This time It´s a Trap!)10/10 ""They are made for Hunting Humans.... And they will do!"""
,Not Recommended,242880,34976169,Posted: 15 September,all,InfiniteAttack,"""Released"" while still not completed."
76561198023785211,Not Recommended,242880,10959960,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Galenmacil,"Can't say I was too impressed about this title. Was expecting some cool stealth and survival gameplay on randomly generated maps (which sounded. altogether, quite cool)... What I got was more like a hide in the bushes until the robot get past you and don't even think about silently knocking them down (you just can't!). Survival was more like ""go to that house/barrel container and loot the pile of useless junk"". You sometime get some food or ammo but pretty much everything else is, as the game itself point out, junks!Now the random maps... They are more like small random island. Five in total with boats that ""load"" the closest one when used. Terrain is mostly flat and uninteresting. Some wild animals and cool sunsets add to the otherwise boredom of the landscape. Was expecting more: hills, cave, large town, resource gathering... Textures are quite ugly and low resolution as well, which does not help. GPU was reporting using about 350-400 MB of DRAM. Not very 2014ish.I do not recommend this title at all. Unless you want a game to play for like 1 hour and then get to something else, which I did."
,Not Recommended,242880,32399031,Posted: 13 June,all,TheSmashBro64,"Its a British survival game, I hoped that it would be good off that concept aloneUnfortunately, it suffers from a very slow pace, and never picks up. You barely run into any robots and it just turns into a ""walk around and find glowing things cause we couldn't think of a plot"" game.This game could be improved if it took the Minecraft route, with the only objective being to survive, nothing else."
,Not Recommended,242880,32242844,Posted: 7 June,all,Bruce,"I used to like this game a lot, back when it was justifiably unfinished.It's since been abandoned by the devs and the novelty of the whole game has worn off. It's generally boring and lacking in content. Can't say it's worth the asking price really, maybe closer to £6.99 or something along those lines."
,Not Recommended,242880,32486702,Posted: 16 June,all,Moochpit #1 Fan,"me and my friend got it for multiplayer and it doesnt work, just says loadingt servers forever..."
,Recommended,242880,23597757,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dark Blue Monkey,"Down, down down!  Ok, keep your head down.  There, through the trees? See the town?  I think there's some food and stuff left there... What? yes, I know it's dangerous.. Ok, come on...  keep low... go go go!, stay in the grass, as much as you can...  Look, a wall, head for it! KEEP DOWN! shh! ok... stay by the wall.... just a bit further... quick, look around the phone box.. what can you see?   SH*T!  head down.. I think it saw me... breathe.. breathe.. Ok, I think it's lost interest... quick, peek again... good... it's headed down that side street.. ok, quick dash, around that barrel, and the remains of the shopping cart, and the house will shield you.. GO!..  quickquickquick...DOWN!  God, not a moment too soon.. there's three of them! I didn't see the other two.  OK, check inside.. what is there?  is that IT? no, we can't eat that..  a rock may be useful.. It gives me an idea....OK, let's try that house... I know, they're in the way... here! Nnng!  Haha, they heard the rock hit that phone box.. ok, count to 3.. 1, 2.. 3, go!  keep low... careful! now!..ok, made it, what's in this house?  rags, good...  some marmalade, excellent.. Pickled eggs, oh thank god!  Here, pass me a few.. mm.. oh that's good. I was so hungry..   Right.. we're going to have to get out of here, it's too dangerous.  One more egg, though... ahh..    I think I saw a boat a mile or so that way, off to the south... it means a quick dash over the grass, and into that field of wheat, then through those woods.I think the robots are gone.. ok, GO!.. RUN!..  UH OH, I think they.... SH*T! That missed me by.. OW!  AAGH, they got me in the arm.. KEEP RUNNING!  FENCE! JUMP IT!  THEY'RE COMING!.. Jesus. the fence stopped that one!   OK, the fence'll hitch 'em up..  cross the field, RUN.. We're losing them... Wait, what's that?  Looks like a scarecrow, haha..   wh? It's... looking at me! What?  Come on, leave it, it's just...   AAGH! HOW DID IT GET BEHIND ME?  Oh god, RUN! It's SHOUTING FOR HELP!  RUN!!! AGH, IT'S THERE AGAIN!! No, it moves when you stop looking at it.. keep looking at it.. back off... slowly...   Uh oh, the others are coming in from the other way.. they're going to cut us off... We just have to get out of this field... keep backing away... I know they're coming, but keep looking at it.. back up, slowly... keep going...  Wha! Oh, it's the fence on the other side! That thing is still looking at us, and it's told the others where we are.. they're coming... just keep backing along the fence...  feel it with your hands, don't stop looking...We're losing sight of it now.. Oh! It's turned away! I think it lost sight of us first! .. ok, get down... crawl in the wheat, keep your head down...  go go ....  The others went to where the scarecrow was last looking.. I think.. oh thank god, there's a break in the fence...  through! Go!.. keep down.. there's the edge of the woods and small depression in the ground.. Keep low, head down, let the terrain shield you...  look! A small hut ibehind those trees. it might have some food.  I think I might be bleeding from that nick in the arm..  quick, commando crawl into the woods... three meters.. two.. one... through that bush... ok, we're surrounded by trees, head for the cabin.... ow! nettles.. keep going.. just around this pond... ok look inside.. Yes! A pistol.. and a few bullets.. That'll help.. Let me.. bandage my arm.. ok, done.  I.. just.. need to sit.. down...  Ahh... *time passes*..Wh? what's that sound?  Wha?.. Oh no.. look! Some kind of hot air balloon with a searchlight! and it's coming our way!  I think there are robots on it with binoculars..  Look, the boat's not far.. let's head off... it takes us slightly away from the path of the balloon... OK, come on...  there's nobody about, let's run!  Go!...  Mind that fencepost! And a postbox.. weird.. what's that doing here? Hmm, ok, Over this rise... there! Through the reeds, down on the water!  It's the boat, come ON!  What do you mean you saw something?  What? where? There? some smoke? Leave it!  Yes, it might be important, but that balloon might see us if it comes this way!   OK, OK let's check it out, quickly..It looks like it's coming from beyond that ruined barn... keep quiet... let's head for the barn and use it as cover...  Shame the grass is so short here....  Nngg.. let's quietly check the place out... good.. nothing here.. just a barrel.. with... mmm.. HAHA! whiskey! Ohhh yeaahhh..  I am gonna party like it's 1999!  *glug*.. ahhhhhhhh.. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shure hit she shpot... mmmm... hey, why you all blurry? mmm..   oh! bottle might come in handy.. Right, I*uhic*, I shay, I'm ready to check that shmoke out... letsh move-out!...   But. keep low anyway....  follow that dry shtone wall...   Aahh, the whiskey's wearing off.. There, I can see the smoke.. looks like a few robots guarding it.. Why?   Let's get closer.. Oop! Down! he saw me, shh!.   *whisper* there's  a big rock.. let's head for that when he turns away... ok, go!....That whatever-it-is, is right on the other side of this rock, you can hear it humming! . Let's see what they make of this bottle! MMMmff!  haha, boy that was a long throw...  ha! a pleasing sound.. Oh, that got their attention!  There they go, quick, go grab it! Yes! Get it!  What is it? I don't care, take it!, come ON! They're coming back!   Ow! Watch it!  OK, what was it? some kind of cog thing. Looks like the shape on that stone in the stone circle.. bizarre. ok, let's head for the boat, you've satisfied your curiosity.. Keep the rocks between them and us! Let's go.......SYABH is a brilliant stealth game.  The programmers who made the random scenery and terrain are geniuses.  It may also be the most british game of all time, as well!     The end-music is well worth playing through for, as well...If I had to describe this game, it changes it feel according to what you're doing. Sometimes it feels like Thief, sometimes ""S.T.A.L.K.E.R""...  The whole atmosphere is excellent, and despite dieing repeatedly, I just couldn't stop, because I knew I could beat it with patience.  Oh, yes, that's what this game needs, patience, and LOTS of it.   You are very vulnerable, so being quiet, taking your time, and planning your move will help you immensely.     The graphics aren't as polished as a AAA game, and the music is ambient and atmospheric, sounding like some of the stock sounds from a synth app.  The UI is minimal and does look a little amateurish.. However, none of that really detracts from the game.  The locations are superb, the path-finding is excellent, and the constant pressure to keep moving is superb.  you really do feel like you're public enemy #1.Well recommended, but not for people who only like SHMUPS and FPSes... Quake, this ain't.  If you liked Thief, though, this is more your style.     Make sure you have a thermos of tea and some biscuits when you play as well.  It's what us brits would do :)"
76561198088218544,Recommended,242880,24306751,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Unassuming Guy,"You'll twitch in fear everytime you hear a robotic voice say ""What was that?"" and look in your direction."
,Not Recommended,242880,10134807,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ShroomyTheStoner,"Disappointing as hell.  Same game as when I bought it in Alpha;  You walk around, collect random pieces, bring them back to the pillar.Horrible.  Bad FPS mechanics, boring randomly generated terrain, lackluster crafting, simplistic ""survival"" mechanics, and poor AI."
,Recommended,242880,9462048,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,thesplintercell,IZ GUD.
,Recommended,242880,12733517,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,BrosBeforeHoes,"I love this so much, just, so much class for one game"
,Not Recommended,242880,11357839,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,LastTao,"Another Early Acces fraudThis game is a great example of Early Acces developers who failed to finished their game and keep all the promices they gave.Few days Big Robot Ltd ago releas version 1.2 patch, but dont be fooled about thath. Sir, You Are Being Hunted is absolutely unfinished game which, for some reason, considered to be completed and sold for full price."
76561198069328574,Not Recommended,242880,31870444,Posted: 20 May,all,Blackspartan54 | Farmskins.com,"Like communism. Good idea, bad execution."
,Recommended,242880,9788040,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,↜༺ ☩ Frøstyß ᛟ ༻↝,"I personaly require this game to breath... Well, it IS what I breath.Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a very unique and fun way to survive and strive to eat and steal from house's and any other natural resource's to live off from.In this game, you are a fellow man, (or woman) who has been put to the test of survival in a very mysterious world that is populated by robots. Now these robot's are not out to shake hands in deal of peace with you, but to shoot you in the face with their weaponry. Sir, You Are Being Hunted offer's a unique gameplay to survival, from running away from a robotic dog that wants to tear off your face, to a monsterous giant that would grind you to the bone.The game offer's many type's of robot's with different and unique ""style's"" of how they plan to catch you, and how they want to kill you, for example. Some robot's may prefure to spot you out, in a air balloon, then their is the lone robot's that would randomly set up traps and wait for you to carelessly step on it's beartrap and shoot you from their, and their is the natural and  the more common type of robot that would rather hunt in pack's of two, four, or more with the usual rifle.I only ever met one freindly robot in a village, rather big, and armed with a pistol. It was curious of what I was and it was rather not interested in ""hunting"" me down. It would just joyfully give me that freindly wave, I'd wave back. Well that was until it caught me stealing from the village. It got mad and started shooting at me, so I ran. Before that moment, I had honestly thought I had a freind.After quickly learning later that everything was a danger to me in someway's, and most of the robotic thing's out their wanted to kill me, I decided it was best to try and take a more stealthy approach to etheir get around them or if you are more like me, to simply smash them, shoot them and then rob the robot's for their precious tea and ammo.All in short:Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a game I would definitely recommend to everyone!10/10I have not experienced any other stealth, survival games like this before. I think it is the best of it's kind.GOOD JOB!In extra:In this game gentalmen... IAMthe hunter! >:Dhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=247988342&tscn=1397233036----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT:And this is when ""sir, you are being hunted"" the video game,died.It will be remembered to be a fun game while it was still in developement.But now, it has been left unfinished and left to rot like the rest of these ""almost perfect concept"" games.R.I.P:emofdr:It could of been better..."
76561197987326605,Not Recommended,242880,9559858,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Danahi,"The game has potential which might grow into something beautiful in the future. However at this moment the game feels clumsy. Mouse movement feels unnatural and combat feels empty. I am interested what multiplayer will bring however.Buildings are not visitable, rather they have an inventory. This to me breaks immersion.Pros:- interesting concept.- nice setting.- going to get multiplayer!Cons:- gameplay feels unnatural.- can't go into buildings."
76561197970701643,Recommended,242880,7957059,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Racist towards British people.
,Recommended,242880,10023264,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,penis sweatpants butt boner 1000,so scary ur butt wil hurt
76561198007368412,Recommended,242880,8773638,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Max Crashington the Bastard,Charming. Startlingly pretty. I love the art style and the general aristocratic british style that goes about those who seek to violently do you harm and murder you.Also surprisingly tough. I like it a bunch. :)
,Recommended,242880,16332344,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Hellcase.com,very funny game and interesting topic11/10 :)
76561198059401865,Recommended,242880,8259673,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,DudeoftheRock,So much fun.
76561198081987102,Recommended,242880,8262982,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lawd,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a very ""pretty"" game, with a mix of thrill, horror and humour. Best of all it's really cheap for a game of its type, so if you have a few spare bucks, definatly buy this game, it wont let you down."
,Recommended,242880,8222864,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,zannafar,"The title ""Sir, You Are Being Hunted"" is a very good description of the game itself.You wake up on one of five islands (which are generated at the beginning of a new game) with almost no equipment and the instructions to find the parts of an experiment, which lie scattered across the islands. However armed robots lurk everywhere and will hunt after you as soon as they catch sight of you."
76561198096110017,Recommended,242880,20598968,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Jop,"sittin' here in the philippines.  just killed my neighbor's pig.  but you know what i like more than murder?  gang violence.  in fact, thats why i installed these knives in my forearm.  Its like my uncle says, ""get that ♥♥♥♥er in the ribs, boy"""
,Recommended,242880,8482492,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ben the biscuit,"In its current state, it is already a solid game. It recieves updates probably monthly but each update introduces quite a bit of content.The game already has a lot of content to offer and is fun to play on its own."
,Recommended,242880,8358466,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,B3njam1n,I don't think I can say I've ever been more terrified of English Gentleman Robots.
,Recommended,242880,14643451,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,SuperSweetSucc,"Wallet, you are being scammed"
,Recommended,242880,7963724,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Pixelwastelander,"Wow just wow. This game is AMAZING! Its s suspensful and it always keeps you on the edge of your seat. Doesnt seem like a ""scary"" game but it is. I dont persoally think it is worth 20$ (thats why i got it when it went on sale) so if you are questioning buying it, get it while its on sale."
,Recommended,242880,7967792,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Halfy,"Bit early for impressions at this point but its shaping up real nice.Reminds me strangly of deus ex where you can fight but the best way to play is with stealth and cunning, so if you prefer stealth games with a tinge of horror then this is made for you. Also includes overexaggerated brittish-ness which is very amusing."
,Recommended,242880,7976951,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,C.Martin,Absolutely amazing it has a stunning world allows you to choose how the world generates starts you off with class based inventory the one class that has guns does not have that much ammunition  to start and there are so many robots to dealwith and not much ammunition food is extremely scarce although distractions come in abundence but they will not keep you safe forever...How far will you go to survive?prosno bugs that ive seenai doesnt just lock on to your locationlimited ammunition making surviving not easyconsvery little food its rageinduceing10/10 for alpha
,Recommended,242880,7991806,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Mochie,Thrilling! Certainly quite the air of mystery surrounding the game and a flair of spookyness! Highly reccomended
,Recommended,242880,17305863,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,TheWizardLizard,I sat in a bush staring at a patrol of robots for 15 mins figuring out a plan.11/10 -IGNWould sit in bush again
,Recommended,242880,18139869,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,matt_gurich,Very silly. Very fun. Guns are interesting too. A lot more powerful than you expect. I didn't expect it to be such an open world either. All in all i liked it. Good price too if you get it on sale. 8/10
,Recommended,242880,8246495,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,snargleplax,"This is stealth/survival done right.  Great mechanics, serious challenge, and a highly entertaining and original environment expertly devised to fill you with creeping fears of tory robot death.  Headphones strongly recommended for a proper experience."
76561198058260615,Recommended,242880,14248945,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Nibbs is hhheerre,not like  2048 for iosdont buy
,Recommended,242880,19278669,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Juicestain,hi all is good game low cost but not have menu no have exit no options is good game
,Recommended,242880,7986767,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Shadowfied,"Really cool Steampunk-ish survival FPS. Lots of inventory management and looting, sweet randomly generated environments. It's still in alpha and should be treated as such, but this has some huge potential. I'd highly suggest picking it up if it's on sale, but 19€ is a bit steep for what the game currently has to offer."
,Not Recommended,242880,11189507,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,brownjor10,"This game isn't terrible but it could use a lot more work, like most Early Access games.  Good base plan: survive in open world where your only real goal is to escape.  I've always wanted to resident evil game like that, where you randomly find lickers and tyrants in the city and can run or fight.  Back to topic...  Good plan, lazy execution.First, you can't go inside of buildings.  Just one question... Why?  In an area full of evil robots (or any enemies searching for you) crouching in the 2nd story window of a house and shooting down or throwing a bomb would feel great!  I understand this game is about being sneaky and hiding if you can, but that's even more reason to be able to go in building.  The general world doesn't have too great of hiding spots.  You need buildings to hide in and jump to and from just to get around anywhere that has more than one robot.Second, any robot with a gun deals so much you are lucky to survive and patch yourself from the first shot.  Then, even if you do survive, you can't (to my knowledge) put bandages on your hotkey bar.  So, you can't instant patch yourself, meaning you have to pause and do it while they are still chasing you or else you will bleed out in about 10 seconds.  God forbid you get hit in a field or an area with nowhere great to hide, because you will get shot and killed while trying to bandage yourself.Next, minor complaint: I do wish it was true open world.  I mean that the islands were all loaded with a render distance enabled.  Having to teleport from boat dock to boat dock is a little lame feeling.  I want the moment of running from robots, hopping on a boat and sailing out while ducking in to the boat and barely escaping in to the sea.  Then having the excitement of finding a new island and trying to find a safe place to dock.I'm pretty good about going on for a really long time when reviewing games, so I'll cut it here, but I just have to say: Good start.  Great idea with the possible escape to try and give the open world genre some feeling of meaning, unlike games like minecraft which, while very fun with friends, can get dull fast when you realize all you are looking forward to is fighting a very laggy dragon that clips through blocks, to get an egg that does nothing.  But if this game wants to be remembered it needs to open it's doors (literally) and brouden it's scopes.  Also, not sure if this is a thing, but it would be cool if you could use hotair balloons you shoot down.  Patch them, etc.  Then be able to fly anywhere with them (again requiring a true open world)."
76561198086388293,Recommended,242880,16999761,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Corgidog,"I really like this game.   It is a 100%  stealth and strategy game.  I have played using all the different character types  available which does not change the gameplay just the items in your inventory at the start of the game.   You can change the landscape and the buildings and throw in the amount of robots that you want.   I really like the ability to be able to modify and change landscapes and structures because you have a different game each time.  I will strongly advise not to start the game with the max amount of robots  if you are a beginner as it will be almost impossible to play.  Between the dogs and the horsemen you will  running  for your life and may not enjoy the game.  Horsemen  sometimes  do not appear if the fields (hayable, stonewall,  hedge, woodfence) are not checked or turned on.  They will appear outside of fields obviuosly but many times I have constructed landscapes with no fields with horsemen added in  the mix of robots and none were ever seen during the game.   If  you  really want a challange give it a go because almost every single field will have a horseman.    Horsemen are not limited to the fields and they will roam the woods and villages as well but prefer the fields it seems.   It does not matter where you are  if the horsemen see you run.  In the landscape menu you have a variety of landscape types to pick from and to modify.  Only one landscape pattern per island.    Be careful when choosing dramitic with mountains and valleys as it can make extreme pits and  canyons to fall into and mountains that are very tall and hard to climb.     Also, if you choose large islands for all your islands sometimes the game will have trouble loading and then other times there may be  one of the docks that is off in the corner of the screen (map) or way out in the water where you will always be killed by the mechanical arms (bog monster) before you can reach the dock.     However, not all of the arms will bite you causing damage.    I have found that they tend to rotate damage vs non-damage.   The first one you encounter will make noise and that is all but when it goes away the very next one will bite and cause severe damage and death if  you do not run away.   Sometimes you will have a piece of the artifact (teleporter) on an island that is only a few yards away from your main island and you will have to walk through the water.   There are no boats to use for these situations you must wade through chest high water and sometimes go underwater.  You do not swim or drown just walk or run through the water.   I have spent alot of time in and under water and never drowned in this game but anything is possible I suppose .   Jump in the water and wait for one of the bog monsters to  pop up.  If it does not bite then keep going but if it does, retreat back to shore and wait for it to go away.  Do not stand at the waters edge cause they can hit you on land.   Once it goes away try again and the next one should be harmless.   There is so much to this game that I love and appreciate.   My hats off to the makers of this game at Big Robot.  Great job and well done.   I  know some people do not like this game because they cannot save game progress anywhere anytime in the game or they say there are not enough weapons or they want massive damage weapons.   This IS NOT a ""shoot'em up"" type of game.   It is a stealth and strategy game.   I love the fact that you can only save at the standing stone or at one of the boat docks.    Also,  if you are bleeding or starving you cannot save either so make sure you have rags and food.    I like the challenge this puts on the player.   Its 100% all about STEALTH and strategy.   If you use your noise makers wisely ( clocks, trains, bottles, rocks and trombone)  you can distract the hunter bots to accomplish your goals.  I  know its just a game and that the robots can be predictable sometimes, but you still have to plan  and think ahead about how you manuver.   Happy hunting."
,Recommended,242880,18368540,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,zharrhen,I got violated by robotic tentacles in ways that i do not care to elaborate on.Would reccomend
76561198044278277,Recommended,242880,9197197,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Zest!!!,Run from the nasty robots.
76561198124122728,Recommended,242880,16885509,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Muffinman,I kill robots in a gentlemanly fashion.
,Recommended,242880,9227306,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Walski,Fun stealth game and very classy.
,Recommended,242880,9262830,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,SubWoofer,"This Game is good, but very hard!"
,Recommended,242880,8064626,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Spleashmicannon,"Sir, you are being hunted is a beautiful game with an art style tha may not be for everyone but is certainly for most. Most of the gameplay consists of distracting, running, hiding and looting. While there are guns and you can shoot people it's not really an ideal way to get past an enemy to loot something.Negatives: You can't go in buildings, you can't save very often, you can breath underwater (for now), you have infinite stamina for runningPositives: Great sneaking system with few glitches, beautiful world ( a lot of effort went in to the way things look), clear objective, can go on forever, books everywhere that are very interesting to read and are about all sorts of things including the 'scary' tale of what the first of the robots were like, a bit of humourAs you can see above the positives easily outdo the negatives. This is truely a stealth and survival game I will never forget."
,Recommended,242880,8075711,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,quantumflux,"From the amount of time I played this game I can already tell it is amazing. The world is beautiful (if a bit too low-res textured), the theme of the game is implemented in a lovely way and there's a ton of ways to loose. I just died my first death (after eternities of hiding in bushes because I was too scared) and am still shivering a bit because it came surprisingly fast. I will definitely continue playing this and give an update once I had some more time with it."
76561198049803875,Recommended,242880,8056549,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Horseman,This indeed is one fine piece of software I must say. Have a go with it as the jolly good developers keep you on track with more updates. Even though in Alpha it is a nice way of passing your time.
,Recommended,242880,13180238,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Super Sneaky Cream Puff,"Found a mushroom, ate it, got high.10/10 Would play again"
,Recommended,242880,13950622,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Amalaíso,"Think of a DayZ... Ok, got it? Now change all the zombies, from zombies to robots... BRITISH ROBOTS, now instead of YOU killing robots (british robots), the robots (british =D) kill you! So... Sir, you are being hunted."
,Not Recommended,242880,11221859,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Goober,"This game has incredible potential. Its far from perfect right now, but it isnt too bad either. id say at the moment its not worth twenty bucks but in the future it may be. i personally love survival type of games but this really does need some polish. its a great concept but at the moment its in a bit of a lame state."
,Recommended,242880,14174687,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Captain-Weasly,Survival Game - CheckRobots - CheckCrafting - CheckRandom Generated - CheckFun - CheckAbility to change the game title - Check
76561198046274386,Recommended,242880,8231477,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jacket,"this game is a combo of don't starve and dayz because robots or zombies but they have guns and it dont starve because you can be a airstock or something a gameskeeper, a officer,a cook (you will never go hungery), a iventor ,a drunker is what i call him, AND SOME MORE!!!ITS AWESOME"
76561198082192143,Recommended,242880,8770199,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Wu Tang Clan - Ghostface Killa,"This game is amazing, there are some funny glitchy parts but it still getting updates so is going to be very succsefull in the future."
,Recommended,242880,10017448,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Yari,i found 8 robots all bugging out within each other in the middle of a feild10/10
76561198038973668,Recommended,242880,4556102,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,The Hatless Ranger,"If Big Robot plays their cards right, this game will go places."
,Recommended,242880,9843158,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,chef,"Despite it being in Early Access, this is a wonderfully fun game. It's a bit tedious in the beginning but once you explore more and get some gear, this is a great ♥♥♥♥ing game. (Sorta like DayZ)"
,Recommended,242880,13746055,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Michael Parsons,"Me, being a Gentalmanly llama. Enjoys games as much as the next llama. this game I enjoyed as it was a lot of fun, and very Gentlemanly, for example I can eat a very healthy serving of biscuts with the legendary drink that is tea, at the same time as in game. the gameplay is positvly llama-ing (that i sa very good thing as I am a llama) and the graphics are all right. I am looking foward to multi-player so I can play with my other llama-ing companions."
,Recommended,242880,28006035,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,burnt to a crisp,once you get the strange device its not hard at all
,Recommended,242880,17592375,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Bridgemaster Chumpus,Cool and unique game... also extremely fun
,Not Recommended,242880,20612096,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,G Mav318,Took only two hours to finish through the first time and have no reason to play through again. Interesting concept just not enough depth for me.
,Not Recommended,242880,19925715,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Casual Jake,Standard scavenging survival game put on the market to take dollars from your wallet for the current fad.
,Recommended,242880,11187923,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jar O' Nut,this game is great for those who want a different kind of survival game. One where you are actually being hunted
76561198081314074,Recommended,242880,9782536,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Mr Thug,"If you thought that Amnesia or Minecraft were survival games, you have no idea how wrong you are. Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a real man's survival game; you're pretty screwed as soon as you set foot into the world, being a posh wealthy person and all, with next to no real combat experience, you start small, only picking off robots when they're alone, and then you get cocky, sooner or later the game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥and make you re-think everything. I would honestly recommend this game to anyone who thinks they have the balls or the brains to try it, but take my word for it, You Never Will."
,Recommended,242880,9861479,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Spooky Logic,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a great example of Stealth action games still alive! While not entirely 'Metal Gear Solid', for an Indie game and Early Access at that, Sir brings a great sense of insecurity and laughs. The stealth system is very great! And the enemy combat is quite difficult if you are completely un-armed(As in, if you don't have a weapon you should run!). This game gets it right with it's perfect blend of sillyness, stealth, and insecurity. I mean really, Stealth action AND looting!? Oh and one more thing, British. Robots. I EXTREMELY reccomend this game to anyone looking to get lost in a new world of fun, and steriotypical Britishness."
76561198100416434,Recommended,242880,15308707,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,pyromaniac603,i highly recomend this game but i would really like it if they added some achivments to go along with it
,Recommended,242880,15479413,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Pants Optional,"yes, i see why this requires windows 7, quite"
76561198121392503,Recommended,242880,17648925,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,AngryMuffins,"Murdered by robots yelling ""Lost the blighter.""10/10"
76561197991103051,Recommended,242880,10025143,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Puddle,Im finally reviewing this since It has officially been launched.This is a great idea for a game but leaves A LOT to be desiered. This game still feels like its in beta and the focus seems to be on the gunplay and killing robots instead of the stealth.I dont like the direction they went with this and being released in this state feels like a lazy cash grab.
,Recommended,242880,7846439,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,vodolaz095,"You protagonist appears on creepy, gloomy randomly generated archipelago. You have to collect crystals avoiding, distracting or even fighting back enemies. This enemies are merciless robots, that  are always outnumbering you by quantity, gun power and speed. The only way to survive - to hide in foliage, scavenge for weapons and supplies, keeping your character well feed. In this game you are alone, only the voice of you butler sometimes gives you the part useful, part useless advises."
76561198000378204,Recommended,242880,11106214,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Kyp,"I woudn't recommand this game if you're hoping for a long game. There's not much replayability here, even with the worlds randomly generated. You've played once, you've seen nearly everything.But nonetheless, the short time you play is quite nice. The feeling of survival and of being hunted is incredible. The graphics seem poor but set up a brilliant atmosphere, reinforced by extraordinary sound effets.So clearly it won't please every player, but if you'd like a short trip to a beautiful british countryside, hunted by robots, hiding in the tall grass and exploring to find these bloody last three pieces of the machine that will let you escape this hell, you're in for a nice time.Oh, and beware the scarecrows.Je ne recommande pas ce jeu à ceux qui chechent un jeu qui les occupera longtemps. Sir, you are being hunted manque singulièrement de rejouabilité, même avec le territoire généré aléatoirement. Une partie (à peu près trois heures) suffit à tout voir ou presque.Néanmoins, le peu de temps passé à jouer est vraiment agréable. On a bien l'impression d'être traqué et l'aspect survival est très présent. Les graphismes ont l'air foireux quand on voit les screenshots, mais ils sont parfaits pour instiller une ambiance oppressante et terriblement british. Les effets sonores sont extraordinaires aussi et contribuent pour beaucoup à l'ambiance.Alors clairement, ça ne plaira pas à tous les joueurs, mais si vous êtes tentés par un petit voyage dans la campagne anglaise, chassé par des robots ridicules mais impitoyables, caché dans des hautes herbes et explorant des iles pour découvrir les trois dernières pièces qui vous aideront à réparer la machine qui vous permettra de vous échapper, alors préparez-vous à un délicieux moment.Oh, et méfiez-vous des épouvantails..."
,Not Recommended,242880,24680456,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,supimdaniel undercover cop,still needs a lot of workthat foliage kills my frame rate
,Recommended,242880,21140551,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Khorps,"This is awesome, you must travel around 4 islands collecting ""fragments"", then you have to put them in a rockbut while you do this, sir, you are being hunted"
76561198045786636,Recommended,242880,10475959,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,EYEKILLU187,Fought a robot dog to the death with a hatchet. 10/10
,Not Recommended,242880,25880840,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Mattieguy,"I am a real fan of stealth games and I certainly did enjoy playing this game for a bit. After a while it becomes repetitive and boring, unforunately. Online multiplayer isn't much better either, and it looks like the developers have abandoned this game. I really loved playing this game, but there is just not too much to it anymore."
,Recommended,242880,21790934,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Baron Von Memeington,"I could write a reallt funny review, but this game deserves more.This is quite possibly the best survival gane I have ever played. It's very fun b/c of it's originality and puns. Also, it's scary as hell.Pros:-Fun game with multiple weapons.-Graphics are nice and unique.-You can edit the robots if they are too difficult.-British PunsCons:-Can only save at certain points, making it frustrating if you die.-Robot AI can be a little frustrating.Overall, if you are thinking about it, do it."
76561198053791622,Recommended,242880,23129250,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,wnci779,"step 1: make mapstep 2: get gunstep 3: kill some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ robotsstep 4: find big scary thing just before nightstep 5: panic and run away screaming ""nope""step 6: diestep 7:repeat"
,Recommended,242880,12141889,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,LongDanzi,"so as I moved around avoiding the robots trying to murder me, I came across a group of houses. curious, I searched them and found a pistol and some ammo. me now feeling like I could take on the world turned around with gun in hand.... just in time to see a robot hound make me his new chew toy.  I screamed like a little girl10/10 I didn't know I could scream that loud"
,Recommended,242880,10002971,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Portal Pony,"Before the resent up dates it was very bad ,but now there's a lot of cool new mobs to fight. (or run from)"
76561197971527463,Recommended,242880,10005096,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Lasher,"Superb! Excellent stealth mechanics (which many games try for and fail to deliver properly), smooth, good looking engine and all with a sense of humour.With more of this kind of thing in the world we'll be back to an empire in no time.Colour should be spelt with a ""U"" in it at all times.Tea is for drinking, not throwing in rivers.Software installs should have the option of ""Proper English"" or ""Proper English""The letter ""Z"" should be in very few words such as ""Zebra""The phrase is ""I couldn't care less"", not ""I could care less"" which is a nonsense as it clearly indicates that you care to some degree.NTSC is a silly television standard.DO NOT leave the house without your hat, cane and gloves and for GOD'S SAKE MAN, when you bring me my tea DO NOT slop it in the saucer, I HAVE TOLD YOU ON MORE THAN ONE OCCASSION.... now go and iron my copy of the Times and bring it to me in the study where I will be smoking my pipe and staring at a picture of Queen Victoria........."
76561198028561892,Recommended,242880,10017835,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,darksureshot,"So let me get this right...I play a gentleman who only gets called ""sir"" by what sounds like alfred from batman telling me i got to find parts for a teleporter he then mentions i am being hunted but he did not mention that the hunters are english gentleman robots complete with top hats so now i am hopelessly out numbered and out gunned as i roam what seems to be the english countryside avoiding robo-gentleman....AWESOME!!!!"
76561198047649664,Not Recommended,242880,11190273,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Craig,I really wanted to like this game.  The concept sounded really interesting.  In the end it's acutally quite dull with an extremely clunky and frustrating control system.  Every time I died I felt it was because of the horrible controls.  I really tried to love this but I really hate it.  Sorry.
,Recommended,242880,17000469,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Road Man Stan,"I thought it was all over when I accidentily shot a Squire in the face.I thought it was all over when I hid under a structure from the Balloon only to find out the spotlight is made of magic.I thought it was all over when I stepped in my own bear trap after I put down an alarm clock.I thought it was all over when I got shot in the face by a robot talking about concealing secrets from his wife.I thought it was all over when I lost my fake British accent.But then, when all hope was lost, I got all the pieces to the Stone Circle and went home.8/6 broken shotguns, would get hunted again."
,Not Recommended,242880,29957330,Posted: 15 February,all,WarPigs,"General Opinion:Overall Experience Rating:6/10AI Design:8/10AI Mechanics:3.5Stealth Mechanics:2/10Roleplay:8/10Creativity:8.5/10Graphics:5/10Overall Immersiveness:4/10Pros: Different Characters with Unique abilities, can generate your own maps, You can change the difficulties (I love a good challenge so my first game was to max spawn everything. Took 2 steps toward the giant rune better the airballoons gunned me down lol!) The concept is extremely innovative. The baddies were unique, tough, frightening, and therefore satisfying to kill!, I approve of the airballoon. The atmosphere was excellent! And the choice between satiating hunger vs. vigor (health) was well done: Eat an uncooked rat: lose 20 health, rather than die from hunger. Life is all about balance.Cons:No Interiors.Very limited amount of itemsnot a lot of craftablesMy BIGGEST problem was that:The stealth system sucks: PLEASE READ BELOW before immediately dismissing my argument:Being clever at hiding is not a viable option:- I've played dozens of games of man-hunt, hide and go seek, created successful ambushes. I'm an excellent seeker, I think both in and outside the box. As a runner/hider In real life: I've hidden right under people's noses as long as I remembered to:a) be aware of my surroundingsb) be deceptivec) remain quiet, and well-hidden,d) think both inside AND outside the both (i.e don't hide under the car, stand still feet hidden behind the tires, be robust and silently maneuver. Also, don't go for the Tall car shrouded in darkness, Go for a small car in a BRIGHTLY lit area. Find a ladder? Climb up and either take up with you, or place it opposite side of the house of your location. Many a times I've been asked: ""How the hell did you get up there!?- In reality: I've won almost every hide and go seek type games using methods mentioned above.Don't believe me? Fine I bet you're the dumbass that traps yourself in the darkest room with no escape route. Hides ""Behind the velvet curtains"" and my personal favorite: ""under a pile of clothes""/""Buried under leaves."" Very obvious.Here are a few examples using a,b, c, and d.1) simply hide behind any door, DO NOT CLOSE IT!!!, instead: squish yourself behind the middle of the door as open and inviting as possible so your pal won't slam you in the face by openng the door): the seeker walks in, checks the closet, the chest, under the bed, piles of clothes, the entire bathroom then leaves.2) flattened myself as close as possible to the front of the couch., seeker walked straight past me to ""check behind the TV set, when he got there, I volted over the couch and touched base.3) hid behind a small car right across from the seeker, feet tucked in behind the car tires. Fool thought I'd hide behind the TALLER cars because they had more cover. While he was checking under the wrong cars, I won.4) Hid on the opposite side of a wall like a ninja, sitting comfortably on a slab of concrete. The gaem had no base so I just chilled there for 30 minutes listening to the footsteps off my budies being chased, running back and forth, on the other side. Finally the seeker caled it quits (Ironically right behind me!) and gave him a good scare.So you see, that is why the stealth system is unimmersive and crap. Another Argument of mine is thus: The AI CLEARLY do not have Heat Sensors, as you can still sneak up on them and whack the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them with a bat. But when detected, it doesn't matter that they last saw you running in a completely different direction, that you ran 100 meters from them and are virtually invisible and far away in giant corn stalks and wheat fields, or hell, hiding in a tree. They magically gain the sixth sense. but ONLY if you trigger them first!The only alternative to survive when out gunned in this game is to run, far, far, away. That shows laziness on the creators' part for the AIAnd Yes, I know this is just a game, but I play stealth games because I enjoy using wit, deception, and innovation. This game surely was innovative, but the broken stealth, and the bi-polar AI ruined it.P.S I hope the authors see this and agree with some of my arguments. Sadly, I cannot recommend a game where it's main feature: Stealth is broken."
,Recommended,242880,21236464,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Knight sexbang,"Sir, you are being haunted.Haunt my dreams, my soul, my life.Its ok."
,Recommended,242880,20926287,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Aziox,step 1: start the gamestep 2: get the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of you by some robotsstep 3: die.step 4: alt+f4step 5: write a review.10/10
,Recommended,242880,13962356,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sir Limey,"This game is amazing, some people don't like that you are almost always finding useless loot but I just think that makes it feel much better when you find something really useful. I mean, if you always found all the best loot wouldn't that just make the game boring? I love the sneaking in the game, yes it may take a while to get around the robots but it's rewarding, and if you really can't be bothered to sneak just shoot them. The only problem I have with the game so far is saving, it's such a hassle to go back to the fancy stones to save, but other than that the game truly is amazing!"
76561198169055773,Not Recommended,242880,32452223,Posted: 15 June,all,JoeyPooc,"This game is terrible.  I saw that not all the reviews were negative, so, I decided to buy it when it was on sale for $3.  That was a mistake.  The game is extremely lacking.  The visuals look worse than IOS games.  Buildings in which you're supposed to collect loot don't even have an interior, just a menu that pops up and shows you what's inside.  I couldn't even stomach to play an hour.  It's also not one of those so bad it's good games.  It's just a waste of money."
,Recommended,242880,9906622,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,"Kira ""Fatso"" Wakenbake",This is good but I call for something other than Sir or Madam as an option.
,Recommended,242880,11272802,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Nagra,"Device, islands, british, robots, sea, birds, loot, houses, rifle, shotgun, revolver, axe, flashlight, trombone, rabbits, bones, boots, rocks, bottles, ammo, binoculars, clocks, mushrooms, stealth, stones, boats, butler, dogs, balloon, food, bandages, traps, dynamite, fire, matches, pipes, map, wisps, tentacles, procedural, biomes, death, hunt, blood, teleport, survival, Sir."
,Not Recommended,242880,33062075,Posted: 30 June,all,gumquat,"Cut the price by half and you will be paying for what the developers finished: half a game.This had A LOT of promise, it just got abandoned."
,Recommended,242880,18514328,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,not Brotha,"good game , i playd it , finished it once , got bored afther , needs more survival aspects"
76561198039932275,Recommended,242880,18519709,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,BRAINSinAIR,"It is really fun to play, especially with or against your friends. Stealth system is done very well. The game has potential, so a lot of improvements will be done, I hope, which is great!"
,Recommended,242880,19517059,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Geleiras,"Lord , when I bought this game I thought I would spend hours playing a stealth game , with a good ambiance and able to hold the focus of an ADHD . With breaks for sinister jokes and dead rats .Getting too happy to blow the neck of a hunter or to flee several of them , as well as simply not be noticed ... Aaaah as I love not being noticed , I spent my whole life doing it! Mostly go unnoticed as they are using a rifle and preparing a bear trap in order to steal a piece of teleportation ! Having to eat enough convincing mushrooms to survive at certain times , naah , just wanted to eat them anyway. Ah yes , sir, where was I? Just say even with all these daily activities I got eight hours to play this game.Yes it is ! I am using Google translator to write this note and I am fully aware of the confusion and how is this lackluster review.And I'm here having fun with the translator the audio !!! HAUHAH"
76561198155005082,Recommended,242880,18516211,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"hmm what to say what to say... got jumped on by this dog this, shot my friend in the knee to sacrifice him to the robots, got ran over by a horse (instant karma) 11/10"
,Not Recommended,242880,26068224,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Pops,"I bought the game, played for 115 mins, then refunded.I like steampunk, robots and stealth. So it seems to me just the game I'm looking for. But it was not.-The game is generall too empty, both story and maps.-Texture quality is bad for a 2013 game.-You can't get in the houses. Both action and stealth is dull.-It clearly needs lots of updates and optimization."
76561198118746676,Recommended,242880,16709202,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Pamplemousse,"Like Doctor Who. Lots of running away, lots of British accents, some clever tactics, a robotic evil hunting you down... 10/10 would drink tea again."
76561198053444844,Recommended,242880,28027782,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CryHavoc,Very Original. I love games that present something unique.
,Recommended,242880,33891503,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr Gandarf,Nice stealth survival against gentleman robots.
,Recommended,242880,18722590,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,THE ENTIRE KEKISTANI REPUBLIC,It's british rust with no building.
,Not Recommended,242880,16805297,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Demien,"I like the concept. I like the robots. But there is no gameplay here... just a WASD simulator with some poor stealth mechanic. There are a lot of better stealth/survival game, 20 euro is too much for this."
76561198056196490,Recommended,242880,31752617,Posted: 14 May,all,Uppercasenumber,all I hear when I'm alone is the sound of the robots. when I sleep all I dream of is being hunted.
76561198123699433,Not Recommended,242880,16801674,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DerangedGopher,"This game did not feel balanced to me. There were many parts that were very difficult, and many other parts that were too easy. This inconsistancy in difficulty has driven me away from this game all-together. A free demo would have been apreciated."
76561198102405048,Recommended,242880,31557062,Posted: 5 May,all,fuck off skrub,overall i would give this game a 6/10 its not very good on graphics but it does have a good concept collecting things to activate a thing to escape a thing very intresting its probaly not worth the money it costs but if you have alot of money i would probaly recomend looking at a video or the trailers before deciding to buy this but overall good game.
,Recommended,242880,25861260,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Bakk - Yernemm,"Heyyy, that's pretty goood!"
76561198071765220,Not Recommended,242880,25862757,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Squish,It is pretty boring :/ once you die a few times (and your friend dies a lot) you can't get anymore weapons and its kind of just run for the stones to try and win. The letters are pretty funny though. I'd enjoy some more multiplayer gamemodes.
,Recommended,242880,29769274,Posted: 7 February,all,Cthulhu the Heister,"I only played 58 minutes, but damn. This game is good... If you get it in a sale. To be honest, it's not worth 20$.But if it is on sale, go ahead and buy it."
76561198326758700,Not Recommended,242880,34625407,Posted: 30 August,all,Cairoplier,"I saw some youtubers play it so I got the game (just before I went on holiday), came back and played it for a bit. Had no fun what so ever. Hard to start of and hard to enjoy, I felt I had to force myself to play the game, and I couldn't refund it because I was on holiday for 2 weeks. If I were you I wouldn't get the game, is you like the genre, get something like 7days to die or RUST or even Raft"
,Not Recommended,242880,14005655,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Wilo,"Its okay, just gets repeatitive. shouldn't be 20$"
,Recommended,242880,9353608,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Master-Betty,"First I like to say ""It's time to kick♥♥♥♥♥and drink a cup of tea, and I am all out of tea.""I would recommend this game to players who enjoy stealth type first person shooters(though none automatic weapons). It's challenging and the atmosphere puts you in the position of being a prey. At first it is scary in an environment where humans are replaced by robots. Once you are settled the fright factor is not vanished, but you know it's becoming a survival and a vengence game. Absolutely love it! I have just completed this game. Spent a solid 15 hours. It's like British Ninja vs Vintage Terminators.I have over 300 friends on my Steam and none of them has got this game and only 3 of them wants this. If any of you read this, buy it! Would love to have achievements on this! Anyway thank you Big Robot Ltd can't wait for new updates and keep up the great work =)A truly gentleman's game!"
,Recommended,242880,14108522,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,WassySK,crouching simulator 2014WHAT THIS GAME NEED: WORKSHOP
76561198044797961,Not Recommended,242880,16777529,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Jan,"A beta version or a bad one first person shooter. The graphics, textures, landscapes and scenaries are dull and poor, specially in rural areas. The stealth system is not well implemented by the treatment of sounds in distance: run is the best way to move because walking crouched is too slow and there are few places to hide sure in countryside, overall if you are in trouble. Pretends to be a survival game but not has a true craft system, have little variety of items and many are useless, irrelevant or negatives. There are structures, but are inaccessibles and only serve as containers; all appear to be a cardboard decorate. The foes have great perception and make high damage, but give miserable loots; when a shooting begins many times appear one or more from the nowhere. Always its better avoid them, distract them or flee, and this ends up to not being fun. Maybe a wonderfull game at the 90s end, but nowdays only worth with a huge discount and for hang out."
,Not Recommended,242880,26734968,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,El_Buhdai,"EDIT: WOAHOHOHO HOLY CRAP!! So many people are actually salty about thedisclaimer?! You guys need to get a grip. It's a joke. I don'tactuallythink I'm better than anyone or anything like that. If you're offended by it, maybe you should lighten up.I'm not removing it because I don't care about dislikes. I know the review is good enough that if I just deleted it and reuploaded it without the disclaimer, I'd get at least 70 or 80% helpful, but hey, stay mad. It's your life, not mine. :)DISCLAIMER DISCLAIMER: Trigger warning ahead. If you're easily offended by tongue-in-cheek humor, I suggest you skip the disclaimer.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------DISCLAIMER: There's a TL;DR at the bottom for all you 12 year old memers with a short attention span, but for the rest of us, I suggest you read the whole thing if you're thinking about buying this game..Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a themed open world stealth survival game set in the British countryside, with an experience that is, at times, as charming as the title of the game would suggest. However, there are things holding this game back from greatness that have made me decide to revoke my previous recommendation of this game in my last review. I've been heavily critical in real life of other developers for doing what these devs have done, and after taking a hard look at my experience in this game, I've decided that I'm not going to give these guys a free pass.I'll be dividing this review into Pros, Notes, and Cons. Pros are what most people would consider good for what this game wants to be, Notes are noteworthy things about the game that some people may like or dislike based on preference, and Cons are things that most people would generally consider to be negative in a game. Spoiler Alert: The Pros are strong, but boy are the Cons even stronger... Let's get right into it!Pros:- The game has its own unique character, and I know I've said this before in a recent review, but it applies here as well. It feels very much like it's doing its own thing, and there's nothing much out there quite like ""Sir, You Are Being Hunted"". The unique sounds of the enemies, ambience, and the art on the HUDS and menus create a very tailored experience in the game.- Each enemy in this game feels like a threat and can be terrifying sometimes the first time you see them. They are all pretty dangerous (when they're working how they are supposed to), and can take you out easily if you're not careful. It also seems to have the most specialized enemies of any game that I can recall as of writing this. Each enemy fulfills its own purpose and poses its own threat without too much overlap, so much so that some of them are even limited to specific regions and behaviors. They all compliment each other in a meaningful way, and if you're found out by one, it can end up leading to a domino effect where you find yourself dealing with all.- No crafting. I think that for a game like this, it's a positive. You're supposedly using what you find in the homes of the locals, so it doesn't make sense to throw some obligatory crafting system into this game.- Nice looking environments, even though the graphics aren't the best. It's apparently a common criticism of this game that the environments feel dead. I don't think they feel completely dead, but I think that it's good for them to feel kind of dead as it gives you the sort of feeling that the world is wrong in a sense, like it actively hates you and wants you to join it in feeling cold and dead. I mean, it's an alternate reality where robots hunt humans, afterall!- Pretty fun gunplay, even if the hotboxes can feel a little wonky. There will be some times when you might ask ""Why didn't that hit?"", but that can be attributed to how skinny the robots are that you'll be shooting the most.- You can choose a starting ""profession"" that gives you items to start with that are appropriate for that profession.- The game can feel heavily atmospheric at times, and then heart-thumpingly tense at others.Notes:- Procedurally Generated environments provide a new map on which to play, but the experience is relatively the same unless you crack open the advanced generation settings which are easily available to all players. I believe this somewhat samey gameplay is the cause for the criticism that this game is repetitive, which it kind of is, to be frank.- The graphics won't make your shiny new GTX 1080 boner throb. They have a specific art style, and they get the job done. They aren't spectacular, but they aren't bad either.Cons:- The gunshots are RIDICULOUSLY LOUD compared to everything else. Basically, you have three options.1. Crank up the volume to hear your surroundings better, and then be surprised when your ears are almost ripped off           by the invasive volume of the gunshots (like I did)2. Lower your volume (therefore lowering your awareness) and then be surprised when you end up walking out in front of robots you didn't even know were there.3. Run to the settings menu and cut the weapons volume IN HALF. Just trust me. It'll save you a pair of ears and headphones/speakers if you do so.- The game is a buggy, half-baked mess that was abandoned by its developers on October of last year, which shows that the game was simply a profit machine, not one crafted from passion as it should be. At the very least, there are no microtransactions or DLC because that would be downrightinsultingfor the state that this game is in. Game-breaking and immersion-breaking bugs have a chance of crawling from their habitats to KILL the singleplayer experience, as the last time I played, enemies, even some of the most threatening ones that are to be feared, could be found running infinitely up against walls, or being completely blind to stimuli altogether. I had some loading corruption where the map was completely void of all enemies, or completely overrun with them. Even worse, I had an entire SAVE corrupted, where crazy things were happening every time I loaded the save, and eventually all pieces of ""The Device"", which are required to be found to complete the game, were NOWHERE TO BE FOUND. I only had 5 left, so obviously it would be harder to find them, but I had a scanner that goes off when you have one nearby, and I ran around the whole of all 5 islands with that thing in hand for hours and nothing showed up. And then there's Multiplayer...- Multiplayer has ONE ISLAND, when the game is supposed to contain an archipelago, which is a GROUP of islands. Now, I understand that it would be kind of taxing on one's server if there were 5 worlds loaded up at any given time with players on them, but they could have at least made the single island bigger so we're not finding up to 4 pieces within view at any given time, couldn't they?! Not only that, but the same glitches I listed for Singleplayer CAN ALSO BE FOUND IN MULTIPLAYER AND EVEN WORSE!!!! Worlds have a chance to load with no pieces of The Device to be found, no enemies, super rare loot, a ridiculous EXCESS OF LOOT, or an EXCESS AMOUNT OF ENEMIES. Pieces of The Device were found with NO ONE TO GUARD THEM all but one time in my multiple online playthroughs with friends. All of this brokenness could be forgiven if the game was in Early Access, or at least still being worked on, but its ""finished"" and the devs have already moved on to their next project.The Verdict/TL;DR:It's a mostly full experience (on singeplayer... multiplayer's a half-finished mess) that I've had many hours of fun in, but it's held back by Game-breaking/Immersion-breaking glitches and bugs which even include save/world corruption, and the developers abandoned it in this half-finished state. Do not support this game or its developers unless they decide to fix and finish this game. Period."
,Recommended,242880,10816247,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,>BadEend<,"When your friends are playing golf, and you couldn't go with them because your arm is pretty lousy. Then sir, this is your game to play."
,Recommended,242880,10184357,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Disasterbenz,didnt think i was going to enjoy this game oh boy i was wrong i love this game!i love the idea of robots instead of zombiesbeen playing this for hours xD love this game
,Not Recommended,242880,32550642,Posted: 18 June,all,fast food chain,"When I bought the game in 2013 for 13.99€, I thought I did something really well. But I let it sleep in my library for a long time after I had played it and stopped after getting shot for the first time. I can´t remember why I was so mad but maybe it was the right reaction to the game´s structure. In 'Sir, You Are Being Hunted' you are to choose between these classes at the beginning: 'The Aristocrat' , 'The Gamekeeper', 'The Inventor',' The Officer', 'The Cook' , 'The Artist' and 'The Old Soak'. All these classes differ in terms of equipment but as far as I know don´t change anything else (I only tried The Officer so don´t believe me here).  After that you are introduced to the game you are going to play if you are willing to. You are told to find meteorites to start a Stonehenge-like machine which is located on the central island and the only way to complete the game at the same time. There are 17 of these stones (which is a weird number to me). You are to find them on 5 islands (central, North, South, East and West). While finding them you are hunted by robots. Everything is embellished with great British Humor. At the same time you have to take care of your Vitality but Health and Visibility too. From time to time you will be realizing that there are different categories of items which might be amusing you. Some are just junk, some are useful and others are something between junk and useful (can´t describe them). At the beginning robots might feel like something rare. But the more meteorites you collect the more robots spawn and the more difficult it gets. What problems does that have? Well…at the beginning running away is quite easy but the stealth genre is felt more and more from time to time. The difficulty is how not to be seen or heard: robots seem to be spawning next to you and can detect you even if they are far away and should not. But their detection area is really unstable and is nothing that you can trust.  The movement is really fine and the options are easy to understand. So is the navigation. The next to talk about are the graphics. They are not good…well that is still a polite way of describing them. I took a screenshot that shows a sunset or sunrise (not sure anymore). This is still the best you can find but not what you´d expect as beautiful for a game of 2013.  One thing I almost forgot, the mutliplayer mode is not working at all. However these reasons still would not make deny a recommendation for that game. To sum it up I actually liked playing it. But 20€ as a price for a game that can be completed within 5 hours?Just: no way!The promised screenshot (Sunset/Sunrise):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=948124540The end:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=948124729"
76561198351631573,Not Recommended,242880,32625733,Posted: 21 June,all,H4X0N,"This game seems very, empty and the survival aspect is VERY boring"
,Recommended,242880,12227678,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Susie Seven Blinks,This game is tense as ♥♥♥♥.I love it.
,Recommended,242880,24090696,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,welfare child,the only kickstarter game on steam that ever got finished
,Recommended,242880,9708471,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,@zappymagician,"A survival game with style, and thrilling athmosphere.Highly recommended!"
76561198188227654,Recommended,242880,23030838,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The Crisco Kid,"One of the best things about this game is its variablilty.No matter which way you go at it, you are bound to be challenged and intrigued. While the inventory at your disposal is somewhat limited, there are many ways to use it. Whether you would rather distract the enemy or simply gun them down, there is a viable method for you!The procedurally generated landscape and buildings ensure surprises around every corner, no matter how many times you create a new file.The suspense and style of this game will never tire, as the fear of encroaching enemy forces permeates all.I would strongly recommend this game to stealth lovers, action gamers, and puzzlers alike. The multiplayer mode is excellent- I just wish more people played it!One problem I had was that my cursor intermittently disappeared, making inventory navigation quite difficult.I found great enjoyment in this game, despite its graphical simplicity. Here is a general summary of my experience.Step 1: Buy ""Sir You are Being Hunted""Step 2: Start new file. How hard can this be?Step 3: Enter world. See the robots. Laugh.Step 4: Run at robots. Kill them all.Step 5: Get shot. Get shot again. Bleed out. Cry.Step 6: Respawn. Look for food.Step 7: Suddenly, Airship. Cry myself to sleep.Step 8: Respawn. See robots. Run in fear. Hide.Step 9: Find cool sh*t. Lots of guns. Overconfidence levels rise.Step 10: Shoot everything. Pull dank trickshots.Step 11: Steal fragments.Step 12: Start fire. Run away.Step 13: Walking in field- get mauled by attack dog. Cry self to sleep.Step 14: Hear abnormal noises. Landowner ensues. Try to kill. Fail. Die.Step 15: Scarecrow. Run. Get caught. Shot.Step 16: Love the Game.Once again,  I strongly recommend this game to all. Be sure to get it- you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,242880,7975887,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Maxdoom,"10/10Very funny and refreshing new idea of a game, highly playable even in the alpha (especially when compared with some other early-access-disasters *coughstarforgecough*) and I can not wait until this game gets more content."
,Recommended,242880,13762612,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,"homeless atm, around less",its a good game.go buy it.
,Not Recommended,242880,13579210,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,RoninX,"As you can see I've only played the game for 55 minutes, then I felt there is actually nearly nothing that keeps me motivated. The first positive impression was the nice ambience the game is set in, but very soon the visual experience turned into repeating dullness. For game-play, my first disappointment about the crude inventory handling made me moaning for the rest of my playing time. Maybe I should have continued with playing respectively to write a more fair (knowing the full game) review, but I wasn't able to bring the therefor required gameness up. I strongly recommend to watch some game play videos, that can be found in the web, before pressing the buy button - maybe you find the game is for you nevertheless."
,Not Recommended,242880,32392899,Posted: 13 June,all,Bee - The Scrabby Gabbit,"Very slow-paced, badly configured controls, boring after 10 minutes"
,Recommended,242880,11198155,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Kaldire,"All in all this game has great ideas but terrible execution. Even on sale for 5$ I feel vastly ripped off,play is random gen, no manual, no guide, even the guides on steam dont really say much.Weapons suck, stealth sucks, items seem pointless, most are, some arent.you get in this mode of having to have almost no inv items to get the stones and run back all the way to a pillar at the startfrom across an island.no way to kill balloons and if you start as default you have more inv room but no map nor weapon, so all you can do is RUN and rob houses?this game is total poopavoid it even on sale unless it drops to 99 cents,I saw a demo vid and it looked great,, but sadly this isnt the caseAVOID THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,242880,11193706,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jury,the idea sounds fun until you actually play it and realize it is incredibly dull and downright tedious
,Not Recommended,242880,10213349,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Minalear,"I felt this game is an extreme disapointment compared to what they're promising.  From what I was lead to believe, it would be ""The Most Dangerous Game"" in game form, where you're a defenseless gent being hunted by blood thirsty robots.  It's not that at all.  The robots don't actually hunt you.  You don't leave tracks for them to follow.  Instead they just move about randomly until they spot you.  You can run away, and they give up the chase way too easy.  Being robots as well, throwing a bottle to make a noise to distract them might work once, but every time? They know you're ahead of them, but a bottle breaking behind them makes them think you're behind them?  Nonsense.  It's not thrilling once when you learn what to do, the gameplay isn't enthralling.  It's just disapointing.  I wanted to be a man, lost in the woods, with ruthless robots on my trail, tracking me down with hounds.  This game isn't it."
,Not Recommended,242880,11193533,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Sabotage,"Honestly, just boring. Run around island looking for smoke that indicates scavenger hunt pieces. Either chuck a bottle to distract or just kill the couple guards at the piece. Collect it. Repat until island is clear. Run back to start, deposit pieces. Repeat with the other islands. The various enemies really aren't that interesting and are easily avoided. If you do get spotted, you can just outrun things until they fall far enough behind. There's no real sense of fear at any point. The classes are pointless because it's so easy to find plenty of items that what you start with hardly matters. The only items that are really useful to have as early as possible are any kind of gun and the map. I did one playthrough, beat it in ~2h with one death 5 mins in while I didn't have a gun yet. I saw no reason to drag myself through another game."
76561198076875045,Not Recommended,242880,7961693,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,COOPer,I just find it so boring. The game is sooo long and tedious. Not sure what the appeal is here.
76561198024151343,Recommended,242880,28152324,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Tai tu kalbėk,Running away like a ｂｉｔｃｈ Simulator
,Not Recommended,242880,30109666,Posted: 22 February,all,email2here,"I wanted to like this game, but ultimately I found it to be a snooze.  Search doors, eat food, elude robots, repeat.  The graphics are 50 shades of gray."
76561198038397767,Recommended,242880,12473390,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,wynnjoanna,"fun game.  be quiet, loot the villages,  x-box controller works great.  ""And might i remind you sir,  YOU ARE being hunted."""
,Recommended,242880,24617234,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Saylex,"I'm doing well, have a pistol and Axe, couple of clocks and rifle with one bullet.I find A piece nearby, Always guarded. decide to trap around. it's near water, it's dark, there's lots of stones to hide behind.Place down two Traps either side of a rock. Set clock for 15 seconds.place down clock, and try move away.I am caught by my own trap.I'm scared, I cannot move and the clock is ticking.I mash the keyboard, any buttons to speed up getting trap off leg?Clock goes off Ringing to high heavens. I hear a dog.I mash my mouse buttons, maybe i click the trap off me?I have clocks still equipped, I drop another clock.I say my prayers. Robotic queen takes mercy on my soul and the trap comes off my leg.I rush away, firing pistols at rocks like a lunatic. Rush past the McGuffin. press F.""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥really, Do I have to do inventory Tetris NOW!?""come back running with the hatchet, yelling ""FOR QUEEN AND COUNTRY"".TO BE CONTINUED:"
,Not Recommended,242880,29572815,Posted: 29 January,all,Seanawannatheiguana,"Is this a good game? Yes. Is this a good game fow $20? HECK NO. I had high hopes for this game, and most of the reviews were positive. I guess my mind just blocked out all the bad reviews. Don't get me wrong, it's a good game, but the lack of a clear story beyond the first, (and only) cutscene and the repetativeness of the game's stealth logic takes away from how fun this is. Especially if they are charging a full $20 for this. Don't get this unless it goes on sale, or if you're lucky enough to have a friend gift it to you.Pros: Graphics are nice.Good robot varietyGood item varietyDifferent classes to start asCons: Sneaking around is fun, for like the first 30 minutes, then it just becomes a chore.Can't enter housesNo other human survivors (that are NPCs. Not multiplayer of course)The fact that almost no one plays multiplayer anymore, and if they do, its a passworded server with 2 playersNo clear storyline except for a few mail letters and the beginning cutsceneAnnoying butlerAll and all, it's not a bad game, but it's not amazing either. And the price doesn't help anything. I don't recommend this game unless it goes on sale."
76561198094638661,Recommended,242880,28023665,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Itsm00,"My first game:Ah, what a nice island.Oh, hello mr. Robot!*Bam*-Restart-Had fun from there."
,Not Recommended,242880,16338546,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,El Patrón,"I was really looking forward to this game. I got it for 2€ at the SummerSale which is a fair price.I still don't recommend to buy this game since it is really boring, you have nothing to do except to hide and search for some shiny stones?The only positive thing is the graphic style, which is lovely and looks nice, the different kinds of robots are funny but the world looks meh and depressing and the performance is bad, I could only play it on medium settings.19,99€ was the original price..that's definitely too high so please don't pay that much."
76561198072363162,Recommended,242880,22696914,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,IntheBocks,Met a fat robot and played a trombone for him.10/10
,Not Recommended,242880,15296548,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Methane Mamba,"Another ""early access"" game abandoned by devs. Shame, its decent fun in its current state, albeit kinda shallow gameplaywise."
,Not Recommended,242880,31715242,Posted: 12 May,all,El Presdente,"I just couldn't get into this one. 30 minutes after starting the game, it felt like I was wandering around, scavenging junk and fetching things, avoiding bot-like enemies. I couldn't find enough novelty in this FPS to keep playing."
76561198139094834,Recommended,242880,12944231,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mr. Tokarian,Great.
76561198066322055,Recommended,242880,33553865,Posted: 15 July,all,Sheriff,"So, of course everyone knows the Karate Kid movies, and their awe inspiring sequels, The Karate Kid, Karate Kid 2, The Karate Kid Part III, and The Next Karate Kid. (Of course, I am not forgetting Karate Kid 2014, starring Jaiden Smith, but it does not feature Pat Morita (Mr. Miyagi), except for when they CGI-ed Jackie Chan's entire body over Pat's. ) What most folks fail to realize, is that there is A SECRET INSTALLMENT TO THE KARATE KID CINEMATIC UNIVERSE (TKKCU). This, obviously, is Karate Dog (2005), Pat Morita reprizes his role of Mr. Miyagui, thus confirming this movie to be in the TKKCU (THE KARATE KID CINEMATIC UNIVERSE). Finally giving us the long sought after ending we ALL needed for these good, sweaty, jumping, Karate boys. Or is it….?Sidebar, on the cover of the Karate Dog box art, what can only be described as a police officer's badge is being held in what I assume to be the main protagonist’s paw. IS THIS DOG A COP? DOES HE DO LEGAL KARATE?? WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS GOING ON IN THIS MOVIE? Wait, JOHN ♥♥♥♥ING VOIGHT is in THIS? WHY?? This movie, Karate Dog, is also directed by Bob Clark (not to be confused with the popular slithery snake man [www.bobclark.com]). The Bob Clark, the director of a Christmas Story, and the remaster of that movie, Black Christmas, oh, and also, The Baby Genius SAGA. John Voight is also in the Baby Genius SAGA (1 & 2), obviously John Voight owes some unknown life debt to Bob Clark! Why is he paying it these works of— in my eyes — art. End Sidebar.Pat Morita is dead, however, he is credited for FOURTEEN FILMS, after his “totally real death”. Now, if you’ve read this far, you’re wondering, what about Ralph Machio, The Mythological Karate Kid? Is he dead? I don’t know. What I do know, is that Pat Morita is a liar (R.I.P Pat Morita 1932—2005??). Now the running theory between me, and the other eleven TKKCU Truthers AKA the Thirteen MoritApostles is that he is working on a secret sixth Karate Kid. However, they could not do this because, JACKIE CHAN FORCED THE KARATE CHILD INDUSTRY INTO CGI-ING HIMSELF OVER PAT MORITA. Meaning, that the Pat Morita, is jealous, and he wants, no, needs, this final episode to the TKKCU, and attempted it with Karate Dog, but to no avail. But this movie is tainted with John Voight’s dirty dirty life debt, and that he hates Karate and Christmas, ruining Black Christmas and Karate Dog (originally titled Karate Doggy).John Voight, Baby Genius? Lets call him what he is: baby Hitler. And his hate for babies, extends to kids, which is why he hates the TKKCU (THE KARATE KID CINEMATIC UNIVERSE). And let his best friend, Jackie Chan, former baby, ruin Karate Kid 2014. And killed Pat Morita, which is why THE KARATE KID CINEMATIC UNIVERSE (TKKCU), will eventually get that sweet good good conclusion juice, that I need to slather on myself. John Voight we’ve got your lie.Oh, and uh, it was an alright game. I was busy though.10/10"
,Not Recommended,242880,16324244,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Nitch,I was really looking forward to this game however it didn't live up to expectations. I found it fairly boring and couldn't get into the art style. I think it's metacritic is around 60 which I think is a fair score. A real shame as I felt it had so much potential.
76561198348921062,Not Recommended,242880,34331189,Posted: 18 August,all,7tblockface,when you launch the game it asks if you want single or multiplayer after clicking ether one the game crashes
76561198062236203,Not Recommended,242880,12383936,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Momo,"Unless you want about 4-5 hours of your life wasted i wouldn't get this game, the game is all about Stealth and Survivalwhich is pretty poor since if you want a chance at surviving you gotta crouch walk the whole thing mostly and the time it takes for you to get to somewhere that would normally take you 1 minute it would take about 3.The Survival aspect of the game isn't bad or anything, you got your rabbit meat and some other stuff and the fragments you need to complete the game, which are mostly guarded by the robots that have the same IQ as a human being.You would of thought robots would be x2 smarter then your average human would learn to not investigate every single sound they hear and you would think that after a while they would stop investigating sounds of the same bottle breaking over and over and over...well you get the point.The game itself just lacks in decent gameplay,doesn't get updated anymore and might aswell change the robots into humans. But the only ""good"" part i can think of the game is there is no good partIm not forcing you to not buy the game but the game is pretty bad for being priced at $20 you could buy a better stealth game with that kind of money1/10"
,Not Recommended,242880,18473071,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,IndigoJinx,"I realize that there's a HUGE score of strange, maladjusted gamers these days, who just LOVE extreemly hard, post doomsday, waste 1,000s of hours gathering B.S. to keep playing, so you can gather stuff for many thousands of hours to come...ONE class starts with weapons, yes one out of like 5+ custom to choose from, then if you do happen to agro some robots early on... you can die when you run out of bullets, even though NONE of the bullets you shot them with hurt them even at all that I could tell. (This is offline it wasn't a cheater or anything online).I saw this game in the Steam store, & though: [Hmmmm nice art style, steampunkish, this game claims to be humerous... MAYBE this game isn't like those other million, boring as watching grass grow, post-______ games, & it's on sale, oh well let's give it a try!]I spent I think $1.90 on this game, & I feel like I got ripped off! Buyer beware, if you actually have reflexes faster then a turtle, & expect your games' guns to aim/fire/etc. quickly, & effectively... then stay FAR away from this steaming pile of brown stuff, BUT if you thouroughly enjoy REALLY bad games, & want to spend more time hunting down easy resources like some mindless drone, then actually playing a game... this may be your cup of Joe! Seriously when I cannot kill one robot by shooting it with 10 rifle, & 6 handgun shots POINT BLANK, then the game is idiotic at best."
76561198047982927,Not Recommended,242880,18466454,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,scottyo,"It just did not meet my expectations. Had a great idea, but I quickly learned that it is not for me. There's no loot to keep you alive and you can't even go in buildings."
,Not Recommended,242880,17617559,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,"Krulin, Internet Tough Guy","I was honestly looking forward to this game. I got it on sale during the steam summer sale. I wasn't over-hyped about it, but I was looking forward to it. I love a good survival game. This isn't it though.It has a good concept though. A survival game with smart ai that are trying to hunt you. The bad part is the environment for me. For starters, you can't go in buildings. That wouldn't be so bad if the actual terrain was interesting. Looting pretty much amounts to running up to the doors of houses and hiting the action button.There's only like 10 items in the game that are actually useful, which is sad. That makes the game feel even shallower than it already does with the lack of interiors. I was bored with the game about an  hour in. There just wasn't a whole lot that made me want to keep playing."
76561198046455744,Recommended,242880,13385709,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Wonder Llama,I died within a minute the first time I played..... And the second.... And the third.... But not the fourth..... But the fifth I did again...... 10/10
,Not Recommended,242880,34428266,Posted: 22 August,all,Jimbo The Bimbo,my only regret
,Not Recommended,242880,16845345,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,R31,"Ok I get what they wanted to do, where they wanted to get but sadly, for me, there is so much lacking in terms of how things play out. The game feels a mile from finished and like a great lot of ambition got thrown against the hard wall of reality.I really liked the Idea but the game just does not deliver."
76561198031396215,Not Recommended,242880,16848221,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,"All hook, no soul. Like a robot pirate.And can I say, ""What's with the control pad button assignment!?"" It's like effort was taken to ensure that all buttons when using a controller were purposely different than what they intuitively are with any other first-person game."
,Recommended,242880,21201305,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Skeltal Steve,"A British man goes on a drug trip and starts firing shots off in random directions, all the while pretending there are robots trying to kill him."
,Recommended,242880,34014279,Posted: 4 August,all,Brocolli Cheese Bake,"I enjoy this game quite a lot, and I really wish I had played more of it, but I personally find it very hard to just pick back up, but when I do, I really enjoy it.>One of the only downsides I can think of fro this is that it feels very raw and slightly unpolished in a couple of places, well for some, but I'm not sure on it.>Besides that this game is pretty damn cool, it's very unique, it's just difficult enough to make it rewarding, it's packed with style, and it's also very immersive, especially with headphones on.>The lack of lore or backstory, in my opinion is irrealevant to how enjoyable this game is, it says to you, ""here's you're objective, go collect all of these things in this huge map, oh and don't get killed by the robots who are actively trying to find and kill you"". Fine by me.>If you ever feel like you want a stealth experience where you get hunted by whole load of robots in an old timey way, this is game for you.EDIT: sidenote, one small negative, probably not worth the price that it is, I would recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,242880,12798342,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,TRASH WIZARD,"Seriously an amazing game. worth every penny. its quirky, nervracking at times, beautifully done, and lots of british fun."
,Recommended,242880,12718868,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,AshleyTrash,This game has put me on edge more than most games I have played. It is constantly throwing suprises at you and is never predictable. It really makes you feel desperate and is one of the best survival games I've played.
76561198105205197,Not Recommended,242880,11000565,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Captain Facepalm,"The game details say ""Full Controller Support"". This game has anything but. Using a controller the controls are at best awkward, and at worst make the game unplayable. The only controller option is ""Enable controller"", and if you want to tweak the controls they're all listed as keyboard keys. (So if you want to change the controller settings you're in for a lot of headaches and guesswork.)Now I know some PC gaming purist is going to say, ""Why don't you use a keyboard? It's the superior input method."" Keyboard gaming is horribly uncomfortable and I can play for about fifteen minutes before my arm feels like its about to snap off.The game looks like a lot of fun. I honestly wouldn't know whether or not it is because Ive been fumbling around with the controls for the past hour. This is not worth the headache."
,Not Recommended,242880,18480190,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,k3ychains,"If you're buying this for the multiplayer, don't. The game itself is alright for what it is, but the multiplayer is unplayably buggy."
,Not Recommended,242880,18389016,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Birdd,"The game is fun for a small amount of time, thhe multiplayer is worth playing once, that's about it though.The game needs more, it feels empty and the mechanics seem to not really work yet."
76561198111401720,Not Recommended,242880,11185657,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Sakij7,"I would like to preface this by saying that I had been looking forward to playing this game for a long time before I had purchased it. Gameplay looked smooth in the trailer, but I could not get it to run smoothly even on the lowest graphical settings, which were very poor. The game is very poorly optimized, and is a long way from being playable. The only voice in the game is very badly recorded, and gave me a headache. This game has the makings to be fun, but it still needs a ton of work."
76561198058131260,Recommended,242880,13869620,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,physicsLaughs,"Saw scarecrow, walked up to it. Its eyes glowed red and it made creepy noises, I ran away. It was still making creepy noises. Turned around it was behind me, following me whenever I turned around and wasn't lookingg at it, like that episode of Doctor Who with the weeping angels. Panicked and ran into 4 robots and dog. Died.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥off demon scarecrow again."
,Not Recommended,242880,13853497,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Ancient Ice,"just. boring. What has this done that hasn't been done before? I expected a mutliplayer component. And on the blog for this game the very last post says it will be done for early 2015,But i doubt it. they literally have said nothing about it since SEPTEMBER of last year."
,Not Recommended,242880,18485216,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,see you next friday,Needs more things. Before it gets more things I can't really recommend it.
,Recommended,242880,29887522,Posted: 12 February,all,{TNCH}Spookycheesehead™,Quite a posh experience.
76561198079971924,Not Recommended,242880,16589213,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,POOONANA,This game is very boring and slow paced. There is no replayability and some of the ai is too over powerd.
76561198009352037,Recommended,242880,26079604,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,kindslut,Spent 2 hours getting drunk and high off mushrooms and playing hide and seek.10/10
,Not Recommended,242880,11806474,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,rab1d,Absolutely♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,242880,11348076,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,The Bell,"Basically other negative reviews sum up my feelings, I feel no reason to go back and play more of it, I only found maybe one McGuffun but I've probably exhausted 90% of the actual content of the game. Price is insultingly high for what it is."
,Recommended,242880,11188134,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Salt,British Robots.10/10
76561198080061749,Recommended,242880,8976236,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,MrCaptainmcgee,"a bloody brilliant game, if one says so themselves, one should invest in this wonderful fine english game."
76561198047275588,Recommended,242880,11467935,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,Day 1 : got a dead mouseDay 2 : found a mushroom ate it and had hallucinationsDay 3 : found by searchlight and died11/10
76561198067927333,Not Recommended,242880,17697601,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,dpauls15243,gets repetative quickly
76561198068140932,Recommended,242880,8785057,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Leven,totally amazing game! you have not played stelth untill you have played this game.
76561198066068285,Recommended,242880,11119407,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Yossarian,Jolly good!
76561198110377163,Recommended,242880,21192567,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,BERNARD SANDALS,Got shot by an automaton.11/10
76561198033477891,Recommended,242880,9206763,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Applejuice in the Kitchen,This game is full of suspense and nothing other than fun. I would play this forever if I could.
76561198042956737,Not Recommended,242880,13289843,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,atramentousFirmament,"I love the core concept behind this game.  The victorian era robots, the abandoned country side, the stealth and survival mechanics, the procedurally generated environments; those all sound wonderful.  Hell, my first couple of hours were very enjoyable.  The environments feel organic, the enemies are scary (at first), and exploring the first couple of islands is an enjoyable experience.  Unfortunately, it is very repetative, and any potential for deep gameplay disperses as soon as one realizes how easy it is to abuse very simple mechanics.  The stealth is uninspired, and the survival mechanics are ruined by an over-abundance of food.  It's odd for a game with procedurally generated terrain and item drops to have so little replay value.A huge dissapointment."
,Recommended,242880,24701637,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,bEaN thE MeAn,"Awesome with friends, but probably not worth it otherwise. sp00ky as hell bro"
76561198207065260,Recommended,242880,23320509,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,TookieNWORD,"this is one of the most fun game experiences i have ever had since shodow of the colosuss, truly enjoyable"
,Recommended,242880,14014571,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sir Jesus H. Christ The Sex God,"Is of the British. No Ameriscummeths in of the sights, SO SEXY ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡ °) Roboscums gonan hunteth of the JESUS? Sexy, sexy Jesus gonan molesteth of them, showeth of Roboscummeths precisethly of the why he had big cult and rulethed of the worldies ( ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,242880,7473485,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Lum,JESUS CHRIST TENTACLE MONSTER DEMON BABIES ARE SCARYbut yeah this game is awesome.
76561198081308399,Recommended,242880,9957872,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,FlingusScramble,BUT IT NOW!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,242880,18506747,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,CHEEKI BREEKI,"Multiplayer is a mess, only reason I bought this game."
,Recommended,242880,10001465,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Commander Warcraft,"I dropped a trap on the floor and got stuck in it, after placing two 10-second timer'd alarm clocks.10/10 Would become very confused again."
,Recommended,242880,12429803,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Zakki Arachnopolis,"In this particular gem, you play as an Englishman who's been transported to a quintet of dreary islands by a machine. Robots of every social class roam the isles and are busy hunting you as their own little fox so they can kill you. In order to survive, you have to hunt wild game, rummage through the various (thoroughly de-human-fied and therefore abandoned) buildings, and track down pieces of the machine that sent you to the robot-ruled hell. Lower class, upper class, it doesn't matter which they're from, each and every breed of robot has its own unique method of coursing you. This is not a game where you blast through hordes of enemies and stand tall with a crass cigar between your teeth. You have to take careful stock of each and every potential encounter and perform a cost-benefit analysis, as even two or three robots can annihilate you with a single volley of their shotguns and rifles. Combine this with a limited inventory space, and you have a pleasant challenge. The islands are also randomly generated, which makes each playthrough unique. You can modify the generator to a wonderful degree, producing a ton of island variations. If you want to be both scared and amused, I would suggest getting this game right away."
76561198067822081,Recommended,242880,12387504,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Insane_Bolt,"Stealth and survival - definitely. I enjoy the tension provided by sneaking around the hunters, sometimes within touching distance, and the decision making. This often involves deciding whether I should seek necessary vittles or go for that tantalisingly close fragment. After all, it is guarded by only 2 robots...Guns are available, but this isn't an FPS. There isn't enough ammo to start with, and gunfire brings in nearby hunters. Numerous robots of varying scariness and abilities are on the hunt for you and at times it's like being on Argyle Street on Xmas Eve due to the number of determined bodies in your field of view.This is a straightforward game that provides suspense, thrills and chases. The light humour is welcome too. All entertaining and that's what I was wanting when I bought this as an Alpha. A finished product worth the money and not buggy? Yes, and multiplayer is being added next year."
76561198046816686,Not Recommended,242880,15394441,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Blue Candle,Got it before full release. Thought more was going to be added but still feels like this game is missing things to become a full game for the price. All that was really added that I can remember was diffrent locations that dont really add anything and 3 new enemys. Not worth it
76561198080372425,Recommended,242880,23481220,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Snow Miser,Sir it seems that you are being hunted. My my it seems these hunters are up for a golly old sport. Time for you to run.                                             Good luck you'll need it.                                                                                                                                                                                  /Sincerly someone who dosn't care.
,Recommended,242880,16376611,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BOT Greg,"One of the most original games I have seen in years. Has a very fun, distinctive, style. Well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,242880,22596508,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Green Coyote,"With an original concept and style, and nail-bitingly tense gameplay, Sir/Madam, You Are Being Hunted is an excellent stealth-survival game, and one that's worth playing just to experience it."
,Not Recommended,242880,11479816,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,j3g,"I do admire the concept of this game and the fact that it is set in old England with typical English landscapes and features. but what let me down is how I feel like I should only be escaping the robotoc enemies and how I end up not focusing on the objective (collecting the glowing stones). The trickery and  stealth in Sir, You Are Being Hunted is quite unique and runs smoothly, though I was dissapointed by the shooting mechanics.  you always get a sufficient amount when looting, and you can find some uselfull things to use. In conclusion, I felt dissapointed after playing this game, but could potentially be more enjoyable if a few of the points I suggested were improved, though for now I did not enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,242880,32578326,Posted: 19 June,all,PhoenixFlyer50,STAY AWAY
76561198089791459,Recommended,242880,13962222,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ziremonger,"At first i did not like this game, but quickly i grew to love it. Initially the bad graphics and the 'fetch all the peices across the map' game mechanic turned me off. But after playing for a few hours i became incredibly absorbed. At the beginning and most likely for the first few hours you play this game as you learn the mechanics , the dastardly british robots seem pathetic , they move around in small groups of 2-3  and can be dispatched with ease from a few blows with an axe. DO NOT LET THIS FOOL YOU as you collect more of the fragments needed to complete the game the amount of robots hunting you increases exponentially. Near the end of the game by god do you feel hunted as you crouch in a thick field of wheat and pray that you will not be found as the sounds of countless robots walking mere metres from you chills your blood , you know that if they had thought to bring there matallic hunting dogs with them or if they had run into you 5 minutes back when you were traversing an open field then you would not be alive to pray this prayer. As the amount of robots hunting you increases so to do does the variety. Each one is vastly different and you must relearn many of the lessons you have learnt before. Being able to increase the amount of robots and the times when they appear is a very fun feature as you can vastly increase an already difficult game. I bought sir you are being hunted 80 percent off in a sale i have had it for two days and have already put 14 hours into it (the time it says i have played is alot less than the actual time do to most of my playtime being offline) . I predict that i will invest much more time into it , especially seeing as they plan to add multiplayer in the future. I suggest that you dont buy this game full price but wait for a sale."
76561198094414651,Not Recommended,242880,13955342,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ExplicitKeyboard,95% Food5% Weapons♥♥♥♥ this.
76561198030384427,Recommended,242880,9206352,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Totally Not Alpharius,Simple to learn and tons of victorian robotic fun.
76561198046401253,Not Recommended,242880,18880189,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Max,"I was very excited to be able to play this game when I first saw it. It seems witty and fun, and though it is unfinished, I liked the concept immensely. However upon playing for one session, I quickly realized the world is unvaried and the overall gameplay is boring as hell. While it seems atmospheric when you first drop in, you will notice the world is drab and posesses absolutely no charm. After one completed game, I felt absolutely no desire to ever play again."
76561198080284156,Recommended,242880,26066904,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,JoeRose8,better than most survival games
,Recommended,242880,24665027,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,im an wizard,Good combat mechanics and interesting atmosphere. The graphics only bothered me at first.
,Not Recommended,242880,25015931,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,MCslappypappy,Ok first off the concept of the game is really cool. And the games way of genarating a map is also really cool. BUT it really isnt worth the money for it. It lags it crashes it does have multiplayer but thats even worse with the framerate and game engine than it is on singleplayer. Its an ok game and it takes up almost no space on your hardrive. This was one of my first games i ever bought on steam ... Funny thing is it actually worked better when i bought it. Now its gone to hell i have all the PC requirments for this game but it still doesnt work ... LITTARLY DONT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU REALLY WANT TO AND YOU WILL GET GOOD USE OUT OF IT
76561198070918290,Recommended,242880,10010507,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,MrHatandClogs,if you like dayz you will like this game pretty close just british robots XD
,Recommended,242880,7648786,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,BO512,"Love this game, not really an FPS though so if that is the only game type you like don't get"
,Recommended,242880,7677141,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Jammin Hyaku,"may lack in graphics, but for a brand new game, its amazing. not ment to be played for story as it could take hours apon hours to beat, but this is one amazing stratagy combat FPS, highly reccomend. although it seems to not have as much combat and gun fights as i had thought, i still like it alot, good to play and explore this open world.7.5/10"
,Recommended,242880,7711494,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Infern,Ever wanted to be hunted by Robots that act like farmers from england in the country-side? Ever wanted to steal from houses and eat food that affect your stamina? Want to be on edge at all times... This is the game for you... (If you're steaming this remember... Try not to die as much and be alert)
76561198034007021,Recommended,242880,7862513,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,†Ṿ† | Jeroen de Tandloze,AWESOME GAME!!!
,Recommended,242880,7987447,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Noha,Fun to play but very difficult to get used to but thats because it needs more play testing but yes i would recommend this game!
,Recommended,242880,7987454,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Captain Cancer,This Game is Scary Plus Funny I suggest you get it.
76561198050542360,Recommended,242880,7987657,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,JTW-17,"Its a combination of slender, dont starve, and day z. Your objective is to go get 25 stones for some portal, while not being killed by the hunters pursuing you. You must also watch your vitality (hunger), so you dont starve. Its very scary and suspensful. Right now, its fun but a little bland, but keep in mind this isnt finished yet. so far, if give the game a 85/100 ~JTW"
76561198064086207,Recommended,242880,8008291,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Comrade Jeb,A rather excellent game
,Recommended,242880,10845875,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,L O N G B O Y B A B Y,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is creates a fantasticly baren and terrifying world with spades of personality.The game is tense and frightening yet still manages to pull off quick witted humor.While the games mechanics are currently basic at best it is still currently a lot of fun to play and shows sure promise for the furure!"
,Recommended,242880,11197155,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,seasoss,"Fun survival game. If you are looking for an early access game, I reccomend getting this one!"
76561198000878029,Recommended,242880,10712275,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,samwise050,"Great game, wish it had online capabilities though."
,Not Recommended,242880,13975677,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Not A Threat,"I have mixed feelings about this game. On one hand the idea and style are both pretty cool, but gameplay is lacking. After I found the fourth stone out of like 14, the game got really difficult and not really about stealth. Each stone is gaurded by two robots which you cant really stealth your way around leading to conflict which is almost certain death. Even if you kill those two you have to worry about like 8 more of them in the surrounding area. I found the only real effective way of beating the game has been to run around like a lunatic openly engaging robots with the axe and dispatching them one by one, which is fun to be sure, but not really all that stealthy. With a whopping 4 weapons the game just feels incomplete."
76561198076135607,Recommended,242880,12981041,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SANIK TE HEGEHOG,"The game idea is pretty good but i think some improvements should be made. Such as maybe making co-op? i mean a lone ranger vs 5-6 robots with few ammo in your inventory is pretty much death for you. So maybe having your assistant with you might make a huge difference. Also, if you took the hint, there is rarely any ammo to be found throughout the map at best, 1 in 4 houses has like a clip of revolver ammo. Food is abundant though. i do think this game has potential and i if there is future awesome updates.I would be up for it.  7/10"
76561198119760932,Recommended,242880,24787014,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,J-Mitchy,Procedurally generated a pond.A boat spawned in the pond.Could somehow sail to the North Island.10/10 would flying boat again.
,Recommended,242880,9998071,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,SpaceCoder,"if you like being hunted and having to stay alive this is a great game for it!!! i not sure what makes it so much fun exactly but maybe its the intense suspension of are you being watched, should i fight off the robots or avoid them, are there robots in this town and if how many, and of course you have a commentator that its really awesome and is also helpful! another fun thing is getting to choose what starting kit you have so you are not forced to start with nothing but instead with what play style you want. if you are a fan of games like DayZ or stealth games this is a great game for you and i would recommend getting it, and dont worry you action FPS fans you can go guns blazing if you want to but i would recommend against it for it will burn through your ammo leaving you questioning how much longer you can survive!Overall i would give this game a 9/10 because even though it is now a full game it is lacking features that i would like to see added like multiplayer (but dont worry devs said it is to come) its still a great game and would highly recommend getting it!!!"
76561197967070224,Recommended,242880,10003105,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Darkstar,A great roguelike shooter/ stealth horror game. The game feels like living a nightmare in which you can develope the skills necessary to send your dream-tormentors back to the robot tea party they came from. Thrilling from start to finish.
76561198072892231,Recommended,242880,11279683,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Brobarticus,Awsomei fucjing love it
,Recommended,242880,13819334,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,THE POSTAL DUDE,"This is, in my opinion, one of the best indie games to ever exist. It is not only creative, but also fun and interesting. I owned this game before it was on steam. since v. .7, and it is still fun to play. With the world creator, I try to challenge myself to make difficult landscapes. I hope they add multiplayer soon."
76561198068416427,Recommended,242880,18478723,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Smurk Merc,"Really good game, just wish that there was a cooperative game mode as well."
,Recommended,242880,18091872,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,degolfer222,"You have 2 choices: Be devious, sneaky, and never get caught by using gadgets to distract the bots. This is the smart option you should do if you want to finish the game.Be ruthless. Murder every robot you see. A lot of fun, even though you WILL die a lot. This game makes most fights fair, but sometimes they become one sided. Never in your favor however. There will either be no advantage, or the robots have it.I suggest you get this game. Its amazing. Good for both stealth lovers, and for those who like a good fight."
,Recommended,242880,13728818,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Excedium,A really great early release game that has constant updates and an amazing developer.
76561198100383268,Recommended,242880,13745164,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,X to the D,"If you like a good survival game, get this! Very fun!"
,Not Recommended,242880,13268700,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,supernewt51,"Personally i did not like this game, the controls and clunky and the fidelity is extreemly lacking. I also feel that the UI and feedback didnt give the player a good knowledge of what was going on. Sadly all of this means i cant and wont recommend it."
,Recommended,242880,7983254,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Bergsthor,"if you have ever played stealth on any game, this game is the hardest stealth, and it will be even more fun when multiplayer/coop comes out"
,Recommended,242880,8904522,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,SHAME,"Even when the game is still in development, I'm still amazed at how much they actually got done. Very fun indeed, stealth made my heart race. If you like the whole sort of survival-sneak-fps type of thing, I highly reccomend this. Only issue is some FPS issues, and a slight lack of updates. Other than that, 8/10, good game."
,Recommended,242880,14967018,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Commissar Hamster,10/10 would speak with british accent again
,Recommended,242880,10011197,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,kew,This game is one of the best survival games
76561198074536661,Recommended,242880,10681726,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Posh Snob,You like stealth and survival?this is the game for you!and besides I am not being hunted I AM The Hunter
76561198027808420,Recommended,242880,7970342,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,LeClercMan,"The game is fantasic, but with few flaws. The game's NPC robots are very difficult to hide from. when your clear of them they seem to know EXACTLY where you are, aswell as the hatchet not registering hits at times and some items such as throwing items used for distractions leading the robots to your position instead of where you threw it. Besides the games minor issues the game is only in Alpha and i'm enjoying it greatly. The suspense when your hiding in a bush and theres multiple robots all around you, it's suspenseful and just great! I would like to see the game grow and grow to see what great and funny features have to come."
,Recommended,242880,8546544,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,grammer nazi,its good
76561198033436493,Recommended,242880,8622540,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,jon,"A great game, definitely worth buying."
76561198038653733,Recommended,242880,8862948,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Bananaman of Azkaban,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted, while still in early access is a fantastic survival, horror?, and hopefully soon-to-be somewhat co-op experience. Rarely does a game have you develop a cold sweat and a strange facination with crows during gameplay. Luckily, this British beast of a game does just that, AND provides just enough humor to keep your spirits up before hunting you down like a dog."
76561198064304179,Recommended,242880,12271148,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ser Bacon the Tasty,This game is really fun so far
76561198141640562,Recommended,242880,11366351,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,todeadly,"please please put mulitiplayer on sir, you are being hunted me and my friend play this game. this will be a awsome game to play if their was muiltiplayer. can u add survivers aei to like trade and every thing and you can have commands like follow me, shoot him go their please i love this game soooooo much biggest fan (make a t-shirt with a robot looking and you with a surviver in the back ground crouch waking into the woods"
76561198065705830,Recommended,242880,11196215,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Clint Eastwood,Great game. Hope to see where it goes.
,Recommended,242880,8382606,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,sweggin_leeebrok,Stealth much?
76561198062554016,Recommended,242880,8222751,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,CroesoG,yus
76561197970827381,Recommended,242880,7454907,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,ChunkyMonkey,"Wow, despite only being in the Alpha stage this game is already very fun. Runs well on relatively average rig on high settings. Very interesting and original survival style gameplay. Actually useful placement of environments and objects. Looks like it will only get better as Alpha goes forward."
,Recommended,242880,10693676,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Akira Kurusu,"Had a picnic on a grassy hill, had tea, biscuits, pie. Played with a train set. Was savaged by mechanical dogs and had my head blown off by tweed wearing automatons.10/10 Would picnic again"
76561198074609069,Recommended,242880,18543009,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bananarevo,"Hid behind a building after a robot caught me looting a house.Robot was like ""I will find you, that's what I do, that's all I do, there you are!""Dead, Amen"
,Recommended,242880,24024005,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,123,Good game
,Recommended,242880,23091107,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Epix Vortex,I've been playing this game since it first came out. and I like the changes that have come along since it first came out. a good  stealth/ survival game with options to change the the game enviroments and  number and type of robots hunting you. there is humor abound and action afoot. only let down has been the multiplayer mode that I have yet to be able to play. however this game is alot of fun on your own. 8/10
,Not Recommended,242880,22376730,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,f1f1s,"Despite being several hours of immense fun, this game seems to have started as a joke and have made bold to be large and detailed, but as of now, it still does not seem intricate and deep enough to cost 20 €. Games that do not take themselves very seriously can be pretty well directed, but this one... suffered from indie complacency. There is still much hard work to do to make this little gem well-polished and fine-faceted."
76561198141107604,Recommended,242880,24904421,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,History Nerd,"Sir, You Are Being Huntes is a fun game, but other than the setting and style the game is it is nothing outstanding or special. It can be boring in singleplayer and I recommend you have a friend to play it with. The randomly generated maps keep everything new and fresh for multiplayer and the games always have different situations, you could be king of the world with a rifle or be running in fear as dogs and robots case you whilst you have no wepon. Overall the setting and gameplay is fun, but not much here is new. Procede with caution."
,Recommended,242880,16470579,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,borderline,"Playing ""Sir, You Are Being Hunted!"" has been one of the most engrossing and endearing experiences I've had for a while. It makes you feel powerless, but hopeful. It's a game where an empty bottle is more useful than a revolver, where running is usually the best option.You have to weigh up risk and reward, since you can only save at key locations. It's nailbiting when you're driven to sneak through an occupied village because you're desparate for something to eat, hoping you don't get caught. Although, when you do get caught, it's a rush. You're faster than the standard, common hunters, so you'll be able to shake them if you put enough forest between the two of you.Overall, I had a lot of fun with ""Sir, You Are Being Hunted"", a really fun experience, and a great sense of achievement when I made it out of the hunt alive. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for something different."
76561198197687293,Recommended,242880,18374431,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ikhor Knight,10/10 would drink tea againOnly game where the point is not to kill. WHY DO WE HAVE GUNS ANYWAY???
,Recommended,242880,9990710,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,The Root Of All Evil,The game that Thie5 wishes it could be.
,Not Recommended,242880,21212500,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Slop Llama,"Starting a dedicated server was easy, port forwarded and joined. Rubberbanding issues are terrible. I can't even play in my own server. Trust me, it isn't my internet or PC. In order for your server to run ""lag free"" you have to keep it as the primary application running on the PC. Why? Why can't it run in the background? went to refund and it brings me up to a blank suport screen for this game. Waste of money."
,Recommended,242880,16852103,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Tank,"How it feels to be severely schizophrenic in a 1930's, rural England."
,Recommended,242880,23233364,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,The_SolidFlame,"This game is amazing, however, a little overpriced. If you get it on sale it's more than worth it and i LOVE this game. Not many games scare you sh*tless while your laughing you a** off at the fact you finally killed one bot. Fun game!"
76561198147518579,Recommended,242880,25487802,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Venezuelan Banana,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a very fun first-person game, in which you play as a scientist stranded on a chain of islands. The islands are inhibited by a communtity of dangerous, well-armed, and well-dressed humanoid robots, who patrol their lands and will fire on anything outside of their ranks. This game is very fun simply for it's exploration (if you don't want to do the story), and also has very interesting, but also beautiful graphics, that is in a steam-punkish fashion. This game is usually pretty lighthearted, but it can also be legitamitely scary when you are indeed being hunted."
,Recommended,242880,32385676,Posted: 13 June,all,lag :(,idk why but runs like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and dog♥♥♥♥♥♥doesnt have legs so...
,Not Recommended,242880,13581181,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Pyrojackson,The title is the best part of this game.
,Recommended,242880,20266868,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,kuvasz,"Scary, funny, grim, and enigmatic all at the same time. I'm playing without enemy markers or having read reviews/guides and it's an impactful experience. I love the art style and the British setting and the randomness to give each game load variety."
,Not Recommended,242880,14840968,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Bad and Boujee,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242880,8032134,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Terdwillow,"The quirky theme is interesting, but the game is clunky and unrefined.  At least for now.  Put a few hours into it and quickly became bored.  I'm moving on to big, better survival games.  Sorry."
76561198142714770,Recommended,242880,20711518,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Samwise Gumtree,".Stranded on an island.Gets chased by robots.Puts stuff that is not necessarily useful in your inventory because it looks ""cool"".Tries to fight robots.Dies.Realises I forgot to make a save when I had all my good stuff.Still recommends the game though so it's fine."
76561198042131238,Recommended,242880,9975556,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Bisquiteen Trisket,It reminds me of the hunt.11 out of 10
76561198114051441,Recommended,242880,13958161,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TrickyT,gameplay video here! -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXk_TWlTE5k&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,242880,10231796,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,McQ,"So there I was, somewhere on a random island. Looked like Britain, though, I couldn't be sure. I had only my shotgun, a trombone, and a couple bags of chocolate biscuts. I was running low on tea. I needed to get to that house... but they were right there.... But luckily, I had set a trap earlier. I played my trombone as loud as I could, making insane sounds that blasted through the night. SNAP! It had been caught. With a single shot, I took the hunter down. He had some ammo on him, but nothing more other than his broken gun. I had proceeded to the house... quietly... carefully, like some sort of RPG thief whose stats were high in stealth... but not enough... WHAM! Right then, one of their damned blood hounds had pounced on me, I fought for my life, hoping it wouldn't bite my face off. I had shot down the hound, but then, it was already over; another one had caught me behind my back and blasted me through my chest. As blood leaked out, slowly and painfully, I tried to wrap up the wound with some rags, but from another shot from his gun, I was already dead. Damn robots. Good game for a price of $20."
76561198128551463,Recommended,242880,19241734,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Persian Prince,I dont like stealth games at all but this one............ I can make an exeption :)
,Recommended,242880,20884789,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,3 consecutive english letters,You get to whip alarm clocks at robot dogs11/8 gr8 m8
76561198055106424,Not Recommended,242880,14631928,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Deep_Mid_Wicket,"Meh, its not bad but is really boring."
,Recommended,242880,29753995,Posted: 6 February,all,Absolute Madman✨,A good play. Indeed.
,Recommended,242880,29013726,Posted: 4 January,all,Ludd Lowend,"Not a very complex game but rather fun, recommend this if you enjoy the premise. It's simply five islands, and you have to collect all the pieces, you do this while you are being hunted. simple as."
,Recommended,242880,14656146,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Neon Joe,"If you like british stereotypes,buy this game now."
76561198024814923,Recommended,242880,15658959,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Thrapy,you can drink tea 10/10
,Recommended,242880,16326771,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Vเts1,very good
,Recommended,242880,15586852,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Joey The Saint,"Alien: Isolation meets Monty Python, maybe.  It's difficult to summarize this darkly humourous game in a way that conveys how much fun it is, particularly if you're of the stealth-gamer persuasion, so I won't try.  It is at once frustrating, scream-inducing, laugh-out-loud funny and charmingly stylish in much the same way I was impressed with the Half-Life 2 environments when I first encountered them.  There are times when it is really enjoyable to take a breather and drink in the atmosphere on this one.  The game seems well balanced in that the threat level is ramped up both based on time and the progress you make toward the objective, but I can't rightly say as I have yet to beat it even on the easiest level.  All the same, I keep going back to it, so it scratches my ""fun"" itch."
,Recommended,242880,10078835,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Trudgemank,"Nerve-wracking, witty, and hard as hell with a lot of replayability.  Can't wait to see this game reach it's full potential"
76561198035554705,Recommended,242880,10064137,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Death By Giraffes,Love this Game. Makes you feel like batman.
76561198045627610,Recommended,242880,10067975,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Allenthegenerous,addicting
76561198055969520,Recommended,242880,10083213,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Toxic,"This is one of the best, indie games i have ever seen. it has a fu***** nice atmosphere and makes A LOT of fun! :)"
,Recommended,242880,16474422,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,HolyHorse,very good game !
,Not Recommended,242880,15272272,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,skoulker,"I recommend this game for people who are okay with playing singleplayer games. This game would be great with co-op, yet I have not seen it."
,Recommended,242880,16176835,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,30phil1,You will scream like a little girl and make comments about British society
,Recommended,242880,10000822,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"Decent game, haven't gotten too far into yet.  If you're a fan of survival then go for it."
,Recommended,242880,32214094,Posted: 5 June,all,Bumpkin,Fun stealthy game to play when  you're bored.
,Recommended,242880,26974369,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tom Cruise,Jolly good sport.
76561198050270087,Recommended,242880,9102921,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,chubbyooo,A extremly fun intense game
76561198014792611,Recommended,242880,16358035,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FB2G,Very fun survival game
,Not Recommended,242880,14732015,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,the real nibba,"this game's dead. Don't buy it, especially for $20. Jesus thats a ripoff.Was a good beginning but the devs must have lost steam.If you can get it on sale for like $5 then you might get a few minutes of enjoyment."
76561198027692026,Recommended,242880,20446313,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jamez,"Take the narrator from The Cave, the survival elements from Don't Starve and the concept of Slender: The Eight Pages and you've got yourself Sir, You Are Being Hunted - a game with marvellous lore entangled in black humour. The slogan 'Stealth survival with tea and biscuits' perfectly catches the absurdity of the concept. Couldn't ask for more, really!"
,Recommended,242880,7536310,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,(NFH) Chojin,great little sneak'em up with some great robot humur
76561197977069906,Recommended,242880,15755515,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,"It's a bit sucky how you can't enter buildings but the stealth is done well enough.  Only being able to save at boats gives it real tension because you can't just reload and try again.  Won't last long til you beat it but it's good for a while, get it on sale."
76561198079383870,Recommended,242880,18415392,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,VTX VorTeX,"I loved this game before multiplayer, and now that multiplayer has been introduced, I love it even more!"
76561198113768021,Recommended,242880,18436438,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,The *actually* autistic Tao main,I won the multiplayer game in 2 min because everyone else was ♥♥♥♥ing off10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥off whole server again
,Recommended,242880,18434987,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Eujo,fun game now with multiplayerbritain/10
76561198041639985,Recommended,242880,13512659,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Four Courses Of the Pastalypse,"Now starting this is hard for me, i am a girly girly run off my trousers kidn of man, so this is my kidn of game. You will find quickly that your♥♥♥♥♥is grass and there is alot of electric weed trimmers around these parts. So dash grab and hatchet your way through this fun hide and run like hell game."
76561198069541912,Recommended,242880,25353437,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Anton The Outlaw,best uk simulator and survival i guess 11 out of 9 idk
,Recommended,242880,18524129,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sherman,Get drunk and throw bottles. Now with friends!
76561198042536554,Recommended,242880,18515523,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,die,"A little short, but still a game worth getting! ;)"
,Recommended,242880,7963352,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Nosty,"out of the short time ive played it has to be the game i wish i had years ago, its a very great game, runs good and its not even full optimized yet, ive gotta say this is a very fun hard game"
,Recommended,242880,13681681,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,i have a bag on my head,landowners are scurey D:8/8 would play again m8
,Not Recommended,242880,24718163,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,charlesberg,great concept. OK execution.stealth game with lacking stealth attributes.
76561198148372501,Recommended,242880,30148625,Posted: 24 February,all,noonesmith,This game is fun I am horrid at stealth games but this is a good chalange for those who don't mind a bit of tea crumpets and robotic man slaughter
,Recommended,242880,30181096,Posted: 25 February,all,Zombie.Owl.777,"Interesting atmosphere to this game, feels unique and plays well."
,Recommended,242880,13952802,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Chris P.  Bacon,I like chopping of robots head's off
76561198042468225,Recommended,242880,30141475,Posted: 24 February,all,Installerruss,"Fun game, needs proc gen map."
76561198039004046,Recommended,242880,28276437,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,PickledSpookage,"Charming and creepy! Multiplayer could do with a bit of touching-up though, otherwise, I fully recommend this game!"
,Recommended,242880,20980463,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cornelius!!!!!,"Britain-inspired stealth-action horror-comedy. Not words I would use often.Unfortunately loses some of its horror elements as you get better, because part of the horror is not knowing what an enemy does.Blast robots whilst having some tea and biscuits."
,Not Recommended,242880,13939830,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,mattjpwns,"There's really not a lot to do, and the game becomes tedious very quickly. The game essentially boils down to one long fetch quest for component parts to fix a portal to return home - but there's no ongoing story discovery, the variation in items you can find is thin at best, there's no real ""survival"" aspects and the stealth/combat parts are uninspiring.This really needed more time in the oven - it feels like a late alpha that never really got fleshed out properly."
76561198202989217,Recommended,242880,25510571,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Notorious_T_O_M,If being hunted by Terminators extended family floats your boat then this game is for you
76561198119632861,Recommended,242880,25372734,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Estin,"This game is fun as hell to play, i just finished it, and wow i had a blast. The beginning is scary which i like, then it gets less scary and harder. This game is challenging to say the least, you dont see that anymore. I urge anyone to play this game, it's so much fun"
,Recommended,242880,21015670,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[SIN7]Gold-Kitty,This game is a lie! It feels more like Scotland than England!
,Recommended,242880,26481011,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,MeroDN,Well I say - this is ah jolly-ole game to play on a sunday afternoon with some bisects and tea! One is overwhelmed with joy whenever ye play this game! I would recommend this to anyone who loves to have ah spiffing good scaaare! cheerioh!
,Recommended,242880,26497695,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Toxinner,Great to play with friends!
76561197985599207,Recommended,242880,25041735,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Canisgendered Translabradog,"A perfect game for the odd Hallowe'en-style night thrill, all the ingredients are there to freak you out, from the unexpected robot that's stalking you in the woods to the creepy butler who will help you along the way with a suspicious streak of detached politeness in his voice.Highly replayable but quickly inclined to repetitiveness on singleplayer. Not sure about the multiplayer however.Recommended if you play some games for occasional slow-paced relaxation with tea & biscuits (note to reader: view ""Adventures of Overgard"" on YouTube for a perfect example of this playing-style at work), otherwise move along."
,Recommended,242880,21273481,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sa1zo,"The First Minute : ""Damnit this game isn't scary at all, why did i buy this game""The Second Minute : ""What's with that weird robots ? i can just sneak around them""The Third Minute : ""So many loot items, so easy""The Fourth Minute : ""Balloon with searchlight ?""The Fifth : *Went to the field*The Sixth : *Get spotted* ""Wow calm down dude i will just crouch here... wait is he coming this way ? wow f*** s*** *runs, get shot, bled to dead*11/10 would run a marathon with robots in the field again"
,Recommended,242880,22139660,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,brexité???1,Is that a robot..? I think that's a robot...
76561198233222656,Recommended,242880,34598649,Posted: 29 August,all,Harry_Ballzak,"I know this game is abandoned and has some bad raps, BOLLOX i say, get this game on special and play it.""jolly good sport"""
,Recommended,242880,11226141,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,where is pin,can you add craftingplz and i give it a 10and i get why it's going to take you a bit because you need to make player models and other things as well
,Recommended,242880,8368795,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Robot Joe,"neat little sneakin, scavagin game"
,Recommended,242880,10019117,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Zurakci,"I dont have much bad to say about this game. This game is fun, stealthy and challenging.Probably the only thing I would say this game needs is Customizable map-making and Multiplayer/co-op. I feel like this game can be some sort of ""The Hunger Games"" game with some PVP or ish in it.All in all. To be as early into the game as this game is, its pretty well done. I recommend getting it for funz."
,Recommended,242880,7053238,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,GameDragonZero,"Procedrually generated tweetpunk humorous survival horror?  You've got it!  Get stuck on an archepelago of ruined towns and hostile robots.  Seek supplies as you try and reassemble the teleportation device that stuck you there.  DO NOT expect to go in guns blazing because you will die.  Even in Alpha this is a promising game, and one that's definitely worth your time if the ideal appeals to you."
,Recommended,242880,10981848,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,HippieGonePro,"Scary, for a comedy... Robots are evil."
76561198170206438,Recommended,242880,35252331,Posted: 27 September,all,Kingsman,This game gets hard pretty quick. Don't buy it without knowing what to do first
,Recommended,242880,16381820,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,⚡⚡ Weeb Trash ⚡⚡,It's really good. Gameplay is fun and it gets harder during the playthrough. It's more about hiding and trying to survive than shooting the robots especially since you're eventually going to run out of food. I loved that britishness overload which makes it really funny despite the gloomy setting. The only major problem I had with the game is that there ain't much to do so after 1 to 2 tries it gets a little bit boring. I'm happy that they are adding multiplayer to the game. It should make me come back again for longer time :)
76561198024952826,Not Recommended,242880,31126190,Posted: 13 April,all,dmtheorist,"Looks like a fun game, but I bought it based on it being multiplayer, and multiplayer does not work at the moment."
,Recommended,242880,10009745,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Brim Of Obscurity,A delightful romp in the countryside.
76561198071421958,Recommended,242880,19303089,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,eternal jape,"Procedural Stealth game with replay elements and factors in the game that give you the ability to FIGHT BACK HARSH.It's kill, or be killed.It's scary when you don't have weapons.When you start out, the game is 7/10.But about an hour in, I give the game a 9/10Replay ValueAtmosphereGreat Soundtrack(Atmospheric and scary)Good Loot systemGood GunplayGood MeleeAmazing A.I.It's worth it so much on sale, 20 bucks is far fetched though. I'd say this game is worth 15 bucks at most, full price."
,Recommended,242880,7459827,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,R△TM△N,A great survival fps even in alpha. It also has a unique setting which is a + in my book. Pick this up when you have a change.
76561198091299838,Recommended,242880,7489028,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Hiku Oshyu,One of the best stealth games I played yet! I enjoyed it!
,Recommended,242880,16348807,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,nomad2001,Spawned in as an officerDoes 2 minaute tutorialGoes to villageDrinks some tea and eats some mouldy breadGets spotted by a balloonCalls the balloon a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥20 robots with shotguns swarm meShoot 4 of them and dies100/10 would Gentleman Terminator again
76728118373119578,Recommended,242880,9507752,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Jasesaster,"Sooo much awesomeness,i cannot describe how great it isits low on grafics but still awesome-great steam cards-great enemys-lotta cool and new updates-and its still on alphasoo go buy it"
,Recommended,242880,17538272,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lord Fannywhacker,"Singleplayer = meh, no save and quit feature forces you to run around looking for save point (but...but.. it goes against the survival spirit of the game to have save and quit feature ....- yeh who cares, its still annoying)Multiplayer= very fun, probably even better when they actually finish with development"
76561198038075046,Recommended,242880,18586027,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Billy Bob Joe Bob,"Its an amazing game with tons of fun built into it! The singleplayer is engaging, but multiplayer is hilarious! With friends, terrifying banjo chase scenes with tons of robots hot on your tail makes death but a hilarious end to a good game."
,Recommended,242880,12738431,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Clone303,"god this game is ugly but after this is said it's still really fun to play but still i wish there was more in it, like real model for all items and able to go inside houses for house is just a big box wtih items"
76561198040961114,Not Recommended,242880,11812514,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,spaceweezle,"Very unique setting and characterizations of NPC's are well done. The game only excels and is carried purely from the strength  of the originality it inspires to achieve, sadly, the actual gameplay detracts so much out of it that the originality is all that remains.A simple premise of collecting fragments of a crystal from different islands filled with pompus, steam-punk policemen wraps this game up in a nut shell. The gameplay mechanics are extremely primitive and under-developed, and in most cases- broken.It doesn't take long for the novelty to wear thin with this one. Not worth buying in it's current state.42/100"
,Recommended,242880,10658758,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,speedycheese,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is an amazing game you can always return to. It's unique, spooky, exciting, and even comical. The recently added soundtrack is also something to look out for. Your skin will crawl. Your senses will tingle. The game features countless items, and game mechanics, tailered to work perfectly.I love Sir, You Are Being Hunted, and if you haven't already,Give it a go lad!"
,Recommended,242880,8926930,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,✪ SaltY,Really great game.  You won't waste your money with this one.
,Recommended,242880,24382422,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,༺A Spooky Katt༻,"Base gameplay is good, but there hasn't been an update in forever almost an entire year."
76561198073677363,Recommended,242880,26469146,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Selfless,Jolly good fun.
76561198079623191,Recommended,242880,24307099,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SCP-049,"Simple and easy objective. Get the stones to go back to your time, avoid the robots and survive off what you got. And thats why I LOVE THIS GAME. It is as simple as that. Just survive. No XP. No quests. Just survive. The only building you do is make campfires and that is it. That is perfect for a survival game like this. Now onto the review!I did say that this game was simple but it is also complex in ways. There are different enemies ranging from just a standard farmer with a gun to these giant shadowy dudes to scarecrows that attract enemies. Your objective is to get magical stones to power up a ruin to go back to your time period. In this time period, robots have taken over and are killing off all humans. Enemies react in a number of ways. For example, they can see you from a mile away if you are just standing up and running around. They will also hear the running and if you fire a shot, it will bring even more robots to you. There is one robot, the trapper, that lays bear traps that cripples you and shocks you enough to get close and shotgun you in the face. The heatlh and food system is easy. Eat good food or drink to replenish health and use bandages if you are bleeding. Stealth is simple, crouch to go silent and if you are in the brush then you are practically invisible which makes going on the open roads a bad idea.Now onto the cons. This game can be quite confusing and somewhat overbearing if you are playing for the first time. HOWEVER, there is a tutorial in the game that somewhat tells you what not to do. Enemies as I said are simplistic but there are only a few select types. All unique yes but when you get to know them, you know how to counter them with easy. Minor gripe, nothing major. The graphics are a bit ugh but it's not terrible.Not a bad game to play once and a while."
76561198036822680,Not Recommended,242880,24843805,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,JOHNDOE(1),This game no longer works properly in multiplayer.Also the audio crashes and lots of the singleplayer content is not in the multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,242880,18481471,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BrosephStylin,Most fun was wasting hours on figuring out which ports to open
,Not Recommended,242880,23903017,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FlyingOldMann,"I bought this game while it was on the summer sale, and since I had been wanting this game for a bit, I was happy to buy it. When I first played it I realized it was a mistake for buying it because although it can be funny at times, the robot's AI is annoying. I experienced bugs where even if the game says I'm undetecable and I'm still and crouching, I would still be found. The enemies got hard way too quickly, and within the almost two hours I played I died numerous times from the stun blocking horsemen. Overall 4.99 for it is a decent price, but anymore is a rip-off."
,Recommended,242880,12518560,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,CMDR ReploidX9,"Stealth, shooting, humour, and HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WTF IS THAT?! moments make this an awesome game, totally worth buying."
,Recommended,242880,25003676,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,一些中国名字,0/10 Not enough crumpets
76561198081392851,Recommended,242880,12705678,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,"UAF pilot: ""Jelani Mugabi""","very unique to the stealth genre and very fun to play, love the art style!"
,Not Recommended,242880,18478734,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ApexCity,"Unpolished, Unfinished, Kickstarter Cash Grab. What a bummer."
,Not Recommended,242880,21189096,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Normonator,"I'm sure some people will like this game, but I just have nothing good to say about it. There's nothing wrong with the game (bug-wise), I just don't find it enjoyable at all."
,Not Recommended,242880,35228038,Posted: 26 September,all,Unbentsuperpyro,"Rip, not even being worked on anymore."
,Recommended,242880,12766728,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Agent_Orange,"I have not played much of Sir, You Are Being Hunted but I must say that the little bit I have experienced will have me coming back for more. The dread of being persued by a persistent force of commical yet deadly atomatons is witty, fun, and challenging and the atmosphere is austere and macabre. This title has become an unlikely favorite of mine and I look forward to future developments."
76561198087206460,Recommended,242880,12794749,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,RubbaDukaTrukka,"As a fellow english gentleman, i can firmly say that this game is pretty much all i could ask for. I was very fond of the tea and biscuits. Running around in the shrub being chased by men in tweed jackets and rifles takes me back to my youth in the hills of yorkshire. Good Gameplay but slighly terrifying when poachers and fat robot facks come for your booty.Tally ho"
,Recommended,242880,7903890,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,BrianTheGamer,"It's fun if your looking for a challenging game,totally love it!"
,Not Recommended,242880,15882834,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ww,It's in 1.0 state but there isn't enough content to really earn the price point.
76561198013882931,Not Recommended,242880,25859537,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Cosmic Cake,"I love the concept of this game buuuut:I tried playing this with a friend and it kept on crashing after like 1-2 hours into the game.(mac and a pc)Since your character moves real slow and since there arent a big amount of different items, this game got tiring real fast.couldve been dope but its been a dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,242880,18597296,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,laurent,Boring
76561198000318945,Recommended,242880,9856495,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Trrcn,"Get over here, s.t.a.l.k.e.r., this game is for you!  Look for artifacts, hide from others, kill with no remorse, and loot the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything in sight?  This is your zone away from The Zone™, buddy! Only issue may be the use of being stuck with ye olden english equipment and maybe everyone is out to kill you, but you know what they say cousin, look out for that sni..."
,Not Recommended,242880,10086437,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Original,"I was excited to play this as I remember reading about it on RPS years ago and saw that it had just reached v1.0.Sadly, it feels completely unfinished right down to the crackling badly recorded voice of your butler.  It essentially boils down to a walking simulator with some extremely poor combat thrown in.  The environments are ugly and featureless, there is no crafting or any reason for half the available items to be in the game at all.Maybe v2.0 will be worth playing, will uninstall until then."
76561197964787349,Not Recommended,242880,11191687,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,SPawN[DJedi],"Took around 2 minutes to generate the world.  Survived for roughly 5 minutes once the game started.The two minutes of watching the loading screen was way more enjoyable than what happened after.Some sort of tutorial, or explanation of what the hell is going on, would be nice."
,Not Recommended,242880,24964412,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Steee,"I'm not bad at this game. Infact I've spent more time ingame than some positive reviewers, so you may ask the question: Why is this negetive? The answer to that is simple: It's pretty good for an alpha, meh for a beta, but it's currently in it's final form. The dev even said it's not in active devolpment on his profile comments. As it stands this is a game that has quite a bit of promise but one that has been abandoned by it's dev. I got it for christmas for about $5 and at that price (If you can actually get over the learning curve.) it's a pretty good alpha and nice little game that should last you 10+ hours. However it being in it's final state currently (Aside from the occasional bugfix?) (The game is still as glitchy as a beta.) it's not worth the current price. Wait for it to go on sale for $5 to $10 to buy it."
76561198294707000,Recommended,242880,25875410,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Jack Meihoff,*Intensity intensifies*
,Recommended,242880,29915817,Posted: 13 February,all,Daquan Zero,"Would I recomend this game, yes, why?I hit a robot in the face with an axe, he cries ""MUMY"", I hit him againd and his moustache falls off... 11/5 BEST GAME EVER WOULD BRITISH AGAIN"
76561198045605357,Recommended,242880,29273702,Posted: 15 January,all,Jimmity_Text,"Good game, although some of the settings are hard to understand,  and the Multiplayer is nonexistable, you will have great fun being chased by robots and looking for loot, if you want to go loud and just kill all the robots, with practice it works, but they do spawn again.Either way, I find it a fun game, although you should get it on sale, playing it once is enough for me."
76561198146592800,Not Recommended,242880,21001964,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TheThirdSun,Sir you are being hunted in its current state is not worth it.If it's on sale or gets some good updates in the future then yes get the game.Some of the problems that I have with the game:*Houses are just glorified chests*Multiplayer being new needs some work with joining and making severs easier*You can only save at boats meaning you could loss a lot of your progress*The single player (for me) is just a bit boring because after you've played about an hour it just gets repetitiveThese are all problems that will likely get updated in the future but for now Sir you are being hunted is not worth the £15.But hey this just might not be my cup of tea! ;)
,Not Recommended,242880,12087174,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,e0da,"Tedious. Boring. I spent more time watching the world generation screen than actually playing this game. I really, really hate it."
,Not Recommended,242880,18849613,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,R4PT0R,Honestly gets really boring after about 45 minutes..
76561198241847162,Not Recommended,242880,22076659,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Lord Dake Kai,Gets rather boring quickly in my opinion.
,Recommended,242880,18727239,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,El Pandito,Very noice dense fruit cake simulator.
76561198080222697,Not Recommended,242880,19083338,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Mr Ping,Game is crap multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ed
76561197961167133,Recommended,242880,13772141,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,d1ngleberry,"I played this on Linux and it did fairly well on the open source ATI drivers. Sir, You Are Being Hunted isn't a bad game at all, it does get a little repetitive but it really doesn't take away from the game play much. It probably would if you played through the game a few times. You have limited space in your inventory and at times need to reserve a large part of it to pieces of the machine you find. Good food that doesn't hurt you can be hard to come by at times. The same with ammo so when you shoot you need to make it count. This game can be fun but very frustrating and I recommend playing this through at least once."
,Recommended,242880,13816501,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ShockCan,"A pretty good survival game in my opinion although it gets difficult and sometimes boring at times. Honestly I think $20 is too much for it I guess but it does add the aspect of suspence and it kept me on edge all the time even when the shooting and some other aspects felt weird.I recommend this for those who don't have problems with patience since you will have to sneak, not be able to run, take a huge time looking for stuff everywhere and repetetive dying. Also buy it when it has a discount.Pretty descent game, I really don't care about the graphics:7.5/10"
76561198022711313,Not Recommended,242880,13948799,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,aironneil,"I really want to like this game. I know that line is clichéd at this point on steam reviews, but I really do, I usually love sneaking and survival games but Sir comes off as really tedious with its gameplay.I suppose the real thing holding me back on Sir (it's going to make me sound like a casual noob but) is its difficulty. The robots are way too smart and it makes just about every strategy I try guaranteed to fail at least five times. Not the mention the fact that robots have a tendency to always gather around lootable buildings and never leave. I’m always forced to do some sort of trickery that, like I mentioned before, never seems to work on them. Later, I figured that the fastest strategy actually just involved running through and looting as fast as I can since the robots were always too smart for any of my tricks to reliably work efficiently.Even ignoring all of that, the game’s charm wears off after about an hour of play, and what you’re left with is poorly designed sneaking sections that encourage exploiting to get through them and a combat system obviously designed to make you NOT want to use it.11/10 –IGN."
,Recommended,242880,12711034,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,YzalSan,Difficult to say something right now cause i didn t succed even once time to win this game... Same for some roguelike too but i like definitly this game cause it s a challenge and i ll beat it one day.... One Day ! xD
76561198035085888,Recommended,242880,12789370,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Fish Dish,"A serious tense game! I do love it doe :3 Do buy it, deifiently worth it!"
,Recommended,242880,12753413,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Arctic Avenger,where do i start this game is challageing and has some moments where you feel traped yet you can run food i scarse and has some amazing elements of stealth and survival plus the inventory system makes it a puzzle of how to optimize your space and desitions will you take that axe or take the rifle will you leave a badage behind for a bottle of wiskey it is over all a great game some things do suck like the ai and the difficulty of finding anything useful (besides robot loot)
,Recommended,242880,741312,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"Well, aren't you all polite and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,242880,17331199,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Virginator Farmskins.com,"A very confusing game that puts the player under constant pressure as you have to survive by finding food and evading robots that come for you while searching for stones. The game is complicated and very dark so it is difficult to see at times, if you cannot withstand being put under pressure constantly I do not recommend it. I personally didnt like it and would not recommend it."
76561198065032677,Recommended,242880,13946458,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Screego,GET PSYCHED!
76561198098701541,Not Recommended,242880,15015883,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Qugo,"I woud have liked to give this a good review, but it lacked any reason for me to give it one"
76561198078828357,Not Recommended,242880,22507219,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Nuukuu,its pretty bad to be honest
,Recommended,242880,20551959,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ass,Game called me a madam10/10
,Recommended,242880,23233440,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sir Gloops,Yeah robot goes bang you die you red pawn you die you win you make new world you respawn LOTS OF FUN
76561198160048891,Recommended,242880,29914223,Posted: 13 February,all,Agent_Potatoes,"An epic game with many possibilities, when you're always on the move for some of the brown gold, TEA!Biscuit / 10"
,Not Recommended,242880,24920638,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Viewtiful D. Roy,"So I have yet to complete a single story mode, or rather the game and This game is very frusterating. Unlike dark souls this game is unforgiveable with the stealth mechanic. It's boggled me by what is the range of the robots vision. Instead of being good, this game is annoyingly frusterated. I watched a video review and this guy says seeing a line of red dots following you will seem normal. There's junk that is usless and has no use being in the game. Finding the pieces are not difficult but going around the robots is the hard part. This game is not worth buying until the stealth mechanic has been updated or patched up."
76561197998410228,Recommended,242880,30804531,Posted: 28 March,all,Chaotic Anomaly,Very British. Much survival. Much goofy horror. Wow. Is fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,242880,7453299,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,teej,"Slender + Don't Starve + DayZ. Neat little game, if it is on sale pick it up, if not and you have the spare money, get it."
,Not Recommended,242880,13957744,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,thewickedking,"Ok, so I played only half an hour of this game, and my impression is quite negative.Why I played only half an hour? Because I wasn't even able to equip a weapon from the inventory (using both controller or keyboard/mouse). The game doesn't even have a tutorial, and nowhere it is explained, and it is not intuitive. So, after half an hour of frustration (I've played a lot of games, and never it happened to me to not even be able to equip a weapon!!) I quit.In that half an hour I've also noticed very poor graphics quality. No, I know that is the art-style (and I kinda like it), I mean other things, like the grass billboards for example. If you look at the grass, you immediately realize it's 2D graphic file that is there to represent grass. I am a novice hobbyst Unity developer and even I know it can be done better. And the opening scene is made of static hand painted images that are so badly painted that I think they were made by a 14 years old art school student.Overall, this game feels like a nice idea but poorly realized. I wanted to support and indie developer, but the indie developer must also support its customers. 3/10"
,Recommended,242880,24365703,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Agustin,El Chapo Simulator 2013
76561198184816442,Recommended,242880,24763196,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,The Angry Russian,"SHORT DESCRIPTION:A randomly generated, dark stealth survival game where you are hunted by steampuk robots.BASIC IDEA:A Guy gets teleported to an alternate Victorian England where robots hunt people for sport and tries to find fragments to build a portal to go back home.PROS:-Random Generation-Graphics arent the best but the views are really nice-The game is original and unique-Loot-Never too easy-Steampunk-Diffirent robot enemies each with his own tactic of hunting you-Now with multiplayer-Stealth-No stealth-Dynamite-Cookies-Alarm Clocks-Thrilling chases-High tension moments-Countryside landscapes-AI is tough-Drink TeaCONS:-Not everyones cup of tea (pun not intended)-Could have been more popularCONCLUSION:TEA AND BISCUITS 100/100"
,Recommended,242880,20566177,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Olaffff,"my favorite elder scrolls mods all rounded up in a randomly generated world.hostile robots.british voice acting.classy revolvers, rifles and shotguns.toys.tea.collectathon campaign.and of course.tiny houses.you get to be all sneaky and collect meteorites so if you aren't into stealth games this may not be for you"
76561198034316854,Not Recommended,242880,16332918,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,120 BPM,"I cannot recommend this game. The world is empty, there is little variety, alot of mechanics are imbalanced, game is difficult yet there is nothing making you want to try and keep going. The overall mood of the game is quite depressing, the bad part is a lot of it comes as unintended.. optimisation doesnt make it better. poor value for money"
76561198055785649,Not Recommended,242880,21177886,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Stubb,"Good God no, its not stealthy at all, and the only survival element is not getting shot"
,Recommended,242880,9091436,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Orange Tunak,Its an amazing game that is very immersive however its still in alpha so it doesnt look the best but it is shaping up nicely and it looks like it will be a very good game in the future
,Not Recommended,242880,16358792,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gremius,"Couldn't get past the tutorial area because the game refused to allow me to set my own button configuration and even got stuck on the menu. Don't buy this game, even at the low price they advertise it in."
,Recommended,242880,30826671,Posted: 29 March,all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,Good clean fun for the gamer whom likes to be hunted by suto 1960's style robots.
,Not Recommended,242880,11234068,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Paydoh,"cant be streamed, i'll give thumbs up when they fix this, everytime you start OBS the game crashes"
76561198092213236,Recommended,242880,12562146,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Marcusious |♣|,"I love it! Only specific request is that it should work with multiplayer and I hear it  is on it's way. The style, the feel, the whole running and hiding makes me fear for my life as I hardly do in any of my games which makes you feel THERE and not playing a game. The slightest of sounds alert me. This game, even though I have only played 2 hours of it I find it worth it's price, catch it on sale and it is definatly worth your wile. I'd also like to say I did go gung-ho and attack some robots and held my ground, I killed about 10 but more were comming and I ran low on ammo so I ran for a boat to get to another island. This game is intense, fun, and a bit spooky."
,Recommended,242880,12687345,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,BigZman95,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a good game that could have been a lot better. In a lot of ways the game still feels pretty Early Access in my opinion. One of the best examples is, instead of being able to physically go inside buildings you just open the doors and it brings you to a menu where you can ""loot"" it. Small things like this, and bland environements, sort of break the immersion of an otherwise fantastic game. The premise and execution are great, but there are a few small details I would like to see fixed overtime. All in all, it's still worth playing if you like stealth games."
,Recommended,242880,34724619,Posted: 3 September,all,Chiisana Desuku Enjinia,"I do have to inform you, chap, that this is a splendid game. Filled with an old Englishman's humour, this game manages to be a convincingly exciting stealth game. I reckon any bloke who likes both stealth and excitement (along with shooting robots) will fancy this game."
76561198034771172,Recommended,242880,34179275,Posted: 11 August,all,waysaway,like the primative aspect almost cobbed together game play very originaland dark
,Not Recommended,242880,28819344,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Captain Keelhaul,munliplayer is dead not worth it. get we happy few instead
76561198202616671,Not Recommended,242880,28778670,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,liuyinan0528,"this game is broken and can not be played in multiplayer. the tag is lying. very, very unresponsive dev and its unfinished game. what a shame."
,Recommended,242880,21141574,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Atlas,"Ran around for a while pillaging houses until I found a gun, which I shot one robot with and then ran out of ammo. When I escaped the robots, and then constructed the teleporter, I came home and played this game. It was pretty good."
,Not Recommended,242880,24620489,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TheBraveSirRobin,"I'm not going to mince words: The stealth gameplay is quite simply sh*t, and the survival mechanics and map design (a key element of every stealth game) do nothing to make up for that fact.Okay, maybe I am going to mince wordsYou know all those tense moments in other stealth games of sneaking up on a mook oh-so cautiously, praying he doesn't turn around, to take him out, then methodically do the same to every one else in the area so you can explore unimpeded and progress? That simply doesn't happen in this game. There are very very few tactics for you to use against the robot and this means the gameplay is incredibly boring since actually interacting with the main obstacle of the game is counterproductive to the game's objective. Perhap it's unfair to expect this game to have gameplay more similar to a stealth-action game since this could be more a part of the survival horror genre than the stealth genre, but it was not able to immerse me or terrify me with it's minimalistic presentation. The robots don't seem scary, just overpowered. Now about the survival aspects of the game: they are incredibly simplistic, the game enviroments are sparse and dull from a mechanical perspective, and there are few interesting tools with which to fight or avoid the robots. Some other reviews say the game simply needs ""more content"", but that does not address the fact that the problems with it are mostly on the design level, in my opinion. The game does not need more stuff to throw at you, it needs a more interesting way of putting all that stuff together to make your encounters with the robots more nuanced and exciting or make exploring the map more interesting. It is a bland and wholly un-interactive experience."
76561198056323131,Recommended,242880,11189741,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Not DarkStick,"Fresh breath of air. When people think of ""Survival games"" first thing that comes to mind is those zombies. In SYAB, they said ♥♥♥♥ the zombies, we go with british robots. The game's stealth is pretty basic but works fine. Scavenging is cool, the robots are really neat looking and a bit silly. The atmosphere is just perfect and fits the game amazingly.Only thing I have against this game, it's that it can get a bit repetitive if you get too much ammo."
76561198095426349,Recommended,242880,13952515,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Hannibal Buress,Has great potential.
,Recommended,242880,10049231,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,coconut,ur 1♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cheeky robotic кunt m8 i swer 2 me mum ill wrek ur gabber
76561197983747040,Recommended,242880,28263946,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JohnDaker'sArmy,Sneaky and tense.
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,242880,20216015,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WHOOLEE,"The game looking really great but slowly got worse.We waited a long time for coop mode, a long time, then it appeared and it was 'coop mode added but only one can escape'. then thats not bloody coop is it.Not a bad game, pick up for a few quid only though, the online part is really bad though.This had potential but everything about it is pretty poor when you go back to it."
76561198020144608,Recommended,242880,21598591,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,242880,29656924,Posted: 2 February,all,LukeIsBatman,It's good.
76561198039305661,Recommended,242880,13958152,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,gunsaremagic,played it for a few hours now and its a great survival game :D
,Not Recommended,242880,8487687,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Flarestar,"I can't really recommend this yet.  The AI badly needs rebalancing, as does the combat in general.  I'm fine with weapons that aren't hitscan pixel-point accurate murder machines, but it's incredibly common to miss while iron sighting at ranges where even a blind geriatric could successfully score a hit.The spawn placement of the artifacts sometimes is a giant middle finger as well.Great concept, just still very clearly alpha quality.  Recommendation will probably change to a yes once there's more functionality and features implemented."
76561198137396084,Not Recommended,242880,30211832,Posted: 26 February,all,_-Elveon-_-Verede-_ | trade.tf,This Game is dead no updates in a year or so its very boring cause there is nothing to do in the game....
,Recommended,242880,31978062,Posted: 26 May,all,:?),quack
,Recommended,242880,23019781,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Epic Communist Taco,*walking around*sees a giant deformed robot*scares the crap out of me*KILL IT*robot does a thing with his walking stick*dead420/10 would g3t r3kt again
35642189754216248,Recommended,242880,28246680,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,nonlegit1hit,"this game is next to outlast in the horror section of my library, that should explain alot 10/10"
76561198135253440,Not Recommended,242880,30432714,Posted: 10 March,all,SPQRBall,"I like the game, BUT......The price is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,242880,30296180,Posted: 3 March,all,Luna licărire,"Not nearly as fun as I thought it would be. Terrible graphics, repetitive and easy gameplay, and no real thrill."
,Not Recommended,242880,12377443,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Gant,"Garbage with no updates.If you look through the positive reviews, you'll see that virtually all have less than 2 or 3 hours played. This isn't enough time to actually complete the game, but it is enough time to see everything bar the credits."
76561198248888738,Recommended,242880,25870425,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,peridot18771,100/10 best game evea
,Not Recommended,242880,26242824,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,stabbyjones,"This game isn't my cup of tea. (HURR!)That's not to say it's bad, sir and I just want different things out of life."
76561198079782304,Recommended,242880,23547050,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Garfunkler,Best Thing Since The Unstoppable Tide Of islam
76561198196098945,Not Recommended,242880,26111556,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Like a boss,Lags and crashes so much it needs bug fixses.
,Recommended,242880,12758311,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Diophantus,Bloody good m9's
,Recommended,242880,12710611,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,کBG | Kvitost,IS GOOD FUNN
,Not Recommended,242880,11185496,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Maniaqz,"Quite interesting setting, but realization is afwull as hell."
76561198271105938,Recommended,242880,25157202,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Unluckymonster,First half collecting gems: Fun stealth survival gameSecond half collecting gems: Stealth-survival-horror game
76561198307198800,Recommended,242880,26038985,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Your Neighbor Gambino,Its good
76561198130784010,Recommended,242880,29993926,Posted: 17 February,all,Jyan Brones,"Super fun, would definitely recommend. :)"
,Recommended,242880,26328248,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,QuietProfesional,"Excuse me sir, but if you don't mind I'd like to write a review on your product. Fine? Very well, let us begin.Firstly I will state this, I played this game at about 15fps on the smallest window size possible. The text was too blurry to read, the gun was too laggy to aim. Yet despite all that, I enjoyed every single moment of this game. (Note this was because of my laptop's crappy specs, not the fault of the game)This game looked appauling due to my computer, so I will refrain from speaking about that.The main robot you find is a sort of stuck up chap, he refuses to speak with anything other than his shotgun. And blast that thing hurts!And that is the biggest problem I had with the game. However bleeding is calculated, it is too easy to bleed. 90% of my deaths were from bleeding out trying to find a bandage or being murdered trying to apply a bandage. OR applying a bandage but getting shot again and bleeding again!The next trouble I had was inventory space. It may seem generous when you first start, but when you find a 4x4 sized chunk, you have to clear out so much stuff. AND I DONT WANT TO THROW AWAY MY CROCKERY!OH Oh oh! Also love the ending music! Almost skipped because I didn't know something would start playing~ANyways I like, 8/10Well i kinda gave up on the whole 'trying to be english' thing half way through that..."
,Not Recommended,242880,24665466,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,OFWGKTA Skinhub.com,I Hate this game me and my friend fall through the map every five seconds dont buy it
,Recommended,242880,25880531,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Tophatted,Very goud would be hunted again
,Recommended,242880,17331318,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mr. Jacobs,"Let's Playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kg6H2do6L48&list=PLBonlAW_WHtxNcg43Hd9zv7j-FnGClIlj&index=10Ok, so, what to say about this game.GoodRobots are extremely Posh. So you won't be dissapointed by a lack of tophats or monocles.Found letters are so British you will forget you are fleeing from teams of Polite Murder bots who hunt with shotguns to give you a sporting chance (I think).I got spotted by a baloon and felt like I was fleeing a POW camp.Tutorial is minimalistic but gets the job done. Don't get killed, use things, eat, find artifacts.Music is on point and really adds to the atmosphere when you ae being chased.Drunk effects are decent and can cost you your life if you drink at the wrong moment.BadRobots often patrol around artifacts in the open, making fighting a requirement (yes even though you can distract them)Difficulty ramps very quickly. I found 4 artifacts and was suddenly unable to scavenge as each town had a group of Robots in it.All of the junk. There appears to bealotof junk stuff everywhere. Why?Rats, and other dubious items, can they be cooked to remove their dubiousness?Hunting. I have read that there is hunting and I have seen some rabbits in the game. Do you have to shoot them? Run them down and hit the with an axe? Use a trap on them? The game offers no insight into this and I feel as if it is quite important. There is a finite supply of food that is scavengeable.OverallI do not usually play survival games. I do however, reccomend this game on the basis that it made me actuallyfeelhunted. I found myself ducking my head (Control Racing style) when I was trying to get asway and hide from a group of hunters. So bravo!7/10"
,Recommended,242880,26150060,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SajBear,Jolly good show!
76561198088711908,Recommended,242880,7756163,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Little Spoon,"hard to play, but fun after a while of getting used to it 5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,242880,21059494,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DirtyMeatSack,"I can't say I enjoyed this game that much.The idea is there, but the execution is sub-par.4/10 horrible and die simulator."
,Not Recommended,242880,24725889,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Vexalism,Numerous bugs plague multiplayer
,Not Recommended,242880,21200272,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Anthony,Boring
76561198057011189,Recommended,242880,12392041,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,TheStoneMan,It's ok I guess people-bots talk like people from that one place would. That's cool I guess
76561198009294281,Recommended,242880,29862327,Posted: 11 February,all,[GONCH] Norus212 ✠,7/10. Will never play again!
76561198049416477,Recommended,242880,12703128,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DAT RENDAR,2 scary played 10 min and then quit.
76561197972835171,Recommended,242880,12820091,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,December Love,"Sir, may i say, this is a wonderful game.  It is stealth, it is action, it is survival.  I would say more at the moment, but botdogs are hunting me down, and i do beleive i am out of biscuits for the evening.9/10"
,Not Recommended,242880,33609968,Posted: 17 July,all,바보,no
76561198130007670,Recommended,242880,26452642,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,a moderately moist potato chip,made me want 2 hunt myself and dieits ok bcuz i wanted 2 die
76561198056786442,Recommended,242880,34157715,Posted: 10 August,all,ZackeryHumphries129,Love it
76561198067763384,Recommended,242880,10012715,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,ihaveanos,"This game may be the scariest survival horror game I've played. Where as other horror games rely on jump scares and gore to scare you Sir, You Are Being Hunted uses a lingering fear of the robots searching for you. Great game. I can't wait for the full release. 9/10"
76561198065064605,Recommended,242880,7956756,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,samdeath,it a brillent game
76561198039880734,Recommended,242880,9999504,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Hemo Goblin,Tweed as♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10
,Recommended,242880,25884490,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ashton,Gud
76561198086815095,Not Recommended,242880,21074756,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,milles,Lack of developments.... The devs just abandonned the game :(Not funny game.....
76561198071898410,Recommended,242880,24366722,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Mr.Cat,i pooped mah pants when a hobo with a shotgun found megood game
76561198072241442,Recommended,242880,13000453,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,jimmy jenkins,"A fun atmospheric stealth survival horror, though the visuals are in a way not that scary the robots will probably still scare you because they spell a restart, i honestly havent gotten very far but from what ive played i would recomend this game to people who enjoy stealth survival games."
,Recommended,242880,32272172,Posted: 8 June,all,Steel_Physics™,Smells like tea.I like that.11/10
,Recommended,242880,7819767,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,RevCat,"An amazing game of survival. Unique game where you have to survive and collect pieces to escape while being hunted by British robots. Travel through vast randomly generated British landscapes and drink tea and eat cookies to survive. (plus many more British foods/drinks) find items such as axe, guns or even an alarm clock or toy train to distract enemies.  Use foliage to hide from the seeking robots. it will keep you on the edge of  your seat. Unfortunately no co-op or multiplayer. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,242880,14220776,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a freedom sandbox stealth experience.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuC9UHxl87YYou have to survive and escape from robot-infested islands using violence, trickery and stealth. - Highly Recommended!"
76561198035117579,Recommended,242880,26136918,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,WaSting_Tim3,This game is dope.
76561198028341548,Not Recommended,242880,28244660,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Blitzgob,"Mehhhhh. NopeI just never get into it.I mean, it is not an awful game, but it is one of those game you buy on steam sales, you install it, try some hours or less, and end up saying ""that was not a bad game, I might play it again"".Years after you just uninstall it cause you know you will never play this game again."
76561197984986791,Not Recommended,242880,31482738,Posted: 1 May,all,SEGISBORN,There's no f<3cking multiplayer
,Not Recommended,242880,8978704,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Mutant,"I do not see the appeal of this game. It's boring, and you die of starvation all the time. You can't carry crap, and can't fight. The stealth mechanics are ridiculous, and once you are found it's all over because you can't run without them finding you. I found very few redeeming qualities about this game, except that I got to eat dead rat.. So there's that."
,Not Recommended,242880,25039122,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,about 47 t-rexes,"Very boring and repetitive. The environments are all the same, and the looting is awful."
,Not Recommended,242880,10010753,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,PixelatedDonkey,"Textures are horrendous. Not in ""artistic"" kind of way as some developers try to do. Just horrendous. What's with the gun sway? Why is it there? Where is the map? Do I have to find it?Gameplay itself is just boring. I barely started playing the game and got bored. Robots are easy to kill, hot air balloon is easy to run away from after I got spotted.I don't even want to waste more of my time describing my disappointment. I'll just say this: Save your money and if you want real stealth based game get Dishonoured or Thief. This thing isn't even fun to play."
76561198063963211,Recommended,242880,22487061,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,i want to ♥♥♥♥ing kill the british
76561198079569147,Not Recommended,242880,16132973,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BurgerBob,Broken mess of a game and yet another good example of Unity engine crappiness.
,Not Recommended,242880,10085141,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SgtWireless,"Its more a fetch quest than anything else. You run around avoiding robots ttrying to find these damn rocks that are not very easy to locate and then you have to figure out where the damn standing stones are again, the housees mostly contain junk that serves no purpose, theeres no sounds for eating, a lack of impact with guns and just generally misses the target the game was aming for. Sadly the britishness wont save this game unless you enjoy british sterotypes alot."
,Not Recommended,242880,9085039,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,peace of sheet,Just another survival game with boring gameplay.
,Recommended,242880,34074312,Posted: 6 August,all,Typhon,Good Game
76561198383219708,Not Recommended,242880,34263254,Posted: 15 August,all,natelh,you will be very confused with what to do
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,242880,10639525,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,"No tutorial, no explanation what to do, kept calling me madam, I cant reccomend this"
76561198091301283,Recommended,242880,16321806,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ajccarlson,
76561197975433578,Not Recommended,242880,32776845,Posted: 25 June,all,goodguy,most boring game ever..
,Not Recommended,242880,21793571,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,happycarrot50,♥♥♥♥♥game where robots try and kill you. - 3/15
,Recommended,242880,32346567,Posted: 11 June,all,Ninjassassin911,Fun game. See for yourself.
76561197966414710,Not Recommended,242880,18904311,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,RoboJoe,"/yawncrappy gamecrappy mechanicsboring after 15 mins, spend your money somewhere else"
76561198189047379,Not Recommended,242880,19882596,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Edgy - kun,The game is fun for about 20-25 minutes before you realize you just wasted $20 (thank god I only payed $4)
76561198144552025,Recommended,242880,34250355,Posted: 14 August,all,Riftrealmgamer,The ending credit song is proof that God exists
,Recommended,242880,18126950,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,☆ Silver Wolf ☆,"Hmph, Landowners are not friendly."
76561198047417676,Recommended,242880,7970291,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ninja_walrus85,"This game is pretty good. if you like on-the-run jumpscare games then this is a game for you. They do a good job of making you feel hunted and you never know who will be around the next corner. Now I'm not sure I can reccomend the game for the price, so get it on sale, but otherwise it's got great atmosphere and very original graphical design. Many people are upset that the houses are unexplorable, but its not really the type of game this is, plus if you have to rumage through houses to get your items, it would add HOURS on the total completion time because its already long enough. My biggest issue with the game is that it's quite difficult to complete"
,Not Recommended,242880,8919680,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,zzubnik,A boring waste of money.4/10
,Recommended,242880,21678791,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,haysooz,british people are evil and muslim
76561198012509455,Not Recommended,242880,8185033,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ClayJitsu,"Good game, but wait until it's out of Alpha.  I just lost my whole game (20+ hours) because of an update."
,Not Recommended,242880,11195715,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,TiCK,Garbage for idiots who love stupid steampunk♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198173284243,Not Recommended,242880,19852306,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tommy Dreamer,"2 spooky, keep turing of game"
76561198075462880,Not Recommended,242880,9632785,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,bubbyskeletano,"""this game is scary"" was something i said before you could spawn in with like 3 guns and an♥♥♥♥♥ton of bullets"
76561197985512782,Not Recommended,242880,9580160,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Ja d'Attaque,"Video looks good, but gameplay is dissapointing."
,Not Recommended,242880,12983391,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Marzanna,Stupid game. Impossible to play due to lack of ammo.
,Recommended,242880,12719910,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,chikenlover,2fancy4u10/10 wonderful game would steal boots again and eat rats.
76561197972499865,Recommended,242880,12564927,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Good game.
,Not Recommended,242880,24772013,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,CreamyMemeyMeelo,"Although procedurally generated, it eventually turns into a boring♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10-Filthy jew"
,Not Recommended,242880,25263251,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ZackityZoobz,"Literal garbage. Servers are trash, game was abandoned. Buy it if you feel like donating to the developers for such a trashy game."
,Recommended,242880,26073685,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Yodysseus IV,I waited till this game was on sale to get it.. I regret this lol its definitly fun game that is sometimes pretty nerve wracking lol check it out here!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1V09S_5SoYw
,Not Recommended,242880,8086434,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","-Update: reviewing of release version-Ok, they added stuff like classes and persistent containers now but the core gameplay is still the same. Search stone, pick up stone, return to portal (walk), insert stone, repeat. If enemies appear, sneak around. Don't know if there'll be some change then but I can't imagine doing this for hours so I won't know.I really want to like the game, I like Don't starve and the classic Thief series and steampunk and England and sneaking around in general but I'm just not having fun here as there is not really much to do.Early access review below->-Sir, can't recommend buying at the moment-I'll retry in half a year though since it's early access if they add more content and completely change the gameplay. The setting and the ideas looked good so I gave it a try. I'm always for some good stealth in a randomized scary robo-england.However that's it. Endlessly creeping through the grass. Like some stealth-""don't starve"" minus the crafting. The houses are just large loot chests and there's a lack of detail to the surroundings. After searching some of the item storages I found it's not really worth it - maybe they'll add some crafting for the junk items? Leading up to the next problem with the small inventory. The game's mission is to search out key items in the landscape which take up half of your inventory and carry them back to the start. (They'll probably add permanent storage chests to fix this which means even more backtracking through murky environments).  Mostly the key items are guarded by some robots so you'll have to sneak there. I did that three times and realized it wasn't fun anymore then (you're supposed to do this over and over apparently).I'm not really sure if they will change the gameplay entirely when the game releases so buyers beware. Indeed beware of all early access games from my experience but that's a complex topic."
76561198008498908,Not Recommended,242880,7966757,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,crushingbush,"Don't do it. Spend time watching the trees outside your window or maybe taking a nap, but don't ""waste"" time or money on this pile."
,Not Recommended,242880,8978524,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,SirShotgun,"Have you ever had the irresistible urge to go on a scavenger hunt? What about walking aimlessly around an island for a long time? Or do you enjoy encountering robots with the aim of storm troopers? Do you enjoy games that don't challenge you at all? What about games that become repetitive on your first playthrough? If you answered yes to these questions not only are you lame but you will also enjoy (insert your gender with a fancy flare), You Are Being Hunted.Note: Just because I don't recommend this game does it give you the right to thumbs this comment down you ungrateful ♥♥♥♥♥es. Yeah, everyone that has actually reviewed this game gave it a thumbs down and everyone else who bought this game and realized they wasted 20 bucks rates those reviewers down just to make themselves feel better and that they actually made a good choice on buying this game. Let's be completely honest with ourselves! This game is 20$ I beat it in around an hour on the hardest difficulty and that's that. I'm done with it! There's no replayability and even playing the game for one play through got repetitive! You literally just walk about and pick up god damn thermoses! It's a novel idea but implemented to a degree of♥♥♥♥♥♥that makes it look like the Harrison administration actually accomplished something, it's ridiculous!....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198018474955,Not Recommended,242880,23608212,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Grayson,"Utterly disappointing. I really liked the premise, but the game just doesn't deliver. Awful visuals, mediocre audio, and a world that is barren, lifeless, and dull instead of charming and funny. Poor instructions for anything, and controls are weak.What really killed it for me was just the lack of excitement. Houses are literally just doors where you interact to open a loot box (most of which is useless garbage - why?), and there's just not much that happens. Lasted less than 30 minutes before I gave up out of boredom."
,Not Recommended,242880,14001938,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,boneyqbert-JimboTimboPowboHowbo,"looks terrible, hard to control, impossibly hard, and just plain stupid. I got this on sale for only 2 dollars and it even isn't worth that. dont make the mistake i made and get this game."
,Recommended,242880,12449577,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jatrick,"Addicting and fun game, only needs battle music."
76561198115715679,Not Recommended,242880,8060977,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,eborg92509,"I think this is a great looking game and I know it is in early access, so I'm confident my mouse problem will be fixed with a upcoming patch. My problem is when I start the game, my Microsoft optical mouse just points at the ground and spins. This means I can't plan the game at all!  GROAN!"
76561198061176269,Recommended,242880,12471655,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Leifmee,Best game ever
,Recommended,242880,13051422,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Silk Road - frosty,"My god, This game, This game ladies and gentleman, is the definition of Gamer ♥♥♥♥♥♥420/10 Would Blaze Again"
76561197982565433,Not Recommended,242880,18736095,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ruwagrong,Wait 10 minutes for level to load...level loaded...look at rock...get shot...die................restart.....Run...crouch...Run...crouch...Run...crouch...wait.....................Run...crouch...Run...crouch...wait......screenshot...Run...crouch...wait..........Run...crouch...Run...crouch...screenshot (finally) captured...Run...crouch...Die......uninstall
,Not Recommended,242880,18461564,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Nugget,"Bought it on a whim, but it just wasn't for me."
,Recommended,242880,26908419,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vice,brexit simulator
,Not Recommended,242880,24089108,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Violently Happy,"On your way to find the quest items you run around on very British islands and you search for stuff which can help you to trick the hunting villager robots and to avoid starving to death, while your actions are occasionally commented by a British accent imitator.This game is based on a good idea but it needs more content and density to make it fun to play. I could imagine explorable houses and a crafting system. Also, get rid of the annoying robots. They only interfere with my looting and exploring.If you really like hide and seek, you could give it a try. At this state I wouldn't buy it again."
76561198028043855,Not Recommended,242880,10008585,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Peen,it's♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,242880,26060955,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,IX,Bad.
,Recommended,242880,12324010,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Midnight Crumpet,I got hunted....
,Recommended,242880,32114247,Posted: 1 June,all,NikolA,"Well,i dont know what to do in this game,but when i watch it on youtube it looks super fun,anyways i recomend this"
,Not Recommended,242880,31748797,Posted: 14 May,all,[-Timtif-],LAAANGWEILIG
76561197992970282,Recommended,242880,10057568,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Denny Crane,"This is a British made video game and I must say I am impressed. Hard to master but fun to play, you will need all your wits and a reminder why the US became an independent country. With every new island comes new challenges that add new types of robots. Denny Crane."
,Not Recommended,242880,33155450,Posted: 2 July,all,Socksyyy,dull
76561198208457549,Not Recommended,242880,29886265,Posted: 12 February,all,[82DK] ZYKLON BAE,i shouldnt have to rely on out of game material to figure out how to play
,Not Recommended,242880,15893654,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Ashtray Lacey,"Where's the multiplayer, you lying British♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198046675266,Recommended,242880,12270344,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"This game is really challenging but pretty fun. I only played it in the Aplha stage so I haven't seen what's new.But your character is being hunted down by robots, constantly trying find ways to keep yourself alive and escaping them for good.A very interesting and unique game.7/10"
,Not Recommended,242880,7957620,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Deus Sinistro,"You can see by the majority of users playing the game, they have fewer than 3 hrs. That is because the game wears out it's specialty during the first 30mins and then becomes just a pure boring game."
76561198152722717,Not Recommended,242880,30626735,Posted: 19 March,all,necrophilic tuna,dont make the smame mistake i did the game is years old and has very little done to it costs 20 bucks sounds like a game worth a damn no its still a skeleton
,Not Recommended,242880,23149711,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,Cannot recommend. Just didn't hit the spot for me. 2/10.
76561198006986577,Not Recommended,242880,24034290,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"Yeah so like, there's robots that hunt you and kill you while you're...well, you're not entirely certain.  A stealth game in which you sneak around a steal stuff out of robots' doors and starve to death.  The game needs more to do and some more balancing and a UI & inventory overhaul and...well quite a bit.  You can play with a friend which is neat and all, but it doesn't make this game worth playing in my opinion."
76561198042593522,Not Recommended,242880,7765681,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Namajefferonni,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is, in essence, a poor man's DayZ.It's stealth mechanics are lacking some depth, and in general,your objectives lack much meaning, you kind of just go towhere the game pushes you. I found myself sprinting pastenemies instead of sneaking around them with barely anyrepercussions, simply running past their shots as if it werenothing.This may be an issue with me or my attitude towards the game,but this game isn't really a good example of an early accessrelease in that i have little to no reason to want to return to it.The point of Early-Access is to create an atmosphere and a bitof hype for a game that would otherwise go un-noticed uponrelease, but i found myself telling friends not to buy the gameas apposed to telling them to, or even describing its betterqaulities.The way I see it, there are only two solutions.1. Wait for the full release and see if it's any better.Or2. Buy DayZ instead..."
76561197981441664,Not Recommended,242880,12707492,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,"Sir, you are being bored."
,Not Recommended,242880,30040440,Posted: 19 February,all,Shawked,Enh
,Not Recommended,242880,9995649,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,hammersly,boring
76561198300101912,Recommended,242880,28773931,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,Coop game bruh
76561198058342657,Not Recommended,242880,16911083,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,sittingduck,"My grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him ""if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately."" Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "" dont ever smoke.Please dont put your family through  what your grandfather put us through."" i agreed. at 28, i have never touched a cigarette. i must say, i feel a verry slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
76561198093062681,Not Recommended,242880,9686121,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,taranfeather,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198184884459,Recommended,242880,34283183,Posted: 16 August,all,Haramboy,funbuyyes
76561198067219045,Recommended,242880,22576222,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,HalfPint,Cool game
,Not Recommended,242880,29440716,Posted: 23 January,all,The Gaming Arcade,Good game but not worth $20 usd
,Not Recommended,242880,29753449,Posted: 6 February,all,dobo,"Unfinished and unpolished trash. Amazing concept with great potential, shame this is how it turned out."
76561198023600883,Not Recommended,242880,29045945,Posted: 5 January,all,julian_aureliano_cienfuegos,"Im 28 with kids and a full time job at a start up where I work more than 8 hours a day. I just wanted to jump in and start shooting some robots and sneaking around them and such. Instead I feel like i explored 2 whole islands and had only a single encouner with robots and it wasnt that difficult. If you're busy and just want a quick fun game to eff around a little after work, this didnt do that for me. I imagine younger people with less responsibility might enjoy the open world. What the hell is up with all the useless stuff too. Actually I though that was an an interesting twist because in most games all the pickups are very useful."
76561198026211523,Not Recommended,242880,34162602,Posted: 10 August,all,Bolt VanderHuge,No textures for anything in game. Can't believe this is being sold on steam.
,Not Recommended,242880,12853398,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Spook Rooster,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198289100653,Not Recommended,242880,26349388,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,engimouse33,it sucks
,Recommended,242880,25405213,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,✪ Jacob1z,"My brother told me to run away from the robots when I saw one, hell no just shoot them. 8/8"
76561198062971754,Not Recommended,242880,34383896,Posted: 20 August,all,EXTREME SLAV SQUATER,dfbejguifgnjfnfnfjkbfkmwanhjhnfbsfbsbdfbsdhfndjfgfjgmndkgnfdjkgnfdjgnfdgmdslkgmfdjklfgnmdfkgngfjkgnfdkjgnfdkjgnkl;jgnslgndzfhksgbggjgfuoiyikto-[ijfdojfkesmdokf d  iidfkjdfnfijdsiodsgfdngldffhgkgfhLookAtTheUpdatesjdnsfndsjnfsdgnsjdgntkjhnigjndhsbsdlfbndbvbdhbdfbdshfdffhdbhkdjgndjnhjgndshdsbfhdsbfkhdbdhjkfdsghlifaofdhsgjihglv nj gifiludgbvndsfhfdsuwhfdhskufn abkutdfgdgdfgejomoghnjdonslgijnfgjrnsbhfjkgrhnjbgfhgbhjgbfhsgbkslb
,Not Recommended,242880,29922641,Posted: 14 February,all,Wulfe,♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,242880,29530652,Posted: 27 January,all,Fight Aaaaaah,.
76561198032065705,Not Recommended,242880,29912740,Posted: 13 February,all,Jack_Wagon,"The graphics are too N64 level, the key binding doesn't stay, the controls are too awkward, and the humor (humour?) is too British."
,Not Recommended,242880,16331507,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,tony hawk mousepad,Smells a♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,242880,7850527,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Хламидиоцентра,no tutorial. boriiing.
,Not Recommended,242880,25663501,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Flakey🎈,Stupid British dolls running around with rifles.
,Not Recommended,242880,7957904,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,siegeh25,"Awful stealth systemdevs refusing to make you go in buildingsweak storyboring gameplayand not a good survival game, you're better off spending your money on better survival or stealth games"
76561198031744807,Recommended,242880,18386411,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,☭☭☭☭Robert☭☭☭☭,yesh
,Recommended,242880,18387581,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Garenator,"Kind of like DayZ except instead of Zombies you are hunted by British Robots, complete with pipes and mustaches.Great mix of humor, stealth and survival"
76561198012990041,Recommended,242880,10424808,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Bedlam,"Early access for this game made me question my purchase at some points, but I am honestly glad i made that purchase. The full version is infinitely more polished and playable. I highly recomend this game to essentially all audiences."
,Recommended,242880,10428245,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Special Marshmallow Funnel,"Sir and/or Madam,You should consider purchasing this fine entertainment product. I have taken the liberty of personally previewing it myself and can reveal to you its delightful secrets. Simulating an unlikely otherworldly situation, you will be hunted by robots through a series of 5 different and randomly-generated islands designed by the developers to resemble the fine British countryside. The verisimilitude of the setting is quite striking and you will surely marvel at the beauty of the thing while shotgun wielding tin cans try to blast your head off!There are a variety of things to find in aid of escaping the archipelago including weapons, distractions and the necessary nourishment to see you through the ordeal. You can deal with your hunters in different ways, and must consider stealth and deception a primary means of remaining alive.There are limitations, of course, and there is perhaps a limit to how many times you might wish to revisit this joyful simulation. There is a chance to define how the islands are randomly generated in the latest retrofitting of the code, but overall once you have figured out how to deal with the problems and accomplish your glorious escape (perhaps after a few lethal mishaps), there isn't much left to draw you back.Worth the asking price for your own copy, Sir/Madam."
76561198119280508,Recommended,242880,10430004,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Prideofgallifrey,"Best game I've played in a long time, well worth the $19.99. Very happy with the new update."
,Recommended,242880,10433158,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,redscissors3,pure genius.
76561198019604637,Recommended,242880,10184727,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Heretix,I found this to be a fun game.  The low metacritic score kinda blows my mind.  One thing I would recommend doing is turning off the enemy indicators before you play.  Adds to the suspense for sure.
,Recommended,242880,10293603,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Tanswagger99x,i love this game. the details and everything put into the game is stunning and amazing. im still learnning how to play it even though  i got it on christmas i hope the company keepsmupdating the graphics and everything
,Recommended,242880,10294216,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,lidstah,"Stealth, tweed, robots. Stealth, robot dogs, traps, run.Tense, special atmosphere, lots of humoristic stuff, constant development since beta. Can't wait for coop multiplayer (oh, yeah, let's flank'em, put some traps, attract them, with your best friends :))"
76561198084354942,Recommended,242880,10361213,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Darkstriker,"This is a Must have game if you are into games like Amnesia, but this game is played more for laughs, with the rare exception of the constant reminder that YOU ARE BEING HUNTED."
,Recommended,242880,7513269,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Supernova,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥scary. I would highly reccomend it if you want a good scare and love stealth games
76561198023147596,Recommended,242880,8377120,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,*L!G*|sheep551,"I say good sir!This game blew the socks my mother knitted me last christmas right off my feet! Dispite normally whileing away my days playing cricket or eating scones I was struck at what sport it was to be hunted through the brush. At first I had no clue what to do but that was quickly sorted as I gathered a collection of goods and set off to find pieces of a strange machine.                               As I paddled from island to island i discovered the biome system and the vast changes between the islands. One was dark and filled with industrial objects while another kept to a country side feel.Being hunted is not the only thing to do while you are on these islands; you can hunt birds or robots, cook them up and enjoy a solid feast.All in all i find this game to be splendid and ask that the chums who work so tirelessly at it to carry on!"
,Recommended,242880,8428712,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Blue,"Fantastic game, very challenging yet not freakishly hard. The game itself reminds me a lot of Stranded II, Only a LOT better"
,Recommended,242880,8429806,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Finn The Human,"I absolutely love this game and it is definitely one of my new favorites.It really puts you on edge when the robots find you but you have nothing to defend yourself with.The updates are coming thick and fast too and there is always nice additions in them.You really have to buy this game to support these developers and you won't regret it, just don't play it late at night!"
76561198073873696,Recommended,242880,8417293,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,recklessiguana,One of the coolest games i have played in a while and multiplayer sounds awsome
,Recommended,242880,8392665,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,"""Frank Trips Balls""","The game still isn't Macbook friendly if you're using the pad as a mouse. So aiming is slightly difficult. I hope something they add is a Tap Right Click and Tap to Turn it Off option, that'd make gameplay a lot easier for me and other players. I am mainly looking forward to online multiplayer, I really think that will give this game the edge it needs, and will probably be the only way it is played. I predict many revolts on robot scum in the near future!"
76561198065535687,Recommended,242880,8203507,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,H2BO,Very fun stealth game!
,Recommended,242880,8519259,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Jacob,:D
76561198120584437,Recommended,242880,8618403,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,cthulhu18,good game a ew bugs as far as i have plaed only complaint i have it the sound of the robots. they sound there right next to you even when there a good bit away.
,Recommended,242880,8611744,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Finn The Human,"very interesting, tense, and at times even scary. If you choose the right character that is. The game shows alot of promise"
,Recommended,242880,8722275,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,mrd.jetzal,fun game.
76561197970780957,Recommended,242880,8986171,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Kelnorxv,Tough and extremly rewarding cant w8 for the finshed product!
,Recommended,242880,6658512,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,PrizModo,"An amazingly fun and quite funny ""horror"" game (not in the slightest) plus has good mechanics for alpha."
76561197983830786,Recommended,242880,9958935,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,PaintedHimself,"Amazing indie game! At first i saw the graphics and was turned off but then after an hour or two i became addicted. The trick to this game is to get a gun. Dont use the gun unless absolutely necessary, try to sneak through towns and collect loot. The goal is to find a finite amount of mysterious objects scattered across 5 randomly generated islands.Gotta say this game is a must play for indie fans"
76561198009973965,Recommended,242880,9862312,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Winged Fire,"Overall, a very fun, tense, and comical survival game.The atmosphere feels perfect. Especially when the sun goes down and you jump at any sound that sounds remotely like a bleep and/or bloop. I've yet to find a gun through my few attepts but I've managed to get by with using rocks for distractions when I need to. Improvising should be something you should always keep in mind while playing. Your butler Walters also helps you get an idea of what you should be doing upon your first time playing.There are a few things that can and WILL screw you over though. Such as the robot's pathing glitching into eachother...on one of the pieces you need to collect. The music (being very well done btw) is a bit of an annoyance. It starts playing when you need to keep your ears open when you've got your face buried in some shrubery and is completely silent when you're being chased.If you can overlook the small problems/bugs you find in the game then I would say, buy it. you'll get a lot of fun out of it and you won't regret it. Unless they release a patch that breaks the game forever. Then I imagine you would."
76561197968662214,Recommended,242880,9863365,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Gibblehgah,"It's a fun and challenging game, its come a long way from when I bought it and I still enjoy it. I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys stealthy FPS games. I'd like to see additional content for the singleplayer game such as functioning buildings and perhaps some undersground areas (like the english tube system could be interesting) I enjoy the outdoor feel for the game but  I'd like to see less large open areas and more dungeon'ish content. You can easily sidestep most of the mobs without just a little patience and to me, it can get a little too easy. Overall, the game is fun and worth the investment and I'm sure the multiplayer content will extend its shelf like even longer."
76561198060306769,Recommended,242880,7452472,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Rick,"This is a great Indie game to support and purchase; I feel as though other titles such as Rust, DayZ, and Nether are blocking this one out. While it is only singleplayer at the moment, you can spend many a good hours playing this, as I'm already on my second playthrough. It's got stealth, looting for items, firearm and melee combat, laying traps for enemies, deploying clever distractions to attract enemies, and vitality (hunger and thirst combined), among many other things. With every update more enemies are added, more items, more gameplay aspects, and sometimes more weapons. It's a great singleplayer game to buy when it's on sale - you'll have great fun with this game!"
,Recommended,242880,9996927,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Aw jeez,Killed by robit kraken.
,Recommended,242880,9997680,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,slayer25-9,"This is an intense game! You will spend most of your time either hiding in bushes, running for your f****** life, or shooting and getting shot in return.You can scavenge for food and supplies to keep yourself alive or to fight back against the robots. In this game you must find the pieces to a machine you built that exploded all while you are being hunted.Each time you play is different because the world is procedurally generated so there's no getting used to the map and remembering where all the pieces are.Would run again. 10/10"
,Recommended,242880,9998416,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Baron von Rekt-hofen,Get killed by robots. Such is life.A superbly fun game that you should play or you will miss out.
76561197989467530,Recommended,242880,7396008,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,comitatensis,"Even if it is an early access, i can say thais is the best of early access i ever had (i have had quite a few).Not only  the community and the devs are efficient and sympathetic, but also the game in itself is worth a thousand words. So simple, yet so complex. So evident, yet so brain-knotting.Long story short : if you are still hesitant about this game, then your iq equal the square root of an oyster. And i mean it!"
,Recommended,242880,10000882,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Hu_man,"In an era of stealth games that miss the mark, this game gets a rather lot spot on. For me, it scratches that hidey-sneaky itch that has proven elusive since the age of the original Thief titles. Sir is not without its flaws. A dabbling player should expect to die a bit and get put off without a robust dose of patence. The cartoonesque weapons contrast gauchely with the more realistic other objects (compare the trombone and the shotgun in the trailer). It is my expectation that better models will be added in time. And, granted, these are rather minor nits in an otherwise strong performance. Good show, Big Robot. Good show!"
,Recommended,242880,10001360,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Mayor Bob,"GOOD GAME, GET NOW!!"
,Recommended,242880,10002077,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Mong,great bord day game gets very tense highly recomend it
76561198065480790,Recommended,242880,10002544,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Zippy,"Murder robots, get murdered by robots, get scared by a teleporting scarecrow, boat to a new island, drown in the wrath of a giant aquatic robot, eat some dubious bread... Although the difficulty is hard, it is fun whether you are being hunted or are being the hunter. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242880,10002553,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Durandal,"This is an excellent game loosely resembling S.T.A.L.K.E.R if it was made by a smaller studio in a different country. A bit horror, a bit comedy, a bit action, and extremely British to the very core."
,Recommended,242880,8288174,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Nymbo,Why have they waited till 2013 to make this game?!?!
,Recommended,242880,7459544,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Lil Magee,As it says in the desc its still in alpha but still can give you the quiet scare that you may expect from a game such as this. I recommed it to anyone that likes free roam - rpg horror type games. And get it while the offer lasts to play it on halloween :3
76561198058690930,Recommended,242880,8117677,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,2damaxx182,"Excellent idea and concept, the whole point the game is to teach you patience, take your time, gather your resources. Everyone wants to run and gun and gather all the peices in one sitting. Not gonna happen, but if you truly invest yourself in this game and stick it out till the end the feeling of accomplishment when you actually do it is very worth it."
,Recommended,242880,8159294,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,SlickBigChinn,"This is an extremely interesting game concept and so far a great game to play. This is an extremely challenging game and not for the faint of heart. Most of your time will be spent crouching trying to find more supplies until you finally find a gun. Once you find that gun and your heart leaps with joy, you'll become a little less fearful as you creep around trying to find the pieces you need. Game is already pretty hard to begin with and will only continuously get harder with the future updates. Overall I highly recommend this game as it is an extremely unique game and really fun."
,Recommended,242880,8159326,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Madrak,Great game!
,Recommended,242880,8194709,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Baxter E. McGee,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted, as far as early access games go is on the path to a truly decent survival game, with certain potential. If you have doubts on whether to buy it, it may make sense to buy it when it reaches its later stages or release. It is a game that is worth spending significant amounts of time on. 7/10 in its current form, but the idea of the game means that when it actually comes out, I reckon it will go up to an 8."
,Recommended,242880,8195022,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[SVFT] Majored Laxness,Good game. Can be tough at times. Probably worth picking up in a sale.
,Recommended,242880,8227973,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Phillipe de Villiers,"One thing is certain about this game, PURE BRITISHNESS!!! I have never laughed so much in the face of fear at the fact that bumbling British robots are chasing after me with shotguns, blunderbusses and dogs, Never have I found it so amusing to ambush unsuspecting hunters or scavange for food. Pure brilliant, we need more games like this."
,Recommended,242880,8242910,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Bear,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a game where you take on the role of a Sir or Madam and are placed in a randomly generated terrain based off of the British Isles.  You have two goals: assemble pieces of some sort of mysterious artifact to return home, and most importantly survive.Surviving is easier said than done, however, with well armed hunters, poachers, robodogs, and even a scarecrow that follows you around all trying to exterminate you.  Even if you get your hands on a gun the sound of gunfire will attract other nearby robots and they will rush to your location to investigate, so attacking quickly and quietly with an axe is your best option if you can't avoid a fight.  You have a vitality meter which acts as a hunger meter that you have to constantly keep your eyes on.  You can't run most of the time unless you're positive the coast is clear, for these robots have 2000x2000 vision and will instantly spot you.This is not the game for you if you desire a casual romp through the fields, and it's unlikely the devs will make it any easier.You will run, you will hide, you will loot, you will kill and almost certainly be killed.  Sleep with one eye open and bring some extra tea bags for it's hunting season, and you're the prey!"
76561198070608534,Recommended,242880,8245004,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DongSlaps,Great game! Always challenging but incredibly flexable to your style of play. Looking forward to all the future updates..especially multiplayer!
,Recommended,242880,8228928,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dead Gaiko,"One of the most tense yet brilliantly charming games I've ever played! Finish your cup of tea, take a deep breath, and sit yourself down for a great gaming experience!"
76561197981263671,Recommended,242880,8232231,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,NIИTENDOFORTYSIX&2,"Really cool game, but it's in desperate need of a tutorial. Also, I'd like for the gamepad support to improve, as it is it's pretty bare bones."
,Recommended,242880,8234990,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Deus Auxilium,"Sir you are being hunted is quite a wonderfull game.So far it is in alpha but it with the coming updates and tweaks to the game it will be even better, it is a fps survival game but is also kind of like a horror just from seeing the robots and getting chased by them is horrifying enough for me. basically you are stranded on a island filled with british robots that are out to hunt you down as if you are game, there is 5 islands that each ahve 7 fragments that you must collect in order to escape.take heart though since you can find weapons to defend you self from the robots whilst you find your fragments as well as random objects you can throw to distract them.i have heard their will be multiplay for the game as well in the future so it will be a good game and i recomend it getting whenever you can."
,Recommended,242880,8371869,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Newman,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted fun challenging yet extremely puzzling if you like stealth games that provide challenging enemies this is for you plus they might add multiplayer!"
,Recommended,242880,7982969,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,\m/ Strelok \m/,Perfektní hra a strašná zábava
,Recommended,242880,7983884,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Gia/Fin,EXTERMINATE-Dalek
76561197985416810,Recommended,242880,7985041,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,BestPhar^8],This good fun if y have time...
76561198061461903,Recommended,242880,7988240,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,したのフィリピンの龍,It is a great indie game that could make it big.
76561198062561879,Recommended,242880,7988642,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,REDHEADREDEMPTION,Well my laptop sucks at running games so i can't really play this very easily. It does seem fun and hopefully i'll get a good gaming computer
76561198029095841,Recommended,242880,7989016,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,EmergencyTurtle,It'll put lead in your pencil!
76561198086162454,Recommended,242880,9264112,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Mr. Mosquito,"Sir You Are Being Hunted isn't the average run and gun, blow everything up in your path type deal. This game really puts your stealth, strategic, thinking skills to the test in all ways possible! If your a person who likes to be a ninja stay in the shadows of the night grab all the loot and get out of town without being detected than this is a game for YOU!! Don't worry if you like running and gunning than it wont be your favourite game but if you stick with it long enough and save your ammo you might be able to go on a killing spree!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thanks for taking the time to read this and hope you buy the game!"
,Recommended,242880,9505694,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,John Smith,"Based on the old beta I played, I kina liked it. So far was fun in finding stuff. I recommend gamemaker for beginners, but I started so, so I had to find things. Gameplay was repititive, throwing noises to grab the star and run back and forth. SOmetimes you can even run up and grab the star in their faces and run away alive. I also don't know for a fact but try to follow the blue bugs. Believe they are telling you where the star is. 7/10"
,Recommended,242880,9444406,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Jr Jam,"sir stop being sired, and now thers 0 juice"
,Recommended,242880,9461437,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Craigs and Bacon,This is a very fun game to play. It can get frustraiting at some times but it is still very cool.
,Recommended,242880,9535388,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,JohannesMikko,"Sir You Are Being Hunted is a cartoony-looking, stealth, and een scary game. The best way to describe this game is overwelmingly Brittish.  One last thing, scarecrows."
76561198070955530,Recommended,242880,9556426,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Zens,"generally a good game seeing its being in alpha, game play similar to many survival games, fps is slow though, and my mouse is way to sensitive, their's lot's of good in this games future. good buy"
,Recommended,242880,9441846,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Max0880,"awesome game! its the best stealth survival ive ever seen, and it's also a randomly generated open world map!"
76561198066441674,Recommended,242880,9442748,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Mr. Sparkle,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is challenging and tense, with an excellent atmosphere."
76561197993588787,Recommended,242880,9418443,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Sandormen,"I can really recommend this game.Be warned. It is not intended for easily disturbed minds.You are being hunted. There is a slight possibility You will be shot.Be very sneaky about it. Don't be a hero. Heroes dies.Sneak cowardly around. Found a gun? Think twice about using it.The hunters are attracted to the sound, like mechanics are to the musk of WD40.Now, then. Do You have the stamina and patience? No? Well, then. Step away from the game for a while, have a great day out in the sun, then come back to later.If You are, on the other hand, a nerdrager, Keep someone next to You that can tell You that You MUST relax. Being hunted is stressful, but it is only a game. -A good stressful game, that is."
76561198101733662,Recommended,242880,9073517,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,luwisner,"this game is very hard. once you shoot, they all find you. any way, veyr cool"
76561198057792235,Recommended,242880,9076817,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Conway Twitty,"fun to play through once, every class but the Officer is a load of♥♥♥♥♥cheeks. buy it on a sale"
,Recommended,242880,9092868,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Grandpa Junior The 7th,"I havent played it on my actual pc because right now its absolute crap. but I played on a friends computer and THIS IS THE BEST THING SINCE SOMETHING AWESOME THAT I CAN'T THINK OF OFF THE TOP OF MY HEAD!!!!It's like dayz but with robots using guns. This game may be an alpha but, it is too good to pass up10 outta 1014 somethings out of 5more scores that dont make sense.get this now. please. This game will hug you with its awesome."
,Recommended,242880,9095010,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,els3y,"This is pretty good for a game in alpha, yet it has a lot to have done to it. Such as, the graphics seem far from finished, yet the artstyle is engaging and interesting and feels like it will get a lot better in the full game. The AI is good, but it doesn't interact with the enviroment very well. For instance, the enemies will get stuck, and occasionally see you through the enviroment you're supposed to hide in for no reason at all. It gives a not-so-much ""horror"" atmosphere as much as just being tense and suspenseful, you feel like you're always being watched. Overall, this is a good game with an intuitive artstyle and and a good feel to it, and I recommend buying it if you're looking for something ""different""."
,Recommended,242880,9095863,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KidIkari,"If you have an irrational fear of robots, love survival horror and consider yourself a patient gamer - look no further.  The game is a work in progress, so don't expect to be blown away by fantastic visuals at the moment.  The situation you find yourself in paired with a dark atmosphere is compelling."
,Recommended,242880,9096495,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Banjo Kaboom,"Great take on a roguelike, steampunk themed. Early access is looking amazing so far."
,Recommended,242880,8802660,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,SpadraigGaming,"Best, British, Horror, Stealth, Robot shooting, Tea drinking, just plain old fun game out there!"
76561198021202395,Recommended,242880,9319897,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Paul_RD,Awesome
,Recommended,242880,8712159,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,<>,"It is pretty good it is like a survival horror game, it doesnt look like it would be scary but it really is"
,Recommended,242880,8716677,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,bug12lm,This has to me one of the spookyist games out there ive only played for a little while but it is brilliant!! i feel the best way to play this game is with headphones on and turned right up so when those pesky robots start shooting wou will be jumping out of your seat and instantly want to run in the other direction! as survival games go i give this 10/10
76561198093066653,Recommended,242880,8760922,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Axlw,This game is amazing! Definitely worth picking up.
76561198076832097,Recommended,242880,7677383,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,CaptianKiwi,"I sware your heart stops when the robot's spot you. A good mix of humor in there, too, though."
,Recommended,242880,9366343,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,MDT.Chocoman,"Sir is a very action packed stelth em up. its still being tweeked, but it is still very enjoyable.9/10"
76561198123976588,Recommended,242880,9369670,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bossa_Cygni,"it's a intresting game. not your usal game you would normally pick up from a store or online, but worth a good, only played it for a short time, but i can tell im going to get my teeth into this game, and many times im going to rage at it. defo worth it i think :)"
,Recommended,242880,9388761,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Cosmosis,"Sir is, in a word, brilliant. The concept may seem whimsical or a little bit ridiculous, but the game has its fair share of great moments. The thrill of finding your first weapon, downing your first robot... wonderful. The game works well, plays well, has a great variety of items and item uses to keep you entertained. The islands are fun to explore, the visibility system works well enough, and the game is not easy; nor is it overly difficult. It finds a good balance, and is one of the few recent games that works well with set save points.Also, since it's early access, there are the occasional texture bug or whatnot, but for the most part, the entire game is very fluid. All I'd really like to see added are higher res textures, even more items (to add upon the already great selection available), more island environments and perhaps even more islands eventually. Definitely pick this up if you have the chance."
76561198103220969,Recommended,242880,9388899,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Traps Are Gay,One of the silliest-then-tensest games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. More than worth the $20 I spent on it.
,Recommended,242880,8339581,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheHairyMerman,pretty sweet game. P.S dont go in the water!
,Recommended,242880,7627503,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Capt. Big Dick,"Very challenging survival, sir."
,Recommended,242880,8846381,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Flucks,This game is way more scarier than most AAA games.10 brown underwear stains out of 10
76561198047691873,Recommended,242880,8750946,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,WOGSTA100,"SIR, YOU MUST PLAY THIS GAME!In all seriousness though play this game if you love stealthy games that give you a good laugh and allow you to be creative. This game also allows you to thrive to survive allowing you to scaveneg for weapons, traps. food and even liquor. It is a great game and you will be silly not to play it"
76561197974744742,Recommended,242880,8547986,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Soldat,"This game is nerve rackingly fun.  I have a gun but shot my one bullet and missed :(  Now, how to get more bullets?  Hopefully, I will come across more.I am looking forward to the future enhancements to this game."
76561198091839395,Recommended,242880,8347877,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ShittyWizard,"If you are like me you might be curious but also holding back. Thats how i was but five mins into playing I was an exited and jummpy at the same time. The game is about stealth, and is dose a good job. 1 second i feel safe the next im terrified. I strongly recomend this game especialy if your into stealthy kind of games."
,Recommended,242880,8581181,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Stardust,"the first game to make me say ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; at someone not even looking at me"
,Recommended,242880,10522565,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Daddy Poop Slapper,This is one of the most beautiful games ever never gets old. All it needs is co-op and preferebly more guns and weapons.
,Recommended,242880,10536233,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kartoffelkopf,Charmingly funny !
,Recommended,242880,10592295,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Vusel,Caught myself in my own beartrap and smoked one last pipe before being brutally slaughtered by a legion of gentlemanly robots.10/10
76561198041368969,Recommended,242880,10617220,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TheRealNigelThornberry,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted, is aa unique and fun game.  I love the game and would recommend it because it's funny, fun, and it also provides moments where things are very tense.  Getting stuck hiding in grass while there are robots, horses, and dogs sweeping the area, can be nervewracking.  The only things that I don't like about it, are how the dogs can instantly put you down, and as far as I can tell, all you can do is just sit there and do nothing.  The giant landowner is the same way, but he's supposed to be powerful.  I would suggest making the moment when a dog downs you a quicktime event where you shake the mouse.  That way, the player will feel like they're actually doing something, instead of just struggling for nothing.  Aside from that, the game is really fun, and that small problem isn't enough to stop me from loving everything else about it."
76561197972359105,Recommended,242880,10616327,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,HairyEgg,"Fantastic Game, Great Humour and hours of fun. Well worth a purchase!!"
76561198012243062,Recommended,242880,10220109,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,The_mossman85,This game is an interesting package. It's a stealth/survival game that is both cute and creepy at different times.Walking through a graveyard at night to the sound of robots nearby is actually extremely eerie.Even if the robots are cockney hunters puffing cigars and saying 'tallyho'It's a good time either way.Recommended.
,Recommended,242880,10224276,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,balistic,"Tense, atmospheric, first-person survival game, with enough humor to relieve some of the stress. Totally worth full price."
76561198027522239,Recommended,242880,10225056,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Zagger,Ate a mushroom and got drunk...10/10(Will write a better review later)
76561198043708369,Recommended,242880,10580478,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,darkkeeper,Fun game. Not a lot of hand holding in this game which makes it satisfying when you figure something out. The idea for the game is solid but not exactly what I expected.
76561198113945185,Recommended,242880,10581789,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,RetroNoirSpider,This game was quite a surprise to me. Love the stealth aspect of it and the tension of hiding from hunting robots. The thrill of grabbing that artifact and running for your life. Hiding in the grass hoping that you don't get spotted by the patrols. The thrill of both fight and flight in this game is very rewarding. It's a wonderful survival experience. Makes me want tea though.
,Recommended,242880,10147168,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Myrkrinnir,"A pretty sick chilled survival game. Quirky and creepy at stages. There is still room for further development but hey, let's be honest, there always is and since it's steam updates should rock on in every now and then."
76561198054055722,Recommended,242880,10208217,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Khurgul,"Lots of fun!!! This game can be a little frustrating at first, but once you get the hang of it, you will end up loving it."
,Recommended,242880,8864265,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,JФsephi KяФkФwski,"This game is jaw dropping. The atmosphere is amazing. I have some ideas that would make this game even better1. Multiplayer2.being able to go inside the houses,shacks,and factories.3. vehicles like those old wind up cars (not the toy ones) ,hot air ballons,steam train,steam boat.ect4. A mode for surviving and building a base.5. new guns6. make it more realistic by adding thirst and sleep.7. I know the game is still in alpha but can you add hands its wierd seeing mu gun float infront of me. (sorry minor idea.)"
,Recommended,242880,9007854,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,59TomahawkMissiles,Really fun and scary! When I first saw that water thing I almost crapped my pants!
76561198025008414,Recommended,242880,3584526,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Sigrún,"Tally ho, gentleman! What, what! Aha! Patagonia! Tigers! Sean Connery! None of these things can be found within Sir, You Are being Hunted. Instead, you can be assailed by gentlemanly automotons! Jolly good, old chaps!"
,Recommended,242880,9041136,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Jarinex,"A little rough around the edges, but from what I've played it has been a fun experience. This game has some great potential."
,Recommended,242880,7464728,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Shorokin,Nice and tense survival horror. It rewards cunning and planning... but also a little bit of dumb luck. Captures the rural England vibe perfectly and you will change your pants after being spotted for the first time.And it's only in alpha!
,Recommended,242880,7452942,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,PudgePaw ∴,"While this game is still in a bit of a development stage, the core mechanics all work rather well. The stealth is a little buggy, in your favor however. Robots can stroll right up to you so long as your visiblity meter is low enough. Combat and evasion is difficult, but exciting, and the envorinments give off a very nice atmosphere. There's no quicksaving, and there's alot of parts for your escape machine to get, so if you're into sneaking around and fooling your pursuers, this is up your alley.I'm also really looking forward to their multiplayer they'll impliment later down the road. I can only imagine how fun it'll be slithering around with friends in an attempt to pull one over on the calvery~ Til then, it's about as close as one can get in terms of a British Escape-the-evil-robots simulator as we can get."
,Recommended,242880,8778080,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Rasmus,"This game is awesome! It takes some getting used to; how to survive, acquire weapons, heal, take on all of the different enemies, but once you figure it out it is easier, but still challenging!"
76561197973800026,Recommended,242880,9117730,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Charrsasaurus,"For pure inzanity (Insanity + Zanyness) no game is better. Prepare to be tracked and hunted down by tweed and kilt wearing robots in the Scottish countryside. But also be prepared to be murdered by all sorts of craziness, from a robot dog, to a giant robot kraken all while living on a diet of pickled eggs, fruit cakes, and tea. But watch out for the hot air balloon pilots, they'll get you good."
,Recommended,242880,8775617,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Imaginarypie,"i love it, my gf loves it, and i cant wait to see whats next! deffinatly pick it up for only 20 or wait for a steam sale!"
,Recommended,242880,9621837,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Guns of the King,"Very good first person survival game that has a simple story line but a lot of great deal gameplay. though it can be infuriating ""Sir/Madame, you are being hunted."" is a game I recomend!"
76561198062395594,Recommended,242880,9670360,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Squishie,"Pros:-Rich atmosphere-Challenging, Rewarding-CreativeCons:-Animations often feel clunkyOverall it's fun, and rewarding"
,Recommended,242880,7452436,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Bombraker (Midas),"Gameplay is nice. It's a tencefull environment, with lots of scary sneaking moments. Don't like the fact that robots can actually look trough the grass that does block your own vision. Diversity of enemies is nice, I have seen quite a lot that I don't want to come close to.- Art is low-quality and poor (especially the textures). But animations are quite nice.- Sound Design is quite nice too, music fits the game. Gun sounds are a bit generic.-A.I. is quite good, altough enemies can still look trough grass (that DOES block the player's vision).-Overall a nice game, and good concept, hope that they expand it for the best in the future!7/10"
,Recommended,242880,9717334,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Jimmy Rustle,"This indie gem is well worth a close look at. Procedurally generated terrain, many innovative systems, and this is only the end of alpha."
,Recommended,242880,6209278,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,G-of-GM Mikiblack,Well if you like a survival game and being hunted then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,242880,10951953,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Aceu,10/10 Had a pet scarecrow follow me around. Would Play again.
,Recommended,242880,18798768,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Shotek,God safe The Machine
76561197981590215,Recommended,242880,18829713,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Noily,"Super fun that will certainly test your skill.Have not even tried the MP version yet, still having too much fun with the SP.Just read all the other reviews and then waste no time in adding it to your game library.A top notch piece of entertainment :-)"
76561198064434403,Recommended,242880,18477593,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Link10103,"Wasnt much of a fan of this. I spawned in, literally took 20 steps to some nearby woods to search a shack, immediately got shot in the back by 5 robots.Not much of an issue really seeing as how my save/spawn point was a stone's throw away.Spawn back in, ♥♥♥♥ed off in the opposite direction of the spooky woods to a set of houses. I searched about 20 houses between the starting island and the East island and never found any kind of weapon...plenty of vitality foods and a few bandage, but no weapons.The game says the worlds are generated in a way I would assume is similar to Dont Starve, but they are really open and bland.Just doesnt seem to be my cup of tea, even on sale for only 2 bucks I dont feel much like wanting to play it more than I already have. If you can get past the open-ness with nothing to it and overall blandness, it seems like a solid enough game though."
76561198129103830,Recommended,242880,18478706,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,pandamaster,geat game needs local multiplayer
76561198217351113,Recommended,242880,18477086,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,F-O.x,"This  game really earns its price its a great game for great money, really earns to buy it"
,Recommended,242880,18476165,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Macaronis,pretty cool game for 1.99
76561198034789289,Recommended,242880,18466857,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Messenger,"Hats off to you sirs and madames. This game is a bloody awesome spectacle of jiggery pokery. What what, cheerio, hip hip hooray for ""Sir, You are Being Hunted."" Graphics are a little ole school, circa 2007-ish. But what it lacks in sleek modern graphics it more than makes up for in addictive fun. Somewhat of a typical stealth game, but unique in its presentation. The complete lack of supplies makes this the ultimate challenge. You start with a handful of items, you pretty much have to figure out how things work for yourself, and you find so much useless junk that an empty bottle or rock you can throw suddenly becomes a great treasure. OMG, when you find an axe or a gun it's like the most epic loot ever.Basically you are a human (I think) trapped on a weird set of RANDOMLY GENERATED islands. How awesome is that for replayability. You look for these glowing meteorite-like rocks, then you have to lug them back to a certain location. So, no treasure hording, which I have to admit is very hard for an OCD dungeon sweeper like myself. You are constantly being hunted by clockwork robots with red glowing eyes, robot dogs, some weird stilt like creature, big ole robot constables, and more. You can stand and fight if you have weapons, but most of the time you have to use cunning and skill to sneak around them, distract them, or even lure them.Quite simply one of the better stealth games I have ever played. Simple, yet challenging. I grabbed it on sale for a pittance. But I would have gladly paid the full $20 if I had known it would be this much fun. I would easily put this up there with Thief, Dishonored, or any of the bad♥♥♥♥♥♥stealth games."
,Not Recommended,242880,18484054,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Prelude,mp is very sucks...cant find any weapon..
,Recommended,242880,18485423,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Burdo,"To be honest I expected much more of this game. Its okay If I were to rate it out of 10 I would give it a 5, why? because the game is quite boring after an hour or two.The stealth mechanic is okay not the best but good enough you will find tall grass to be your best friend. The ""Distraction"" system for me was fantastic and the most fun for me when playing this game, using items from simple bottles, to alarm clocks, toy trains etc...  to distract enemies was quite entertaining. The enemies themselves are funny looking and fit the theme, and you discover new enemies throughout your journey.The objective is quite dull, you must collect Fragment pieces of the ""Device Teleporter"" and bring it back to the special Stone circle, the fragments themselves are scattered throughout the island, that being said the fragment pieces take up 16 inventory slots and its quite irritating having to travel back and forth to dump them at the stone to get rid of them.The Landscape is okay but it tends to get quite repetative with structures. The looting system is a bit of a letdown for me, to obtain loot you must press ""F"" on a door and it has items (Occasionaly barrels etc..) there are no interiors for any building aswell which is quite stale. not to mention the textures of the building are of low detail which is dissapointing for this day n age, considering the environment looks better then the structures...You don't sprint in this game, you jog.*Multiplayer*: The Animations/Character model are quite lame and looks like they were put together in 10 minutes, not to mention the character customization is completely useless (You can only change hat n shirt). The Running animation in this game looks completely bonkers, just take a look at your buddies when they're sprinting around like goofs.The game itself is okay, playable for a ""few"" hours before it becomes completely stale, that's pretty much all I have to say about ""Sir you are being Hunted""."
,Recommended,242880,18470968,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Zeus,"1 stone left to get home 10 health , havent saved in some time... Vitality is getting low but no food.. i see 3 robots 2 dogs and a ballon around a town..... possible salvation, i sneak closer but get spotted by the baloon i run for dear life i hear bullets robot sounds, and an unsteady buzzing i just run... ii run until i dont hear much then hide only to realise my vitality is now at 2.. i stand up to look for food and fast but all i can see are robots.. not too close i make way around them to the town to open the first door at vitality 1...... i found, a few dead rats.... i keep looking through doors and about 2 doors lateer i hear yet again more buzzing... but now my health is falling drastically from 10 to 7 to 4 i eat the rat out of desprateness only to find myself dead by a gunshot...................10/10 would get killed again"
,Recommended,242880,18463132,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Alright,Game contains a shop dedicated to the wholesale of Tweed.10/10 Game of the Year
76561198025273795,Recommended,242880,18465207,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Dopedmen,"I've had my eye on this game for quite some time now and I'm glad to see they made it a full and complete game, runs smoothly and doesn't have any problems for the most part. Overall the experience is thrilling and engaging, really recomend it."
,Recommended,242880,18480127,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,LukeR,"In a world where robots hunt humans... a freak experiment has gone horribly wrong, putting you smack dap in the middle of the robot controlled islands! Now it's up to you to collect the missing fargments of the machine that sent you here. With little hope of getting home you must trek through rural coutrysides, destroyed castles, festering cities, and dark forests. But whatever you do, don't look back... because the robots and their robo-pups are hot on your trail. Will you find a way out of this Mecha-Hell, or will the robots turn you into swiss cheese?Fantasticly orginial, graphics are viciously average at best but the gameplay makes up for it. The AI, unlike most stealth games, are unpredicatble and have very little pattern to their movements... making it evry hard to know what they're planning. In this ""stealth"" game, more often than not, I find my self running as bullets wiz by my body rather than sneaking through the shadows. The robots are funny to watch, yet deadly and horrifying. The gameplay is fun and original. The depth is there but don't expect some amazing plot driven game. Overall great game."
76561198070954168,Not Recommended,242880,18475070,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Biodeamon,"The british narrator is charming and the idea of ""the most dangerous game"" simulator is interesting, but the novelty quickly wears off when you realize this is more of a walking simulator more than a stealth game. The robots are laughibly dumb and have the depth perception of a mole, as well they can hit you only 1/4 times.(I know that old guns were incredibly innacurate, but my guns seem to work just fine, meaning that the AI is poorly programmed.)"
,Not Recommended,242880,18475542,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Twiggy,BINGE-EATER SIMULATOR.  Your character has to eat or drink CONSTANTLY to survive.  Its just annoying to me.  Tried it for a half hour and didn't like it at all.  Asking for my $1.99 back.
76561198217483369,Recommended,242880,18474922,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Yung Suicide,Its ♥♥♥♥ing coolAnd it gives you shivers
,Recommended,242880,18504955,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Roy Chudley's Pork Faggots,Best £1.49 spent.So far I've had a couple of super-entertaining and tense 2-player LAN sessions of this game. We were both very drawn in to the aesthetic and the unease the landscapes create. The stealth is fairly strong from my experience thus far and the guns feel fairly solid. The sounds and ambience are decent too (though the narrator in single-player is a little immersion-breaking and irratating).  The game's balancing is fairly levelled - obtaining guns is a help but does not mean you can abandon stealth entirely. This is great because of the fun you can have with the various distractions and traps you have at your disposal. So far a lot of fun.
,Not Recommended,242880,18523334,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ksywlaug,this game gives you doube-chins. dunno why
,Recommended,242880,18505790,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,The Stig,"I got this game when it was on sale for two dollars. The trailer looked cool so i wanted to try it out. it was worth buying. it has horror,singleplayer,multiplayer,fps. It's so fun you need to get it."
,Recommended,242880,18508929,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,gostigoo,"A great game that is VERY british, although if you want to get anywhere, you need to be able to sneak past the robots that are hunting you and keep a steady diet consisting of: Giving a F to get food and weapons. Canned pie and even, dead rats. But you wouldn't, would you?"
,Recommended,242880,18491299,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,icantaffordcloutgoggles,hide and seek with robots 10/10
76561198025499323,Recommended,242880,18491421,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Griffin,"Extreme tension and panic, puts you in the hunt or be hunted mindset in a way no other game does. Snipe from afar, be a cunning trap master, or a vicious axe murderer and cut the robots down to size, keeping in mind not to get overwhelmed. After all, they're the ones hunting you. It'll take a keen mind to turn the tables."
76561198088049966,Recommended,242880,18490419,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Chris Wizzudz,"Well I wasn't too much into the game at first, but now that I've discovered multiplayer it's become one of my main games."
,Recommended,242880,18497184,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Potential Legend,"Incredible atmosphere and incredibly fun!This game does an amazing job creating a world where you truly feel like you're being hunted. It's a beautiful world that feels so eerie as you sneak through the bushes, listening out for any signs of robots. I played this game with headphones which I don't do very often and I love how much of a difference it makes I highly recommend it! But once I was spotted and they started shooting it was absolutely terrifying, I can't explain it. I've never been so scared of getting shot in a video game before, the whole atmosphere of the game is just exceptional, the way it makes something that's never been scary in a game before suddenly become petrifying is just fantastic. Exploring and scavenging the randomly generated maps is great too and feels so different to how you would scavence in other survival games.I'm still discovering a lot about the game and haven't tried multiplayer yet but so far it does an amazing job in what it's intended to do. However, I highly suggest getting it while it's on sale. It's an amazing game but I got it for $2.40, I don't think it would be worth the full $24 but I could be wrong..."
76561198138607336,Recommended,242880,18498994,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,boom_boy2013,"Bought on sale for $2, played Singleplayer to learn the basics, went into multiplayer and wasted all my bullets on my rifle trying to shoot other players. 10/10 would waste bullets on players again"
,Recommended,242880,18347975,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Scout_I_hurt,"Its a rather a gental mens game who is said to be of wit and knowlege (The game gives a new mieng of being huted than just running but to also fight back and exsplore, .... for those who didnt get the gentlmens say) (smokes pipe and walks with rifle and dog and top hat.)"
76561198122638566,Recommended,242880,18367634,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MrOreo,"I totally LOVED this game, it has a unique setting with some horror elements and action aswell. stealth is pretty basic and so is the world but there is still alot of it, and will give you a laugh. Finally its fun to revisit it from time to time."
76561197996473963,Recommended,242880,13622836,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,jacksmail,"This is a fun Game!  The hide and sneak features are fine. The need for food and ammo forces you to take risks. The robots get more agressive over time and new,more dangerous robots appear. This makes it quite thrilling and challenging."
,Recommended,242880,7487647,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,You Got Rory's BoyShorts!,"Oh lordy, im gonna have nighmares about those scare crows forever.Also multyplayer now too so yeah...Great game!"
,Recommended,242880,9933330,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,UncontainablePickle,"This is one of my all time favorite games, even though it is pretty short and can be done quickly, the atmosphere and gameplay make it all worth it.Searching all alone for a way out of an old-timey and british i-robot scenario is made extremely entertaining with all of the various types of robots searching for you and with all of the things to do in the game.The game is slightly difficult and has a little bit of a learning curve, and you are really only given a slight nudge at the beginning of the game as to what you need to do. The developers and the rest of the team that made this game are extremely helpful and friendly and make the forums a welcoming environment.If you enjoy stealth, suspense, a world to explore, whilst being hunted  by a bunch of gents in need of a spot of oil and repair, then this is the game for you. It's cheap and if it's on sale, I would call it a must buy. Again the game is short, but it's very fun."
,Recommended,242880,18299133,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Vladimir Pootis,"Interesting combat, intense stealth, and a survival experience that is wholly unique"
76561198019022316,Recommended,242880,18152414,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,subliminal_juggernaut,"This game is different. This game gave me nightmares and thats something ive not had since i was a child.Here you're a HG Wells type traveller (like The time Traveller but across dimensions not time?), and you really dont want to stay in this place you landed, its not a fun adventure,I play lots of survival/horror type games and most are easy and a bit formulatic....""you gain experience from killing the enemy allowing to power up, then explore to loot to get weapons that really can wipe out legions of the enemy etc"" But this is hard. Hiding in long grass, afraid to shoot a gun because it will draw in lots more hunters. Getting lost cos theres no map unless your lucky to find one so have to remember landmarks. Theres no crafting, only survival when you have to find matches to eat recently killed rabbits in the rain. And always hungry. Always hunted. Hoping to esape the Islands."
76561198164458577,Not Recommended,242880,18266398,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Spite,"The game is pretty fun for a while, but it's definitely not worth its price at 20€. It's very unpolished, I would even say unfinished. Luckily, I got it from a sale. Don't pay more than 5€ for this game. If they polished the game and lowered its price however, I would definitely recommend this one."
76561198052974428,Recommended,242880,18542824,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Fetus Fly Traps,Amzing game the multiplayer is really good aswell. Not like usual survival games alot more stealth.
76561198003093463,Recommended,242880,18586236,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Shylock,"Find village and enter itI see a robot, robot sees merobot has big♥♥♥♥♥revolverdoesn't shoot meI get closerthe only thing he does is humming patriotic british songsI decide to call him RoBrosince Robro has my back, start looting the buidlingssuddenly, I hear gunfire and get hit several timesdieRoBro shot mewhy RoBro? :(10/10 would get shot for looting again"
,Recommended,242880,18562003,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Pacowaka,A must play for survival/stealth fans.  :D
,Recommended,242880,18669358,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,The Greens Goblin,I'd rate about an 8.
,Not Recommended,242880,18692913,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,birdymcbrain,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted may look like a good game in the pictures but it really isn't that good. The point of the game is quite boring, there's not really any objectives besides collecting stones. Luckily, I was able to refund this game."
,Recommended,242880,18721920,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,twitch.tv churvin,It's fun.If this had some sort of leaderboard or progression system I would be much more hooked :). Someone message me if this ever happens!
76561198170117386,Recommended,242880,18780095,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,nick gann,i recommend the singleplayer of this game but if u want to play multieplayer be prepared for exaghstion and anger because simply creating or finding a server is preitty much compleatly out of te question. it needs fixed.
,Recommended,242880,16335668,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,bondingo,"I really didn't expect to enjoy this game as much as I am. It's an open world survival game where you're constantly in fear of being seen. The mechanics are pretty easy to get used to, and suit the game perfectly. Definitely recommended for anyone who enjoys first-person open world games and is enticed by the idea of throwing survival and stealth into that mix."
,Recommended,242880,16337806,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dinoworld112,If you want to feel like you are beeing hunted Sir/ madam  like sport then this is the game for you really fun :D
76561198003694182,Recommended,242880,8112775,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Orbbb24,"""The Most Dangerous Game"" put in to video game form. A lot of fun and looking froward to the full build.Edit: The full game has released and it is every bit as awesome as I had hoped it would be. With multiplayer pending, this is a game you just can't pass up. Give it a look!"
,Recommended,242880,16340318,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SpookyDiaboliC,"if you can get past the ridiculously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ LE SIR XDDD SIR CRUMPETS N TEA M8, memetier garbage, then this game is EXTREMELY fun. for sure worth 2 dollars, but not 20"
,Recommended,242880,16341734,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,NekoTemptress,Very scary gameplay! I love it!
76561198079815628,Recommended,242880,16343183,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,B4n4n4 Spartan,0.8hrs in and i'm already scared
,Recommended,242880,16345953,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Awpward,Goes well with tea and biscuits.
76561198045280135,Recommended,242880,16347917,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,uu,10/10 woud recomend going in blind
,Recommended,242880,16353062,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dyl | HM892,"I'm not sure how to explain just how good this game is.For a start, it's incredibly difficult - and I mean difficult. Finding out how to get past that robot patrol guarding that telebit piece is a challenge in and of itself, and whilst I've never been caught by the Landowner I have indeed seen his creepy-as-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ appearance.Scarecrows are another matter. Let's not talk about them.The aim of the game is to fix your teleporter whilst also not dying. That is literally it. This sounds fairly simple - but then you discover that your butler is ethereal, seems to refer to you as a madam (disclaimer: this is indeed an option), and there are robots with guns trying desperately to find you and the telebits whilst also generally being a nuisance. Couple this with the fact that not only is your Vitality is constantly draining, but food is basically non-existant, there's a giant Bog Monster in the sea, and an invincible hot air balloon can see you from miles off, and it makes for an atmosphere to kill for.Oh, and also everyone in the game (bar yourself, the silent protagonist of old) is English.You're welcome."
,Recommended,242880,16326076,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sensei,"This is actually a pretty fun game...especially for this money.It's simple enough, you'll probably die a lot at first but you'll soon learn how to hide!"
,Recommended,242880,16327622,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DarkNetFan,"This is worth it if you get it on a sale. Not very polished, but many puns to be had, and the difficulty isn't easy or impossible. Some replayability due to customization and random generation, but I doubt that it's still interesting after 2 or 3 runs. Still recommended, if on sale."
,Recommended,242880,16322565,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Mabec,You Sir Are Being Mounted.This game is difficult. 2/2
,Recommended,242880,16413831,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,EmeraldEmpires,Brutally funny... I actually find it kind of scary- it's like slender but with robots.. and it's hard to outrun them.. they're alot faster than me.. also the map doesn't work.. otherwise I like it
76561198022295012,Not Recommended,242880,16427483,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,jakthejoker567,"this game is mehsimple and quick little stealth games for those looking for a simple little tromp through the genre.  you can beat it under 2 hours if you dont die much and there is very little on offer.  The basic of the game has you running around 5 diffrent islands collecting shards while avoiding the robots hunting you, sounds fun on paper but the only time i had trouble was when the robots were puppy guarding the shards themselves other then that they are painfully easy to avoid.  might be diffrent on harder difficulties but the game gave me no reason to try as it gets repetative and boring very quickly.  there is enough enemy variety but none really give you trouble unless attacking in numbers (which is usally the case except with the wierd scarecrow ones). all in all not worth the $20 asking price but i got it for $5 on sale and that to me seemed fair."
76561198067668425,Not Recommended,242880,13621943,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,wode,Not as good as it seems.
76561198107919594,Recommended,242880,13671147,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,skittie862,11/10 like Skyrim with guns- IGN
76561198058091654,Recommended,242880,13674854,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,1337MLG TubeSock,"Sir, you are being hunted is a very unique game to say the least. Never have I played a game where I am being hunted by british robots and mechanical hounds on a series of islands while trying to repair a teleportaion device to escape.11/10 can't wait for the sequel."
76561198027973839,Recommended,242880,12863507,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Vins,"First things first: I absolutely recommend this game. It has great atmosphere, great mechanics, a lot of humour and of course tea and biscuits! Everything in this game is perfectly crafted to make you laugh or send shivers down your spine. The enemies have an overall good A.I. and they feel threathing even when they make jokes about the weather, the ""oultrageous"" taxes or what they gonna do to your body once they have killed you. (Note: Some enemies don't make jokes at all...they are the more scary.) The Landscapes are just beatiful even with this graphic that's only slightly above average,thanks to the haunting lightining and original concept design.In every step of the way through this game, you really feel haunted while you grasp to find new ways to survive at any new challenge. It has some little issues like a disorganized inventory, the complete absence of indoor enviroments and the absence of a true narrative, but they don't take much away from a game that is still in development with many new ideas and that is allready incredibly fun. Ah, and the developers are currently creating the multyplayer. How cool is that?!Recommend if: You want a true survival experience.You like original games with a vivid personality.You want to both laugh and be scared.Don't recommend if: You want some more narrative.You can't handle the tension of being haunted like a bloddy rabbit."
76561198006396217,Recommended,242880,13236634,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Itching_fingers,Good for 2-3 walkthrough. Great atmosphere. Easy on default dificulty.
,Recommended,242880,13266172,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This game is both bizarre and challenging (it reminds me a little of Hardcore mode in Fallout: NV minus the V.A.T.S. combat system), yet it has this quirky, quaint British charm to it that puts me in mind of British comedies like Monty Python, Black Adder and The Mighty Boosh. If you're into your survialism games and don't mind things being completely strange, then this is a great game for you. ****"
76561198117760235,Recommended,242880,15592904,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Skarp Hulduson,"I was in the mood for a single-player open world first person stealth exploration sort of game, and Sir, You Are Being Hunted fit the bill quite nicely. I wasn't so much in the mood for a survival sort of game, so I was happy to find that I had extraordinary powers to set the game difficulty, with a megazillion difficulty levels in a terazillion different flavours. (Those are technical terms meaning ""omg, has it really been that long since I took those math courses?"" Suffice it to say that a megazillion is at least 180, and a terazillion is even more!)This game won't rock your world, but it's fun, funny, and as challenging as you want—or don't want—it to be. I opted for the ""walk in the park with an eventual slow, lingering death"" setting. It was very satisfying. Except for the death part."
,Recommended,242880,15805222,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,kuddin,I have no idea what to say about this game... maybe try it on acid? It might make more sense then.
,Recommended,242880,15702363,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Angusaur,"Great for wasting some time when you're bored for sure! Definitely worth the purchase, fills up a chunk of time when I don't want to really get into a game but would like to do some sneaking around."
76561198087878829,Recommended,242880,15648372,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,kynnedy,"It's a good game, not amazing, but good.  I picked it up in a sale for around $4 or so, if you can get it for that price, I'd say it's worth it, but otherwise, not worth the $20...6.5/10"
,Recommended,242880,15862536,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Blazebeak🔥,"It's an ok game. The best way to describe it is that it's like DayZ. Just replace the zombies with robots.Though it does lack quite a bit of content compared to DayZ, it's still an overall fun game to play andwould go get it during a sale."
,Recommended,242880,15784950,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,FlyingFoxes,"Brief:Makes me proud to be British.. sort of. A survival game set in different areas of England, where you are hunted by robot hunting folk from a parallel universe.Pros:+Very atmospheric environments+You can change ""Sir"" to ""Madam"" for the convenience of all you lady gaming folk+Custom worlds means you can be murdered in any environment you like+Large variety of robots that want to murder you right in the face+Robots actively search for and hunt you+The scariest scarecrows you'll ever see, everCons:-The player's inability to enter houses. He is doomed to forever live outside"
,Recommended,242880,15655276,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ngwato,"This game is so underated! It has a great blend of survival with horror, but I do think that it has some rough edges that obviously are being smoothed out as I type this."
,Recommended,242880,14062350,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Spiderfork,A BUNCH OF ♥♥♥♥ING ROBOTS HUNT YOUIS IT THAT HARD TO UNDERTAND?
,Recommended,242880,14065547,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,^2HY^1PE🌪,I like the game but it lacks on tutorials . thats all i have to say!
,Not Recommended,242880,14069612,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Jellyman64,"Poor graphics, and poor control. Overall feels extremely clunky."
,Recommended,242880,13977740,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Komujeese,Appears almost as British as a brolly.
,Not Recommended,242880,13978633,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,moomat,"SYABH just got boring to me, extremely quickly. I appreciate the effort to bring DayZ-style gameplay into a new environment, but the AI was lacking, and as such the game just lacked challenge. A+ for style and effort, D- for execution."
76561198104155410,Recommended,242880,13980674,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Lord Telamon,"I love the stealth and lonliness of this game, the atmosphere is great, sometimes has frame rate issues but its a good game to spend time on"
,Recommended,242880,14354829,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,*/+,"EEEeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.............I'm not going to downvote it, because it's not really bad, and it probably could be good in a ""Make your own fun"" sense, becasue there are a few unique items and ways to play the game. One example I heard is play as a drunk and only use booze for food, and bottles for distractions.The game is modable, and I even think there is a mapper for it, but I havne't looked too much into either of those.For vanilla though: this game just really needs SOMETHING in my opinion."
,Recommended,242880,14390965,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Vlad The Terrible ☭,"Lots of thought can be given about this game, Is it trying to be a stealth/survival/horror?(I'l explain why horror later), is the dev trying to say something? Why the robots?First things first, you need to actively scavenge, and begin with a mostly empty inventory (emptiness dependent on your job prior to the incident, IMO the jobs are well balanced, and the ""easy"" one has serious disadvantages).There is next to no story here, but what little there is can make you think (and let's face it, plots in a game are like plots in explicit material, no-one cares about it). Call me a nut, but I think what happened was the dev got fed up of russian stereotypes and went for something with brittish stereotypes. For his next game, he should make ""Comrade, you are being hunted"".Great game, but needs more filler.The horror comes in that, at some points, you realize that the robots are making the sounds of women screaming (or maybe it's a fox's cal, IDK), and you what is going on, and you need to fight your curiosity to not peek behind your cover. You also see dogs almost killing you, massive water tentacles (spoilers), and monty-python's silly walk.You can't take it seriously, but you can take it as a good game."
76561198028694879,Recommended,242880,14517439,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,thebiad,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is one of the very few FPS games that actually feels unique.  While the gameplay is somewhat limited, with only a handful of different enemies, each of them has a lot of personality, and strenghts and weaknesses that make them very distinct from one another, same goes for the limited number of weapons.  The usable items could be more unique... I never found myself using the toy train, or the alarm clock, or the traps at all, as throwing bottles and rocks to draw enemies away from you seemed superior, although you may find better uses for those items than I did.The game is pretty simple; you start off on the center island, and there are 4 more to explore (N, S, E, W) as you gather all the shards of whatever it is you're collecting that will teleport you off the island to safety.  Sneaking around is FAR superior to engaging in combat, which I really found enjoyable,  because in real life, you can't stand and have a gunfight with 1 or more other people and not expect to die.  The use of the red light emanating from the enemies eyes, as well as their characteristic sounds was perfectly used to help you identify them in the bleak British countryside, as well as build suspense... It's a little difficult keeping your cool and crouching in the weeds while a towering Landowner strolls by, screaming, with hunting dogs swarming around him, waiting to attack and pin you to the ground so others can finish you off with their guns!I liked that they made building unable to be entered; they would too easily become safe havens against the robots hunting you, and checking them in broad view of passersby while your screen is obscured by the doorways made for some very tense moments... especially knowing that if the big, normally passive robot that patrols them sees you, he'll make very quick work of you with his pistol!The health and vitality meters worked out perfectly... there are no health restoring items, just food, which you eat to keep your vitality up.  This not only prevents you from starving to death (which never happened to me), but the higher your vitality, the more quickly your health regenerates while you hide in the shadows licking your wounds.  If you take enough damage, you start to bleed health fairly quickly, and MUST take cover to apply a bandage, even while being fired upon, otherwise you will surely die!The learning curve of the game is fairly difficult, as you'd expect from a procedurally generated game, but there are infrequent save points that make dying more pallatable; I think the difficulty along with infrequent saving perfectly balanced each other out so that you couldn't be very reckless, as you'd lose a significant amount of progress, while not forcing you to play so conservatively as to completely avoid risks (Nethack, I'm looking at you!).  Currently, there's not a huge amount of replay value; the different classes are nearly identical, and all their starting equipment is easily found.  I think if they added more classes/items/monsters/weapons/biomes, and made them unlockable by reaching objectives, it would greatly add to the replay value... currently, I can see playing through this game 1-2 times before being completely satisfied with it.  Being able to craft some items from the myriads of junk, as well as adding helpful NPCs would also go a long ways.All in all, I definitely got my $20 worth of fun out of this game; don't hesitate to buy it if it goes on sale!  I'm excited for expanded content to come out; more enemies, weapons, unique items, biomes, and player mods could easily take this game from a B/B+ to an A-, maybe even an A!"
76561198026394897,Recommended,242880,14523288,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,its kinda fun
76561198149663742,Recommended,242880,14509358,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,MastermindEpsilon,One of the best horror survival games I have ever played. Every moment is full of thrill and everytime you hear the robot's gunshots you're heart nearly stops. A fun and challenging experience.
76561198049299873,Recommended,242880,14551126,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,T'ekaaluk,This is a beutifuly unique game in which you try to survive and collect peices from differant islands and avoid danger. however in the future i would like to see the interiors of houses instead of a item screen . apart from that i realy enjoyed the game and cant wait to see future updates.
,Recommended,242880,14552024,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Zerjack,"The game is pretty fun. The stealth/survival part of it is well made I'd say. It's still kinda unfinished and it has no plot, but is still worth it in a ""I'm looking for a quick but engaging game"" way."
,Recommended,242880,16018917,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,emilio1244,"It is very fun. The game is much more dark than the store video portrays. You never feel like you are winning, just not losing. A nice challenge. Custom world generation is very good as well."
,Recommended,242880,16230746,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Byron Teetotaler,"Sir (or Madam), You Are Being Hunted is a survival horror, first-person shooter game where the player is stranded on one of five islands, surrounded by mysterious stones and killer robots.Players can choose what environment to make the four outlying islands, from dystopian industrial, to crumbling fens. In each, small rows of buildings remain behind, with different types of rural English tropes of robots awaiting. These robots are programmed to hunt down the player, if the player is seen or heard in the vicinity of their paths.The player, however, begins the game either with a minimal amount of items, or on easier settings, weapons and distractions for the robots. The player can also find more weapons, ammunition, food, bandages, accessories, and plenty of unusable items, in buildings and bins throughout the islands. Since this is a survival horror game, all items are scarce, and the player may only take what can fit in his or her backpack. However, the player can store items in buildings or bins along the way.The object for the player is to find mysterious rocks that have struck the islands. Taking these to a monolith at the center of the middle island will teleport the player off the island and to safety. Guarding these rocks, however, are very alert robots, knowing the player must try to retrieve these pieces to get off the islands.To assist the player, wisps spawn and fly toward one of these fallen rocks. A player can always track down pieces by following a wisp, but this also makes the player a bit more visible to robots.On harder settings, robots also have canines that can run faster than the player and can hear the player farther away than the normal robots. There is also a hot air balloon robot which will sound an alarm and shine a spotlight on the player when he or she is discovered.The game feels like the player is a game animal, being released for hunters to find and kill. It is a different, but well executed, idea for a survival horror game.The graphics are mediocre, and the sounds need plenty of work. But the game is still being updated infrequently, so eventually these shortcomings will be resolved.Recommended for fans of survival horror or challenging FPS games."
76561198082359621,Recommended,242880,15925307,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,hasdrubalbarkas,Fancy Dandy Robots!
,Not Recommended,242880,15486980,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Black-winter,They have forgotten about this game in my opinion. There hasn't been any new content for a long time
,Recommended,242880,16145278,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,@nti-Christ,I'm not good in high stress situations. I freaked the ♥♥♥♥ out everytime i gave this game another try. good game im just a bad player.
,Not Recommended,242880,16435259,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,macerimmer,No where near as fun as I thought it would be.
,Recommended,242880,16366706,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Patrick Bateman,Rule #1: Drink lots of brandy and stout.Rule #2: Throw the bottles after you're done.Rule #3: Don't set any alarms.Rule #4: See rule #1.
,Recommended,242880,16367476,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fluffy Tail Toucher,This is what the terminator would have been if it were made by brits.
,Recommended,242880,16381681,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jools,"""Sir, You Are Being Hunted"" is a blast. If creeping across English moors with little but your wits, evading an entertaining array of robots, who are naturally, hunting you, sounds like your cup of tea, nick some biscuits from an abandoned house and dunk away.It is immersive and spooky, the lighting in particular adds to the tension as the tell tale sound of one of the excellently animated robots tests your stealth and nouse.A flaw perhaps is that it is repetetive to a degree (few games aren't) - find the 15 scattered items to get off the island, but the random generation of the map and item placement adds enough replayability for me. For now.The limitation of only being able to save progress at various points, for me, adds to the game. A few well set traps and a loot filled rucksack can all be undone by not taking the safe option occassionally. It's your decision if you want to risk past progress.Multi-player is being added soon - will be interesting to see how that develops.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,242880,16512366,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bear,"I picked this up after it caught my eye. The gameplay is great, and the atmosphere is really well done. However,the ending was pretty dissapointing. Overall, I'd say it was well worth it."
76561198070840388,Recommended,242880,8201812,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Why Do People Hate Myers?,"It's a really good stealth based game if you're interested in the stealth category. Shame it's still in development but in my opinion Sir, You Are Being Hunted outshines a few of my favourite stealth games such as the Thief series, Dishonored and even  a bit of the Hitman series which is saying something!"
76561198035742889,Recommended,242880,8202318,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,J. G. Bluntworth,"This game is insanely fun. It can be pretty frightening, and the first few times of playing are the best because you dont know who the enemies are and how they will respond to you. Weapons are plenty, but ammo is VERY scarce, and it takes quite a few rounds to down one of the hunters, and it is quite easy to miss. I would recommend this to pretty much anyone. the stealth is hard to stay calm in, and the combat is crazy hard. overall it is a difficult game, but worth the money when its on sale"
76561198000829761,Recommended,242880,7604668,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,FancyVoltaire,An extraordinary game that already has plenty of material and is even beatable despite being in alpha stage. It's simple design is no excuse to ignore the pleasant stealth and shoot gameplay. An intense but occassionally funny thriller that will have more to come.
76561197998804652,Recommended,242880,8313096,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,GooRoo,Very Good Game even for an Early Access one. When starting with only Bandages you are forced to look for items which brings you in to contact with the robots. Very Atmospheric!
76561198097050751,Recommended,242880,8323286,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jmp74,amazing played it for hours worth the money!
76561198016305598,Recommended,242880,10085205,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Gyrating Bear,"Quite fun, blends moments of humor, terror and vengeance."
76561198190635943,Recommended,242880,18577523,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DeTox,this is the one game that i think rellay makes you slowe down and lison to every littal thing. Every thing afects you and you have to silent. It's awesome!
,Recommended,242880,18575502,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Lowest Common Denominator,"This really is an enjoyable game. Is it worth 20 bucks? Probably not. I was lucky enough to get this while it was on sale for 2 dollars, and from what I've seen, it's worth 15 dollars at most. But, if you like stealthy survival games with all the biscuit dipping, robot blasting, british goodness you could ever want, this is for you.8/10 dapper robots with guns.God bless The Queen."
,Not Recommended,242880,18570895,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Zar,"No idea why I bought this game, it's pretty bad."
,Recommended,242880,18493242,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Skolas,"Scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me trying to go stealth only 10/10.But for real. It's a great game, plus is 90% off so it's a great deal.Great gameplay grapichs are good enough for me, lot of replayability for one single game, and offer a real entertainment in stealth and survival game."
,Recommended,242880,18708849,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,NightCoreMoon,"is it original? no. everything in this game is derived from other games before it. that isn't a bad thing, though; no more than the evil within and soma have remixed previous ideas. it's a stealth game. it's an adventure game. it's a first-person shooter. it's an inventory management game. it's a silly game. it's a terrifying horror game. it's a tea drinking simulator. but is it unique? is it charming? is it worth the price? yes, yes, and... it depends on how rich you are.good sound design, good visuals, good theme... my only qualms are the sometimes-wonky procedural land generator (i once had a dock surrounded entirely by land without any connection to the ocean), the horribly unbalanced riders (how the heck do you evade them? can you even?0, and the F***** SEA MONSTER (for example, i'm trying to get in the boat and leave because i'm being chased by sixteen hunters, seventeen dogs, and the landowner, but it decides to pop up in the middle of the dock, literally in the middle of the dock, and insantly kill me). other than the sometimes-infuriating bugs and glitches (and the overly simplistic and somehow simultaneously unfair ai in some cases), i have a lot of fun playing this game.it's not gonna be for everyone. it's brutal, punishing, unfair, and will make you wish you were dead. it will destroy you for the slightest mistake, error in judgment, or misclick causing you to accidentally destroy your food and make you starve to death. oops. i'd put this on the same level as the ensign or lord of the rings: the third age on hard or metro 2033 redux survival hardcore in terms of difficulty. or i guess dark souls. and the worst part is the procedural generation will screw you over more than the tactics of the enemy hunters (which basically consist of 'shoot each other' or 'only look in one direction' or 'not pay attention to my buddies behind me getting hacked to bits by a starving axe-wielding robophobic british man or lady'). but even with all that, it's a great game because these aren't bugs, they're features. and the difficulty is definitely worth it just for the end credits.also they added multiplayer, but i haven't played that yet. i'd like to. infinite replayability and all that."
,Recommended,242880,18502128,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Applay,"I think this game is really worth the money and time, it's sure to bring you some hours of fun.My only advise to people that may buy this game is to try and make your experience as hard as it can be. Don't pick the starting classes that give you some gear. It totally takes away the exploration part of the game and it becomes really too straightforward.It doesn't take too long to realise how easy this game is. Start off with no gear and reset the game if you get killed, or else the game will get old really fast."
,Not Recommended,242880,18502571,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Poofie Love bird,"Great little game but they use the same thing every survival game does to add crap ""Challenge tothe game""....It takes you 10 times longer to re-load in this game than in in other FPS you have ever played.Most of the time that I die is because i am fumbleing with their crap interface trying to apply a bandage. But the rest of the time, it is just sitting there for 3-9 seconds while my avitar plays like he is reloading the gun.Great animation and ambiance. But only gets a 5/10 from me because of the interface."
,Recommended,242880,18498244,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Hooligan,"MP gets pretty intense. I like the unclear rules, so it can be competitive or coop. Good job so far, worth the buy, great game."
,Recommended,242880,13967413,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Goldfinchmusic,"Huge & funny , that is how i would describe it.pros:funnyokay graphicsits challengingthere is acctually a story , like holy crapcons:not werth the 13 dollars"
,Not Recommended,242880,13967752,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,verysupertoxic,Gaphic are badLots of lagEasily KilledDo not Recommand this
76561198064773716,Recommended,242880,13967826,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Tudor The Lightbringer,Hard but cool
,Recommended,242880,13952405,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,T.R.O.S Switzerland,"This game is meant to be played with two people. Don't ask why, it just works better."
,Not Recommended,242880,13946226,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,shittydan,Stealth isn't that fun and it's not that rewarding.
,Not Recommended,242880,13947329,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,[P4F] FluX,"This is a decent game if you enjoy hiding and surviving from terrible robots. However, the amount of character progression is very limited. Do not expect to get progressively more powerful as time goes on. You'll find the same set of weapons from the beginning of the game to the mid-game. This lets you focus on the survival and hiding aspects of the game, not loot hunting. Not my cup of tea, but others may enjoy it."
,Recommended,242880,13970801,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Richard,First person metal gear solid with survival elements. If that sounds cool your ears are correct.
76561198171427755,Recommended,242880,13971210,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Welcome to prime time bitch,весь заразный голодный без патрон ещё ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ эти роботы хардкор и только хардкор
76561198026870633,Recommended,242880,13972592,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Pear Pressure,"Didnt really know what to expect, just thought it would be another typical indie survival, but its so well put together, humorous and just a pleasure to play because it actually has an objective, a reason to survive unlike all the typical survival games where you are just fighting death. The robot AI can be scary as f@#k sometimes , especially if they spot you and pursue you. If it keeps going in this direction then it will be golden in its final development stages."
76561198143498481,Recommended,242880,13973400,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Mikhail,can you add multiplayer? And by the way this game is great!
,Recommended,242880,14181787,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Chin-sama,"2 tactics:1. Sneak, sneak, sneak, sne- OH **** THEY SAW ME RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN2. SHOOT THOSE MOTHER****ERSAnd this is why I love the game"
,Not Recommended,242880,11436789,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Kane Reynolds,"A practice mode would have helped or at least some idea of what I'm suppose to do besides 'just survive.""Not really sure what this game was suppose to be or maybe I'm not just lookign at it correctly."
76561198079475993,Recommended,242880,14219852,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Danny DeVito,to the right person this game is an absolute alpha master piece! All the tense moments I hade really made this game worth the money for me!
76561197965361589,Not Recommended,242880,14013914,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Psymon²,Mostly boring.
76561197995233990,Recommended,242880,14014265,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Some Other Nolan,"It reminds me of S.T.A.L.K.E.R., except with tea and robots instead of vodka and mutants."
00453545435253425,Recommended,242880,14004527,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Void,Quite the fun and amazing game...    spawned got abt 20 yards from spawn got killed by a pack of robotic dogs and the landowner ...GIANT oldman bot thing..... that just wont die..even to dynamite
,Recommended,242880,14015158,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sluxslol,"Overall, a very solid game. Very few bugs, certainly none that effect gameplay. It has a perfect balance of both casual and hardcore elements with relatively few opportunities to save. I wouldn't say it is worth the current price of 20 usd as it is lacking on content and story. It feels more like an early access game at this point, but since it is now out of alpha, I wouldn't hope for the developers to be adding any large amount of new content at any time in the future.Still better stealth than Thief 4.7/10 buy it on sale."
76561198045898550,Recommended,242880,15501726,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Baccus,"An excellent indie game.  People looking for some deep backstory need to look elsewhere, it's not really necessary in this game.  You know what you need to know from the beginning:  You are dropped in a procedurally generated world, a group of 5 islands, each with their own ""theme"" (industrial, feudal, countryside, etc.).  You need to find a bunch of scattered parts for some sort of teleportation machine that will get you home (back to your home dimension, according to the ""victory song"" at the end).  All the while you must concern yourself with survival, looking for food, weapons, ammunition, and useful items in houses, sheds, and towns.However, you are being constantly hunted by robots, armed with guns, dogs, and lots of fun British lingo.  They tend to hang around areas that contain items that you need, so you are always looking for ways to sneak past them, distract them, or if you have enough ammo and the numbers aren't too great, taking them out.The game is a lot of fun.  Lots of things to chuckle at, but also some great gameplay.  It's Day-Z without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and with a dark sense of humor.  The environments are varied and look nice, each area having it's own feel.  The robot AI is very good, and strikes a good balance between being not so good that they are impossible to beat, but not so stupid that they are always easy either.  The robot variety is also well done, with various types each posing their own challenge.  Right when you think you've seen every kind, the game surprises you with a new one.I had this on my wishlist for a long time, but eventually pulled the trigger at full price because I simply got tired of wondering about it.  Glad I did!"
76561198004741749,Recommended,242880,7450741,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,kenny.,Hilarious and endlessly entertaining.
76561198030899070,Not Recommended,242880,10992485,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Longerein,Horrible graphics and monotonous. How to save the game is also frustrating.If it was 10 years ago maybe...
,Recommended,242880,10953446,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MadDachshund,"The only way a game could possibly be more British, is if it were called ""Tea with the Queen"" including guests Jane Austen, Sherlock Holmes, Mick Jagger, and Sir Paul McCartney.That being said, it is intensely difficult, incredibly silly, and quite thrilling."
76561198040733987,Recommended,242880,10953572,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Khyuan,Fantastic game.Brilliantly tence with Victorian Charm a taste of steampunk.
,Recommended,242880,7445330,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,SIDESTEAL,Patience is a virtue with this game because it demands it as a play style.It's in Alpha and tbh I didnt see many bugs at all.MP will be awesome when this is released !!Good work Jim @ RPS
,Recommended,242880,7454758,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,BlaziQ,"British killbots hunting you, do you need any more endorsement?"
,Recommended,242880,12267052,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,moonsquig,"An amazing game. Stealth is amazingly well done taller areas of grass provide more cover than short areas, distractions are incredibly useful and well thought out and overall it is perfect. You always feel as if you're being watched and are always worried about what could be over the next hill or through these trees due to the multitude of enemies that are searching for you, all of which are different and unique. The survival section is perfect and actually quite hard with the majority of loot found in houses being useless and sometimes dangerous, encouraging you to head into the towns to search for food. However my favorite and possibly the best thing about this game is the humour. It is so perfectly British it makes me happy, from the patriotic crockery to the tweed wearing robots and the sound of crows and light drizzle. It perfectly encapsulates a surreal and darkly witty image of the British countryside."
,Recommended,242880,7498181,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,strangecircle,"This has got to be one of the most orginal, creepy, and well thought out games ever. Being from England, the team have managed to capture the countryside perfectly. And it has you jumping out of your skin!"
,Not Recommended,242880,11269243,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ethnic★Russian,"I've read a bit of the other reviews for Sir, You are Being Hunted and as far as I can see, they are pretty spot on. The good reviews show the good sides of the game while the bad reviews show the bad sides of the game. Most importantly, many of them are incredibly truthful, althought this game gave me a fun challenge for a few hours, I'm going to have to give it a negative rating.Lets start off with the good things about this game!First of all, the game runs and looks as it was advertised, with all the features the store says it features, but do not expect anything more from this game.First-person stealth and survival.     Check.Procedurally-generated British landscape.        Check.Five biomes to explore: castle, industrial, rural, mountainous, and fenland.            Check.Powerful, brutal AI that becomes tougher as you play.          Check.Tea and biscuits.             Check.Foliage-based stealth system.            Check.Scavenge to survive.          Check.Play as Sir or Madam.          Check.Relentless Britishness.         Check.HOWEVER.....Infinite replayability in a sandbox world.Now this is where my review gets a little bit on the negative side. The game is infinitely replayable, IF you like playing the exact same game, but a slightly different generated world. Sure the landscape will not be the same, but everything seems the get more and more repetative the more you play the game. Villages become bland and overdone and you see them quite often without much variation besides the occasional big village or small village. Of course the AI acting differently must add some kind of extra replayability right!!??? No. Yes, they have different hunting patterns, but if you play long enough, they dont just become easier to predict the more you watch them, but they become easier to avoid. As said, ""The AI becomes harder as you play,"" is a pretty acurate statement by the devs, except the the fact they don't really get harder, there are just more of the tweed jacket wearing hunters. Max I give the game a few hours of playability before it gets bland and overdone, maximum would be maybe 48 hours of gameplay.THE NUMBER ONE THING THAT MAKES ME HORRIBLY DISSATISFIED WITH THIS GAME was that it was released with low resolution textures. I mean the textures were REALLY low resolution. They look like alpha placeholder textures that devs put in before-hand to make sure everything runs and looks as it should. The textures have not gotten any updates to clean them up or make them neater and prettier, the game looks nice and all, but everything looks as though it was painted by a four year old with water color paints. ALSO, with all these horrible textures, the game runs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Although it does not run as bad as another MAJORLY disappointing game, Starforge, it runs worse than Skyrim, which is saying something because Skyrim is a pretty intensive game to run even with it's high resolution textures. Sure they might try to pass it off as the games artstyle, but at least try to make that excuse convincing and make some good artistic textures.All in all, Sir, You are Being Hunted is a fantastic game, besides its extremely limited playability and horrible textures. If I had the choice to either by this game or not, having played it, I would choose not to pay $20 for a game that looks and runs badly, that can only be played once or twice. I hope my review helped anyone on edge about buying this game."
,Recommended,242880,11515597,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Lime-Wielding Ninja,"Probably one of the most tense games I have ever played. I like that you can switch between being called Sir and Madame. Despite the graphics not being the most amazing I have seen, this game instills a quiet fear inside of me that I can never quite shake. Definitely worth playing through."
,Recommended,242880,11519885,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Edwin,"Very enjoyable but quite a short game. Worth buying in the sale.The game dynamics work very, with the robot hunting parties becoming increasingly challenging as the game progresses. The number of different types of landscapes also keeps the game fresh. Very atmospheric, beautiful landscapes, music and lighting (day, night, mist)Cons- I have to run the graphics / resolution on a very low setting - its seems very resource hungry.- It has an amateur feel sometimes, such as the lack of intro movies and very simple plot line.- length of game is way too short. Kinda feels like something is missing when you finish it."
76561198029095059,Recommended,242880,11671537,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Qman27,needs alot of work still. I really dislike that you can't actually go in a building and search for supplies. the game treats houses like a searchable crate. needs more things to do also (besides scavenge and kill robots) i understand that it is a work in progress at the time of this review. honestly 6.0 in its current state. not great but not horrible
76561198098387639,Recommended,242880,11676600,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Judge_IronStein,"This game to me is average. It has some fun moments in the fact that there is a lot of stealth and chases. That said, it feels really empty. The visuals are ok, but not as good as i had expected and the only real places to hide are fields, thats it. These areas that say they are industrial really arent as most of the landscape is, well... grass. The variation of enemies are cool and they each have the weak points and strong points. The inventory is a clever idea, but frustrating at times as you play a puzzle game to try and put everything in. This game can bring a few hours of enjoyment overall, but can become a little boring after a while. I would still recommend this as for a stealth game it works very well, it just needs a bit more work as it still does not feel like a full game. Only get it when its on sale in my opinion as its not worth the price. If it was cheaper then this would be a great game to get and a really fun way of spending time when your bored. The randomly generated maps are ok as well and they do vary loads, but there still needs to be work done to make it more of a dense world and have more to do.6/10"
,Recommended,242880,7478002,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,PRAEst76,Hardest game I've played in a long time. Worlds are randomly generated and some end up being very unforgiving. I've had to generate three before I got one that gave me edible food. Then I got eaten by a robot dog.
76561198053587032,Recommended,242880,11736705,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Havocking,Bloody good game if i do say so myself sir!
,Recommended,242880,6081248,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Dumbelldo,THis game is wonderful so far. Early Access. RELENTLESS BRITISHNESS.
,Recommended,242880,7724547,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Chrogion,A pleasant challenging humorous horror game.
,Recommended,242880,11500666,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Smash Lampjaw,"Good show old chap. Play as the ""aristocrat"", start with nothing. Run in fear from the robots. Has some of the survival feel of the DayZ mod for Arma II but with a purpose other than ""kill all humans"". Save points far enough away to make it a challenge. First few intros to the game are terrifying until you get oriented."
,Recommended,242880,11616287,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Default Efficient Child,QUIT READING THIS REVIEW AND BUY THE GAME ALREADY! This game is pure stealth and survival. In the begining of the game you'll probably be paranoid because your unarmed. But if your lucky enough to find a gun or an axe then the amount of caution you should use would drop about 10%. If you beat the game you get to hear an awesome song playing in the credits. My only complaint with the game is......... Actually I have no problems with it. 8/10.
,Recommended,242880,16361801,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aldo,"Guns, mushrooms and robots. Would buy again."
76561197962633814,Recommended,242880,16401727,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,j4w4,I've been watching and wanting this game for a long time now. It's very unique and the british/old english theme just appeals to me. I finally bought this game on the Steam Summer sale and I am not disappointed. It's a bit of a slow paced game and I personally like that. If you have severe ADD you might do better to skip this game. I've only played it for about an hour so far but I really like it. The graphics engine is very nice. It may not be the most technologically advanced in terms of all the latest bells and whistles but it does distance drawing very well. I look forward to playing this game for many hours as time permits. For what I paid for this on a Steam sale I feel like I've gotten my moneys worth already.
,Recommended,242880,16385798,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BadBannana,Sir you are being hunted is quite a nice little open area stealth game. I can't think of many stealth games that have you hiding in open fields. Which is a bit of a shame because this is quite an interesting concept.The areas are nicely rendered and remind me ten years spent as a little kid in the Irish countryside. They even have the scary dogsSYABG is pretty light on the story and music. You're transported to a mysterious archipelago and you must collect all the pieces of a machine. Resources are very scarce so there's a lot of STALKER-esque rootling around in buildings and inventory Tetris.Anyway it's a good game and with a sale price of €2 it's an absolute steal
76561198040299324,Not Recommended,242880,16387055,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[Inc]-Gargoyle,"I saw the game and it looked interesting. The controls feel clunky. The pacing is weird. Everything feels awkward. The story idea is cool, it's just that everything about the execution feels off."
76561198126259287,Recommended,242880,16388945,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Uaintmuffin2me,"Pros - You are indeed being hunted, so we know they tell the truthRobot heads glow so they are easy to find/avoid.really cheap on sale.works with onboard graphics, so in reality, my main con can be dealt with.Cons - everything else.Some issues with the graphics makes my rig draw 260 watts - far beyond the justifiable draw for the graphics and scope of the gamedue the power consumption issue, this game is unusable for me, it makes my room too hot. SInce I didn't give it a fair chance, I'm not giving a thumbs down, but in reality, it is the game makers fault I'm out the cost of this game and have an unusable product. My computer works with over 30 games and not one issue on any of them - I5 4690K R9 290 16GB 1866- high end Case, PSU, fans, Motherboard- just in case anyone wants to blame my rig."
,Not Recommended,242880,16390675,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,d_low,"The game feels half complete. It's a great premise, but just isn't well fleshed out. There's very little to collect to the point where exploration becomes repetitive within the first 30 minutes to an hour. A lot of the colectables serve little purpose. Overall, it's just a very flat game. I wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,242880,16391095,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rocketwhiz,review for badge
,Not Recommended,242880,16430613,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mountain,"Has had quite a few bugs (around 20 minutes of loading before it actually created a map with it constantly trying to grab focus from my second monitor while I waited.)Additionally, now that I am actually in the game, the mouse sensitivity is sporadic and my game pad doesn't have hints making the experience really painful. I was excited to play this and liked the concept, but it is not a good game right now."
76561198067060790,Recommended,242880,16432601,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,GrimDirector,"This game is surprisingly tense, and the ambient music almost always gives me a heart attack! Also, the inventory system is challenging, but tends to work for you if you pack light."
76561198123187236,Recommended,242880,10005402,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,A-Kin,"An amazing and original game, that incredibly fun and organic."
76561197969539487,Recommended,242880,10005986,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Gjallarbru,"It's a great game, although very difficult, it is not frustrating. The graphic might look dated, but the game's concept is very much fun. Runs great on my Arch Linux box too."
,Recommended,242880,10008762,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,>:3 bret,Freaky n funny
76561198007107085,Recommended,242880,10009647,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Grim 2 1 8,"So far I'm about half way through my first playthrough of S,YABH and I'am enjoying it quite a bit. it starts out a tad slow and I didn't really feel threatened but I imagin that is the point. as you progress new and more abundent enemies appear across the islands. Now, I am enjoying the game, as I said, but it is really not going to be a game everyone can get behind in my opinion simply because of the simplicity of the game, i.e. go here, grab that, come back, repeat. Sure you have to avoid all the enemies along the way and yes, that is quite a challange but thats it.Now, I like it. I like how the game made me jump the first time I was shot at, how one of the ememies gave me chills and how stressed out I have constantly come to feel will slipping through the grass. My only real complaint is that sometimes the enemy seems to give up to quickly which seems to be because you can run much faster than most of them and are able to put a large ammout of distance between them and you; but a paniced flee from a few robots can quickly lead you to more, immediate danger."
,Not Recommended,242880,10009948,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Captain Hammer,"A lot of great ideas put together into a game with a fundamentally bad structure. You run around islands collecting fragments and then lugging them back to the center. That's your objective. This means that you'll be going through the same areas over and over as you run back and forth like a courier to the centermost section of the center island. This is tedious, needlessly time-consuming, and not very fun.There is a reason stealth action games have not historically been open world/sandbox games. When you have all the space you need to navigate, you can just avoid most dangers by taking a wide route around them. There is no tension 90% of the time you are playing. It's just running, running, and more running. The amount of time you spend not playing the game and instead running and searching from place to place is absurd. It's seriously as bad as an MMO.There are plenty of other small issues: Houses and buildings don't actually exist, they're just gigantic loot crates where you can click on the door to search them. There are huge inconsistencies in what qualifies as grass you can hide in and grass that's just there for show. AI is not any more intelligent than in other games, even though the developers brag about it in the description.Fortunately, most of these issues can be fixed post-release, if the devs pay mind to them. Change the objective of the game in some way so that we aren't running back and forth, make the entire world WAY more dense with both loot and enemies (so that players are never just mindlessly sprinting across an entire island), and add more stealth elements to the game than just hiding in grass or behind a building every now and then."
76561198058274014,Recommended,242880,10011416,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,BotchTots,It's fun. I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself alittle.
,Recommended,242880,10011473,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Jacosor.,"LOL   FarCry3  Blood dragon Advanced...   Major laugh....  :D""follow the rabbit"" -  all the way to DayZ and Arma III...   :):)"
,Recommended,242880,10011832,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,One Number Are We,"This game is fun. It's very stressful (ie when sneaking through the grass slowly so as not to alert your enemies, especially when the gigantic Poachers are nearby with Dogs) at times and also can be quite frustrating, and not in a good way. I understand this game is supposed to be difficult, but running away from enemies just sucks at times. When you have no weapon, and you're spotted, you literally have no choice but to run as fast as possible, and even at a distance your followers still hit you over. and over. and over. again with their shotguns, which at range suck, but still annoy the f*** out of you by making you flinch or ocassionally causing bleed damage that you must stop for a second to bandage. It's just seemingly impossible to get away from them unless you find a tall grass field to hide in, otherwise you're quite literally screwed. But oh man this game can be fun too. Finding the pieces isn't too terribly difficult, you can easily tell how many are left on which islands, and all you have to do is follow the little floaty spritey thingies and they'll take you to a piece which will usually be guarded by two Hunters (the most common enemy, carrying shotguns). Collect all of them and you're done."
76561197966721701,Recommended,242880,10013051,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Father Ribs,"It's exactly what it says.  You're on a group of islands in the English countryside, where a bunch of robots dressed as hunters and gentlemen are stalking you as the last human alive on the island.  This isn't a shooter; you are prey.  Run, hide, ambush, loot, survive.An interesting game mechanic (besides not allowing save-anywhere, which is as it should be for a game such as this) is that your health is constantly draining.  You need to eat to keep up your health, and you need to forage to get food.  This keeps you in constant motion and heading in new directions rather than camping.  A second mechanic which I haven't seen in a game before is that messing with inventory doesn't stop the world...do you finish moving your inventory around to pick up more loot, or do you keep an eye out for hunters?  It adds a decent sense of fear to the game.I haven't played much of it yet, but it is unlike anything I've played before, and has a sense of whimsy to cover up what is essentially a horror/survival game.  Definitely a fun game.  Unlike how I normally play shooter-type games (slow, learn the ground, keep to defensible positions), this game forces you to take risks, to keep moving, to get out of your comfort zone.  It's done a good job of that and I hope as I learn the ropes that it will continue to be as enjoyable."
76561198046805427,Recommended,242880,9991146,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,The Waka Mouse,"Geez louise. This game is pretty fantabulous. I mean.. Robotic fox hunts? Survival? Slight horror? Amazing! Granted it's not all too scarey, just thrilling. I would recommend those looking for a great thrill/survival game! I still haven't beaten the game, but have thoroughly enjoyed my experience."
76561198007995521,Recommended,242880,9993223,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,ZappBrannigan,A great take on the stealth genre. Gives a nice challenge and a creepy feel at the same time. A truly unique game.
,Recommended,242880,998275,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Paycho,"I decided to give this a whirl today (Aug 19, 2013) since I thought the premise was marvelous. Currently SYABH is on build .3.xxxx, so VERY alpha. Despite this, I found myself REALLY enjoying myself. The developers already have a very compelling formula for fun, and I think as it's fleshed out we'll see a game that's easily as worth buying while mid-development as Kerbal Space Program and other good titles. There's definitely a lot there that's not finished - but what is finished was a hoot to play."
76561198052565013,Recommended,242880,9994728,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,ThoR,Unique and clever little game.
76561198090679106,Recommended,242880,9995634,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,MaximumGravity,i love this game its awesome but its got heaps of false advertisement heaps of the stuff in the trailers arnt even in the game
76561198036096661,Recommended,242880,16681337,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,RynoStewie,"At first I thought this wouldn't be all that exciting of a game, but boy was I pleasantly surprised.  Be prepared to make some trial and error calls, and save any moment you're given.  I've only spent a couple hours on this game as of writing this, and I'm planning on spending a LOT more time playing."
,Not Recommended,242880,7953220,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Procrastinator 2-D,Like paying tax returns and drinking luke-warm tea.
,Recommended,242880,16666659,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Snauss,"Sir, You Are Being Huntedis a stealth survival FPS with random map generation. You step into the role of a high-classed gentleman/ lady scientist/ inventor of some sort who's latest experiment has gone horribly wrong, and has this Sir or Madam stranded on a group of islands in an alternate reality. If things didn't look bleak enough, your butler informs you that you are being hunted by denizens of this strange new land; they are Victorian England robot hunters looking to fill in a space on their den wall. Keep a pistol in your hand and an ear to the ground as you venture forth in this funny yet freaky adventure.The goal of the game is to repair the Standing Stones, the relic that went haywire during your tests, in order to use them to warp you back home. To repair the Stones, you need to locate the missing pieces which where dislodged during your failed experiment, and gather them back to the Standing Stones. The catch, however, is the presence of the manhunting automatons that are more than happy to riddle you with buckshot, catch your♥♥♥♥♥up in a bear trap, and otherwise just ruin your unexpected journey. Their forces grow larger and more dangerous with the more progress you make.As a survival game implies, you have to manage needs like hunger. It is called Vitality inSirand it is basically a calorie meter combined with your potency to regain lost health over time. You use various food and drink items you gather from looting and hunting wild game to restore Vitality.Even though the game supports a decent variety of weaponry, from a simple axe to a high-powered rifle, the best weapon is stealth. Ammo can be difficult to find as the game goes on and can be very cumbersome on your inventory, so sticking to the shadows pay be the most safe and economic way to play. If you're one who isn't worried about saving every bullet and shell, then you can employ guerilla tactics and Rambo your way to victory. There are also other means to gain advantages against your predators, such as bear traps and noise makers.This game stands out fairly in the survival game scene nowadays, with its somewhat simple yet surreal/steampunk art direction, witty humor and Easter eggs, the haunting feeling of being watched and hounded down, moments of ""what the hell..."" and robotic gentlemen with shotguns instead of zombies. I give this lovely game a 9/10."
,Recommended,242880,16784253,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Halaa,"This game is very unique and fun, perfect for a stealth game fan like me. In this game, you are spawned on a randomly generated island where you have to collect all of the pieces of a machine scattered across the land. However, the world is filled with robots who wish to hunt you dead. As you progress, more robots of different kinds spawn such as a dog that will pin you to the ground, a horse riding robot that rams into you and a giant robot that will not stop chasing you unless you die or enter another area. If the game is too easy, you can modify the world before you start so that more robots spawn or that the different varieties spawn earlier. This game is easy to get into and waste some time on and has a ton of replay value.Also, multiplayer."
,Recommended,242880,16729823,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Slang,"Whimsical and fun, two words seldom used in a survival game, but they describe ""Sir, you are being hunted"" perfectly."
,Recommended,242880,16696357,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,noktabaz,Cool Game and DIFFERENT
,Recommended,242880,16708047,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Papa John,"Absoulety Fabulous Game, I recommend that absouluety any peron that likes stealth games play this game!"
,Recommended,242880,16450952,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HE SCREAM AT OWN ASS,"Do you remember those early moments playing games like S.T.A.L.K.E.R. where the game had just started, and you were travelling along in a desolate ruin of a place feeling tremendously under-armed and vulnerable?If you loved that feeling of tension and vulnerability, this is the game for you.In Sir, You Are Being Hunted, well, you get what it says on the tin. You are being hunted. Constantly. At first, if you're cautious, avoiding the patrols of dapper british robots trundling around looking for you in the wake of some robo-pocalypse feels pretty easy.But the more of the key pieces you gather to get to safety, and the longer you survive, the more dogged and determined the robots get.Weapons are few in this game. Ammunition scarce. Weapons (on both sides!) are devastatingly powerful. Nothing feels like a peashooter in this game, especially on your meatbag fleshy body. Running and hiding is ALWAYS preferable to combat, not least of all because the sound of gunfire and violence will bring in robots from the surrounding countryside.This game isn't very fast-paced, but it is tense, and great at punishing you for being too careless. (It will also punish you for being too cowardly, as you've got to keep scrounging and wandering to find/hunt food.)This isn't a game you'd call a power-fantasy. It's more like a vulnerability-fantasy.It's a very particular flavor of a game, but if it's a flavor you like, you'll find it intense and satisfying here."
,Recommended,242880,13479246,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[4W1A]KrAd,Pretty darn fun!
76561198062321728,Not Recommended,242880,13463306,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,acfin,"Why did I ever buy this game.. The developers never update it and the game is currently boring and repetitive as heck. Maybe add the multiplayer, more weapons, and just something more interesting then the exact same thing over, and over, and over."
,Recommended,242880,7961771,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,CheapHeat,.
76561198009253110,Recommended,242880,13714644,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jonesey,Fantastic stealth-based game!
76561198103803678,Recommended,242880,13706112,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,_topside1246_,"This game is by far one of the jumpiest, most rage-inducing, most rewarding games I have ever played. While not perfect, Sir emulates what a good game should aspire to be. Instead we got Call of Duty: Shoot 'Em Up Number 13. And while not the best graphically, Sir's graphics are nice and easy on the eyes compared to many other games.This game is25% Skill25% LuckAnd 50% Rage.And that's 100% why you should consider Sir, You Are Being Hunted."
,Recommended,242880,14332763,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mecknavorz the Sun Dragon,Who knew that trying to survive being hunted by robots was so hard!I can really relate to Sanger Rainsford now
,Recommended,242880,14396089,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Grimm,"It took me serveral times to sit down and play this. Once i got the hang of things and read a few guides I quite enjoyed it!Great vibe, spooky bad guys and a bit unlike other games. The Scanner makes things a bit easier and also knowing how many pieces are left on each island."
,Not Recommended,242880,13366961,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,($tuff) Jeebus,"This is a perfect example of a game developed with the ""Wow"" factor in mind, while putting enough gameplay elements to last only about an hour or so.  I stepped away from this for a while so it could make some large development jumps, and I just learned that it's ""complete"" with almost no new work.  Unfortunately, this looks like another Early Release cash grab, pushed along by Rock Paper Shotgun's megaphone.If this were $5 or below, I'd recommend picking it up, but just realize you're going to get, at most, 2 or 3 hours of playtime from this before you get terribly bored."
,Recommended,242880,13284619,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,C#Coder.cs,"Fun game!Amusing enemies, plenty of places to loot from, a pressing need to survive, A depressing atmosphere.What's not to like?All you need to remember is...Sir/Madam...  you are being hunted."
,Recommended,242880,13343319,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,NIL0S,PS: Ladies will be hunted as well.
,Recommended,242880,14090362,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The Fat Vegetarian,"Sir...You Are Being Reviewed...In this very fun, excruciatingly painful experience are some gems of game creation, and some rather hilarious very very very bad glitches.Pros:-Regardless of some of the reviews, the gunplay is very well-balanced and the perfect level of difficulty.-Inventory Management is always fun in games and this game handles it well.-Stealth and distraction techniques are difficult but rewarding.-Item descriptions are occasionally hilarious.-AI is very very good and finding you and blowing you and your snazzy tweeds away.-Food system is awesome.-Enemies are scary.-Getting drunk in this game is entertaining.. (Not in real life.)-Good story premise.-Good weapons.-Neat Class system.-Funny town names.-The Great Marmalade Famine.-Fires.-Climbing trees.Cons:-What with the world being randomly generated, there are some terrible if hilarious terrains to navigate.-The Scarecrow.-AI tracking is great but buggy.-No Multiplayer yet.-Gets rather repetetive.-The Riders kill you almost instantly, but a good challenge to have.-Landowners.-The Dark.-Graphics are meh.-Animals are incredibly stupid, can't do anything right.-Not being able to go for a swim without being ripped to shreds.-Not enough Tea and Biscuts.-Lacking story.-Feels rather abandoned.The Good/Bad Stuff:-Face it, this game is in beta and was VERY RUSHED. But this game is still hilarious in its shattered beauty.-The robots are amazing at their jobs and it SUCKS to be on the other side.-The terrain can kill you if you are not good at not falling off cliffs.-The Scanner attracts robots with its irritating -BEEP- BEEP- BEEF--Not super scary.Conclusion: Buy it. Wait for a sale, but buy it. This game is broken. But it is beautiful none-the-less. Great time waster and something to do when you have nothing to do. Shoot Robots and DRINK ALL THE TEA!!!...and don't forget...Sir...you are being hunted... *DRAMATIC MUSIC*"
76561198119834041,Recommended,242880,13965286,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Fuzzy,"Excellent game, however it's mood is actually more creepy and intense than comical. Basically survival with bioshock-like looting and no crafting, with different kinds of robots for the enemies."
76561197970566681,Recommended,242880,13965780,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,suicidaljello,Fun premis needs just a bit more depth and polishing and then this will be an amzingly fun game
76561198111031270,Recommended,242880,13992651,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,The True Scion Of Balance,"I remember reading about ""Sir"" back when it was still in the process of funding, at the time I didn't have a suitable computer to play mostly anything, and had completely forgotten about it by the time I got myself a new laptop. I was reminded of the game thanks to Jim Sterling's Squirty-play of it, and instantly threw it on my wishlist to be bought later, 24 hours go by and it went on sale for $4 and I jumped at the chance. Ever since then I can say with confidence the purchase was well worth, though I do agree with the general consensus that it could use some tweaking/optimization, and there's plenty of room for additions both in the robots, items/usage of items, and environments departments.What ""Sir"" brings together is plenty of experiences that I've had with other games into one package: Paranoia, fear, excitement, all fuel your actions as you strive to escape the islands and the gently-but-lethal mechanized foes that are hunting you. The eerie and contextual music adds a layer of tension, and ambiance that draws me back to playing older PC games like Myst for the atmosphere, though the subtly oppressive one in this game has a flavor all it's own, a very british one at that with a thin layer of dry dark comedy. The art style, robot designs, and music compliment one another, and fit snugly. The game-play is tense to the point I found in some moments hiding in the tall grass from a pack of hunters passing through, holding my breath in real life as if it would matter in my attempts to go unnoticed, as well as outwardly panicking when the bullets started to fly. Sneaking about takes time, though the gun-play is an alternative, bullets are scarce, the Enemy-AI is a sharp as their aim is fine, and will notice when things are amiss, ensuring you have to be alert and considerate of your actions, or your cranium will be their new trophy. The game has tons of potential it can strive towards, and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a refreshing take on the survival genre, challenging, unique, and more British than the queen of England herself, where else are you going to snack on Fish&chips while reloading a pistol and hiding in the bushes from top-hat wearing killer robots?"
76561198040411948,Recommended,242880,13955761,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The_Spaniard,fun game with some weird british humor
,Recommended,242880,13959380,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ectoccult,"I play alot of horror games but this one gets to me. Tense excitement. I don't know what people are talking about it getting old. If they had actually played for long enough more and more enemies would have showed up, drastically changing how you navigate even ""known"" areas. And the person that played for .8 of an hour and complained about not having many weapons, is an idiot. Watch out for Scare Crows."
,Recommended,242880,14045317,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[LUE] Sarcaustic,"A little doughy if we're thinking in pizza terms.  And I usually am.SYABH has the parts of DayZ Arma2 mod that I really enjoyed; sneaking around a dangerous landscape, scavenging for supplies, limited prowess through firearms, and made a nice little game out of it.It's not very deep, but it's still fun.  There's some really funny moments, but the focus is more on running around, scared, and hoping a Robot doesn't spot you before you find another hiding spot.Maybe a little too easy once you get the hang of it.  And it's no doubt the game would've benefited from a month or 2 more of development.  Such as:- Greater variety of robots.  There's a handful of different ones, and they are all very different, but it seems like there is room for more.- Crafting would've given this game another layer of complexity.  There's many throwaway items you find in the various houses you loot.  Why not give everything in the game a use?  Put spices on rabbit before cooking it to gain a boost.  Or even weapon customization.  Would've loved to have a silenced or even scoped pistol, providing that I gathered up the supplies needed to craft one.- Explorable interiors- Better textures.  Although I loved the atmosphere and the open landscape feel of most of the game, I sometimes feel like they didn't put enough time into making the world look nice.  I'm not a stickler for graphics, but there could've been more done in that sense.All in all, I really like this game.  It's fun and that's what counts the most.  I just feel that where other developers would've spent some extra time to polish this game, this one was sent out the door a little too early."
76561198080333160,Recommended,242880,14031785,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rainy,Was about to ambush a five-robot patrol when I got spotted by a balloon up above and surrounded by another three patrols that were in the area looking for me.12/10 would heart attack again.
,Recommended,242880,14032424,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,thisishonto,This game reminds me of HP Lovecraft meets Stanley Kubrick meets 'Surviving the Game' (starring Ice-T).10/10
,Not Recommended,242880,14038718,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,aneurysm,"It's interesting and well done, but i personally dont find it much fun."
76561198079289163,Recommended,242880,13153720,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,KimJongIllest420,"Good for it's price, and easy to run if you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer. But don't expect this to compare to some triple A titles the game is worth like 5 bucks. So I'm not mad because I got it for 5 bucks."
,Not Recommended,242880,5311713,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Good Drink,"Throughout the Beta, I was kinda hoping this game would evolve into something, and it didn't. There's not much going on. I could never imagine doing a full playthrough of it."
76561197995657927,Recommended,242880,12877157,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Rahvin,"Fantastic game, if you like that lonely, creepy feeling.  I was worried at first about the depth but after playing it once through, had lots of fun and ""oh @$&!"" moments.  My daughters (8 and 11) were rooting for me the whole time and having fun with it too.  More than worthy of the Halloween sale price."
,Recommended,242880,13048595,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Mark (OoieGooie),"A mediocre game with a sence of humour but feels repeditive after a while.  Do a lot of running and sneaking to find shiny rocks and bring them back to a bigger rock spread over 5 islands.  I like it, but needs work.  Finished it once and have no desire to return.Robots are fun and spooky. The atphosphere is strange and out of place (a good thing).  Better graphics would help as there is a lot of running around.  The 3D engine used feels outdated.Graphics 5\10. Game design 4\10. Gameplay 6\10. Sound & music 8\10.  Price 9\10.The game has promise but it desparately needs more of  everything.  So far they're on the right path and I can see a really fun game once completed.  Heres to hope!"
,Recommended,242880,13048744,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,br410bury,"This is an utterly unique game that is exceptionally tense. If you think you like survival horror, give this game a whirl and see what a game that can horrify while you just barely survive actually looks like."
76561197993146518,Recommended,242880,12961379,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,peterski1,"It's an interesting and quite complex game. It's enjoyable but tends to show all its cards a bit too quick. After that... it just seems repetitive. New islands may look different but there isn't that much new stuff to discover and after a couple of hours you pretty much have seen it all, even if you're still on the first island. You can customise some of that, fair enough, but I think the game progression needs to be re-balanced a bit, so that the game can keep the player interested in progressing further.All in all, good idea, nicely done, could use some more development."
,Recommended,242880,12961950,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mr Spaghetti Noodle Man,"In summary you roll around like the british stud you are shotgunning robots, getting shotgunned by robots, and drinking tea. 10/10"
,Recommended,242880,9151959,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,chodemonger,First time I have encountered camp robots that what my guts for garters. Why on earth would a developer say yes to a game idea like that???!!
76561198042073495,Recommended,242880,14876530,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,The GamePlayer,"Sir You Are Being Hunted is fun but also tricky. The landowner scares me, The scarecrow is just wierd, And hunters and dogs etc are just a little bit annoying. i would love if there were multiplayer, more robot types, and other weapons."
76561198008546342,Recommended,242880,14881347,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,TechnoOwl,"This game really makes you take chanses and plan your routes and the ways you will try to get as close to your enemies as possible OR as far away as possible. Its a stealth survival kind of game where you are trying to collect artifact stones to get you out, they exist on several islands *wich are randomly generated* to where you get there by taking boats North, East, West, and South of the edge of the map. Ofcourse going there is not a walk in the park when you have started gathering some of the pieces since new enemies come to play as you progress making it harder and for some acktually scary *not horrorish*, and getting food and supplies is allso needed to survive. There is different tricks and traps that you can use on your enemies whom are really fun, and you can play as characters with different treats to them that may help you depending on your playstyle or just for the sake of more interesting Walkthroughs each game. Ofcourse you can set the Settings so the game turns REALLY hard or wery easy so thats totally up to you! Tons of fun in it and i havent even seen it all. Ofcourse the game is not that long but it got som variety for those players who want to test everything."
76561198085950716,Not Recommended,242880,15042025,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Bersham,Bought it during alpha release.....Good concept.....Not really funny......Good try.....Final score = Meh [shoulder shrug]
76561198058770911,Recommended,242880,15054861,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,CanadianPolarBear,Best game you can ever buy...... ever
,Recommended,242880,15197370,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Charmics,"Fun and replayable. It can be difficult, but that diffculty can be overcome with skill which you gain playing it.The best thing about it is that, in a strange, not actually scary sense, the game is terrifying. I've never been more tense, playing a game. Not SotC, not Dark Souls. The game also makes you paranoid about robots who want to kill you.It's pretty in a minimal, bleak sort of way, and it's fairly simple, with challenge and complexity as more of an emergent thing than a built-in thing, which is at it should always be.Cons? Inventory management sucks. But meh. That's about it."
,Not Recommended,242880,15171644,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,.:|JYD|:. Lord Dread,"Its a stealth survival game. There is plenty of enemy variety and they all have different roles and abilities. I really enjoyed that they had very distinct sounds and silhouettes, few games actually do this nowadays. The game is short and quite easy, especially if you use glass bottles and alarm clocks. The game is also quite ugly, theres a distinct different in aesthetic between the enemies and the levels, if they used a more uniform aesthetic across the whole game it would look better. Despite looking pretty ugly it still ran pretty awful on my computer, my computer is no pushover either. The game has a randomly generated world but no replay value whatsoever. I think if there was a mode where you hunted robots and mounted thier heads in a trophy room it might be cool because the robots AI is very cool and different depending on the robot so it would make hunting them entertaining. In its current state however i cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,242880,14291675,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,[Duck][Arcadian]Morganimal,"This game takes a simple idea and runs with it. You are stuck on an island where several groups of hunting robots trying to kill you. Your job is to recover bits of an experimental device and return home.Initially it looks like this will be a walkover, the hunting robots are easy to evade or out run and food and materials are abundant in abandoned homes all over the island. However, as time passes the pursuit heats up. Swift hunting dogs join the patrols, sheriffs start to guard the towns and strange ambushers set leg traps in the best hiding spots. The early strategy of out running the patrols works at first, but very soon you will need to think carefully to avoid running being hemed in. The environment is the real star of this game, flocks of birds will break cover and reveal your location to your pursuers; Robot patrols will sometimes start shooting at each other when the meet and lighting a fire to cook food will attract every robot for miles to your location, useful as a tactic when you need to lure them away from a bit of the device.The game is not perfect, it is simple to a fault and while the stealth parts are very good they are pretty much all there is. Combat is not the focus of the game and is not rewarding either in terms of loot or risk. Often you need to kill a robot to proceed, but if you can avoid this you should. The houses have mostly junk and there is no crafting or real story to this game. To me this is an advantage as it allows the player to focus on the job at hand without distraction. To some other people this game may appear shallow, watch some videos to get the feel of it if you are not sure."
,Recommended,242880,14251886,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,whomstdve,"This game is absolutely wonderful. I have played it for about 10 hours now, and I really like all of it. It certainly is not a game that everyone would like, and is not one that someone should expect to play for tens of hours. This is a great game, but is one that is great to play for a couple hours every week or month."
76561198016125976,Not Recommended,242880,10003893,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,=(eGO)= MB,"03/2014 Definitely has potential to be a good survival game in 5 to 10 years. However, most of these good parts are countered by gamebreaking flaws in game design or massive issues.I cannot recommend it at this stage because of the glaring problems that lie in the core structure and the Developers mentality. Even ""it's an alpha"" can't excuse some of the awful design decisions made by the developers,especially when it comes to core aspects of the game.Not worth the money :(02/2015Ok one year later the game still sucks pretty bad. Nothing has changed! sad sad :(. what a shame."
76561198028384981,Recommended,242880,3872054,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,GreenManAiming,"Depsite it's basic look, it has a nice charm about it."
,Recommended,242880,14147473,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Auri the Filthy Jew,great game!!!
,Recommended,242880,14310551,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ayayron,"I like it.It's a cute game with quite the amount of action, stealth and survival. There's tons of loot to be acquired from doors in randomly generated villages which can help you on your journey and whatnot.Despite all that, the game doesn't feel complete. Everything feels so overly repetitive after a while (but so does every game, really). The developers should possibly give it another look and see what they could add onto it."
,Recommended,242880,14345875,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,BAKA Ruiner,Who knew getting shot at by robots was so much fun?
76561198075355470,Recommended,242880,13533711,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Donald J. Trump,"This game is beautiful haven't played it in a while, they should add co-op which is the major controversy going on in HQ"
76561198144658615,Recommended,242880,11289956,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,CJ,"This is now one of my favorite games. It is unusual to find a game that is thrilling, fun, entertaining and yet requires real strategy. It's not just another run around and shoot game. I think that the controls are good, the gameplay is intensely fun, and the music is great. $2o, I think is a good price tag for the game you will get.So come join us for some robot hunting! (And a spot of tea!)"
76561198123362386,Recommended,242880,11217585,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Duby The Wuby,cool
,Recommended,242880,11219472,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,AJAX [OG],Quite fun. Good game play mechanics and a bit scary being shot at.  Have not played real long but will be going back for more.
,Recommended,242880,12233867,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,peter purvis,"... a cast iron Early Access triumph. Consider the Metascore bally balderdash, Sir You Are Being Hunted is splendid British hedge-sneaking, tweed-twatting, moor-scouring, tea and mushroom-madness done almost faultlessly ... tally-ho what!"
76561197994112017,Recommended,242880,12122552,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Reaper,"I don't like survival games. For me they're like the most annoying thing about any FPS: being caught without ammo. Just give me a whole lot of enemies and a whole lot of guns to shoot them with. I'm happy.So, by that standard, I wouldn't like Sir, You Are Being Hunted.But I also like British humour, beautiful rendered countrysides, over-the-top premises that are just too cooky to pass up. And that's what you get!Purely based on the title, I picked it up in version 0,5 or something and the team has been steadily developing it into this wonderfully crafted, ridiculously twisted game. Although the emphasis is mostly on stealth and avoiding the plaid-wearing robots (yes, really), you could go all Die-Hard as well, the rural countryside is gorgeous, especially during the sunrises and sunsets. The solutions that are available are sometimes far-fetched, but will always bring a smile to your face and have you sometimes burst out in laughter.And that's on top of the fluent gameplay.If you are up for some good graphics, intense survival and the good, hearty laughs for a reasonable price tag, please give this one a whirl. You won't be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,242880,11815498,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Telogor,"I bought this game on a whim during early access.  Unfortunately, ""Sir, You Are Being Hunted"" is a poor game.  The game is nice and atmospheric.  You really do feel like you're being hunted.  The game's mechanics are a good start, but they lack depth.  The only really good way to survive is to completely avoid the robots.  If you try to attack the bots, you'll most likely get killed and will definitely run out of ammo.  If you try to ambush a bot with an axe, you'll get shot and bleed to death before even landing a hit.  The robots have nearly unlimited ammo, but if you kill them, you'll rarely be able to scavenge any.  Trying to avoid the bots takes forever, so you starve to death.  Getting an objective without alerting the guard bots is pretty much impossible.  The guard bots get alerted, and even if you survive them, bots for half a mile will come running to kill you.  This game had potential, but wasted it."
76561198049420272,Recommended,242880,12001489,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,nottetris,"This is quite a strange game. In my opinion, it's pretty genre-bending experience. I'll just sum up what the plot is: You are an English gentlemen who has mysteriously teleported and anbandoned on an archipelago of 5 islands, which are inhabited by several different types of robots, who, like you, are English gentlemen. These robots range from Hot Air Ballon pilots to just normal humanoid robots with rifles and hounds. Their mission is to hunt you down and kill you, before you are able to acquire a certain amount of crystals, which in return transport you back to your home, where your butler awaits.I'll tell you first hand, that this game is TERRIFYING when you start playing it. When you see a Hot Air Balloon, you'll run for the forests to hide. When you see a group of hunters moving towards you from a distance, you WILL panic. Not only is this game scary in some ways, but it is also very depressing. Somehow the abandoned and destroyed setting and constant rain somehow brings it all down to a quite sad and almost nerve-wrecking experience.But nevertheless, all of that depression is replenished with the spirit of scavenging and hunting your hunters! Although this seemingly a stealth game, you have all the wits and will to fight back. Eventually, you may find an axe. Or a rifle. Or even a grenade, Which all can be found through this game's scavenging system. Food, gadgets, and gizmos can be found all across the 5 islands in houses, destroyed robots, and more.I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who likes a nice amount of stealth and a strong sence of fear.WARNING! You need a pretty beefy computer, as mine cannot handle some of the detailed textures, and often lags when looking at, say, a forest. But even if you don't have a good computer, still try getting it! It's really worth it!I rate this game 4/5!"
,Not Recommended,242880,11929760,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Rusty,"Not enough content for the price. Sadly the collecting aspect of the game dampens the gameplay. Everything feels like one huge plot device after another. Needs more development before it should be labeled finished. Overall fun if you like jumpscares or brooding sneak and shoots. Not a bad game, just under done."
,Recommended,242880,11934155,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Fartu_Master,I like it though I haven't played it too much
,Recommended,242880,14073363,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Jsan the Candyman,"Welcome to this humble alternate dimension, sir.The finest of challeges is being offered here. You may find the locals to be some of the worst, but they're quite dandy once you get to know them. Though, you may not get a chance since you'll be staying out of their sights for most of the game. Shame, Charles wanted to show you his new polished rifle. It's quite stunning. But you'll have a fine time admiring the local vistas. The different islands all feel quaint and lived-in.Oh, and food and ammunition is complimentary. You just have to put in a little elbow grease to aquire it."
,Not Recommended,242880,14076255,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,[DK]Eliasr,"nah, didn't like it"
,Recommended,242880,14077633,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,"Jek, the Proletariat",I can only promise two things from the get-go when buying this game.You will get shot atYou will have fun doing it
,Recommended,242880,13459267,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AmericanKraut,Could be a great game wish there were more like itcons-can not enter most structures-controls / AIpros-the conceptOnly reason I recomend it is because I want more like it.5/10 for gameplay
,Recommended,242880,13627788,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JP Scyther,"Good Sir/Madam, I do believe that this has be one of the finest survival horror games I have played. I highly recommend becoming one of the hunted. And remember, mind your visibility. Lest you end up a trophy. Good day, Sir/Madam."
76561198119609972,Recommended,242880,13627927,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Queer Killer,this is a good open world game with a good storyline but it gets boring after about an hour of gameplay
,Recommended,242880,13570796,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Marlon,"It's somewhat mysterious, creepy, dark, witty, fresh and different. During the day, adventurous... at night, just plain scary. I love this, and when multiplayer comes out, I will love it even more. The reason I jumped on this, was because the imagery reminded me so much of Grim Fandango, as it had the same effect on me. Legend."
76561198044943297,Recommended,242880,13595635,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Phil,Well polished Stealth/ shooter with intersting setting. Good sound track and balanced gameplay add the package as a whole. Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,242880,15615211,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,"Takes longer to load than GTA Online.Can't get the framerate above 30.Graphics look like they're from an early PS2 game.Story is uninteresting.Robots pose absolutely no threat seeing as ""running away in a straight line"" is a valid tactic to escaping them.Stealth is pointless because again, the robots pose no threat.Guns are needlessly loud and pointlessly inaccurate.Narrator's voice that always says something when you loot a weapon or something is incredibly annoying.Gameplay is basic and uninteresting. ""Run here, pick up thing, place in thing. Go to different island, do the same thing""The only reason I see this getting positive reviews is the developers said ""HAY GUYZ LOOK THIS GAME IS SUPER BRITISH LOL LOOK IT HAS TEA AND BISCUITS AND POSH ENGLISH ACCENTS GIVE US YOUR MONEY"" and for some reason we thought it was worth whatever we paid for it.Get me out of this hell hole."
76561198098019142,Recommended,242880,19691392,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,NinjachodeⓇ,"Very fun survival game, even more fun with friends! 10/10 would play for 8 hours straight"
76561198119392141,Recommended,242880,10012406,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Gentleman Heavy,soooo cool!
,Recommended,242880,16405953,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hipcola,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vR7sz-RvZY
,Recommended,242880,19660949,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Scrubsauce,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted delivers on all the major promises made by all those Early Access open-world surive 'em up titles, sans the massively multiplayer stuff (though multiplayer was recently patched in, I have yet to try that mode out, so if you're worried about that and that alone in regards to picking up this game you can just go ahead and bail now, 's cool, I promise).  Maybe a better comparison would be the old S.T.A.L.K.E.R. trilogy.  Inventory management is very similar, there's a lot of worthless junk in the world like Bethesda RPG's, but you'll be forced to prioritze between nourishment and weapons as you progress through the game.What makes SYABH unique is surely the English country-side art style, with all the Victorian robots running around.  The designs are not over-designed, if that makes sense.  Their comical dialog, and gentleman's dress code really adds a sense of comedicness to the bleak, foggy marshes and hills that dot the islands you explore.  Unfortunately though, for all their charm the robots are just as freaking deadly.The game gives you a chance to save your progress semi-regularly, but the fear of death is still very real as you can end up losing nearly an hour of progress and restarting back on a beach.  This might sound like a challenge but it really emphasives how stressful the game can become, especially as you proceed and the robots begin to spawn in bigger masses with deadlier tools in their belts.  I've sat for nearly 15 minutes in the grass just waiting for patrols to die down so I can get back to the freaking boat.I actually had to take a break from games for a few days after completing the final island of the main story purely because of how stressful the robots become.  They shouldn't be scary, but they become terrifying.  The land owner robot rivals Slenderman in terms of terrifying stalker material.  An invcible giant that makes high pitched squeels, and will follow you relentlessly once he spots you.I played on one of the easier starting load outs with a randomly generated set of islands, though you're free to choose your starting loadout from several presets.  You can even manually adjust what types of islands and robots you'll receive in your playthrough.  With all that in mind, I can't really think of anything this game does wrong.  You are equipped the tools to configure it to your suiting right out of the box.  There's no crafting system like other major open world titles, but the game doesn't really suffer for it.If you enjoy sandbox experiences, especially from a first person perspective, you won't regret putting this on your wish list."
76561198066180356,Not Recommended,242880,19688089,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,oof,I love the frame rate!!!!1!!11!111!!!!!1
,Recommended,242880,19718285,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Skylord1514,Great game trying to get friends to play so I give it a 10/10Great job
,Recommended,242880,19726758,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Seven,"If you're into roguelikes with a multiplayer aspect, as well as a dash of competitive streaks and unforgiving difficulties, get this game. I play it on a connection that almost always stays at 300ms, and a toaster than runs the game at 15fps, and I still have more fun with it than I do with Minecraft.Trust nobody, shoot every body. Even the dead ones."
,Recommended,242880,30649901,Posted: 21 March,all,Strides,"The game is no longer being worked on. It was fun for a bit but just get ""We Happy Few"" which is like this but much, much better."
,Recommended,242880,7451388,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,AlwaysComesaRoundWhenWeedStinks,"This game is unique, I really do like the concept. You're trapped and you need to find these 24 rocks seperated on five different islands, whilest being hunter by robots, blimbs and more! Survive and thrive, find guns, axes and food! Sneak your way around the terrain, hide in bushes and stalk your prey, on hide from your preditor!I highly recommend this game, and even more so that's it's on offer.If you're worried about download time, it doesn't take too long and this game (Hopefully) will be getting updated a lot! As we've seen from the ""Pumkin update"""
,Recommended,242880,7978970,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Alan Bane,"First Impression of 'Sir, You Are Being Hunted', Alpha Beta.I blindly bought this game knowing absolutely nothing about it and having not heard even the title before.  However something about the first 30 seconds into the quick video ""December Festive Teapot"" had me hooked and before even finishing the trailer, I bought it.Now obviously this is a Beta, this does have bugs and is not a final product but this is a very exciting opportunity as a gamer to be a part of the continuation of improvements it will undertake, ultimately ending up as a finished project.  That being said, as it stands, it's remarkable!  Coming from someone who always looks for reviews or some form of general acceptance or denial helps me at times to filter through the vast array of games available.This one bypassed a frequent filtering system and found its way into my game collection - boy am I glad it did.  Right from the beginning I was hooked on the art style, the Steam-Punk appearance to the UI.  It was nice to have a handful of choices prior to starting the game as to who you want to wonder the eerie islands as.  Once in the game and quickly advancing past the ""tutorial"" if you will, I began my journey - no idea what kind of journey or what to expect.  But with my binoculars, and rags, I began to walk.  As I said, I had no prior knowledge as to what the game was about I just installed it and started playing and before I knew it was I quiet literally being hunted, and yes I feared for my life.The audio is raw, it's intense, it really suites the environment and the atmosphere.  It felt like I was actually being gunned down as I ran for my life and literally jumping in my seat at each sound of gunfire.  This was intense as very few games legitimately have me jumping out of my seat but the sounds of gun shots in the atmosphere had me completely engaged in my survival.  By seeking shelter in a field with some form of grain I crouched and managed to get away only with a few shots making contact.As the environment goes through its day to night time cycle there were times my eyes played tricks on me making me think there were people around me, this was effectively conveyed through the spooky as hell tree shadows.  These shadows sway along the ground and surrounding environment displaying some eerie shapes.  The sound design for the environment at this time compliments the eerie environment the night time paints around you, equally so when the suns shining.However there is a fairly long wait time to actually start a new game, this of course is because the game is procedurally generating new environment layouts and such for a fresh experience every time, but the wait time can take a few minutes.  Once in, the game runs smooth other than a few laggy moments when looting buildings, this of course was to be expected.  The graphics in game are quiet nice considering the stage of development, though my only comment is they are lacking in the building areas as the resolution on some doors and walls is quiet poor.I can't be too critical at this time as I'm certain they are aware of all these comments and graphics really are of no concern for a Beta experience.  As for gameplay i've only encountered those few laggy moments - as it stands, it's extremely impressive and am happy I pushed aside my usual routine of check up and went through with purchasing it.  I look forward to future development and advancement and will most definitely be an active player along the way!"
76561197963744519,Recommended,242880,7979056,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Spoonoop,"Is it worth it?Yes, and here's why.Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a very fun, different, and interesting open world sandbox game. In the game you will be primarily exploring a few randomly generated islands that have their own specail theme such as open country, industrial regions, and mountainous regions. In order to survive you will have to be stealthy to avoid detection. You will have to loot buildings for food and other supplies. In some cases you may have to use weapons to dispatch those pesky robots that are hunting you, but do so with caution, as gunfire can attract even more hunters which would make your already desperate situation even worse.The game is an early release but it is in a very playable state. No need to wait for the final release, start having fun now."
76561198008378995,Recommended,242880,7979819,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Thorn-Exille,One of the  best upcomming games i have played the last year ! ! You must have in your collection !
,Recommended,242880,7980731,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,sharkodile,Great atmosphere and unique world generation.
,Recommended,242880,7590037,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,AvianGaming,"Sir, if you are reading this, then you've seen the right recommendation for this game. It is a somewhat hard game if you end up in a world where the loot isnt as good, but that makes it great. Everyone loves a good challenge. The story, It's a little confusing. Apparently you were doing some experiment gone wrong and you ported into an archipelago with... robot hunters who are searching for you, trying to kill you. I got a little confused by this because it didn't explain much. Just how you got there and how to escape. I would have wished for more of a story, but this is an early access game so there are going to be more updates as time goes on. I definitely think this is a survival game worth getting!"
76561197981453780,Recommended,242880,7913866,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,MR BASH,This game is just fun and brilliant and i would highly recomend this if you fancy going for a bit of stelthy walk across a typical british countryside with a shot gun with little ammo and a dead rat to eat.It also shows you its the heart of the game that matters and not all the fancy realistic graphics.
76561197983871861,Recommended,242880,7957024,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,kenlikefire,"Fantastic concept, but still needs some work. The recent update was quite impressive and has added all sorts of new content. I can only assume that this will get better and better!"
76561198078903619,Recommended,242880,7957576,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Cyberhorrors,it is so early in development but yet its been a blast playing it multiplayer is being added as well.Ill keep it short BUY IT and join me in killing robots in twed
,Recommended,242880,7958754,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Bytube,Great game. Ive been waiting for this game in over a year. This is one of the best games I have played.
76561198094560122,Recommended,242880,7959188,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,gordonf252,This game is great!
,Recommended,242880,7479310,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,dethf1sh,"Class! Really funny, hard, scary & stealthy!"
,Recommended,242880,7960225,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,bin,"It is a pretty good game, i have not played alot of it due to it haveing less features since it is early access, it feels more like a 10$ game than a 20$ game, the concept of the game is very fun and i look forward to the changes made in the future, 7.5/10"
,Recommended,242880,7960640,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,bpdjblue,"Terrifying but exciting game, haven't beaten it or played much, but I enjoyed every minute I've played so far. 9/10!"
76561197973082811,Recommended,242880,7961030,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Stealthy_Koala,A verry fun game if you like stealth and/or survival games. Can be very hard at times.
76561198060743381,Recommended,242880,7961048,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Michael Rosen,"The creepy atmosphere this game creates will have you on the edge of your seat with tension, watching for the shadowy figures of Hunterbots walking out of the mist on the horizon- highly recommended"
76561198046158913,Recommended,242880,7961684,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,CivilianBatman,TOO STRONK
,Recommended,242880,7962156,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Neems,"Hilarious and extremely frightening all at once. Certain mechanics are definitely still in their infancy, and because it is random, it is at times insanely difficult to find what you need, and at other times laughably easy. However, fighting the robots is purposefully NEVER easy, and as such, suspense-filled, heart-pounding stealth is the name of the game. The atmosphere is amazing. It's set to the ambience of a British countryside, jarringly cut with beeps, clanks, and bits of robotic dialogue and monologue, that at times will have you laughing, and at other times will have you covered in gooseflesh."
76561197963820235,Recommended,242880,7962242,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Doubledigitbitgaming,"Terrifying and fun, Sir you are being hunted is a no holds barred steam blockbuster that'll keep you on your toes and keep you trying to outwit your foes."
76561198046806970,Recommended,242880,7962390,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Varg,"Think Slender The 8 Pages mixed with Amnesia. It's really good, and it's still in Alpha!I give it 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,242880,7964900,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,AbyssOnion,"A wonderful game, even in its early stages. It really puts you in survival mode since your apperant chances of survival are slim. It also reminds me of that one Futurama episode which really takes the cake for me. P.S. There is cake."
76561197962892466,Recommended,242880,7965984,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,I Am The Sky (Tori),"Simple premise, well executed with loads of style. Looking forward to further development."
76561198005099320,Recommended,242880,8033988,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Gluten Free Pizza,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a beautifully thawed out stealth game. it has alot of stealth aspects in this game that makes it exciting when you jump right into the game, but be warned this game is still in early development and has lots more to come and lots of bugs to fix, so you might experience some glitches or bugs while you are playing. Other than that it is a must buy and one tip, DO NOT GO IN THE FREAKING WATER, DO NOT GO NEAR WATER, DO NOT LAY A TOE IN THE WATER. That is all-Kirbiemeow"
,Recommended,242880,8034323,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Seth of the Dead,"If you like to be an English person island hopping with man hunting robots on your tail, then get ready to fight for your life in Sir. Ey, wot!"
76561198038075550,Recommended,242880,8036025,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Krutaun,"A game that can finally have you fear dying. Where most games let you easily get a gun in your hands, you are lucky that you get an axe! This game is absolutely brutal in the way in throws challenges at the player, whether it is sneaking pass an entire robot hunting party, being chased by a dog, nearly starving to death after you have plucked all the houses clean, or nearly having you organs burst due to the suddeness of blunderbuss sounding off. I suggest this game!"
76561198066727337,Recommended,242880,6456087,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Grand Master Doctor,Very Good I think its splendid would you like a cup of tea?
76561198058078559,Recommended,242880,7990320,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,themuffinman,"this is a great game, it might not have the best graphics but definetly buy it because it's not the graphics we want it's the gameplay and the gameplay amazing because if you love survival games you definetly love this!"
,Recommended,242880,7996140,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,srvnt,"Seems fun, appreciate how it runs on my lower end computer. Haven't gotten to play it to much, but what I have I have enjoyed"
,Recommended,242880,4636727,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Boost Material,"A little difficult to get into, but once you know what you're doing it becomes highly addictive. And do to the fact that its in alpha it can only get better"
76561197960447880,Recommended,242880,7587479,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Foxtrot,"Aahahah weird game, obviously in beta release, got repetitve after a while, need to offer more excitements but it's not too bad right now."
,Recommended,242880,14819669,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,BURGH BURHS,"The constant fear of being hunted by creepy killer robots, is what makes this game worthwhile. Walking across the british landscape, and suddenly bumping into a whole patrol of robots, definetly makes your heart raise. I would recommend this game to any survival/horror game enthusiast"
76561198057963078,Not Recommended,242880,14703421,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Gir,After playing this game it made me wish i could sell games on steam.......
,Recommended,242880,14636361,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Inflatable Cake,"Sirs, Madams and tea. That's all we need"
76561198027556111,Recommended,242880,14804045,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MikeOxbig,"Great game, but needs more stuff added imo. at its current state ill say 6/10."
,Recommended,242880,14774507,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,WHITE SCAR,"""Relentless Britishness"""
76561198148043142,Recommended,242880,14285148,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,cakesniffer,This is a really great game
76561198020374078,Recommended,242880,14286540,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SirusCloak,"But not for $20, wait for it to go on sale. good game, delightfully frustrating gameplay. UI is a bit clunky. Bots' VOs get a bit repetitive. But still, one of the best Indies I have played in a while."
76561198045823613,Recommended,242880,14156422,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Awoke To Butterflies,"Metal Gear Solid + Robots + Tea And Biscuits.I thoroughly enjoyed playing, even when I kept getting run over by jet powered horsebots. The almost complete lack of explanations in game, from what items do what to what robots do what to how to interpret the less-than-helpful (at first) maps, adds a welcome dimension of confusion and caution that adds to the experience of first playthroughs. This game could easily be expanded on, but the randomized items and terrain also make each playthrough different enough to be memorable."
76561197988346042,Recommended,242880,14157089,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,PunkShoes,This game is amazing. The ending is the worst part about it. There is a song and that's pretty awesome. Endless play throughs. 10/10 would play again.
76561198122302964,Recommended,242880,13966333,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,༼ ☞° 0° ༽☞,"PERFECTLY OPTIMIZED, SILKY SMOOTH DAYZ MEETS HITCHHIKERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY.10/10 would be talked down to by snobby englishman again"
76561198180947766,Recommended,242880,18154452,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SIR COW VII,It is amazing.
,Recommended,242880,18101363,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,terrerian500,"i love the subtitle ""stealth and survival with tea and biscits"" the is hard but cool. deffeinitly worth $20"
76561198113949416,Recommended,242880,18148376,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,BurritoTate,10/10 best model train track simulator
,Recommended,242880,18104899,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Creamy Martinez,Ever wanted to run from a giant robot with really long legs?Ever wanted to eat a dead rat and not question what might happen?Ever wanted to kill a tweed wearing british robot who is hunting you?then buy this game
,Recommended,242880,18105112,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Little Jerry,10/10 Tea and Biscuits :D
76561198126939378,Recommended,242880,18249255,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"A game for a sale ;)Pros:- interesting concept, sneak through a world of british gentlemen robots that try to kill you- neat design, looks funny enough to me- everything works smoothely ... kind of an exception nowadaysCons:- so far it turned out to be way too easyVerdict:I'm not sure on this one, I give it thumbs up as I haven't found a flaw in the game, but I have yet to hit a point where it got engaging.if you have the coin to spare for a little stealth game that is not too serious about anything, Sir, You Are Being Hunted is worth a look."
,Recommended,242880,17450382,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Sentoki,"Well, that was terrifying."
,Recommended,242880,16859321,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,littlebigman,Great game. Same survival feal as DAYZ but not as overly complicated. The robots are funny...watch them chase a toy train. The atmosphere works well and the art style is fresh.  MP is coming soon( and being tested now ). Suprisingly tense game. Great fun.
,Recommended,242880,17463778,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,booyotch,"Very fun, and VERT tense!  The fact that it's all randomly generated means that if you like the game, it has infinite playability.  Very robust customizations, and just dripping with character. I love playing it on cold fall days."
76561198062018740,Recommended,242880,17937460,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,gubnub,"When I bought this game a couple years ago I wasn't to impressed. It was impossible to defend your self and get edible food. After playing it for a couple hours I can already tell that the new version is way better. More types enemies, easy to get weapons and food, and is really intense. I wouldn't reccomand you to buy it full price though, this game is not worth $20. If it goes on sale I reccomand you give it a try."
,Recommended,242880,18018994,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,burt burgle,Meh. Entertaining for a while. Not worth the $20. Wait for a sale.
76561198054743531,Recommended,242880,7572687,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,El Jefe,"Here is what you do in this game:1. Hide from Robots2. Steal tools, food and other supplies3. Walk for miles on end to look for these purple rocks or something idunno4. Drop a lot of good loot to pick it up5. Walk back to standing stones to put the stone in and save the game6. Walk for miles on end again7. Have tea break8. Get drunk9. Find guns10. Laugh as you mercilessly slaughter robots11. Realise you have no ammo left12. Repeat from step 111/10"
76561198138264059,Recommended,242880,18092331,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Doctor Drink MD,"Charging a patrol with just an axe wasn't my sharpest move, but I got some mints and boots as a reward.10/10, best crouch-in-every-bush simulator"
76561198060865801,Recommended,242880,30533836,Posted: 15 March,all,Lazteuq,"This is a solid game. Its not super polished, and it doesnt have infinite replay value, but the devs sure did a good job. Its a hardcore stealth survival game, not Call of Duty Robots, so its not for everyone. The atmosphere is nice and sometimes actually a bit scary. The robot AI is pretty smart, and they will hunt you down unless you do something to confuse them or kill them. Graphics are k, but I dont really care about graphics anyway."
76561198027903977,Recommended,242880,18598504,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Tango,Pure delight!
76561198096720885,Recommended,242880,27901441,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tobias,Everything goes PERFECT until I find the trombone... The inner band nerd seems to get the best of me sometimes.
,Recommended,242880,27955450,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,I AM THE FUCKING PRINCESS,Run-for-your-♥♥♥♥ing-life simulator11/10
,Recommended,242880,27993098,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nukker,Great and unique rogue-like experience. Wonderful design and nice difficulty.
,Recommended,242880,27570993,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Camouflage,Feels like hiding from people in real life.  ;)
,Recommended,242880,27902609,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bub joh,"It's a great survival/horror game, it can scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥outta you, but it is still a interesting game. It doesn't give you all the explanations which makes the game even more interesting and fun. The price is a bit high in my opinion, so luckily i got it on sale for 4 dolars and that was way worth it. Conclusion: great game, fun, kinda scary, and very interesting.Personally, i rate this game 9/10."
76561198021580318,Recommended,242880,27810607,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SeriousSven,"SIr, you should play this!A very nice survival and exploration game. Even better, you can play with toy trains! Definetley worth to play 2-3 runs until you have seen all the mechanics."
76561197969749884,Recommended,242880,25300877,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Sarkoth,The only infuriating part about this survival stealth roguelike is the fact that vitality is dropping way too fast. Otherwise a brilliantly british robot apocalypse.
76561198055996772,Recommended,242880,25268999,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Big Panda,Amazing game can't wait to play with friends in multiplayer. However it is hard to play for hours on end because it is quite frankly terrifying. The concept is scary but to see it in action is much worse. Would not recomend for the faint of heart or someone looking for a shoot'em up game.
76561198097411162,Recommended,242880,16673817,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,-DI- Grimesy,Charming little game. About 5hrs of gameplay. Some good british humour.Update: Multiplayer is really good fun. Not much in the way of difficulty though.
,Recommended,242880,27500614,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mattador,"Strangely creepy, but lots of fun."
,Recommended,242880,27533293,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hinoko,"Interesting little game, worth at least one playthrough, but DEFINITELY a game to buy on sale for <$5"
,Recommended,242880,8503641,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,The Beckst,"Amazing steam/tweedpunk themed stealth survival, I never thought I would see a mix like that, great gameplay, few bugs (even at such an early state, and tons of unique ideas/features, best game I've bought in a while"
76561198281618506,Recommended,242880,26711510,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Winston Churchill,Bloody brilliant
,Recommended,242880,26943570,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,install eyes,"short, but very fun, trombone is a good item"
,Recommended,242880,27858384,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,potatoladica,Great survival game full of hilarious robots and intense gameplay.
,Recommended,242880,27636381,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Meowacats,"I was one of the only people of who I knew to enjoy the game for what it was and it's concept. I fully recommend this game only if you enjoy it for what it is, I can't recommend it as a certain title or game type because it has it's own unique play style and mechanics. Not a lot of people play this game because of it's certain style but I think the devs need more love for what they did to this game. If there was a way to have a Workshop for this game, that would just be the cooliest thing honestly!"
76561198077563129,Recommended,242880,13995733,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Artusad,"""Sir, You Are Being Hunted"" is absolutly one of the best survival Games  I had seen so far. It catchs you in this harsh and dark world, conquered by robots. You need to work silent, to get some food and specialy to get some weapons, else you will only run, run and run, until they will seround and kill you!(+)Pros: Nice atmosphere, it needs tactical assault, the map generator creates individual adventures evrey single round and the choose of the starting character creates different ways to start and master the game!(-)Cons: In my opinion the textures of the game are mushy, but it's not matter.Absolutly a thumb up for this Game!"
,Recommended,242880,27807608,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tourist,Very interesting concept
76561198159630703,Recommended,242880,27886482,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nitro,"Trapped in an unknown place being hunted by robots you must find mysterious fragments to escape. And like most stealth game you could sneak around and take the fragments while the're their not looking, or shoot every robot you find, at least until you run out of the very scarce ammunition."
,Recommended,242880,7667303,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Sayyt66,this game is pretty fantastic tbh
,Recommended,242880,19227760,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,slaw,Short and sweet with plenty of replayability if that's your thing because the world you play in is completely re-generated and random on each play through.  This also has heavy stealth mechanics that continue to reward the player for good decisions and using their heads vs. hammerheaded techniqies.
,Recommended,242880,19241678,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,JackieWalker,"I'm not a big fan of terror style, being hunted kind of game. But this is an exception I'm proud to recomend.This game has a great background, wierd and threatening enemies (keeps you on edge through it all), great gameplay (shooting these robots was so much fun!) and even when you're just walking around you can hear them talking with their brittish robotic accents, making witty remarks about stuff, it's awesome!Anyway, great first person terror/shooter that keeps you on edge and has great replayability since it's pretty random gen. =D"
76561198027509840,Not Recommended,242880,19207822,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ancient Junky,"Game look very attractive, especially with the trailer.Infortunately, it requires too much time for action to kick in and without action in the game, its quite hard to actually have fun in this game..L'Amerzone is far better than this game. Truly"
,Recommended,242880,19343109,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Capt.Thunder,"So I recently bought this game on sale for 3 bucks or so for me and my brother, and we quickly jumped into a game of multiplayer with little knowledge of what we were doing. As time progressed we were slaying robots right and left and snatching up ruin pieces everywhere. We decided to push for the middle so we can activate the teleporter, which was heavily guarded by the horse riders. But before we could get there we were ambushed by a squad of robots, I managed to kill a few, and hide from them as they hunted my brother who had all the pieces we had found so far. Out of ammo I grabbed my hatchet coming from behind them, and started to kill them off one by one, as I reached the last robot who was about to slay my brother I heard a single shot fire, killing me and leaving my brother to face his fate.~10/10 Would get headshot by my brother again."
76561198101401894,Recommended,242880,19314681,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,The Senate 66,"As a British person myself, I can safely say that this game is the most realistic representation of the British countryside on the market, this game is accurate about everything, from the dead looking sky right down to the infamous delightfully British robots that roam our countryside and shoot those who dare to trespass on it.10/10 - Accurate representation of the future of British Technology"
,Recommended,242880,19139322,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,World of Cheese,"This game is really fun. If you're into survival games, then you'll love this. Unless then you are a complete wuss and will get scared before the menu loads. Otherwise, this game is definately worth the money."
,Recommended,242880,19316808,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SemenDemon,"Most people may say it sucks (my friends) mostly because they don't like the feel of always being stealthy. I absolutly adore this game, I love stealth games and this is one of those that just makes you feel strange when you look around that corner. Many different kinds of robots and tools to use to kill those robots that want to kill you. Sometimes while walking around you'll see some bots shooting at each other, just slaughtering each other. This game is approved by me 10/10"
,Recommended,242880,19340894,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,🆂🆄🆁🆅🅸🆅🅾🆁,Cool
,Not Recommended,242880,19367222,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,chasewinter00,How do I get a refund? It really wasn't all what I thought it was.THough It has a interesting concept.
76561198142899117,Recommended,242880,21228987,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,E_FlaynZcsgocasino.net,MUST HAVE!!! ( BUT WITH SALE =\ )
76561198106071477,Recommended,242880,21224477,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,kalen54,"though i only have 8 or so hours of play time thus far, i can tell the purchase was worth it.SYABH is a truly play your way kind of game, with little to no hand holding.it is not an easy game. if you make a mistake, you will be punished.this is the perfect game for those looking for something to challenge their skills, and get their adreneline pumping.if you are looking for a relaxing game, the keep right on looking."
76561197993734296,Not Recommended,242880,21212533,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Gardiel,"Hardly impressed by this product. Only thing SYABH has going for it is British countryside aesthetics and the game hardly uses it to  its potential: environment is very dull and there is barely any atmosphere or lingo in flavor text, all you see is typical north England housing and robots wearing top hats(yet speaking in very broad accent using common terms).Another completely misused asset in this game is procedural generation: supposedly it creates parts of the world from a seed, but the only difference it ever has is in occasional building, that you can only push button on to receive loot, looks different, but even with that 90% of the world is the identical tall grass and copypasted trees.Enemy AI is lackluster as well and for a game that bases itself on the premise of stealth it falls on its face.UI is functional but that is all that can be said for it, no flavor, no stylistic impression, just a grid with objects on it.Finally the survival aspect is non-existant, and while I can appreaciate a game that doesn't want to put a dozen idiotic parameters that you ahve to monitor constantly like other representatives of the genre, boiling everything down to two parameters one of which is your HP is just lazy and feels pointless.Another good point this game is capable of striking is the weaponry feel, shotguns have a nice punch to them, but even that gets spoiled when you realize every single firearm has the same sound and hitting an enemy with it results in metal clinking anyway.Not exactly a horrid unplayable mess, but for the life of me I can't recommend it even to people whose eyes light up every time they hear Yorkshire accent."
,Recommended,242880,21222731,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,神Sir Awesome_Possum神,played 4 five mintutes got hit by 89 horses rage quit 10/10
76561198050306372,Recommended,242880,21223221,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,jjkartholl,"This is a long overdue video game version of The Most Dangerous Game. In other words, it's awesome. It's a solid survival stealth game without burdensome crafting or resource gathering.Things I would like to see as the game develops:1. different modes for multiplayer - something that requires teammates to complete2. voice chatting for multiplayer3. more trap-type devices4. stealth kills5. headshots6. FASTER CRAWLINGWorth the price."
,Recommended,242880,21250277,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,finna nut,"Amazing and dapper. Great, sorta spooky fun not for the whole family, but probably for you, dear reader. Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,242880,21249073,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,one of those copycat memes,vsync actually works. 10/10 would vsync again
,Recommended,242880,21192142,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Wes Potato,"A procedurally-generated stealth game with posh robotic English hunters, tea, biscuits and trombones? What else could one possibly need?EDIT: Also, survive with other sirs/madames with the new multiplayer!"
76561198081733468,Recommended,242880,7973472,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,d λ ω g,It's okay...
,Recommended,242880,21235744,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Zohan,"This Game is pretty fun single player is amazing, Multi player is a bit lacking they need to make it so you have more islands to travel too, they need to add a few more weapons, maybe add some more items, like distraction stuff and traps, but overall i would give this game a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,242880,20042837,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,EncryptedXing,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted has Multiplayer which makes the game...-More fun-Less Scary-More robot killing!"
76561198073819114,Recommended,242880,20197441,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CAT ATTACK!,tHE BRITISH ROBOTS ARE COMING!!!
,Recommended,242880,20144377,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ilgaz,I like it. More fun with friends.
76561198082358060,Recommended,242880,20102681,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SonOfKonzan,"Tea and biscuits and whatnot, why not give it a go my good man!"
76561198100850329,Recommended,242880,20187616,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,French Roast,"It's got a delightful style to it and it is definitely challenging, with a pretty good robot AI. I love the environments, it looks wonderful. The gameplay can get a bit repetitive and tedious as you have to search for each of the fragments, but it's fun enough just to explore and see what you can do about the robots hunting you that I'd say the game is worth buying."
76561198059677004,Recommended,242880,24390355,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,zagann,"Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a one of the best games I've ever played. Great concept. Great gameplay. Gives me shivers. What else do you want?"
,Recommended,242880,12939495,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Wildow the Walrus,If you needed another example of robots generally being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ here's another!10/10 would loot all the houses and run from hot air balloons again.
76561198097845872,Recommended,242880,7475526,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,☭Messer☭,BEST SURVIVAL/SIMULATION GAME EVER!!!!
76561198051081356,Recommended,242880,23369537,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Dearthvader,This game is easier if you don't try to play it like COD. 10/10 would rush robot with axe again.
,Recommended,242880,23371856,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,baconprison,this game is pretty good but pretty difficult to playits a nice stealth game about robots trying to kill youi like the way this game is layed out and sometime has a knack for humor tomultiplayer didn't really last it game then it wentthis game is no longer updated but its worth playing if you can catch it on a sale of 50% or somethingnice simple game 8/10
,Recommended,242880,23395200,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ruinleon,amazing game but its very very hard to find multiplayer servers as of 6/5/2016 don't know why but overall youll get chills up your spine when being chased.
,Recommended,242880,20848942,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,CaptainCheesePuff,good gamefighting 10/10land scape 10/0survival 10/10story 10/10over all the game is so fun and challengeing. When there is only a few pieces there are so many robots to fihgt i love this game 10/10 :D
,Recommended,242880,23742328,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Veilchen Blume,"I haven't played this game for very long yet (only 19 mins so far), but I already love it. The music is great, the story is confusing, and the enemies can actually make you jump. The whole idea of you being hunted is nerve wracking along with the fact that you have no allies. You must search for food and safe places to hide as more and more robots join in on the hunt.Yes, I haven't played for very long and yes, I'll probably edit this review later on in life, but it's still a great game! You are always looking for places to hide, and you are always on your guard.You can tell this game is doing it's job when you are frightened by a little bunny running across the screen.There is so much I can say about this game, but I won't. All I shall say is that the graphic style is nice, the robot diversity is great, the music is edgy and strange, and the game play isn't that bad. Besides, the robots have top hats and monocles, how awesome can you get with this game?8/10 it's my first horror related game and I love it. I'll be telling all of my friends about this game in the future."
76561198051194348,Recommended,242880,30797189,Posted: 28 March,all,Chance,"Cool FPS survival game.Fun but unforgiving, run, hide & survive. Goog luck making it to the end!"
76561197999123375,Recommended,242880,11560683,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Failedgentleman,"The moment when I pulled off a successful raid on a trio of Victorian Gentleman Robots and their robot-dogs without a shot being fired using a clever combination of alarm clocks, toy trains, an empty whiskey bottle and a trombone, then escaped without being spotted was the moment I realised I liked this game. The fact that it successfully invokes more heart-pounding mouth-drying leg-crossing tension than a job interview with your ex's mother with nothing more than a stretch of open countryside and some robots. The way you can live in the woods surviving solely on fruitcake and sherry.Sir, You Are Being Hunted. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,242880,23883025,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,claytonbeeney,"I had really high hopes for this game, I really did but the controller support is broken. Using a 360 pad the buttons either arent labled correctly or dont work at all. You can take the tired old excuse ""its better with mouse and keyboard anyway!!"" and shove it. Furthermore when the first thing you see is a tutoral area with procedurally generated enemies that spawn 20 feet away who spot you and kill you while the narrator is still instructing you, you know right away that a game like that is a prefessional product.Pros - Looks and runs great. If you intend to only use M/KB then grab it."
,Recommended,242880,24029733,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,phatty,nice
76561198070547450,Recommended,242880,23993053,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,StaY_B33FFY,glad I bought this when it first came out
,Recommended,242880,24032528,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TierZero,Really good game. recomend it for people wanting to try something a bit different and new
,Recommended,242880,22448192,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,A Half-Eaten Sandwich,This isn't even a horror game and it scared the hell outta me
76561198052000757,Recommended,242880,11051029,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Riker's Beard,Very intriguing and funny game. It has very good and exciting atmosphere. I haven't played many survival games but still I like this. I recommend!
,Recommended,242880,21594507,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Gee,"I had much fun playing this. The first time we played this, me and 2 of my friends basically went around with guns pretending we were american revolutionary soldiers. We took down many of the robot's numbers. The only thing that stopped us was a swarm of sudden robots attacking us. In the confusion, 2 of us died. A while after that, we finally got all the pieces.Guess what i did.I teleported while my friend was pointed the other way. He was not happy.Anyways, to the real review!This game is fantastic. Robots hunt you down with guns while you try to survive off of rats and cat food from their own houses. But, you can fight back with various weaponry, including muskets, dynamite, and the trusty axe. To escape the island of robots, you have to find pieces to a teleporter, which only takes pieces occasionally. Said pieces are scattered around the island, in small craters, with smoke coming from their location. Once you have enough pieces, you can teleport out. But, only one will make it out. Keep that in mind."
,Recommended,242880,20777390,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,JoshTheRaven,Hard game but with the right strategy you can get it done fast
76561198121468598,Recommended,242880,21005516,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Tortoise_Crusaderio,I highly reccomend this game.
,Recommended,242880,6375680,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,PANTY,Its like nicholas cage is hunting you to steal the decloration of independence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,242880,21214242,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,fishy,Its just not my cup of teapunpunpunpunpun
76561198082566367,Recommended,242880,9346483,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Wikkie Wonka,DA BEST GAME
76561198088233696,Recommended,242880,7139397,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Wilserien,"Tea! Biscuits! Murderous, gun-toting, plaid-covered robots! Just get the game. It's great."
76561197972244201,Recommended,242880,22095123,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,pebblegarden,"I picked up this game during early access, and for some reason it didn't click with me at the time. I found it too punishing, and all that creeping around was painfully slow.But after watching a couple of Richspeed's charming SYABH YouTube videos (check out Ep 13), it was clear I'd been playing all wrong, and far too timidly! I should have been running around and only stealthing while bots are near. Also, the hunting rifle is powerful and satisfying, so it's worth scavenging around for one.I suspect the devs have done some tuning since my first go at it, and now the gameplay just feels right.  Plus, having the single-player option to start with a rifle (as the Officer) made a huge difference.I've also played a few co-op multi-player sessions with friends and I'm here to report it's a ton of fun. The art direction and gameplay are both top-notch, so we found it a very satisfying experience. And the networking was solid, no issues there.If you enjoy the stealth and combat in Skyrim, Sir You Are Being Hunted will probably appeal to you as well. I recommend this game.Edit: worded things better."
76561198142247583,Recommended,242880,21912064,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,JaMz,"mlg, im an bicycle pump plz play dis game, it is happiness1000000000000/10"
76561198157150012,Recommended,242880,22541878,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,xXDanthepandamanXx,"Good sir, are you going to finish murdering that human or do you require assistence?"
76561198089924068,Recommended,242880,22491116,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,2FancyFox,I really like this game and i would like it if they keep updating it
76561197999546422,Not Recommended,242880,22350240,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,obrien1jj,"I think this game is too rough to really be considered a final product; to me, it seems more like it belongs in the late stages of early-access.  Honestly, I don't think this is trash or anything, but I can't recommend it, especially at full price.I think this is an OK game, but it definitely isn't worth $20.  Additionally, it still feels very rough but the last update was in Oct 2015 (it's now Apr 2016) and the version is 1.0+, so I don't know if the dev is planning to do much more with it.  If you're playing this single player, I can't imagine you getting more than 3 hours of quality gaming out of it (I probably got around 1.5 hours myself before I got bored of it).  The multiplayer is a bit clunky to set up and once you've got a game going, I guess it could be good if you have like 4 or 5 people in it, but when you have 2 or 3 I personally didn't find it added much.Overall, it's a decent game that needs polish, but I don't think it'll ever get it.  $20 for this is just absurd though, even with all the necessary polish I'd say $15 is the max I could ever recommend this for.  In its current state, if you're ok with a rough game that will probably remain so, I'd recommend picking it up at around $7, maybe $10 if you have 4 or 5 friends who are also going to get it."
76561198035850115,Recommended,242880,22346850,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,lawngnomecult2,A fun whitty game.The longer you play the more difficult the game becomes.Play it.
,Recommended,242880,22350915,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Th1ccpapi,This game has brought some fun and pain
76561198107403955,Recommended,242880,22368200,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Wandering Mage,"Haven't even touched the single player game yet, just ran some multiplayer with a friend. Wow. You have no idea what you are truly getting into until you're there. This game is funny, ridiculous, and stressing all at the same time.I spent the first part gathering up a whole bunch of gear and not finding the the robots, only to have all the gear lost to my frantic unpracticed shooting when I was finally being run down my robots. We scrambled trying to gather up the stones to win, eventually learning how to properly coordinate and got better at not being owned by robots (ie hiding).And then came the unintended shenanigans. Working my way to the stone with one of the pieces, approaching a building to hide next to, I hear my friend being spotted and shot at. Having no weapons but an objective piece, there was nothing I could do for the poor doomed soul. I resumed my approach to the building and just before getting there, my friend runs right across my path, and I knew then, that things were just about to get real. Ya, the robots chasing him got to stumble across me so now I was the one desperately running. After circling the building a few times and a few failed hiding attempts, I settled into a new spot as one of the robots rounded the corner in pursuit. For an agonizing nerve-wrecking minute or two I waiting in terror as the robot continued to search for me and kept creeping closer to my incredibly flimsy hiding spot next to the building. After what felt like an eternity, he decided to resume patrol, and wandered off, leaving me, somehow not dead.This game kicked off with a great start for me, and I can't wait to try the single player mode. The graphics aren't the greatest but that shouldn't discourage you, and the graphics they do have are charming and fitting for the mood of absurd comical terror."
,Recommended,242880,22286344,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Fat Beagle In A Tux,British Robots new confirmed fetish
,Not Recommended,242880,22405810,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Colonel Gentleman,"What an interesting concept, it's a bloody shame it was wasted here.Buggy and with the visual quality of a game 10 years ago; this game looks like it held too tightly onto the popularity of survival games coattail's that it tore free and tumbled into a muddy ditch.  Or just ran out of budget.  Since in many cases it just looks unfinished, many would mistaken it for an early access title.  Normally I can be open minded and even allow a game with defective AI if the game is fun, but when it is centered around avoiding and using tools on it to no effect, that is when you lose me.  But the one thing I can't forgive ever is when you have a massive open world game with stealth mechanics and make the walk/run/crouch speed abyssmal.  Not only is it a cheap way to add artifical suspense and game time, its a quick way for me to find myself largely bored and starving to death in an open field."
76561198123074988,Recommended,242880,20678223,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Mr. Arochet,"Equal parts fun, terrifying, goofy and frustrating. I love it."
76561197975247124,Recommended,242880,14211361,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Evilgoattea,"I realize I do not have a ton of time in this game, but if you look at my profile you can see how much I am into it.  I have 2 videos made so far of a youtube series.If you love survival, if you love horror elements, and if you love homicidal gentlemen robots who are hunting you then I highly recommend Sir, You Are Being Hunted.  You will not be disappointed.You can check out the link below to see me playing Sir, You Are Being Hunted.Multiplayer update:I do still recommend this game for the single player experience, I do feel like the multiplayer was just shoehorned in.  If you are getting this game exclusivly for the multiplayer you may want to stay away.  Also it seems really dead, I was on last night and 11 people were playing across servers.http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFObOYwp5Y7RsT_9y1O3hywCINF2Ji6AH"
76561198091812955,Recommended,242880,20592061,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Colonel_Chaos,10/10Graet game and concept. The premis is good and the setting is brilliant
76561198120844824,Recommended,242880,25163264,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Klapautius,"This game is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Altough i think it is way too expensive. I got it on christmas for 5 euros. But still,This game is a really fun sneaky-horror game and i think you should buy it."
76561198146754284,Recommended,242880,25080809,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Phaedrus,"I had a very good time playing this game, but a hard time explaining why. The whole atmosphere of the game just rocks. Also I love the witty weird humor. Very immersive audio.As much as I absolutely adore this game, I have to be honest: some people are going to hate it. It's not really polished, graphics are quite basic. And probably the strongest point I love will be a huge turn off for some: it's just so darn epically weird. It doesn't make sense. At all. And I love revelling in that weirdness.It is a rather short game if you fully keep your eyes on the prize. But I've replayed it 4 times now.-- Advice: when to buy it, when not to --If you're somewhat of a perfectionist that needs that pretty polish and all details worked out completely:-> Don't buy, you'll be frustratedIf you find yourself absorbed in the atmosphere of games, enjoy weird orginal feeling games and can look past things like dated graphics:-> Buy, you'll love it"
,Recommended,242880,24738920,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Thiamarkos ♐,It's a beautiful and innovative steampunk game with absolutely creepy ambient and Lovecraftian vibes.
,Recommended,242880,24944028,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,PhantomPenguin,"I recently bought this game for me and my friend, we both love the game, the graphics are beutiful, even though i have to turn down the graphics abit, everytime i look at the game i always read it as, sir, you are being haunted, Idky instead of hunted, its just my brain.... But the robot sounds scare me everytime, I reccomend a update like where you can control the robots and the other one has to survive or like a death match with like people and robots in like a arena with rounds"
,Recommended,242880,24584974,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Overmind Farmskins.com,"Awesome game full of sneaking, shooting and looting with tea and biscuits."
,Recommended,242880,16517415,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Yellowstoner92,"Just like Sir, You Are Being Huntedonly a little more pepper"
,Recommended,242880,24834162,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[71st] Sulphuric_Glue,"Absolutely superb survival/stealth/shooter with several different ways of going about your tasks, very varied world generation, decent AI, a lovely aesthetic and incredible atmosphere, and multiplayer that works very well, although it is a tiny bit more limited than the singleplayer, mostly in size.However, there is one major flaw:The Standing Stones only appear on the central island, meaning every teleporter fragment you collect forces you to go across the width of the island you're on, ferry over to the central one, then walk over to the stones, all while avoiding robots and staring longingly at villages you could be looting but you can't because fragments are so ♥♥♥♥ing huge and take up so much inventory space.Apart from that, this is possibly the best survival/stealth game I have ever played, although they do charge a few quid more for it than it is really worth."
76561198132171062,Recommended,242880,25536889,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Lafountain,"If you get a bunch of friends together and play this game it is really fun and intense, although its really not fun at all playing without friends. The object of the game is to find all the different pieces of the portal that bring you home. As you scavenge to survive and get weapons to fight off the robots or stealthily avoid them there are other challenges like the horesman that can outrun you anytime and the blimps that can spot you and alert all the robots. It is a great game with friends and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,242880,14104729,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Sigmund de la Froid,"As the descendant of six centuries of British aristocracy and colonial racism, I approve of this game.More seriously, chaps, I want to see this get more work done on it; I want multiplayer. It's already cool, and I want to share that with my inferiors."
76561198197702943,Recommended,242880,20835824,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,alchemy10023,Hmm
,Recommended,242880,24484824,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Antonio,I will cry if development stops on this game before they've finished multiplayer fully.
76561198180715303,Recommended,242880,22390239,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Chris,"this is very entertaining. the start of the game is the only scary part, then when you know the hunters attack strats it gets more into the stealth.."
76561198113942626,Recommended,242880,24780046,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,alulko,"A really great game, bur after a few multiplayer sessions it quickly loses a lot of fun. Still one of the better games I have played"
