user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198058449000,Recommended,242860,23377179,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Xuorel,"> Launch game> Join French squad already in a game> Meet this one guy, we'll call him Frenchybro> Me and Frenchybro chill in our trench, killing men together> We build a pretty cool relationship> We keep switching firing positions (never fire in the same place twice)> Shells and bullets flying over, hear some people screaming for their mothers> We get the orders to go over the top and charge the enemy trench> Me and Frenchybro hang along the edge of the battlefield while the enemy fire is focused on other people> Start taking fire and dip into a crater> We land on a dead horse, half buried, along with a fallen German, rifle and ammo clips lying around, along with a soup cup> Me and Frenchybro half a few rounds land near us, we wait a little longer to peek over> Planes and shells flying over, so many shells it's a wonder the planes weren't hit> Bullets stop landing near us> Hear dirt kick up next to us in the crater> I turn to Frenchybro, and a grenade suddenly goes off right under his feet> Leg instantly gone, he's on the ground squirming, and screaming> I crouch down next to him, ""It's okay, I'm gonna get you out of here.""> He stops squirming, Frenchybro now lies dead next to me> Lay down with him for however long> Peek over the edge of the crater and see Americans, other French, and some British charging towards the trench> I leave Frenchybro in that crater, and charge into the enemy trench> Kill a few last men for Frenchybro> Torn apart by a machinegun and an NCO's Luger> Charge fails> Everyone dead for nothing, no land was gained> Frenchybro died for nothingWar ♥♥♥♥ing sucks."
76561198046539663,Recommended,242860,15646678,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,komrade_karl,"If we look at Verdun in the standards of modern gaming, it fails miserably.Compared to triple A games and large developers, Verdun and it's developers fails in almost every aspect of game making.No first day DLC save final updates.No microtransactions.No ""pay to win"" mentality.No unrealistic twitch shooting.No dodgy business practices.No massive failures on day one.No insane advantage for high level gamers.No false advertising.By today's standards, verdun would fail on the table of EA, Bethesda, CA, SEGA, Nintendo, and just about every single gaming company that is larger than, say, CD Projekt Red.These failures, however, make this game the best FPS on the market as of now.These indie developers have crafted the most satisfying experience I have had in a first person shooter in a long damned time.The game is perfectly digestable, the upgrades system is easy to get, the weapons are balanced and look and handle fantastically...The list of amazing acheivements this game has accomplished could go on for pages of writing.Verdun created it's own version of FPS gameplay, taking us to an era most companies find dull and drab.  The trench warfare turn based attack gameplay is insane, as you see first hand the horrors of the First World War, which, by the way, is now 100 years past.I bought this game in eraly access and was satisfied with it.  Now I can't get enough of it!I have been fed up with large companies coming out with garbage and selling DLC every five minutes.  Verdun's updates and new squards are being released free of charge over the next while, so this game will become even better and more varied than it is now.Verdun is one of a special kind of game, one that requires teamwork to dominate the map.  While battlefield has become zany and unrealistic, Verdun forces you to play as a team, and unlike in battlefield, if you fail to do so, you will die again, and again, and again.I cannot recommend this game more to anyone.  The learning curb is massive, but you have so many classes to play as that are open to even the newest players.Honestly there is something satisfying about having to use bolt action rifles in a trench that is captivating in and of itself.  It is insanly addicitive and the squad based gameplay is incredible.Verdun is by far the best FPS I have ever played as I have put in so many hours of my life into it (roughly 10 hours alone in hte last few weeks).I cannot recommend this game any more.SO GO BUY IT.And as for some advice, keep your head down.This isn't Call of Duty."
,Recommended,242860,22899148,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Porkchop Sandwiches,-Played a round for a half hour-Game ended in a draw-Nobody gained any ground-Everybody died for nothing- 10/10 authentic WW1
76561198043964537,Recommended,242860,15591657,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,CHEEKI BREEKI VI DAMKE,"- Do I get shot at? Check- Do I die the moment I pop my head above the trench? Check- Do I get bombed out and shelled? Check- Do I scream out in fustration at the stupidity of the situations I land myself in? Check- Do I go on suicidal charges across a few meters of land out of desperation? Check- Do I ..... Get to return the favor? ♥♥♥♥ YESYou will die in this game, a lot. But you'll have fun. Lots of it."
76561198021574750,Recommended,242860,16453884,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Soldier,"I feel that after two years of playing this game both on browser and on Steam that I'm qualified to write a semi-intelligent review on this game.Verdun. A truly one-of-a-kind experience that blends the familiarity of standard FPS games, and the uniqueness of the World War One era. This is the only game that you will find for this time period and genre of game, and for there to be only one choice, Verdun fills the niche perfectly. The developers are active on the forums and after every major patch I can see implementations of things that were mentioned in the forums. As well as amazing devs, the gameplay is very immersive. Although I can only play on low graphics, the immersion in the game while running up to take a trench is mind-boggling. This game does what no other company has tried to do and has pushed the boundaries of what, by many, was thought to be an impossible idea. Most people assumed that a World War One game would be boring and have no playerbase. They were wrong. Kudos to Matt, Mike, Leo, and the rest of the squad for making a dream game come true."
76561198072591477,Recommended,242860,13140197,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,JoKeR$435,"Fantastic game that really captures the WW1 Essence.The only thing that i think the game is missing is the ""ANZACS"" You need to add a Gallipoli map and Re-capture that horrific battle between the Anzacs and the Ottomons if you guys could create such a thing your Australian and New Zealand Community would be very thankful. Adding these Factions and maps would really thrive and push this game further then it already is. Anyway please take this theory in and if there are any Aussies or Kiwi's reading this please back me up on this idea we all know you want this just as much as i do :)"
76561198049819329,Recommended,242860,15579637,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,echo1,"Verdun is a timely homage to those who fought in the First World War, it's that good.An OverviewVerdun. A word that encapsulates the horrors of the First World War. For it was at Verdun where the belligerents to the fighting had to endure some of the most appalling living and fighting conditions during the course of the war on the Western Front. The incessant shelling had turned the once pristine land into a wasteland. The constant disturbance of the clay at Verdun and the driving rain caused the formation of deep craters filled with oozing liquid that could drown men if they were so unfortunate as to fall into the hell hole. The battle was so ferocious a man is said to have been killed every minute of every day for 9 months. A death toll of some 800,000 men. One infantry man wrote 'If you have not seen Verdun, you haven't seen anything of war'.Verdun the GameVerdun is not primarily focused on the 9-month battle of Verdun of 1916, but rather encompasses 6 intensively researched maps, each portraying a different sector along the Western front, in which the Entente and Central Powers fought so ferociously over between 1914-1918.Why Verdun SucceedsI don't think it is premature to state that the developers of Verdun, have made a tour de force in the form of Verdun. It is rare to find a game, that catapults you into an era in history with such an eye for detail, that you'll find yourself swearing that you are there. The immersion level in Verdun is what has kept me coming back to Verdun time and time again (286 hours on record).VisualsThe game runs on Unity 5, perhaps the most popular Graphics engine currently around. Having had the game for 10 months or so, I have witnessed the transformation of Verdun's art direction first hand. It is only in the past 6 months, where the visuals have elevated the production values of the game to stratospheric heights. Notable visual details include:-On ultra, the deformation of No Man’s Land is a feast for the eyes. However, even on low the game looks good.-The character models have been researched to a very high degree, with excellent texturing.-Artillery shells impact the ground as you would expect. Showering men with debris and sending intense plumes of smoke high into the air.- Water logged craters, reflect the environment and character models.-Those trees not victim to shelling, look accurate.- The mud, especially on the map 'Artois' and 'Flanders' look photo-realistic.-Gas obscures your vision as it should, and the way it slowly creeps through the trench systems is impressive looking.Ambient SoundsFrom the whistling of bullets over your head, to the dull thud of shells in the distance, Verdun shines in depicting the sounds of the Great War. Rifles from the Entente and Central Powers make distinctive 'cracks', whilst the man suffocating from a gas attack near you, gasps in desperation. Other ambient highlights include:-Voice commands by fellow players which can be entered using the X key. There are over 20 instructions/emotions you can use. The most commonly used is 'Take Cover' and 'Retreat'!- Mud squelches beneath your feet, when running in poorly irrigated battlefields such as Flanders.-Officers (NCO's) can use their whistle to direct where their squad should position themselves.-Reconnaissance aircraft can be heard (and seen) meandering their way above the frontlines.Squad progressionProgression in Verdun is unlike anything you’ve seen before in an FPS. Verdun relies heavily on the use of squads. A squad comprises of 4 men each and there are 4 squads in each team. Each squad brings a unique role, uniform and weaponry to the battlefield. If you are in a match with certain players often and they are in your squad, the game will automatically track and save your progress (xp) with those people. Overtime, building enough experience with these players will elevate your squad rank which in turn unlocks a plethora of new abilities. These new abilities include the use of mustard gas and artillery barrages!Personal progressionVerdun of course also tracks your own personal growth within the game. There are over 40+ unique roles to unlock during the course of the game. Reaching the rank of level 100 is a bruising yet satisfying experience.Battle ModesThere are battle modes in Verdun. Frontlines and Deathmatch.Frontline modeThis mode tries to depict and simulate the mainly futile efforts of soldiers to try and take trenches on the Western front during WW1. It is almost flawless in design. A frontlines battle usually lasts 25- 45 minutes depending upon which map you’re playing on. When a game begins you’re either authorised by the game to ‘attack’ or ‘defend’. Once the initial attack timer is over (usually 5 minutes long) and provided the enemy have not achieved a foothold (whereby extra time is afforded to the attackers if they are able to place men in the enemy trench before and after the initial attack timer has needed) then it is tasked with the defenders to attack. This counter-attack and defend system really forces squad collaboration. It is imperative that squads cover the entire length of a trench system, if they are to avoid being overrun and their trench taken. However, once the first line of a trench is taken the defeated team ‘fall back’ to their prepared 2nd defensive trench line. Thus, even if you lose a trench, you can always take it back.  There can be as many as 3 trench lines on a map. Some 32 players (16 vs 16) can fight it out in total on any map.Death Match ModeThis is by far the least popular of the 2 battle modes. This mode sees you enter into a rifle death match to kill as many players as possible. There are no teams in this one, which forces players to rely on their marksman skills. The maps in this mode, whilst identical to those of Frontline mode, are far smaller.OptimisationThe level of optimisation for PC and Laptops has improved vastly during Early Access. The developers have spent a considerable time optimising the game. It now runs at almost 60fps on ultra for me, where before it would run at a mere 12fps.Future contentWhilst Verdun is being released tomorrow (27/04/2015), the developers have expressed their desire to keep supporting the game post-release. They have hinted at possible new squads such as the Americans and the German pioneer squads. New maps have already been made and shall soon be ‘updated’ in the game. A developer has personally hinted to me that there will be a hard core mode in the near future, which will focus on even greater depth of immersion.Final wordVerdun caters towards an audience who appreciates a squad-based World War experience . From the person who wants that feeling of cooperation with their teammates to the player who wishes to be immersed in a WW1 FPS, you can’t go amiss with this title. The visual fidelity is impressive and when accompanied with the ambient sounds, Verdun surpasses most FPS shooters based in war time. The Frontlines mode whilst simply executed is genius. Never before has defence or counter-attack been as exhilarating as this. As a young man, who lost both his great great uncles to the First World War on the Western Front, Verdun for me bears testament to the sacrifices made by all the men, from every nation involved in the ‘war to end all wars’. M2H and Blackmill Games have brought WW1 to life, like never before and for that I am eternally grateful.I score the game 9.7 out of 10. My only criticism is that I don't ever play the deathmatch mode.Thanks for reading this.Note: Since this review the developers have confirmed in their 'Road map' for Verdun that many more squads, maps and realism modes will be included to the game in the coming months. A new gore system is to be added, complete with shredded limbs. The 'Road map' demonstrates the developers true loyalty to their fan base."
76561198037577363,Recommended,242860,23545317,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Waffen Schutzstaffel,"Basically a game for those who think Battlefield 1 looks pretty cool, but want a more authentic and horrifying look at how WW1 was TRULY fought."
76561197998352233,Recommended,242860,15907744,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Eberhardt,"A very nice game.Pros:+ World War I theme. There are very few games set in this time period (at least vs. WWII titles);+ User-friendly & intuitive interface;+ Authentic trench warfare: covered in mud, crawling across bleak landscape... only to be killed with a single bullet from only hell knows where. Happy times XD+ Gas warfare. The only game (in my memory at least) where you can actually gas your opponents;+ Good selection of weapons and squad roles;+ Good servers; no lags / connection issues.Cons... well, only one and, unsurprisingly, it lies with the players' ""ingenuity"":- One-man squads. There are 4 4-man squads per side in the match, if 4 people create 4 different squads because all of them want to be snipers / machine gunners, they prevent new fully complemented squads from joining the match."
,Recommended,242860,17076951,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Kerensky,"GREAT GAME... if you can appreciate it.It's an innovative FPS because kicks away annoying players who cannot stand the way it's played, but attracts the gentleman players, those who you totally want to play with.It's totally old fashion with nowdays tech, and that's very attractive for the kind of players does not feels comfortable on Call of Duty-like games. Why? let's see:It's WW1 reallistic, so:1.-One bullet, you're dead.2.-You're going to die a lot.There's no other way to play, so if you think it's all about getting frags and firing alot, stay away (your semi rifle has 5 bullets). This is totally like the Great War, you are just another soldier between millions and you have to run to the trench crossing no mans land, that's like 70% chances to get shot, fall into artillery fire, or taste the barbwire. If you reach the trench, alone will do nothing, can kill some but you need your team to capture it. If you can conquer it, congratulations, hold it because the enemy is counter-attacking. If you fail, get back to your trench, it's time to defend against the enemy...Also, usually you don't know who or what killed you or how... so you need to relax and be patience on this game.That means all the kids, trolls, frenetic players and mainly all kind of online players you usually hate will leave soon, and only fine players willing to play properly will stay... and this is such a HUGE reward!!!If you are one of them, you'll find many good times playing in squads, with old fashioned weapons in the WW1 warfare and it's own strategy, you'll find very find people in Verdun.Bad things? Servers aren't as good as a major company, so you'll get lag many times, the technology and graphics are OK, the needed to play, and still there's some bugs...BUT, if you like reallistic games, historic warfare, and the long-forgotten sensation to play just for fun and really getting it from being part of a well made assault and get your objective in team play... welcome to the community of Verdun."
,Recommended,242860,26722105,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,John Smith,"We were sitting in this trench shooting at the people trying to take our trench, the guy next to me gets hit, i look at him, he falls down while grabbing his shoulder.He screams in agony but i try to concentrate on my aim, after a while the screaming stops and i hit a guy who was a about 20 meters away from our trench.Seconds later we get the message that we repelled the enemy attack, and we must try to take their trench now, Me and my squad jump over the top and start running.We are lucky, their machine gun saw another squad first, so they are the ones getting mowed down, I run past the guy who I shot earlier, he lays there in the mud, drowning in his own blood, I must have hit him in the throat.Suddenly our officer gets hit, their machine gun had chosen their next prey, me and our gunner jumped in one crater, our rifleman jumps in the crater next to us. we stayed in our craters untill the MG had lost intrest in us. the moment we decided to crawl out a mortar lands right into the crater next to us, i catch a quick glance of the burned torso that was once our rifleman. The gunner and me (grenadier) continue our run trough No man's land.We finally arrive at their trench, the Gunner sets up his MG and waits untill the enemy shows up, I watched his back.After a while we hear fire. I turn around, and see my gunner just before he gets taken by the Flamethrower of the enemy, I manage to get around a corner and throw two of my grenades in the trench were my gunner got killed. The explosion took two of them, I see a leg flying out of the trench.I'm now alone, i retreat from the trench, and when I'm out we get called back, our attack lost its momentum. I make it back in our trench. And it all starts again. nobody lost, nobody wins.And this my childeren is your average match in Verdun.11/10 A true masterpiece."
,Recommended,242860,23459748,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ivan ivanovich ivanovsky,"Verdun has excellet gameplay and graphics and all that, but what I don't see people talking about a lot is how Verdun goes beyond the screen.  The gore, for example, is not really meant to awe at.  When you shoot someone and blow their arm off, or you shoot someone in the gut and have to listen to their screams for a minute or so, you actually kinda start to feel responsible.  Seeing all the explosions, experiencing suppression, seeing the gore, and experiencing the dark and depressing atmosphere can really sort of open your eyes to what the war was.  It's not like killing evil nazis or crazy zombies.  It makes you realize that you're killing a living, breathing human being, and that's something that no game has ever made me feel.  It can make you realize that people were actually doing and seeing all the same stuff in real life.  Verdun is the most respectful and accurate portrayal of warfare that I've ever experienced."
76561198035678091,Recommended,242860,29887217,Posted: 12 February,all,Strix,"Death is an extremely complex theme, with a lot of meanings depending on your cultural background. But in Verdun, it becomes almost meaningless, and given that its objective is to loyally represent the memory of World War 1, I'd say mission very well accomplished.I won't lie, you will die A LOT, especially in the beggining. And even that is an understatement: if you poke your head out of the trench for more than 2 seconds, you'll promptly be sniped by a top level guy; if you charge the enemy trench, you either get sniped by said guy, or get stuck in barbed wire only to be sniped by said guy; and if you lie down in your trench, trying not to get sniped, an enemy will breach your trench and stab you in the back while you were trying to counter-snipe the original guy.That said, it is still very cathartic, especially when, after dying A LOT, your team manages to grind its way into taking the enemy trench, which depicts the memory of the war it's trying to represent a whole lot better than many triple A games out there (no finger pointing).And from time to time, you'll get one of those breakthrough moments when you save the entire team from being flanked because you threw a grenade that killed 5 guys trying to force their way into the trench. And those moments are so satisfying that you'll spend the entire conclusion of your review of this game bragging about it.But if you tire of dying, you can always flee in the opposite direction to hear your Scottish officer angrily telling you to ""GET BACK IN LINE, LAD!"" and be executed for desertion."
,Recommended,242860,22527740,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,max,They say that they are going to add stuff and then they do
,Recommended,242860,31587994,Posted: 6 May,all,TheTatlocker,I joined a squad called 'Crippling depression' which was next to a squad called 'Hitler did nothing wrong'. So far im loving the community.
,Recommended,242860,32050613,Posted: 29 May,all,Mr Owl,"While Verdun has it's obvious flaws, there are many great things about this game. In order to organize this review I'm going to just leave two different categories with my thoughts about the game.Pros-The playerbase is pretty chill with the game, and they have fun just as much as they want to win. You won't really see anyone roleplay, which can be annoying in other games. I've only encountered cheaters twice to date, but I know others say they've encountered alot more, so I don't have a concise answer-The developers are great and are really interactive with the community. The listen alot of the time and they actually try to make the game better for it's players.-The maps of the game are well-made, and they tried to make them feel as life-like as possible, meaning as wore down and tore up as the actual war. There's a great variety of settings, to the French forest, the mud of Flanders, a fort that's decayed from bombardment, and even a nighttime map. All in all I don't really have any complaints-The weapons and first-person animations are expertly made. They really do look nice, but they're not AAA tier, which is alright. The gore system is very well-made, and different parts of the body respond with different wounds. My one complaint is that the hands can look kind of blocky and weird with some certain weapons and reloading animationsmainly pistolsbut besides that I appreciate the effort that went into the weaponsCons-I think a good place to start is the sounds. This has been brought up many times before, but I really think they could do with some updating. As for right now they sound like something out of Call of Duty 3-I know they're working on optimizing it better but sometimes Verdun is really frustrating to play when you can see your bullet go through someone's head and then they shoot you back. I've also experienced sudden frame drops, and while it's not as bad as the past it still takes me out of the game.-My final complaints are with some of the apsects of the game itself. There are times when I've been standing at least 15 feet away from a grenade running away and I was insta-killed from the explosion. I'm not sure if this is the normal damage system or just a bug, but it's happened more than once. As for the barbed wire I really like it's inclusion in the game, but having death by barbed wire count as suicide seems dumb because you can't even tell when the barbed wire is going to kill you.tl;drVerdun is a game with lots of effort thrown in, with a mostly-positive result. The playerbase and devs are generally nice, and the game itself is packed with content. My complaints mainly consist of the game not being optimized enough, and weak sounds accompanied by some clunky animations in-game. Most of this can be fixed however, and I'm sure this isn't the end for Verdun. Maybe in the next installment some of my requests will be answered."
,Recommended,242860,32150438,Posted: 3 June,all,Inquisitor,>Play on Ypres>90% of ur team camping in trenches>U and ur 2 teammates are the only ones to attack>FUR DEN KAISER GOTT MIT UNS!>Capture enemy trenches>Repel enemy counterattack>3 German soldiers vs whole fkin french army>Kaiser will be proud19/18 Wilhelm II likes it.
76561198072680063,Recommended,242860,30236222,Posted: 28 February,all,Hölle muss warten,"I personally don't think this game can be simply recommended or not recommended; if you are interested in an authentic (key word) WW1 shooter, then absolutely purchase it. If not, then stay far away. This game takes authenticity very seriously, and there's very little room for standard FPS characteristics. You will almost always die in 1 shot (90-95% of the time), you will die very frequently (particularly in No Man's Land), and you will get frustrated. It is undeniably rage-inducing to spend what seems like an eternity sprinting from crater to crater in No Man's Land to finally get to the enemy trench and then as soon as you hop in you take a bullet to the face and have to start the journey all over again. This will happen a lot, so unless you're in it for the historical thrill (if that makes sense), prepare to scream at your computer screen. Another major aspect of this game that gives it such a high level of authenticity is the outcome of matches. True to WW1, a majority of matches will end in a draw, with no team getting a victory, and a nice death toll at the end to remind you that all those hundreds of deaths were for absolutely nothing. Somehow, though, 45 minutes of back-and-forth trench assaults just doesn't get boring, since you always have that hope that you'll get lucky enough to make it safely to the enemy trench and root them out. Normally, that hope is followed a second later by a nice bullet to the face from sweeping machine gun fire.I definitely believe this is one of the best shooters I have ever played. No other FPS will make you hit the dirt as fast as possible than Verdun when you hear machine gun fire whizzing over your head. No other FPS will make you as terrified of sticking your head out for even just a split second than Verdun. No other FPS will make you tense up and grimace as much while you're running across a muddy field than Verdun. This game is totally incomparable to any other game I've ever seen, and that's what makes it so good."
,Recommended,242860,32007012,Posted: 27 May,all,Xunzi,"Look at my review,now look at my hours played,That's how long it took for me to get a kill."
,Recommended,242860,31533913,Posted: 3 May,all,Iggy the Iguana,*Spawn in*-InVerdun with my squad and the new wave of teammates-MY NCO orders an artillery on thee enemy trench and an NCO teammate calls in a smoke-the smoke covers the view of the German's and their MG/08s in the opposing trench-My squad coordinates an attack and we charge out of our trench-we run through No-Man's land-Their is artillery landing around us and our squad keeps our heads down as we move up-We hop into their trench-My squad mate is bayoneted and I kill the enemy-My squad clears the trench as we head towards the objective-Then our entire team is mowed down by a firing squad of MG/08s (basically how it works)-10/10 realistic game that shows what the trench warfare was like in WW1. Good community with people that make squads fun.
,Recommended,242860,10496674,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Clubbins,"This being a WW1 game and that I have a keen interest in it's history, I was determined to look for any historical flaws or gameplay flaws that contradicted anything from WW1. Well I have to say, based on those factors and the gameplay itself, I am very impressed!The maps are designed in a way that would either mean the player has to resort to trench warfare, long distance warfare or even a mixture of both, getting the player to adapt to their surroundings and making them become more tactical in their decisions and how they would approah the enemy, which is an excellent feature! The maps also contain a lot of hidden elemnts and restricitons that relate to the kinds of conditions of WW1 (e.g. barbed wire hazards and execution for desertion), which make the game very knowledgable to its historical context as well as adding challenge for players.The weapons are also historically accurate as they should be and although there is not much variety in weapon types (5-7 rifles, 1 pistol type each team, 1 MG type each team), there is definitely a sense of competitivity through its ranking systems for weapons, classes and overall all personel rank. This makes the game a hell of a lot more addicting and can make players determined to reach target ranks to unlock more classes for frontline gameplay and unlocks for more rifles in deathmatch gameplay. Although most weapon damage is quite powerful since most rifles tend to kill either instantly or sometimes after 2 shots (depedning on player distance from target), they do allow the player to experiment with different fighting tactics in which pistol classes can be used in trench combat and MGs for defensive purposes as examples.Squad systems are also a good element which gets the player to think greatly about his fellow team members rather than his own killstreaks. Squad ranking is used in each game and the more experience points recieved together as a group, the more bonus perks can be used to give them greater advantages in frontline combat. There are also a set of 4 classes in the squadron which each have different roles and weapons like the commander, who can give movement orders, mortar strikes andrecon planes but is only equiped with a pistol and binoculars. These types of loadouts in squads allow the player to think more about their class role and how they assist their team members in different situationsAll these features do make quite an interesting game on it's own, however it is an early access game and it of course will have its flaws. Aside animation errors and sudden lags during or other glitches during gameplay, the game itself does not offer you much choice as to what game modes you can play or how you can play. A the moment, there are only 2 game modes, both of which require many people to just run around and shoot people. That's more or less it. Even objectives in Frontlines is obtained through killing players, it doesnt allow player much to do and can easily become quite a boring process for most. If it were to add more game modes with extra objective features that require players to for example arm bombs, use artillery equipement or maybe even use chlorine gas artilery to get players to use gas masks or avoid certain areas of the battlefield. It could do with graphic improvement and model improvements to, but like I said, it is an early access. As far as I'm aware, apparently a free download of the game can be aquired legally on the internet somewhere, which leaves reason to suggest why they would con people to pay money for a free access beta.All things aside, this game has definitely been through a thoughtful and well put development process and is generally a great war based game. We could do with more WW1 games, and this seems to pull of it's aspects brilliantly.[EDIT: Just note that this review was written before the game's more recent major updates. Things like graphics and other features are being improved even more and the game looks more smashing every time there's a new update. Also, I doubt it was influenced by me but I made a suggestion in this review to add a gas bomb feature based on the realities of WW1 and I couldn't believe it when they actually implemented a feature like that! All said and done from this review, it constantly improves and it begins to feel more and more like a true WW1 game!]"
,Recommended,242860,13208077,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Pwnicus,"What is Verdun? TL;DR - an engaging, WWI trench warfare, attack and defend style FPS game. From my own research it's pretty historically accurate too, regarding uniforms and weaponry, and the different nations' units that fought in the European theatre.- - -Not every FPS-er is going to throw down their Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare or CS:GO for the chance to go ""over the top"" with low rate of fire hundred year old Lewis machine guns or bolt action Enfield rifles, but if you're a military history buff like me who likes the occasional FPS romp (but, honestly, are sick of all the WWII games) then switching gears to The Great War is a refreshing change. Expect to spawn in, go over the top to attack, and immediately get K98'd in the face a few times. It's unforgiving like that. But then in the same match you might lead an attack on the enemy trench and clear the whole thing, racking up kills and feeling ""some type of way.""Verdun tries to emphasize squad-based tactics and operating with your squadmates by granting you perks for staying within your CO's command aura, and xp bonuses for fighting alongside your squad. There are 4 positions in each squad, always a CO, usually a rifleman, a machine gunner, and a fourth specialty class like grenadier or sniper. Not every squad's job classes are cookie cutter versions of the same thing just renamed, there is enough variance in all the different loadouts (you get better weapons for the different classes with xp/leveling, as in CoD) that most players should find something they like.  I quickly found I don't like the French squad much - their weapons are great, jobs are pretty well balanced but those damn bright blue uniforms stand out! I usually play the Tommies, British infantry, as a Lewis gunner. It's heavy, wildy innacurate when not deployed on its bipod, recruit-level slow reloads, but when I catch the enemy on the offensive and I'm prone with the bipod deployed I can cut down several squads' advances if they aren't covered properly.There's so much more I could ramble on about, but I think I'm just gonna boot the game up now! Check out some gameplay videos if you're on the fence about buying this. I also have a growing collection of screenshots ""for ze lulz"" you can glance at. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,242860,18439287,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Barney Calhoun,realistic? yesannoying cus you die easily? yesrecommended for people who love ww1? yesis it just another boring fps game? noperfect history game? yestrench warfare? yesbe able to play atleast 1 hour non stop? yesthis game is amazing!
76561197975861915,Recommended,242860,15599903,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mechagran,"This game is for proper war game buffs. It gives me the same tingles as COD (the first one) and Mohaa. It insists you play as a team, otherwise you quickly become alone, exposed and as a team, fragmented and ineffectual. It is a superb game in many ways, but most importantly having played it since it's Alpha phase inception, it does one major thing right - it does not allow spammers, sprayers or any selfish people to win simply by fluke. It tells you a proper story about trench warfare; you fight together or die alone. The graphics are now great, the immersion is fantastic. Deaths are brutally quick and soul-crushingly quiet on occasion; one minute your pal is there, the next he is in a shell hole face down in the mud. Alternatively the crack of a sniper bullet suddenly halts your next step, or a shell explodes and all that is left of you is pink mist. This game brings the trenches to your computer and genuinely tries to demostrate that war is not glorious. It is sad, poignant and utterly maddening. You will care about your life. You will care about others' lives. You will hate dying and you will die over and over again. Practice hard, play hard, and you will be the one whislting ""come death come"" as you silently end life."
76561198066563475,Recommended,242860,31596117,Posted: 6 May,all,KrautHead,"Easily beats BF1 in realstic aspects. Super fun game that once you start you cant stop. Has bugs from time to time, but they usualy get worked out by the next update. I also made a lot of friends playing this game so theres that. 100/10 would fight for Germany again."
,Recommended,242860,23414394,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Garenator,it said I killed 4 people with a grenade but I couldn't find enough body parts to confirm all the kills
,Recommended,242860,29494370,Posted: 25 January,all,Soarin,French factions are not DLCs. 10/10 best game.
76561198044594433,Recommended,242860,22611474,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,✟ ✠ Jesus ✠ ✟,"How this game plays:You attack ,you get blown up by artillery.You defend,you get blown up by artillery.You afk,you get blown up by artillery.You cry,you get blown up by artillery.You take a♥♥♥♥♥♥you get blown up by artillery.You dont play the game,your PC gets hit by artillery.10/10 would die by artillery again."
76561197978122020,Recommended,242860,15606009,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kaizoku,"Verdun, simply put, is one of the most ambitious and fully realized first-person shooters that a lot of similar games never come close to achieving.This game literally bleeds with passion for recreating one of the most horrifying chapters in human history. From the ambient WW1-era music in the main menus to the sprawling trench-lines on the battlefields to even individual soldiers' uniforms this game is truly the product of a dedicated team.The core game mode of Verdun entails capturing and holding trenches of course. The Entente and Central Powers take turns attacking and defending until time runs out or one side captures every line. Many other games have a similar ""capture and hold this area"" gameplay mechanic but Verdun takes a different approach. Soldiers can establish footholds in a trench so that their teams' overall attack can continue, and if enough defenders are killed momentum can swift in the attackers' favor by giving them more time to take the trench. The defenders can however take back the initiative by pushing all enemy players out their trench and preventing any more players from entering until the attack phase ends.In order for your team to be able to successfully attack and defend their trenches, working with your squad is an absolute must! But what is great about Verdun is how squad gameplay feels natural and fluid unlike other games that use a forced squad mechanic. Squads in Verdun are compromised of four men each assigned a role within a overall squad type. As of this writing, the three squad type include line infantry, recon, and assault squads. Line infantry squads can call in artillery strikes, have machine gun capabilities, accurate rifle fire and access to grenades. Recon squads are fast moving, highly accurate riflemen that can use a recon plane to reveal enemies positions to the squad. The assault squad is able to call in gas to harass the enemy, can be equipped with melee weapons (think trench clubs and shovels) and have access to advanced weaponry.While these squads on their own can be rather deadly, they can get much better through squad experience points you earn when you play with the same players repeatedly. As your squad levels up, each squad role will get access to better skills such as the ability to hold your breath longer and upgraded capabilities such as improved artillery strikes or a recon plane bombing run depending on what the squad type is. As you individually level up, you will unlock career points which can be used to purchase more loadouts for each squad role. This can all sound a little intimidating at first, but everything comes together seamlessly creating a highly customizable playing experience that caters to individual players' tastes.So after spending more than 300 hours in Verdun since getting the game in October 2013, what makes me continue to come back to the trenches? Every time I play the game feels fresh and frankly just plain fun to play. One of the best mechanics of Verdun is how well paced the overall gameplay is. You can easily have a slow moment in the game where you are hanging back in the trenches waiting for the the enemy to come. Next minute, artillery is raining down all over the trench-line, gas is quick seeping in creating a deadly and terrifying sensation as you quickly dawn your gas mask. You look to your side as some of your unfortunate teammates asphyxiate to death on the fumes since they were too slow to equip their mask. Suddenly you hear a shout and see enemy players charging over the top of your trench bashing in any your teammates they see leaving you only seconds to fight them off or face certain death.It's these little experiences in Verdun that really make the game worth coming back to again and again. The only real complaint I had and still somewhat have with Verdun is the thorny issue of optimization. Ever since the game was moved to the Unity 5 engine, it has always been difficult for a fair amount of players including me to get a consistent framerate with the game. The issue seems to be irrespective of what your hardware setup is, as I meet the recommended system requirements and I have seen users who more than meet recommended get a paltry FPS. However the developers to their credit have and continue to release numerous patches that have addressed optimization issues. There are sill annoying micro-stutters in framerate I encounter from time to time, even when there is not too much action onscreen. But again recent builds largely created a highly playable game and I am confident the developers will only improve the game further.All in all, I cannot highly recommend Verdun enough. With exciting new squad types, game modes and maps in the works and the possibility of expansion packs in the future, Verdun has dug its foxhole and is here to stay! With that then, see you in the trenches!"
,Recommended,242860,28418979,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Tony12w09,"Verdun is a tactical first-person shooter.I like:- Trench battles- Gore and body parts- Detailed landscape graphics- Real-world weapon models- Prone, crouch, stand, zooming, holding breath, melee, etc.- Real-world environment modelsI would like to see:- Local voicechat- Fluid animations- Destructible environment- Higher frames per second, more optimization- Leaning left and right- Realism mode enforcement (no crosshairs, no bullet counter, no kill feed, more confusion, etc.)The developers are working on more realism. I can't wait to see."
,Recommended,242860,32680142,Posted: 23 June,all,Mr.Skullfuckery,I payed $6 for the PTSD and trenchfoot...It was well spent
,Recommended,242860,26606192,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DeadTetris,"I'm crawling down in the mud among the dead men. We all signed for this, some of them added a year to their age to go here, to reach this hell. The bomb struck few meters away from me. Tinnitus in my left ear. All I can hear is buzzing noise that drives me nuts. Our attack didn't succeed. Now we're defending this point desperately and I can hear enemy... I can FEEL enemy getting closer.Too afraid to raise my head, to afraid to take a look. I keep my head low. It might save my life. I've seen it before. Head goes above the sandbag line... Splattered brain showers the muddy trench. I can't move. My NCO told me to stay here. Moving away, progressing or backing up would mean I'm a deserter. And we all knew what happens to those poor souls.I see a sizzling bomb dropping a few meters away and suddenly, the trench is filled with thick green smoke. Mustard. Senfgas, as Germans call it. I feel like a trapped mouse. Panic takes control over my body. My hands are struggling to protect my face with a gas mask. I... I did it. I've started running away mindlessly from the deafening noise of shots.I feel the enemy getting clos...Bayonet strikes my chest and pierces skin, muscles and bones. The pointy, rusty blade exits through my back. I taste blood on my tongue. Thundering noise in my head, I raise it to see the eyes of my killer. He has the same eyes, just like me, hidden behind the gas mask, just like mine. He... he's me, the same frightened boy who will think of his mother the way I'm thinking about mine right now... maybe a bit later. Maybe tomorrow. Who knows... He's just been a bit more lucky than me at this moment. I can sense his misery and fear while he pulls the steel out and pushes me away. As I fall down, I see him going away. Leaving my body to be swallowed by everlasting darkness...This is Verdun."
76561198069291594,Recommended,242860,16969800,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Widew THICC,This game is nothing like call of duty. That should be the seller right there. But anyway this game is purely based on teamwork. Not one single person can singlehandedly take out al of the enemy team and capture the trench line. Its teamwork. And When ever you see gas dont take the chance and try to charge throught it because that one time you think its Bromide gas its actually Mustard Gas and its all to late for you my soon to be ded freind. This is also Dying Simulator so yeah you will die alot tellig you now just get the game stop reading this buy it do it now . We need moar people on the front.
,Recommended,242860,16349123,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TeraBaap,Uninstall other shooter FPS (EA)Install VerdunLaunch the gameGo prone - dieStand up - dieRush to the enemy base - dieTry to snipe - get sniped by somebody elseRageRepeatDefinitely recommend this game to anyone
,Recommended,242860,26155122,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,DerAustinZone,"Battlefield 1 feels like a light run and gun type of game. Verdun, however, is the true World War I experience. 11/10"
,Recommended,242860,8170623,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,mump,"OverviewVerdun is supposedly the first WWI FPS. Made by two indie companies with a total of three developers, while many think such low development wouldn't be successful, the game proves them wrong.PresentationGraphics in this game are superb, not many people expect much more out of an indie company. There are some graphic options in the menu however I wish there was just a bit more. Currently there are no sound controls, but the developers said they will add it in at a later date. As far as the battlefields go, they are rather spectacular, however somewhat bland. There is detail in every little part, with huge craters in no man's land, dead animals in the middle of no man's land barbed wire all over, it gives the player a feeling like they are actually experiencing WWI. Currently there are three maps, but I believe that they are working on adding more, all three look authentic and believable. However there are some drawbacks. Low frame rates haunt almost every player in this beta, while not unplayable it's more annoying, especially when you get killed because your fps dropped during the action. Hopefully this can be fixed before release. (UPDATE: Devs have released an update, upgrading their engine and fixing some lag, while I still experience some, it is minimized.)  The menus are a bit buggy, but overall the devs have done a superb job on the visual side.GameplayGameplay is supposedly centered around you squad and your role in it. Yet with no current voice chat and little incentive to stay with your squad, your officer could be on the complete other side of the map and it would have no influence on your gameplay. However if you play with your friends and you really drive your squad based gameplay, it can actually help, turning your squad into a cruel fighting machine. This game has a leveling up system, your squad levels up with new uniforms and tech, and you have your own level, aswell as your rifles get leveled up. The leveling system needs some work as it doesn't seem like it is that responsive or effective. The main mode (or atleast what I presume is the main mode) is what their version of what the western front is. You get a set amount of time to storm the enemy trench with your team. If you can kill everyone in that trench and hold it for a set amount of time that is now your front line trench and you have to defend for the same amount of time. However if you are unsuccessful in storming the trench, you have about 30 seconds to retreat back into your trench and defend. If you don't make it back in 30 seconds you're deemed a deserter and are killed, but more on that later. I assume the gameplay is actually decently realistic, removing some factors, but is pretty fun. The other game mode is a rifle deathmatch. Basically it is a free for fall across the entire map. This is a great way to work out the maps and practice your rifling skills. One of the problems with this game is that you die way too much. It's easy to die in a normal game 30+ times. Some would call this being realistic and I get that, but at points it can just be annoying. Another aspect mentioned earlier is that if you go outside the area of the map the game wants you to be in you can be killed because you're ""abandoning"". If you go behind where you're supposed to, you are killed. If you leave you're trench and go forward when defending you are killed. If you're attacking and you go past their trench you are killed. This can get annoying, however it does push the WWI playstyle so it is not such a madhouse. Another annoying feature is how deadly the barbed wire is. One can simply run into them and die a few seconds later, I don't know how realistic this is, but it sure is annoying if you don't see it. The gameplay is fun, although I hope they optimize it more to make it a great game.MultiplayerThis game is currently solely multiplayer, however the devs had mentioned in the forums they are looking to add a multiplayer mode with bots, which I really hope they do, just incase I can't play online. As far as online goes the players are actually extremely nice. The players on this game are no Dota players, they actually help you out, even if they are on the opposite team, and I've seen that the teams have joked around with each other creating a great environment. Most everyone in the forums are nice aswell, answering my questions and inviting me to play with them when I didn't even ask. I hope that this can remain true beyond it's release.ExtrasThe devs are working on many things, they just released a nice Christmas update where there is a new Christmas map and you can throw snowballs at one another. This is a nice little addition, and unneeded, but it was nice of them to add it. The devs say that they will add more before release and I hope they can come through, The game is really spectacular for just three devs, and I look forward to more.SummaryVerdun is a unique WWI first person shooter by a dedicated indie team that pulled it off with a great dynamic gameplay and different game modes. With a few minor drawbacks this is a great experience any first person shooter or history fanatic should checkout, and I know I'll be playing for awhile.."
76561198172597049,Recommended,242860,15938175,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Alto ΣΩΣ,I really Like this game here is a few tips1 crouch in trenches2 Dont rage quit when you play your first game and get killed for ever3 You will Get better keep playing
,Recommended,242860,18863452,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,OnkelOptimus,"├Honest Review┤Review is based on current state of game.Game Pros• faithful weapons• great sounds• atmospheric• great gunplay• many updatesGame Cons• only decent graphics• FPS drops• small amount of active playersRelateable Games• Red OrchestraConclusionIf you like the WW1 and also like slow and realistic gameplay this game is prefect for you!(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)Looking for more steam friends? Feel free to add me"
76561198069205405,Recommended,242860,19981449,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AlmightyBenjamin,"get stuck and die in barbed wireget executed for desertingsomething explodes, I diescreaming frenchman hits me with shovel19/18 would Verdun again"
76561197977835897,Recommended,242860,24445888,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[PBB] CAiN,"This game is literally the reason I still have faith in 1) the indie gaming community 2) the historical community 3) the world at large. Thank you Verdun devs, thank you four-player based squad gameplay, and thank you Verdun community - never change! 2000+ hours since Steam Greenlight, and it's only getting better: love the free content, the gore update, the meticulously beautiful maps, the personal touch of the three core developers, the surreal weirdness, and most of all the constant attention to ""realism"" (whatever THAT is) that has been a priority since the beginning. It's gritty, and that's how war is too, as I understand from a distance. Keep it that way. As a PhD student in history, I could not support this game more. Thanks for making it Linux friendly - and bugs be damned. This game comes 100% recommended."
76561198030377124,Recommended,242860,25241887,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,It's like Battlefield 1 if it was set in WW1
76561197980628188,Recommended,242860,23425437,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MRBIGDAD,"You stand in a hole, created from what you can only guess is a bomb. Next to you is a dead soldier, his body half buried in the mud. His body is in such a bad state that you cant even tell which side he is on, or well, used to be on.Suddenly you hear that you need to push up and attack the enemies trenches. Being a soldier you emerge and blindly follow the orders given by your squad commander who is 50 meters back safe and sound with his binoculars, calling in mortar fire and is hardly in any danger at all.After setting foot in the mud above the hole you get a second to look around. Fallen comrades everywere, half of them are still alive screaming for their moms and others just screaming from the pure terror of looking at what used to be their leg.It doesn't take long for you to realize that you are all that is left from your wave of soldiers. You somehow managed to survive. After running about five meters and taking cover behind a pile of dirt you look behind yourself and see the faces of the new infantry wave starting to take their first steps out of the trenches of safety towards the fields of the battle.You feel happy for a moment thinking ""yes! reinforcments! Now I might be able to get som help and take this trench once and for all."" The happiness is soon shattered as you hear heavy enemy gunfire from a machine gun and seeing the new wave of reinforcments being slaughterd and torn to shreds from the hail of bullets. A spark of rage reaches through your body after seeing your comrads die and all you want to do is kill! Kill these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that mowes down a friend after another without any remorse. After realizing help isn't comming you think ""To hell with it!"" And with your trusty rifle and bayonnete you charge the enemy trench and somehow manage to jump down and enter it without taking a bullet in the chest. ""Look to the right and then left."" you think for yourself. The right side seems clear but there is a german soldier on the left facing away from you.And before you know it you pull the trigger, out of pure reflex. The recoil of the rifle shocks you almost as much as it shocked the german. And after realizing that he was shot the german soldier falls to the ground, screaming and crying. You hit him in the chest and it's almost like you can hear his lungs collapsing as he is gasping for air, still in shock from the extreme pain he is experiencing.The guilt starts to rise as you realize he is not much older than you are. Perhaps even younger. Immedietly you start making excuses in your head as if anyone would judge you for shooting the enemy. ""It's not my fault"", ""This was self defense"", ""I didn't mean to...."" And somewere between all of these thoughts you realize that you are no better than the people that are mowing down your comrads. You pass the young german who has now gone silent but is still moving around in pure agony.""Another one! Another german is less than five meters away!"" you think. But it is to late. He already has his sights aimed in at your heart. And suddenly you start to fall. While you are falling you see anger in the soldiers eyes. ""Perhaps it was his friend I just killed."" But it doesn't matter. Even though you can't feel the pain you are coughing up blood. You take your final breath and a small one at that. And then you die.In short this game is kinda cool"
,Recommended,242860,13650046,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dempsey,What do I have to say..... it keeps the CoD kids away!
76561198087506802,Recommended,242860,22852632,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,crazyceo,"Guy got blown up by grenade flew into sky and never came down, we're worried for him 10/10"
76561197969547092,Recommended,242860,24025619,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SG72,"In Flanders fields the poppies blow,Between the crosses, row on row...Verdun is thankfully just a game, a game that recreates the brutal horrors of trench warfare.There's no silly balancing, a machine gun will cut you down like a blade of grass, a bayonet will disembowel you and artillary will tear you limb from limb.Play this game and spare some feels for those who gave so much,"
,Recommended,242860,32076951,Posted: 30 May,all,Skinjob,"Verdun is actually excellent.Well made, and true to history.If you've read your history, that means your experience within the said polished, well made game, will be miserable. Poke your head up and die. Die from poison gas. Die from machine guns. Die from barbed wire. Die from snipers.Basically, get used to dying. It's not easy being a soldier in 1914."
76561197998303834,Recommended,242860,8896728,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,The Black Vegetable,"**updated review****posted 2014**As an early access game with a relatively small server population and only 3 developers, Verdun continues to impress me. Verdun being one of a handful of playable First World War games in existence, I was eager to fork out the $15 for the Steam beta. That was around the time the Picardie update was implemented, and I was happy to find that Verdun ran just fine on my laptop. After putting 50 hours into the three maps and finding my niche in the squad system, I can say that Verdun is only getting better.Verdun offers unique challenges and experiences that cannot be found elsewhere as a relatively simple FPS game. Currently, weapons are historically limited to bolt-action rifles, clunky machine guns, pistols, and grenades. The simplicity in weaponry helps level the playing field and keeps any one player from dominating the other team. Often when storming a trench I will cut down the first man in front of me and the man behind him will take me down while I re-chamber only to be shot by my squad mate that has (hopefully) followed behind. This unique nature of Verdun helps make it playable to most people even if they are bad at a traditional FPS, and I appreciate that.There are still things that frustrate me about Verdun. Things like prone blocking that keep me from taking cover when it is vital, inactive players blocking the trench, the multiple shots sometimes required to kill, and the inexplicable tendency for small pieces of wood on the map to get in-between my crosshairs and the enemy. I am sure any real problems will be addressed by developers because they are undoubtedly in tune with the dedicated community of players and any useful feedback given to them.To summarize, Verdun was worth my money and the positive trend of developer support and effort is showing no signs of lessening.**updated content, 2016**After a few years of playing Verdun on-and-off since my original purchase, I still recommend this game to any prospective buyer. My previous statement about the positive trend of development has definitely played out over these years. Content including 5 new maps, 8 new squads (with 4 new nationalities represented), nearly 50 new weapons, two new game modes, and an intense gore option have been added (for free) since I first reviewed this game. Lately, new content has been more rare mostly because the developers have been focusing on porting Verdun to the Xbox One (its already out for PS4). After this I'm not sure what will be added but I'm excited to see what it is.My old complaints are now outdated. Proneblocking does not bother me as much as it used to, whether that's because I got used to it or because they fixed it I'm not sure. The same goes for the multipule shot kills. I think sometime in the past few years the hit system was reworked so all rifles (plus the machinengewehr) are 1-shot kills while pistols/other LMGs are 1-to-2 shot kills. The whole thing about small peices of wood was just the past me being silly.New players will most likely experience a learning curve. Be sure to read the official steam guides on the weaponry and squad role/leveling system. Also, be aware that most people play the Frontlines gamemode (a trench-by-trench attack/defend match) and that the other three gamemodes are often mostly depopulated. Two things a new player should try to remember is that teamwork is not absolutely necessary but is always preferable, and that having a negative k/d is totally fine because you can still have a great match with 30+ deaths. Many people complain about aim-bots and cheaters, but usually these are just cases of very experienced players laying waste to less experienced/less patient players. If you get frustrated just switch lobbies, or, better yet, join their team.Finally, after playing this game for over 2 years, I've developed a deep respect for the tone of the game and how the developers have chosen to portray a ""generic"" soldier's experience of the Western Front during the First World War. Verdun avoids the dramatism and theatrics of most war films and other games like Battlefield 1 and Valiant Hearts (although I would still recommend the latter game). There is no attempt to personalize the player's experience by telling a story or by forcing the player to use charcters with detailed biographies. There are no emotional cutscenes or any dramatic music.This does not mean that Verdun feels impersonal or inauthentic. Verdun manages to respect the terrible reality that was the First World War by including details which are somewhat unnecessary to the gameplay (like the sheer choice of weapons and the level of uniform detail), heavy but realistic gore mechanics (lots of screaming and loss of limbs), and refusing to center the experience of the game around a handful of fictional individuals. I feel that Verdun's lack of storytelling and non-linear multiplayer allows my experience of the game to be more organic, and, as a result, it feels more authentic and ""real.""To summarize again, Verdun was totally worth my money and the game itself is set apart for its high level of histroically accurate detail as well as its dedicated and responsive developers. If its on sale and you are on the fence, go for it! It is much cheaper than BF 1 after all...."
76561197996879000,Recommended,242860,15849843,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DasBrot,"Outnumbered 3 to 8 the germans advancing unto us with there rifles straight and spirits high. Unfortunately for the Germans the three men in the trenches were Canadian.(((Scroll all the way down for TL;DR version)))But in all seriousness this game is one of the best fps shooters I have played. I initially thought that a game about trenches would be fairly boring due to its natures of staying in one spot for most of the time. This game however is non-stop action from start to finish where at first you defend your trench and then proceed with an attack. there is so much thought that goes into trench warfare.For example:-Mounting MGs in the right positions,-placeing gas in the right places,-when and where to bomb,-when to cross no mans land,-How to fight in the trenches,and the list goes on.Pros:-Great Graphics-The sound in the game is amazing-instilled pride in me that i didnt even know I had-Gameplay is well polishedCons(minor):-Some servers do tend to lag but it is very uncommon and not that big of a problem-Learning curve is a little steep but once you get going you'll be goldenI would also recommend playing this game with a bunch of your friends on skype or what have you because I find it to be a way better experience.I highly recommend this game to anyone 10/10 would play again.[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[TL;DR]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]Game is Amazing expecially with friends. well worth the price offered.Press 4 to put on your gas mask."
,Recommended,242860,15795867,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,HansTheFox,"I never thought I'd live to see the day games revisisted World War I and II.This game is amazing, a pinnacle of what a WWI game should be.I can not think of anything negative, I was blown away.10/10100/10"
,Recommended,242860,13135470,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bomb_Bomberson,"Crawled through mud, mustard gas and barbed-wire fence to reach the enemy trench.  Got shot in the face with a Webley as soon as entering. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,15645801,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Katokevin,I can hear the steel pots and pans banging against each other on my backpack.11/10 would sit in trench banging pots and pans because of PTSD again.
76561198057923762,Recommended,242860,15908268,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Cardshistory,"September ?, 1915""I have recently been stuck in an unknown bunker in an unknown trench with an unknown man. I have survived with the cartridges I found on my dead squad's bodies. The bunker has been encaved from mortar and artillery fire where I have survived several days by having my shambles of spirit and concrete keeping me company. The haunting laughs of Germans have become my dreams and nightmares, while hoping to survive. I would fight my way out and hopefully die as a hero...but sadly my leg is broken and my blood-dried clothes have given me false hope leading to me laying here for hours with the constant drips of blood and rain falling on my face. I dream about the warm fire and beds back home in my village near London, but what starts as a dream, ends up as a rude awakening with the moist mud surrounding me. Why was I here again? The constant pounding of fresh Earth and vibrations made me realize...Germans...Loos...a battle? Yes...a battle...Hill 70...i think? Why is this important...we failed and men are dead..why not me? Doesn't matter now, I have decided to use the broken rifles of my comrades to splint my leg, I have courage to kill any Germans I see...a couple of grenades? No problem. I see the yellow-green gas in the distance..coming to take me and be my guardian angel...10 shots in my clip...one bayonet...and enough courage to kill an army...Let's go Tommies, over the trenches again.""~Unknown Tommy, Unknown Regiment, Known Courage--Battle of Loos"
,Recommended,242860,15976846,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,j a k e,"Verdun is one of the most realistic FPS games I have ever played, and not like Battlefield.It is also one of the only First World War games I have ever seen, it gives the feel of a true soldier in WWI. In the Trenches, snipers shooting everyone who stands up, mortars and grenades going off in every direction.The game has a wide variety of weapons, armies, maps and many more pieces of content and is adding new content all the time.The Graphics are also wonderful, I have never seen less than 50 FPS, and I've seen FPS all the way up to 120.My setup can be seen on my profile"
76561198106612450,Recommended,242860,12582425,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Wisdom & Victory,"Good little game, great details was given to weapons, they look the real thing, uniforms and sceneries are ok. Could improve artillery, quite limited, only one player has grenades which is inaccurate for the days, no trench knife or club, limited use of bayonet, they could introduce tanks, gas, make the trenches more complex and have more than 5 players per side. There are hardly any games relating to WWI which is a shame considering it is a very interesting era, the end of a romanticised type of conflict with flamboyant uniforms and cavalry, lancers and swords, and the emergence of mechanised armies, modernised weaponry and for the first time use of camouflage. There would be more interest in the game if it was made more realistic also, anyway I like it, I recommend it and would like to see more people play it"
76561198060934391,Recommended,242860,22604602,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Riio,"Dearest Reader,I write to you from the blood drenched grounds of Verdun.The war has taken many of my friends, however my determination to see you again keeps me strong.The sound of bombs and bullets sing in the distance, oh how I wish I was at home cradling you in my arms once more.This might be my last letter as the Corporal has just notified me that I will be advancing through the front lines.If this letter finds its way to you my dearest, then please know that I love and cherish you and our children.Yours truly Riio"
,Recommended,242860,15752543,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Napoleon Blownapart,"babies play CoDXbawks live♥♥♥♥♥♥♥play BattlefieldReal men play ArmaReal mens Fathers play Red Orchestra 2Gizzled beard wearing manly men who are so manly they eat raw meat and♥♥♥♥♥♥vegetables, play Verdun"
,Recommended,242860,8871561,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Timmy the Duck Thief,"I killed 40 guys with 40 bullets.Verdun is a great WW1 FPS. Squad system in the Frontline mode is cool. Who wouldn't want to be rewarded with extra uniforms and other things by getting more squad XP with friends? Teamwork is really important in Verdun.Not over-the-top realistic, it is accessible to anyone who likes FPS games - but it isn't so arcadey too. And that's cool."
,Recommended,242860,29847946,Posted: 11 February,all,modernaaandi,"Playing as French with free of charge...Flammers is not a ""bullet sponge"" character...Body armor won't protect you much...No hipfire MG Gunners...No crazy SMG runner...No noscope, teabagging, and insults...No gas spam...It's not hackers heaven...No insulting greedy Premium + Free Deluxe move...I played both (BF1 and Verdun) and i'll stick to Verdun more, BF1 for fast paced casual gameplay.Verdun for more balanced and realism, besides more content for free, nice community, and more history wise...Be a man, enlist today and defend your trenches..."
,Recommended,242860,24713869,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,KT_Extinction,"“Trench fighting is the bloodiest, wildest, most brutal of all ... Of all the war's exciting moments none is so powerful as the meeting of two storm troop leaders between narrow trench walls. There's no mercy there, no going back, the blood speaks from a shrill cry of recognition that tears itself from one's breast like a nightmare.”― Ernst Jünger, Storm of SteelThis is a damn well made indie game. While not as polished or smooth as other AAA FPS titles, this is definitely the best WW1 FPS out there, and will continue to be even after Battlefield 1's release. The squad system is well fleshed out, and doesn't leave out many major combatants(from the western front anyway), with great variety of different classes and tactics to choose from. The classes range from machine gunners, to officers that can call in artillery/gas attacks and add ""buffs"" to nearby team mates, to melee/ close range focused assault classes, to sniper units. The different equipment and class types make it feel like you need to ""roleplay"" your role, as that's what your equipment is for. Leveling up these classes through play adds a neat progression system that gives your character more weapons, more abilities, etc. In addition to class leveling, there is a very unique squad leveling system that makes it feel like you are part of an epic war, as they are persistent across matches. Teamwork is essential, and you really get the sense that your squad is its own self sufficient unit in a much larger conflict.The variety of squad types is awesome too, ranging from U.S. Doughboys to elite Alpenjägers, to the scrappy Belgians, to the rough and tough French Poilus. As your squad levels up, your player models become better armed and tougher looking, just like a squad would in real life. The ability to name squads whatever you want, from ""Donald Trump's Royal Guard"" to ""The Really Bad Marksmen"" or something adds a lot of personality and a feeling of pride as you fight with other players on your team. It's so cool to see so many factions represented in an accurate, respectful manner, I can't believe France is out of BF1 while the Americans are in, makes no god damn sense to me.Didn't play this much in Early Access, but now it's a fun, engaging, harrowing team based experience that anyone who has a passing interest in WW1 should try out!"
,Recommended,242860,12783777,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,[VCD] Defender (no mic),"Gas comes in and obscures everything around you. You're nearly blind, choking to death, gasping for air. You manage to get your mask on in time to save yourself, then out of the mist.......a shadow.A Shot.Then everything goes black.Small Squads, fighting intimate and frightening skirmishes."
76561198086552466,Recommended,242860,34467458,Posted: 24 August,all,SirMorgan,"Unlike Battlefield 1, this game actually goes for an accurate portrayal of the war."
,Recommended,242860,19198959,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Marlfox,"9/10WW1 First Person Shooters on Steam------1Historical Accuracy------------------------90%Update Frequency-------------------------FrequentOptimization-------------------------------Average;PrioritizedBugs---------------------------------------Average;PrioritizedReplayability-------------------------------Very HighMaps---------------------------------------Less Than 10Fun-----------------------------------------9/10 GamesPlayerbase---------------------------------Varies;Peak Hours RecommendedLatency-------------------------------------Above Average;HighDevelopers---------------------------------LikeableCommunity---------------------------------Gays, Lesbians And Straights"
76561198124564758,Recommended,242860,22876958,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Random_Punch,Wanted to review this game as Battlefield 1 seems to claim it's doing something that 'has never been done before'.I can tell you now a few things that verdun did first and probably did better than the future battlefield title:- unique cooperative squad play- Enormous variety of realistic handeling weapons- immersive gas attacks- no romanticised ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or modern fps tropes like hipfiring an mg08- i like the idea of the pve mode albeit its not very challengingwhen they add tanks and or other vehicles and improve the performance it could hold up fine.
,Recommended,242860,26251111,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,The Weasel,"If you're looking for a cheap alternative to Battlefield 1, don't get this. If you're looking for a more realistic WWI game, get this."
76561198060785169,Recommended,242860,15229772,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Omar Gaymar,"Not sure if its a log, or a soldier."
,Recommended,242860,10009360,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,The Master Kief,"What do i think of Verdun?I think ti's a really good concept that they tried to grasp and make into a video game, you don't see many fps games during WWl or before so to see this out on the market really caught my attention by itself.I'll start by saying i got this game early december and there was a update or two but that was it, i began to think the devs just took my money and ran away. However recently they just had a update and i've gotta say they've improved the game a lot and it looks a lot nicer too.The game is unique in its own way because the fighting style is just like WWl and if you don't know what  i mean well then it's all pretty much trench warfare so close combat kinda stuff and it's a attack/defend style. So one side, ex. the germans, will leave their own trench and run across no mans land. No mans land is pretty self explanitory it's called that because no one wants to be there. It's covered in barbed wire (which if you run in will slow you down and kill you) and is just an open field, the only cover you can use to help yourself are the shell holes that are scatered around. While all this is going on the french are sitting in their trench with their rifles/mgs just mowing you guys down, and you're just praying that you'll somehow sneak into their trench and capture it.The game trys to make teamplay an important thing by giving you extra points if you work as a squad. There are 4 different roles in each squad that are all unique in their own ways.You have a NCO that carries a pistol and commands orders of where to attack or can place motor fire down on a positionThere's the classic rifleman you obviously has a rifle, pretty basicYou can be the Support role which carrys an old WWl mg (which is♥♥♥♥♥♥btw) and covers your teammates as they move up or you can be that badass mowing down the enemy as they advance forwardLastly there's the sniper which is pretty self explanitoryThe game is also somewhat active, you can find games to play in and have fun and even every now and again join a full game.The downsides.Even though you can find games like i just said it's also a down side because there are usually only 3, 4 at the most you can join.The lag can be pretty bad at times and you can't vote kick people out of games. For example i was playing last night and a guy on my squad had a ping of +650. He was making the whole game lag up and there was nothing we could do and he wouldn't leave so therefor i had to leave.They only have two gamemodes to play, The classic attack/defend and the other is free for all.Free for all is a lot of fun....IF you can get a game going. There's usually only about 2-4 people playing free for all so you're never getting the full expierence that they wanted you have with the gamemode. so you're always stuck then playing attack/defendThe other thing that's bad about this game is it's community. The people you play with are either a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to you or don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ they're doing and while they should b rushing and attacking they are camping in the back with rifles sniping so you never advance and you lose every match. Every time i've told my team to push up or ask them why they aren't helping me they all tell me to stop complaining.Over all i give this game a solid 7/10I think the price may be a tad bit overpriced, i'm not saying they are ripping you off, but if this game goes on sale you should pick up a copy of it for sure."
76561198078431044,Recommended,242860,15665550,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pesky Ninja,"If you like keeping your head down put of pure fear of it being blown off, and shooting down any and all enemy players you see. This is the game for you. As you fight through these Hell like trenches you develop a respect for the men that actually did this against all odds. To put in short... By this game. I highly Recommend it. 9/10"
,Recommended,242860,13253558,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Gaming Git,"I normally don't write reviews but this game is really awesome!!It's very refreshing to have a fps game that is down to earth without this killstreak bs and creating icons.It is very fair balanced and both teams get their equal share of a chance to win the game and it's down to the teams ability to play as a team or at least play thoughtful and not selfish.When your team has its turn to attack, then attack and don't camp unless you give cover with an MG or mortar as NCO.When the enemy comes in numbers from the right, then tell your team mates.It's very unique and quite refreshing.Please do buy it and give it a fair go. It's already worth its price and can only go one way (better) from where it is now."
,Recommended,242860,29358377,Posted: 19 January,all,Africandave™,⭐⭐⭐⭐ ★Horrible marches through mud and♥♥♥♥♥♥covered trenches filled with gas and lined with barbed wire.It's what a WW1 game should be.
,Recommended,242860,16457055,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FiDO,"Gritty, iron-sights FPS for mature, teamwork-oriented gamers.  Glad I'm playing it instead of living it."
,Recommended,242860,26361034,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Nedley,"Pros:+ Weapons are accurate to the era+ Multiple different game options, including death matches or more realistic wave based trench warfare.+ Lots of squad options for both the Central Powers and the Triple Entente. These squads are also balanced out through unit variety, with different units fulfilling different, usually equally important roles.+ The game is balanced well, with bolt-actions dominating the field. However machine gun and rarer sub-machine guns also make an appearance, and all weapons have their upsides and downsides such as machine guns being mainly sedentry making them easy pickings for snipers.+ A large variety of environments, including the bleak, barbed wire scarred earth of Champagne and Artois, to the wooded Vosges.+ High realism helps to create an amazing atmosphere for the game, with shells causing you to dive to the floor, and bullets zipping over the trench the game certainlyfeelsvery weighted.+ Obtaining equipment is easy in this game, and you'll often find you have too many points to spend on weapons, this makes it very easy for new players to play what they want to play with, unlike some more recent historical FPS games. *cough*Heroes and Generals*cough*Cons- The high realism may leave some players -who are used to other FPS games- frustrated by this game, which is extremely unforgiving. Barb wire, machine guns and artillery mean you'll often find yourself sat in a trench for a large part of the game.- The game (trench warfare, the main game type)  is also very team oriented, the squad, consisting of 4 players, votes for the squad type and faction they want to be on and this means you could, as a single player end up in a scenario where you aren't playing what you want.- Some specific squad units I feel could have some changes, the Überwacher from the AlpenJäger  squad has a negligible effect, and binoculors seem pointless. Perhaps an idea would be to have binculors spot people on the minimap or on the hud (balance at the sake of realism?) however I am aware there are those that would disagree.-Finding servers with people on can be difficult, I know this is largely down to the game receiving less attention than it should but I also feel matchmaking could be improved to allow people to see what servers have people on them. As at the moment it's luck of the draw if you get into a match with a lot of people on it.-Glitches still exist wherein you get kicked out of the match whilst changing maps, and it's extremely frustrating due to the above point.All in all for those looking to purchase this game, I would recommend it, it has a lot of replayability, and if you've got a bunch of friends to play with it's even better for getting the real atmosphere."
76561198064349289,Recommended,242860,27760243,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,IMAGI_nation,"If you're a history nerd like me you'll enjoy this game ;) The first thing you'll do is look around the maps and read the extra information on the waitingscreens. It really is a simulator compared to BF and COD with that I mean that it's not for ♥♥♥♥bois, I like that they didn't adapt the weapons to the players so that they'll be more enjoyable but that they made them realistic (see snipers). And god I've had the funniest discussions with other players from philosophical stuff or communism to icecream. Yeah A+ game ;)"
,Recommended,242860,15833579,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Duke of Nowhere,"My Gas Shell was called into enemy's trenchThen an enemy player typed this on public chat board:""WHO THE HELL JUST FARTed IN MY TRENCH?!!""10/10 would definitely fart over and over again."
,Recommended,242860,16634110,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Figureight,"I launch into my first ever game. I arrive in a trench with a bolt action rifle and a gas mask. I notice a look out post just up ahead. I set up shop, aim down my sights and look into the wastelands beyond me. I see nobody. Then suddenly the sound of a small metal object flies up next to me with an abrupt stop. I look down to my right. My comrade is laying on the floor lifeless beside me. I panic. I take aim and look back into No Man's Land; I can't see anyone. Time passes; I am still alive. I decide this is it I must make a move. I find a nearby ladder and start climbing up over the edge of my trench. I'm still alive. This is amazing, I feel not only invincible but invisible. I run as fast as I can towards the enemy trench when suddenly I stop. I look down; I am stuck, my trousers are tied up in a mess of barbed wire. I try to move forward out of it but it is of no use. A brief small winding noise flies towards me, a bullet gets lodged in my head. I have died, my corpse stuck in a mess of barbed wire, my helmet a few feet away.I respawn and return to my previous post. I take aim and look out and there he is. A head just peering over a sandbag on the edge of the enemy trench. I hold my breath, aim the gun straight at his head and pull the trigger. I've never felt so excited and rewarded for getting a single kill in my life. I stop to celebrate for a brief moment, pumping my fist in the air, only to return my eyes to the screen and see I've been killed again. Damn this game is good."
,Recommended,242860,22615154,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Polski,"My experience with Verdun is:Spawn as British machine gunner, set up at edge of Trench kill a few Germans then get horrifically beaten to death by some guy with a shovel. Or defend a trench with my British comrades only to come face to face with a flamethrower,♥♥♥♥♥♥myself, scream at the top of my lungs in teamspeak, hide behind my fellow comrade only to see him burned to ashes before my eyes and run like I have never run to the nearest little sleeping spot, cry, scream for my mummy before getting stapped to death like that guy in Saving Private Ryan while the enemy player was whispering shhhhh ""Just let it happen."" in VoIPIn conclusion this game is 9/10 but be warned it will give you PTSD"
,Recommended,242860,15646853,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,The Master R(Ace),"Having bought the game way back in early access, its amazing just how far the devs have come, this is a shining example of what early access should be used for."
,Recommended,242860,12603412,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Stormhammer,"(REVIEW UPDATED 1/23/15)Btw I died while playing as a Canadian soldier and screamed EH as I died. 12 out of 10 xD.________________________________________________________________________________This game has gotten SO MUCH BETTER.  In December, I was really bothered by how the game didn't really feel like it was simulating trench warfare in a historically accurate way but the devs have recently added chemical weapons into the game.  This does SO MUCH for immersion because it forces soldiers to use gas masks and it's really terrifying because you can die with in 30 seconds if you don't use your gas mask.  Not to mention you can't see ANYTHING if the gas is in your area which makes everything so much more tense, realistic, and stressful.  The trench warfare is so much better too because when you invade another trench you are FORCED to run straight ahead into enemy lines just like real life soldiers had to do back then.  I forgot to mention that the graphics are 10 times better than they were originally and they just make this title shine like a hidden gem.The only technical flaws with the game at the moment are that you will experience lots of bugs, lag, occasional crashes which will be dealt with in the future I'm sure, however, there are two things that I feel the devs can do to make Verdun an even more epic game.  The one problem that I have with the game on the whole is that you can make your own squad and let anyone in it be it your friends or strangers.  This sounds good but what REALLY ANNOYS ME is that if you leave your squad or quit the game, you'll see that random people have taken control of your squad and filled up all of the spots.  You can't really control what happens to your squad which is a real pain because your squad levels each round and basically YOU LOSE ALL OF YOUR PROGRESS IN THAT SQUAD because some random players have decided to take over the squad you made.  I WANT THE ABILITY TO CONTROL MY SQUAD COMPLETELY because it's my squad!!!!  I made it so my friends and I can play together but each and every time we play I have to make a new squad because some♥♥♥♥♥took my last squad!  M2H PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!!The last problem that I have with Verdun is that I think the devs need to let players choose a secondary weapon like a revolver, pistol, and so on.  It might change the balance of the game a little but I REALLY FIND IT HARD TO BELIEVE THAT a sniper and machinegunner in WWI didn't carry a sidearm to help them in close combat should their trench be invaded.  I also think that the grenadier class as well as any other class that has just a pistol as a gun (excluding the officer class) should be given a primary weapon like a rifle.  I'm pointing this out because the pistol is horribly innaccurate and takes WAY TOO LONG to master, plus, the only close combat you'll experience is when you are invaded/invading another trench which makes the pistol kind of useless.  I'm not sure if any of the ""pistol"" classes were given rifles in real life but I think it'll make the game a little bit easier for new players and bring in more players for the game.  The last thing I'd like to suggest to the devs is that I think it'd be really interesting to let there be servers that have 32 players and then make servers that have 40 players, it'll add even more realism to the game given that the battles in WWI were gigantic, especially the Battle of VerdunVerdun has always been one of my favorite games in general and I'm so glad that the devs at M2H studios are true to their word because they are making a really stellar game here.  ***THERE IS ONE DETAIL YOU SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE GETTING THIS GAME BY THE WAY.****  Verdun is EXTREMELY TOUGH and you'll die more often than the times where you kill another player.  You'll be pulling your hair out at times especially if your new but once you get a kill in this game you feel like you've done the impossible and it'll moivate you to keep pushing forward.  I also love the fact that this game isn't like COD or BF where people get INSANE amounts of kills, the best players I've seen can get up to 60 kills tops but they're A VERY SMALL MINORITY.  Most players get like 10 kills or so on average because you and your troops are focussed on grabbing enemy territory which is EXACTLY what WWI was about.  Playing Verdun again has really just made me fall in love with it again and I can't recommend this game enough.  This is one of the best early access games out there and I PERSONALLY BELIEVE that this game should be in the top ten charts of best pc games AND I ALSO BELIEVE that the devs should try to get this game on consoles to further popularize this incredible title.My Score: 9.2/10"
,Recommended,242860,13457093,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BULiK,Christmas event:  FIFA 191610/10 would turn into ice sculpture again
76561198093248326,Recommended,242860,14045208,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Broome21,"So there I was. I had just finished smoking my pipe and replaced my wet socks for a dry pair. My day had started off as any usual day could be in the trenches; I shaved my face and had a hole in my pants patched up. Everything was exaclty the same as the day before ever since this bloody stalemate began. That was until the whistles began to blow.The enemy trenches echoed with chants and shouting as I peeked up to see silhouettes cresting the trench line. They were beginning their assault. Our squad leader rallied us all together to take our positions on the line. We fired shot after shot. Brass was beginning to stack up at our feet until finally, it seemed that the enemy had retreated back to the safety of their trench. They fell back leaving the wounded and dead to decorate the wasteland that lay in front of us. Our commanding officer began shouting orders but he was too far away to make out the words. Before i could catch my breath we were being signaled to begin our counterattack. I climbed over the wall and sprinted toward the enemy. I could see their line clearly now. I was getting close enough to see inside and i could see an opening that looked very inviting.I dove into the clearing and landed at the feet of 3 enemy troops. They had not seen me, so I opened fire! One down, two down, three! I had cleared the way for 2 more of my comrades to make it in. We began fighting our way down the trenchline clearing out our opposition. And boy was it a fight! We worked our way, foot by foot, deeper into enemy lines. Several of the men with me were taken out by sniper fire so I found myself alone yet again. I turned around to check my flank only to see gas billowing out toward me. I donned my mask as quickly as i could manage and hunkered down in a corner way.The glare from my mask lense, the crack of machine gun fire above my head, my heart beating so loud it almost drowned out the screams of wounded men. At that moment, I realized.... THIS GAME IS GREAT!"
76561198057515610,Recommended,242860,15993902,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ElectricSoap,"I had been sitting in these trenches for what had felt like hours, maybe it was minutes, I couldn't tell. My squad and I were tasked with defending a spot on the German Third Line. I was with the French Army, I was only 20, dropped out of the University to join. I was waiting to spot something coming over those hills, anything at all. All you could see was the smoke on the horizon, and the distant sounds of gun and mortar fire. It was close to nightfall, all I had to eat was a stale piece of bread in the past 12 hours. It was almost pitch black when I saw something, I was almost positive it was something. I brought my Enfield up to my eyes to focus on that spot. My squad was spread to thin, I didnt know where they were, I was alone.It had been 10 minutes since I heard anything. I was starting to think I was too tired, and was hearing things. Then I heard it again, the shuffle of something in the dirt, all my muscles tensed up. It was then when I saw the helmet, barely noticing it at all. The infamous german helmet, black and crowned with a spike. The man who came up looked as equally tired and hungry as me. I touched the cold trigger, it had been days since I last used it. The gun was loud, if I missed I would've died. I pressed the trigger, it hit something, he didnt go down. It hit the cannon behind him.He looked up, right at my position. I went to pull my bolt back, and fire again. I knew I wouldnt miss again, the gun didnt fire it was jammed. I turned and ran, I had to get out of the trench. I turned the corner and stopped, I listened for any noises, I couldn't hear anything, I crouched and walked over to the ladder and climed out. I laid prone next to an abandoned wagon, it was destroyed probably by mortar fire. I laid there for the longest minutes of my life. My heart was still pounding and I thought it was screaming my position to the world. I saw the helmet again, around the same corner I was at just minutes ago. I waited for him to come around, I had a plan wait for him to pass, then shoot him from behind, he would never know, but instead he waited for hours. It was almost dawn, you could see the smallest glimpses of the sunlight.I thought he left to report back to a much larger German force. I was ready to climb back in to my post, and write a report for my NCO. When he turned the corner, he just walked through, he was quiet, but seemed very unaware. He passed by, here was my chance to get him. I got up, and laid down, just then I felt a sharp piercing pain in my leg, I almost yelled. It was the barbed wire, it was everywhere in between trenches. He crouched to do something, he gave me time. I sat up to get my leg out, It was hard to get yourself out of barbed wire. I then got my arms stuck in it, I couldnt get my self out, I tried just pulling my limbs, It made my cuts deeper. I was quickly losing blood, I felt my life draining. I sat there staring at the sky, until death consumed me10/10, would die from barbed wire again"
,Recommended,242860,15763750,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Number 16 Bus Shelter,I thought the reviews about ptsd were jokes
,Recommended,242860,15619810,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Malcador,"I bayonet charged into the enemy trench and stabbed him as he desperately tried to shoot me. I suffered beneath an unexpected gas attack, and was blown away by artillery fire.In Flanders fields the poppies blowBetween the crosses, row on row,That mark our place; and in the skyThe larks, still bravely singing, flyScarce heard amid the guns below.We are the Dead. Short days agoWe lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow,Loved and were loved, and now we lieIn Flanders fields.Take up our quarrel with the foe:To you from failing hands we throwThe torch; be yours to hold it high.If ye break faith with us who dieWe shall not sleep, though poppies growIn Flanders fields.10/10"
76561198151223243,Recommended,242860,24637937,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Fitter✈,More Bolt Action and Trenches than BF1 69/10
76561197966409439,Recommended,242860,18552675,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Doc Brick,"The sirens call of the attack whistle. Constant volleys of artillery raining shrapnel and debris over your position. Gas obscuring the attackers as they flood into your trench. Your bolt action rifle only has three shots, but you face five Huns. Sound tasty? Verdun is for you.An extremely authentic and well done World War 1 shooter. Attention to detail is high and lethality is absolute. Work as a squad and defend your trench or attack No Man's Land under the cover of mustard gas and mortar fire. Extremely robust with lots of realistic handling weapons and high levels of historical research.It is fun? Yes. Is it for your average CODerper?  No. Grow some balls and fight the flippin' Kaiser.Game needs to be slightly more optimized, but other than that, its rock solid."
,Recommended,242860,22835148,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,King the Furred Dragon,Where the ♥♥♥♥ did I just get shot from simulator 2015
,Recommended,242860,14262354,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,H.I. McDunnough,"WWI quikscope simulatorEarly access done RIGHT. I purchased this game around November of 2014. I tried running it and my (now outdated) gaming laptop couldn't really run it at 30+ fps, which for me is a hard thing to get over. Well, they just released an update today with an engine overhaul and it is WAAAAY more optimized. I now can run it at 720p at 60 fps! It is really great to see a dev team put so much work into optimizing a title. As for the game, it is great, very similar to ""Red Orchestra"" in gunplay. Which is a good thing. Period correct weapons, realistic damage ratios, and great maps. I highly recommend it :)EDIT: Wow, it has come a LOOONG way and Verdun has officially graduated early access. Congratulations Black Mill!  You guys are a true shining example of dedicated developers :)  I think it is time I delve a little more into this one.WWI is a war that is generally overshadowed by its counter-part WWII in the media.  There just really aren’t that many movies, books, and games about WWI.  “Verdun” aims to change that at least in the gaming realm.  The developers have done a lot of research as to accurately emulate all the weapons, battles, trenches, attire, and sounds of the Great War.  I remember the first time I pushed into the enemy’s trench, there was mustard gas everywhere we all had to put on our gas masks.  One player in our battalion told everyone to get on the ground as he hurled a grenade forwards.  We trudged our way through the bodies before us, now to defend the newly taken trench.  The combat in this game is SUPERB.  The weapons feel real and have a sort of realistic weight to them when firing and even moving.  Even the few sniper rifles in the game have the early period correct form of scope with a somewhat “fish eye” lens giving everything in it a bulbous look.  Honestly, I have no qualms about this game.  The engine is also GORGEOUS, I can't wait to max it out on my rig I will (hopefully) build soon.  Don’t expect your standard FPS game though, it is very strategic with periods where you CANNOT push and have to defend or you will be shot for desertion.  The times where you attack, are so exhilarating.  I generally avoid giving games a typical rating so I will just say this,BUY IT ALREADY"
76561198034413211,Recommended,242860,31329300,Posted: 23 April,all,Lansing,"Get mowed down by machine-gun fire.Play the great game of guessing wether that thing is an enemy or a log.Get killed in 1 shot by enemies you cannot see.10/10 explosions, Megumin approved.Overall, great WW1 experience. (Don't buy if you can't stand to die again and again, and again.)"
,Recommended,242860,12370136,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Italiana Aficionado,"Join German squad.Slaughter French and British and capture their trench.French and British players disconnect.We all run around and shoot trees.Constant ""DEUTSCHLAND ÜBER ALLES GOTT MIT UNS"" spammed in chat.New player connects, joins Entente.""DEUTSCHLAND #1 REMOVE FRENCH""10v1 French player destroyed.He disconnects.Capture all remaining trenches unopposed.Match about to end""BAYONET CHARGE INTO THEIR SPAWN""Charge with entire army.Killed instantly when I accidentally step on some barbed wire with my left foot.Game ends, Central Powers victorious.""DEUTSCHLANDDEUTSCHLANDDEUTSCHLANDDEUTSCHLAND""10/10 Best WWI game I ever played, seriously."
,Recommended,242860,25392341,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ronnie Boy,This game should be used for eye exams30/20
,Recommended,242860,31067343,Posted: 10 April,all,DANNYonPC,"Do you want slow paced, very authentic WW1 warfare, get verdunDo you want fast, bombastic WW1 action that doesn't take history very heavy, take a look at Battlefield 1Wanna shoot germans in the face, get both :p"
,Recommended,242860,8642931,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,WrenAndPeter,"+Historically accurate guns+Historically accurate maps+Balanced Guns+Balanced Maps+Great community!+Immersive gameplay+Amazing soundtrack-A few bugs-No tutorial-Teams can be very unbalanced- Occasional laggy severs-Few ocassional 'WTF WAS THAT!!!"" momentsI give this 8.8/10When all the bugs and team balancing gets fixed. It will be a 9.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,242860,24581379,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Platinum Fang,I watched the man in front of me bleed to death as I laid in a shell crater too afraid to storm the enemy lines.
,Recommended,242860,15992832,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Special Needs Engineer,-So I bought this game.-Really liked the idea of a WW1 atmosphere.-Start to die non stop from gas and mortar attacks.-Watched people I had spent intense hours talking to in the trenches die by my side.-Started to fear for my life.-Deserted.-Was executed for desertion.-Was shell shocked every time I had to defend or attack.-Contracted PTSD when my family noted I tried to kill a German butcher.-Got permit to smoke medical marijuana.Verdun you changed my life forever.10/10 Would smoke weed again.
76561198082120409,Recommended,242860,13416686,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ginge,"failed school, but got A* in history 10/10. should play"
76561198162224440,Recommended,242860,23032025,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,T_Waschbar,At first:How the f*** did that guy shoot me with a rifle with iron sights from >200 yards???WHY IS THERE SO MUCH BARBED WIRE?!?!?!?!Why is artillery so freaking accurate?Now:Making head shots at >200 yardsClearing trenches with nades and spadesFeel like a badassAbsolutely loving it....BUT THERE'S STILL TOO MUCH BARBED WIRE!!!!This game is perfect for anyone who's wanted to experience what true World War 1 fighting is like (and how incredibly difficult it is for anyone to do anything without getting shot).
,Recommended,242860,34063358,Posted: 6 August,all,Vintage,"A great game that really suprised me! It plays like a WWI game should-- trying to run around in the open and get ""epic"" moments gets you shot. Sitting up in a trench gets you shot. Poking your rifle through cover or a hole in in some sandbags gets you killed. Grenades hurt. Smoke grenades are practical.Perhaps the best thing-Nobody has an automatic rifle, unlike another popular WWI shooter.... Over 90% of players have bolt action rifles. Those with semi-automatic machine guns are a force to be reckoned with. One shot is enough to kill or get killed in nearly every situation. No wacky vehicles are in the game, like huge airships, trains, planes, or god forbid, tanks. The infantry gun play is the primary focus and is super enjoyable-if you play the game right! Being a jackass and running around by yourself trying to capture a trench on the opposite side of the map will result in many, many deaths.The battlefields/objectives are clear. No mans land, the area between trenches is not a fun place to be. Working with your team to clear the trenches is great fun. Great blend of tactical/casual play. Verdun is one of the few games I keep installed on my HDD, and I'd love to sink more time into it soon."
,Recommended,242860,16367003,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Octodad,"Honestly, this is the only true ww1 game on  the market, but it has set the bar high. It is fun, atmospheric and overall an amazing experience. Here are the pros and a few cons:Pros:-Amazing maps, unique and strategy changing-Amazing gear, all historically accurate-Amazing progression system, makes you want to work for it-Amazing NCO abilities-Amazing Atmosphere-Amazing Free DLC-Amazingly Consistent UpdatesCon:-Small performance issues since update 200; not a big deal :PThis is a wonderful and amazing game, great for playing with friends OR random strangers. This game deserves more exposure, and even a console release to ease the console lover's desire for more world war games, which i know for a fact they want. :DGet this game if you enjoy shooters, tactical gameplay, camaraderie,explosions and more! :DDisclaimer: Has a learning curve,and you will die a LOT. It's WW1, after all. :P"
76561198060653417,Recommended,242860,29429781,Posted: 22 January,all,Mr.Tailz,"I have compared this game with Battlefield and would like to address why I favour Verdun, should I get a choice of which to play with a friend (and why I think you should pick it ;D)The main point is realism.Verdun and Battlefield 1 are both set in WW1, both with varying levels of realism. The better of the two in this case is Verdun. Verdun provides not only a more realistic array of weapons, but also sets up a more authentic atmosphere over all with the anxiety and discomfort everywhere within a trench (while BF1 uses hardly as many trenches as Verdun). The recently added gore and gibs and blood (lovely sights in battle) further add to this effect of the feeling that the player feels like they're actually in the war. In Battlefield 1, there is no such dismemberment and huge amounts of blood anywhere. Battlefield 1 also generally feels way too technologically advanced on part of any country at that time to actually fit it with the authentic WW1 experience.Bonus points go for:The price of this game (cheaper than BF1 for sure).A very ""historical"" community (a lot of people naming squads after those of their relatives etc.)An actual trench layout with No Man's Land guaranteed (and little cover for maximum decimation.Pretty darn good devs and community members in terms of helping you with bugs, for example.I hope this review helped YOU in making a decision on whether or not to buy this game :)"
,Recommended,242860,22008167,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Zlobenia,"The ""Horrors of War""As the nations march bodily to war, springing from their age-old places in the rich, civilised continent of Europe, the clock ticks downwards for those on the front. Swept in a wave of excitement and fervour, the gullible and hopeful grab their best clothes, train tickets, pocket watches, running to jump into a place in the new armies... those wary, those intellectuals and pacifists those who thought differently, beaten up, trodden down, bullied by their own families into taking an ill-fated place in one of the most horrific, brutish and uncaring moments in modern human history.We know the outcome now... how many of them knew?And will you let it happen again?You say you'll ""never forget"". I think you already have.At this moment, 17:11 GMT on the 23rd March 2016, the gigantic free DLC ""Horror's of War"" has just been released. Dozens of new players that I have never seen before have crawled out of the woodwork in a flurry of excitement. Over the last nine months the developers ofVerdunhave teased weekly snippets of information, details on mechanical changes, new features and optimisation patches. A quick ruffle of clothes, digital shouts of excitements, and this Wednesday evening has been long awaited. Time to settle some old scores.It's also my one-year anniversary of playing the game.Restocked and RelockedThe number of squads has almost doubled, with the addition of US Marines, Doughboys, Belgian troops, German schutzen sentries, and German pioniers, in addition to the previous German Stosstruppen, Landsers, Alpenjaeger, British Tommies, French Poilu, Canadian Assault teams, and more. Forty new weapons have been added, including the ""Wex"" flammenwerfer, the G88, the Mauser C96 ""Broomstick"" pistol, the BAR automatic rifle, and the T-Gewehr with hide-out penetrative bullets. New squad abilities have been added, including Big Bertha, 340mm Railway cannon, smokescreens and White Phosphorus barrages.A Revival of the OldAlmost all of the animations in the game have been renewed; overhauled, they are smoother and more realistic than before; death animations have been added, each nation now has it's own unique gasmask.The most anticipated part of the update is the key ""Horrors"" expansion, replete with and stuffed with savage gore. This includes dismemberment, improved ragdoll physics, death animations, screams, bloody pools, skin melting, and more corpses. This is, however, purely optional; if you have little interest in such a grotesque paradigm, then the toggle button is in the options menu.New ObjectivesA new map has been implemented; in addition to the recent Fort Douaumont map, the night-time Champagne region, the most ambitious map yet, complete with underground tunnels, sandbags and trench walls is here to stay. Expect high volumes of shrapnel, machine-gun fire and keep your ears open for the sound of spitting fire.A new fourth gamemode has been added, a co-operative wave-assault online mode, ""Squad Defence"", where you and some sullen survivors of a forlorn assault attempt to survive against dozens of AI opponents rushing your position. They're pretty dim, and a bit buggy at this time, but they're still difficult to defend against.The Little ThingsWith all these gigantic changes, it's easy to miss out on the smaller things. Ten new gramophone songs have been added, rifles now eject spent cases, textures have been fixed.  New loadout descriptions, you can no longer sight down your rifle and jump, buffs for the terrible French Chauchat, an extra bullet for the Ruby in the name of historical accuracy, gas blinds faster, is less slightly less visible, slightly more lethal and makes a sounds upon impact...Oh, and it's on a new and updated Unity version too.With this nine-month in-the-waiting free expansion pack,Verdunis no longer the game it was; in a digital renaissance it has become much more, building anew on the ruins of the old.Verdun is the realest, dankest most bomb-diggity Great War game on Steam. So buckle up bros, grab your Chauchats chums, strap on your helmet homies, roll up your kitbag kiddos and ""Avec moi"", monseigueurs, 'cause swaggity swooty, we're going for all kinds of booty.Olé!As a forum member once said;""So, i own this bum game and i cant stand movements and recoil crap, but this is a lesser issue than that, i mean this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Eterosexual bane, mostly cause every player is Male and they need to get rid of their sexual needs somehow, and that obiviously mean every player had an homosexual experience at least once. Im going refund this crap before homosexuality get me too. Whoever thinks this is a good game is clearly gay/lesbian as well.""Thanks for reading. As a reward, here's some music:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18JQUYgpOlwYou can see the full changelog here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/242860/discussions/0/385429125015704226/"
,Recommended,242860,15605697,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Thatweirdguy's Hero,The game went from peasant to billionaire a massive improvement from early acess to official release . As for someone who bought the game the moment the tag world war one popped up upon the steam store seriously caught tons of attention what can i say about it first a glitch machine. Now this game is like butter on stove by far a smooth tasty butter. Now what the game has that you want -- Historical world war one weaponary rifles/ machine guns and statics- One and only stonelone trench atmosphere- Featuring Rifle Deathmatch- Beautiful Graphics with multiple options- Afforable price for a FPS on world war one- Timeline EncyclopediaThe feels and sound effects makes this game a master piece  and is very recommended for red orchestra fans :)      9/10 Tag - Historicans gamers must get !
,Recommended,242860,13396168,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Venom462 @ Twitch,"Shoot-a-mole trench edition.ok seriously, this game is a history fans wet dream, it may be a little rough around the edges but the devs kick♥♥♥♥♥ watching your friend get launched into the air by a direct mortar hit kicks♥♥♥♥♥ everything about this game is 11/10 on the scale of baddassery, if you are like me and you have been clamouring for a good world war 1 game, look no further than this my friends, buy it!, now!"
76561198030305825,Recommended,242860,13503026,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Anderson,"Developers offer great content all the way through. Since I started playing and bought the game in spring-summer the game seemed clunky, incomplete, laggy etc. etc.However, with gas warfare and new maps, new squads it all starts to take shape.Don't listen to people who say otherwise, take a look for yourself on the effort the developers put to make this a good WW1 FPS. It is the only one, but it's good for an entry into the field. Especially for an indie company.The gameplay reminds me strongly of Red Orchestra 2 mixed with Call of Duty and Battlefield-like mechanics, but with a trench twist. I have faith that the game will evolve.It definately feels right with that ""Nothing New on the Western Front"" touch. The Christmas Truce event is a prime example of the attention to detail. It is a game well worth investing into.Update 25.07.2016: refinements upon the original structure certainly polished this product and make it worthy for comparison in it's own way to the coming Battlefield 1.In the future more content is expected here for other fronts, crossing out DLC to the maximum. The most in not free content we can get is expansions.Recently included changes are:- night battles-- a cooperative stand off mode, like survival in Left for Dead/No More Room in Hell/Call of Duty World at War- overhauled sound design, music, sounds- changes to ragdoll physics- furuther bug hunting, adjustments, balancingand et cetera...This is stil a vastly great game not constrained by narrow profit oriented goals in development, while still providing a WW1 shooter that can be enjoyed without extreme lenghs of deapth for core  players alike in ArmA. Though I think an additional game mode would no be objected to by anyone! The road to a true WW1 experience is not yet at its end."
,Recommended,242860,14347573,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,n­alfz,The original 'is that a dude or a treestump?' simulator10/10
,Recommended,242860,25229251,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Silly Pants McNanner Hands,"I seriously recommend this game. Very similar to Red Orchestra 2 in vision, and it pulls it off.Pros-Amazing performance-Amazing sounds-Incredible visuals-Very polished-Gore is grotesque and stunning-Battle screams and death is horrifyingly realisticCons-Animations are sometimes weird-Ragdolls can sometimes be very funny-Sounds like breathing get weirdly cut offOverall, really amazing."
,Recommended,242860,23124068,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kitteh,"we had just taken a trench, in a final stand the germans gas the trench. we put on our masks. then we heard it. ""MOTARS"", i ran to cover, only me and another soldier. he looks at me, then the enemy trench. he pulls out a grenade. he knows its out of range.  he runs out of the trench, halfway across he throws the grenade. he tries to run back to me. he falls onto the ground, ""sniped"" i muttered. i hear a explosion then screams. he cleared the trench and through the gas a soldier comes. he shoots me in the leg with a luger, i ask him to spare me. he walks off. still bleeding reinforcements arive...10/10 would P.T.S.D. again."
,Recommended,242860,23596699,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Blash,"I peaked my head out of the trench for a second and was immediatly killed, and a wave of immersion washed over me, 9/10, would immerse again"
76561198028014977,Recommended,242860,23599582,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Thiefwriter,"Oh look, a WW1 game that includes the French with the game!Better than BF 1."
,Recommended,242860,15901943,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Bigfellow,"NCO called attack order, refused to do so as it was suicide, running across no mans land. got executed. 10/10 would get executed again"
76561198123067856,Recommended,242860,25173367,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Horse Killer,This game gave me shellshock1918/10
,Recommended,242860,13432895,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Leeper,"A great game, there was a huge gap in the market for a WWI game. I'd really like an RP server. Had the game for over a year now. Hopefully it will really take off."
76561198097887522,Recommended,242860,24526940,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mac Tonight,♥♥♥♥ your Battlefield 1 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!This is real world war 1 trench warfare!
,Recommended,242860,13101926,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Spookie NiggEE,"Its an amazing game.  Love the graphics, love the WW1 feeling it just feels like your in the middle of WW1, Ok I need a developer to read this, if you add the british highlander regiments I will play this♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game"
,Recommended,242860,8787551,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,PimpDaddyPayne,"Verdun,This game has to be one of the first and only ww1 shooters out there as of right now.I personally have been waiting for a ww1 shooter such as this and it brings me great joy to finally have a game to review like this.So far from what iv seen the accuracy when it comes to the history is spot on, each weapon looks fantastic and almost identical to the service version issued at those times.Right now its generally Germans vs the French, but the developers have mentioned the canadians being added which is huge considering canadas roll in ww1.Another fantastic thing about this game is the way it structures the combat, making you take objectives and hold them rather than giving the player a sandbox unrealistic feel that most FPS allow. It only makes sense that once you have taken an enemy trench that you should defend it against counter attack before even thinking about assaulting the next objective. And with that being saidVerdun gets 9/10 for original content and gameplayVERY promising future for this game, and is worth purchasing if your a fan of World war First person shooters.This game is worth buying, there is enough content to play this game for a long time"
76561198035524883,Recommended,242860,23194502,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Spreafic0,"-Spawn in.-Scream, ""FOR THE REICHSTAG!""-Die Immediately.-Ask for a squadmate.-They say no.-Join a squad like an obnoxious moron.-Get a new rifle.-It is super shiny.-Talk in voice chat.-Get a response.-My squadmates invite me to Skype call.-We kill thousands of Tommies and Doughboys.-Still lose.-Made 2 friends though.-We join another game.-Kill thousands more for the Second Reich.It's pretty good I guess. You should get it m8. It may be dying, but it is fun nonetheless. If you buy it, it may just come back to life.420/69 Would commit extreme PTSD inducing war crimes again!"
,Recommended,242860,15589352,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Topsi,"Verdun! First looking at the trailers and such like half a year before writing this, i didn't think much of it, but i decided to give it a shot when it was on sale on christmas. And what a christmas it became....TL;DRPros+Epic atmosphere+Great core gameplay+Authenticity (To some extent)+MUSTARD GAS+Squad based gameplayCons-Arcady BS elements (Such as hitmarkers, crosshairs, score/kill feed)(Disabling above mentioned BS (hitmarkers, crosshairs) will handicap you.)-No dedicated serversAnd for those who want a little reading..!-------------------------------------------------------------Verdun has a truly epic atmosphere and it gives the player a true trench warfare experience. The game starts you off with some classic music from the era, and right from the start puts you in the right mood to crawl in mud attacking... Or to bitterly fight for every last inch of your trench.So, instead of vague flags or areas, you're fighting for actual trenches and not just some 10x10 meter area on the map. The core gameplay is very simple and it WORKS. If you start off as the attacking team, your team will (hopefully) give its best shot at attacking the enemy trench and try to capture it. If the attack fails, you have to fall back to your trench and its the opposing teams time to attack. However, if you manage to capture the enemy trench, a counterattack will be ordered and you have to go from offensive to defensive really fast to keep it. In theory the whole match CAN be just one attack phase, if the attacking team is fighting fanatically enough, and the defenders holding ground steadfast.All those times you've been THIS close to capturing the enemy trench, but you run out of momentum and have to fall back, is just what trench warfare is all about. I cannot put in words how satisfying it feels when capturing the enemy trench after a long stalemate of neither side gaining any victories, but then... You finally manage to do it and prepare for the enemy counterattack. And it feels really really good to take the enemy trench and If all goes well and you repulse the counterattack, then its time to put your skills to the test on the next trench.However, the arcady crosshairs and kill feeds and all that scoregarbage eat this atmosphere away, but not enough to ruin the experience, atleast for me. Sure, you can disable the crosshair, or bind the whole hud under a button to show it, but this puts you at a disadvantage, so it would be just handicapping yourself. And for the love of god.... HIT MARKERS WHY???????? But overall, the gameplay is nice, it could be alot better if they had decided to nurture this atmosphere the game has AND REALISM, instead of the crap i mentioned just now.It has leveling and whatnot too, but you can't get a dramatic boost over a noob with just the unlocks.... unless it's the squad unlocks. Squad level can only be raised by playing with your friends, over and over again, which is nice. The squad level can basicly turn your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little mortars into a real artillery storm. Oh and you can unlock mustard gas, damn is that deadly.Overall i'd give it a 7/10. It's very fun, Best enjoyed with friends!See you in the trenches, comrades. And remember, Keep calm & STELLUNG HALTEN!I Might Write more to this review when i have the time :D"
,Recommended,242860,17899484,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[KK]EAsucks (Mr Bean),"Where to start?  There's only one way to describe the decline of this game. Tragic. Why tragic? I bought this game in January of 2015 and between then and May, this game was perfect. Hit detection was not too bad, Machineguns weren't so buggy and FPS was good enough to make the game playable. However, when the DEVs started to add useless eye candy, messing around with MG deployment, fixing the hit box, etc. the game was essentialyl ruined.Playing Verdun feels more like an obligation rather than an enjoyment since I'm in a clan mainly because the pure characteristics of the game prevent me from even playing it. Point blank shots to the chest don't kill people all the time, 5 stabs in the back don't kill people anymore, barbed wire can stop a bullet from hitting someone, the actual MG can block the bullets to protect the gunner and so on and so forth. My FPS dropped from 60 FPS back in April to around 15-25 FPS these days, on all low graphics. Picardie was by far my favourite map back in April and May because it was big and open and it was fun to play. Now that map is impossible to play and less enoyable than Flanders for me purely because the DEVs added useless eye candy like dead horses, cooking stoves, chairs, tables, etc. that lowered my FPS, decreased the amount of well-aimed shots that would get registered and overall just made that map incredibly laggy. The only reason why I say all this is because I care a lot for this game.This is one of my favourite games ever and I will continue to play no matter how much worse it gets. I go back to my original statement; the DEVs have managed to ruin their own game when it was so good. People don't care about the eye candy and the graphics nearly as much as they care about actually being able to play the game properly. The core community here isn't the new players who buy the game when it goes on sale, the core community is the people who have owned thsi game for a while and play it regularly. People from clans like KK, Pirates, Crossed Rifles, etc. are constantly complaining on the forums about problems with the game yet, instead of fixing the game the DEVs make it worse. The DEVs listen more to the new players who want this added and that added and that removed and hat changed and this improved, etc. None of our concerns have really been addressed. This games ahas just recently gone competitive with a Verdun League, yet we might not be able to continue with the league fi the game basically favour speople with a better computer. How is this in any way fair? When the Verdun League was originally conceptualised, the game was perfect, it coudl be played in a competitive environment. Now, I really don't think it can.Now for those of you reading this to see if you want this game, here's what I have to say. Even if the game becomes unplayable to the point where it's s truggle to get even 10 kills, I will still play this game EVERY day because it's one of a kind and no matter how much I hate the DEVs for ruinign this game, I appreciate the fact that they care about their game and even though they have released it they conitnue to try and fix their game."
76561198056569521,Recommended,242860,22889316,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Perro Inteligente,Stepped out of a trench and got shot.10/10 WW1 experience.
,Recommended,242860,22958702,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Detestable Lolicon,"- 10 Mins on a match- change to gernadier w club and pistol- proceed to beat to death 5 people with a club (Blunt Trauma FTW)- died to a single shot from a random rifle men- ppl in chat typing ""KILL HIM, HE HAS A CLUB!""10/10 would club people to death again"
,Recommended,242860,16469000,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,deathsheep,Shovel and five grenades?10/10 Would jihad again.
,Recommended,242860,28440117,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ϟ LuftJager ϟ,"Verdun is a realistic WW1 FPS. Unlike Battlefield 1 Verdun offers a more authentic ww1 experience ( fighting is basied off of trenches and not just running around willy dilly) with almost %100 historical accuracy.PROS:-Realistic trench warfare-Huge selection of authentic ww1 era small arms to unlock-Very emersive gameplayCONS:-Not a whole lot of active players-You need a somewhat recent GPU to run this (960+)-Can be very frustrating at timesConclusion:If you care about realism a all, this game is for you. If you like being almost fully emersed into games, this game is for you. If you like WW1 history, this game is defentely for you. Overall i would give Verdun a 9/10 for its amazing gameplay and historical accuracy."
76561198059679005,Recommended,242860,10476111,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,HolyDiver🤘,"Pure trench warfare! Your fightin in the mud, clawing the ground, inching forward to take enemy positions, just to get caught in barbed wire. Lots of fun. I have fps issues, freezes and lag from time to time. You need really good rig if you wanna run it on high settings. There are a few buggy spots on the map where u can get stuck in places where you shouldn't. It also seems sometimes you get shot through areas you shouldnt. Could use a little polish, but i reccomend. Frenchies. ;)"
,Recommended,242860,28684499,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rowan,"Fun and realistic WW1 trench fighting game, no monkey business like Battlefield 1 and good devs"
,Recommended,242860,30433061,Posted: 10 March,all,Mikethebrobarian,Learn the controlsPrepare for battleHear my NCO call for a forward advanceFollow my comrades over the wallDie almost instantly from an enemy sniperSuch is life in Verdun10/10
,Recommended,242860,26067907,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,HumanMincer,"★★★★☆ - 4/5Red Orchestra 2 with WWl setting (Basically)this isnt anything like Battlefield 1 (thank god)realism, gore, trench warfare, 1 shot kills4 squads of 4 per team.each squad represents a country in WWleach squad is different, every role is different"
76561198113051972,Recommended,242860,22827618,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Commissar Communist,"the finest, and most realistic ww1 game out there, to date.10/10Pros: you be the BelgiansCons: Realize that barbwire was the real enemy this entire time......"
,Recommended,242860,25272510,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Bobcat,Better Than Battlefield> play battlefield 1 beta> die a lot> tanks op> quit game> launch Verdun> die a lot> have fun10/10 More fun than battlefield 1
,Not Recommended,242860,15461245,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Cyndrome,"After more than 122 hours into the game (and this doesn't happen frequently) I'd like to share my honest opinions about Verdun - the good, the bad and the buggy.***UPDATE 12/08/2015***After the supposedly full-fledged release, I have to give to Verdun a thumb down based upon many crucial points where the game deliberately fails. But let’s speak about positives first:Pros- well-designed extensive maps inspirited by real battlefields of WWI- satisfying and challenging gunplay- broad gameplay variability based upon different classes to play with- required cooperation between squad players in order to win- friendly and helpful community- solid optimizationVerdun is a good game, very good indeed but it fails to deliver the most crucial game experience:Cons- nothing like an immersive WWI trench warfare experienceWell, WWI looked anything but this. Few players camping throughout a waste battlefield make the game pretty infuriating and in time it only gets worse. Verdun will become BORING for many players as it became for me and this lack of players is exactly what buries the game underground.Not to mention another great problem with- feels like still playing BETABefore the supposedly full game release, there was a lot updates and a lots of gigs to download, containing some bug fixes but now, the game is in the same state as it was in beta. I was very disappointed about this literally forced 1.0 release and I'm still waiting for major upgrades in shady areas like- infuriating lagIn the game which is more or less about precision I fail to comprehend how it is possible for developers not to improve upon teleporting moving players which happens all the time!I'd like to blame myself for mistakes I do in game like Verdun where I die constantly, but this is deliberately very bad coding and no one seems to give a f__k.- buggy bugsThe game even though it is supposed to be now in a full release state still suffers from numbers of persisting bugs and lags. I'm convinced developers will fix majority of them in time, because they really care about their product, which is worth mentioning again.Do I recommend this game?It depends to whom. I have no hesitation of recommending Verdun to anyone interested in WWI warfare even though it fails to deliver the genuine experience but for a casual player the game might quickly become boring and frustrating.I've spent over 120 hours into the game and I don't regret it, neither the investment, 'cause it was a very FUN to PLAY, but I don't think I'll play again until the core game mechanics will be improved."
,Recommended,242860,16190524,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,eXman1110,"Join the militery they sed. I will be fun they sed, and holyshit it is fun!"
,Recommended,242860,15849344,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,WhiskeyTwoSix,This game is one in a million! Only if other big name publisher/developers had the balls these guys had to go out on a limb and try something outside the box!
,Recommended,242860,25571387,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Bem,"War.War never changes.I've lost count on how many times I died. I died from clubs, shovels, knives to a bayonet. With grenades, pistols, rifles or machine guns. Being gassed, smoked out or mortar shelled. Hell, even cooked by a flamethrower.Yet somehow I always come back alive. Surrounded by my squadmates, we wait for the enemy to come. We can hear the whistles, the battlecries the sound of boots running through mud, over half buried who knows what it was. It's coming closer. For a second everything is silent. And then all hell breaks loose.The machine guns start firing, officers shouting something and the sound of your squadmate reloading his rifle.You seem something moving in the corner of your eye, you turn and see your squadmate falling on the floor. His rifle laying empty beside him.You feel yourself fill with rage as you charge the enemy who killed him with your bayonet, killing him instantly. And silence once again.The fear creeps back into your heart as you know what's coming next.And then you hear it. Officers shouting the order, loud and clear:Over the top boys! Charge!You get up, start running from cover to crater to cover. You're almost there and then it starts.That dreadfull sound of machine guns firing."
,Recommended,242860,19470241,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Castle Time,Really love the vibe of sitting in a muddy trench just waiting to get shot in the head. 10/10 would die again.
76561198035905321,Recommended,242860,23717630,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,PigeonDeVerdun,"This game does a fantastic job of capturing the details of the weaponry, terrain, and uniforms of the Great War. As a military historian, this game is easily in my top 10 games out of sheer respect for said attention to detail and for the hard work the game developers and designers put into the game, which is apparent every time I open up Verdun. Thank you for creating such a tribute to the Great War and for building interest in the gaming community for this tumultuous, yet fascinating, period. Despite not being a dedicated FPS player, I will continue to revisit this game and appreciate the chance to shoot a Chauchat, call in a mortor strike, or clear trenches with a Ruby pistol and ""Le Vengeur."" In addition, thank you for showing your appreciation to your players by releasing such quality DLC. Again, this is soundly in my top 10 games, and easily my most played FPS. I strongly recommend this game to anyone who loves history, wants to experience the Great War, or is looking for a different kind of FPS. Keep your heads down, trompe la mort, and take the fight to the next trench. Just remember, when the time comes to defend your ground, On ne passe pas!"
76561198095019988,Recommended,242860,24745534,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Firstmate Nick,"I am a big ol' nerd for historical accuracy in media, whether it is Video Games, Movies, or Television. So it's not a very big surprise that I like Verdun so much. With the realistic trench warfare and period-setting weaponry, this game provides a special era of atmosphere. I am a big fan of this game but it is a grueling mess to get into. Adapting from Modern Shooters with their run-and-gun mechanics to Verdun in it's Sit in a Trench and Pray they don't gas you harder than a bathroom at Taco Bell. This game is great for those who want variety in their FPS's."
,Recommended,242860,23403313,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,✪ MiraX ❤,Joined a Game. Got Gassed by a Green Cloud. Went Blind. Started shooting at Trees. Won the Match!10/10 would get Gassed again!
76561198005853691,Recommended,242860,13681252,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DurFieldmarshal,Haven't had this much fun getting blown to bits since Battlefield 1942.
,Recommended,242860,13233671,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Metehan Y.,"Game developers are very kind to people, they care people's opinions and I believe the game will be better day by day."
76561198045219116,Recommended,242860,20980320,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,[UG] CHiEF,"Dear mom,It`s my first day on the frontline.My buddies are awesome, they speak French, Dutch, German and some foreign accent i still haven`t deciphered.The food is good, we are eating Mortared horse each evening, with a side of honey-mustardgas.My rifle is the best gun in the world, for about a hundred meters until i run into a horde of bloodthirsty Huns,who then try to melee me with their bajonets like it was the new national pastime.But i got away.By George i got away!I got gassed like juden,i got multiple shots to the head for just peaking above the sandbags.When i tried to help my teammates out, they left me.They walked away and said+ ♥♥♥♥ YOU.Left for dead.But i survived, cleared two trenches until i got mortared. again.I hope this letter finds you in good health and standing.I, for one, am not standing.Because i got shot in the head. Again.your son.That, and ♥♥♥♥ this game is hard."
76561198119692199,Recommended,242860,13176034,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bogart333,Spoiler...................................The French run away.10/10 would bang
76561198124507644,Recommended,242860,15618943,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,ClaymoreKyle,"So I decided to check out the steam store today and found this gem. I grew up playing games like MOH, Goldeneye, and Call of Duty and at this point I tend to get burnt out with shooters. Not this game. I am gonna spend a lot of time in the trenches."
76561197984705780,Recommended,242860,14397838,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Conflict,"If your looking for a COD like run and gun type of FPS this isn't the game for you. Things like bullet drop, squad roles, WW1 themed, no mans land and trenches makes this game unique."
76561198110570108,Recommended,242860,25847564,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Skeltone Steve,"Very great WWI-era FPS that takes place in France during the most important parts of the war. The game's weapons are at incredible detail, giving you a distinct view of the war of any infantrymen, officer, or gunner you choose. This exceeds Battlefield 1 in not graphics, or realism, but an uncontrollable sense of feel of the game."
,Recommended,242860,13681136,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,¤ 💕 ♥  Miss_Bexy💕 ♥ ¤,"Finally! A game where everybody spams the use of the voice command system as much as I like to! ""Attack!"" ""Stand your Ground!!"" *sinister laugh* *war cry*I have been searching for a game like this for many years. It all started with CSS, DODS, TF2, CSGO (in where I have been kicked from matchmaking for exessive use of voice commands) I traversed through these games, in search of a glorious kingdom of voice command usage but to no avail :(ladies and gents, after 10 years , my search is over, mama is home!Oh, yeah, I guess I should mention the gameplay's not half bad either!10/10 would voice spam again."
76561198104089191,Recommended,242860,22310025,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Bushi Neko,"Been having a good time in this.First.. runs great! The graphics are very nice, you feel the mud, feel the cold.. and hope your mask is on tight as you crawl through gas..Gameplay is tough, intense and fun. Actually listening to the NCO's of your team / squad works, and important...No crazy FPS action here, no rocket jumps, no wonder super weapons.. just digging / jumping / running / crawling in mud, woods, water.. digging deeper into the ground for just some cover.Weapons are as they were, basic infantry rifle is a bolt action, arty is dreaded ( DUCK IN THE DUGOUT!!! )  fighting is back and forth accross the trenches... futile, dirty, horrifying.... limbs fly.. wounded fall and scream.. gas burns at your eyes..Amazing game.BEST PART:  No one, not a single incident of toxic community.  My team didnt hate me for being new and dying ( often ) the other side didnt try and turn the game into a 12 y/o hormone fit..  people didnt run and quit when we were outnumbered almost 3 - 1.. we fought it out.. and the other side even said.. cool.I highly recommend this one.** EDIT ** 4/25/16Have not been able to still devote long sessions here.. but just today was my first encounter with a ... I dont even know what.. attempt to disrupt the game??  Before now I didnt even realize there was a mute button for text chat so readily available. Problem solved."
,Recommended,242860,22489994,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dux Claudius,Seeing that Flame thrower gave me flash back from Rising Storm
,Recommended,242860,22989192,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Truckk,"within 20 minutes of gameplay, me & my squad were hold behind a broken tank, getting shelled into oblivion. Eventually, 2 of us went mad &ran into no man's land. never heard from them again10/10 would get shellshock again"
76561198075083806,Recommended,242860,15597017,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Gent,Great game. 'Keep your mind on the squad and much benefit you will have' - Yoda
,Recommended,242860,8816204,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Viktard,10/10 Very good game i highly reccomend this game to everyone. It is a great game to play and i enjoyed every aspect of it from attacking to defending and even the good music in this game. The weapons are very good and so are the maps.
,Recommended,242860,32074914,Posted: 30 May,all,A Moist Potato,* spawns* dies by artillery instantly* wait 13 seconds* repeat- ign 10/11
76561198310312803,Recommended,242860,29810463,Posted: 9 February,all,Phagatron,Way better than Battlefield 1
,Recommended,242860,24435589,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Das_Bier_kan,-Joins first game-Walks around-Presses buttons to learn controls-Presses V by accident-Character snaps around and stabs a German in the face10/10 would aimbot melee again
,Recommended,242860,18269136,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,PrimePossum69,"Verdun is a great game, one of the few that has managed to come out of early access as a playable game that is worth a buy. Even after finishing early access the developers continue to support the game with constant updates and free DLC packages that introduce new waps and weapons.The game itself is very unique for war games as it is based in the trenches of WW1. Very reliant on squad-based tactics the game actively rewards the player for working in a squad.Something to sink a lot of hours into"
,Recommended,242860,26478824,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,KingNikolaj\∞,"You can now;Be shotBe stabbed to deathBe beaten to deathBe blown upBe shot for desertionBe gassedGet your head bashedBe burned aliveRespawn and die instantlyAnd most of the time you won't even see it coming but if you do.... It will be to lateOr you can;Spot the enemyCall in artilleryCharge over no man's landHide in a foxhole in no man's landSo come on boys join the front line today and experience World War 1 warfare(and prey that you will see tomorrow)10/10 would charge towards the enemy trench and get shot againWarning: you may or may not get shellshocked, killed by hackers or die to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t etc. etc."
,Recommended,242860,30094723,Posted: 21 February,all,Trailhammer,"Verdun is probably the most realistic depiction of WW1 in a video game ever, multiplied by the fact that it's in first person which allows for a more immersive experience. Squad variation is good although it really doesn't matter as long as there aren't four sniper squads on one team. Gameplay is pretty clunky and the graphics aren't anything special but it gets the job done. While most games have an active autobalance script in place to allow for a more balanced experience, this game uses a passive method that politely asks the overpopped team if some could join the other team while lengthening respawn times for the offending team. This can be a double-edged sword because sometimes people won't listen and you'll be stuck with an unbalanced team.Unfortunately this game is mostly dead at this point ~500 players on average isn't a whole lot when you account for the huge split between regions and the smaller splits between game modes. Speaking of which, there's really only one active game mode and the rest rarely have enough players to warrant a prolonged session. It was a whole different story when this game first came out and was alive and well.Overall, if you have or find a dedicated group of friends to play with, I'd give it a shot on sale but don't buy this at full price and expect an active game. Most similar realistic military shooters are more active players than this one so take that as you will.I should really get to bed, huh?"
76561197981236056,Recommended,242860,15606171,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Altus Dusk,Best death simulator ever. I've never had such fun being mortared and gassed while bludgeoning enemy officers with a trench mace.
,Recommended,242860,12331668,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Croaker,"An awesome game, it is a very different experience from your traditional shooter. The main weapon that you use is  a bolt action rifle, so there is absolutely no spray and pray idiots. There are machine guns, but you can't sprint and move much slower when wielding one, also you have to deploy it like in RO. Each team has a few squads and each squad has very different members. Some have a sniper, an observer and a scout, and some squads have a grenadier (guy with grenades not launchers) a machine gunner and a rifleman. All squads have an officer. An officer can call in gas, mortars or observation planes depending on what type of squad he is in.The maps deeply compliment the class system by having (hint WWI): trenches and barbed wire. The maps have several sets of trenches with fairly open stretches of land in-between, and when you are on the offense it is your job to charge across that land, from crater to crater and over the final hump into the enemy trenches. That gets challenging sometimes, but by coordinating attacks with your team you can successfully storm a fortified trench fairly easily.As a defender your job its to stop the enemy from capturing your trench. As you sit behind some cover with only your rifle and head poking out you are a fairly hard target to reach and you pick off attackers as they charge at you. But then you are gassed and you can't see, or a mortar hits you and your corpse goes flying, or a teammate says: BREACH LEFT and you look to your left to see an enemy rifle pointed down the trench line at your head, and sometimes simply you are sniped from a guy in the trenches the enemy just captured.I have been in a few games with the devs even! They are kind and open to any feedback, positve or negative.Overall 11/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,242860,16568785,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Rattlesnake8,"You will never enjoy dying so much in any other game. WWI FPS made with a great, authentic atmosphere with realism in mind. You will die a lot as one hit means death. Thankfully that means you can also take down enemies quickly, leading to some very intense firefights. Gas, mortars and having to attack or defend throughout the match helps the chaos. Weather you are fighting for your life to defend a trench from an incoming attack wave or if you are laying prone behind a tree sniping and covering your team mates advance, you will have a lot of fun as long as you can stick with the game through the initial constant dying while you adjust to the game mechanics.If you have played Red Orchestra/Rising Storm then picture that only with a WWI setting and you know what greatness awaits."
,Recommended,242860,13438947,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Balmain,Got hit by a snowball that freezes me for what seems like an eternity10/10Would snowball again
,Recommended,242860,12917641,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,salviad,"World War 1. 2 Words + 1 Digit. 2+1 = 3. Take the V in Verdun and turn it upside-down. Add a line to close the V and create a triangle. We now have a Triangle, and the 3 from the previous equation confirms it. World War 1 went from 1914 to 1918. 1918-1914 = 4. 4-3 = 1. 1 Eye in an Illuminati. Confirmed."
76561197986434725,Recommended,242860,29725999,Posted: 5 February,all,Fraje(CZ),"+ Everyone dies after 1-2 bullets+ Wide selection of period-correct weapons+ Good overall ""feel"" of the battlefield- Controls feel clunky- Meh gun sounds- Bad reload animationsI can safely say that this is the best, most authentic WW1 game out there, even though there isn't many of those. I listed some cons, but don't let those discourage you. Yeah, it's not as satisfying to look at your guns as in Red Orchestra 2, but the gameplay is well polished."
,Recommended,242860,16992490,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Heidi,"It's about time i write a review here after playing a few weeks now :)I can't compare this game to any other FPS since i havent played one since ... wow *thinks *.. some game on playstation 2 lolBut I will say I was sold the minute i opened it, the graphics are great , the details in the trench are awesome sometimes i just want to run around and look at all the little nicnacs.The gameplay is so much fun I never thought i would fall in love with a FPS game like i did with this one.And i would even reccommend this to people that do not like FPS , because i am the LAST person to play a shooter up game lol, but this one has turned me around and i bet it will do the same for anyone else..I just got sucked into the commmunity and the people are amazing, I see the devs responding to allmost each post they are super involved , you can really tell they have a passion for this game.Not only do I enjoy playing the game, it has gotten me more and more interested about the great war, watching docu's , reading articles...Living in belgium  it's making me visit places i would have never visited.Thanks so much for this great game :)I cant wait for many many expansions :D"
,Recommended,242860,24937618,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Ragnarök,"First things first: what do you need for Verdun?1. A big computer screen so you can spot every pixel2. A decent enough PC, although it has problems with running GTX 980`s (sometimes), the game itself is very CPU based3. A lot of dedication and immunity to frustrationOnce you played enough and leveled up, the game becomes really funny and interesting, but you have to stay on it for a while and not get frustrated by some of the veterans running around and getting 70+ kills. It is that sort of game that can waste your entire day not even realising one day began."
,Recommended,242860,15845446,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,☭ Fader Futzi ☭,"I'm definitely a fan of this game! I've only had it for two days, but I've almost been playing it all the time since I got it!The squad system is a lot like the one known from many Battlefield-titles: You respawn in the trench closest to no mands land or on your squad leader.The setting of the game is the Western Front, WWI. The game offers a great idea of the soldiers' lives in the trenches. If you don't keep your head down you're gonna get shot by a sniper. But the enemy's assault has to be repelled or you might just find it that your trench is suddenly overrun by enemies shooting and stabbing their way through your lines!When assaulting the enemy trench, the enemy machinegun and sniper fire will probably kill most of your comrades. When you realize you have to get to cover and you jump down a grenade hole, the machinegun fire flying over your head is suppressing you, your vision is getting blurred, and you're just waiting for your chance to get out of this place. But don't stay to long: an enemy squad leader may have seen you and called for a mortar strike right in your grenade hole.TEAM WORK is the key! Working together, following orders and staying close to your squad leader grants points to you and your squad, eventually leveling up your squad thus unlocking better abilities and heftier fire support. As in real life a squad is not better than the soldiers in it: A squad can very well be level 20, but when you split up and a soldier leaves the squad, the squad level falls drastically according to the squad points he had provided. The points are based on team work and cooperation between the members of the squad. For instance if a new man joins the squad and has never played with any of the squad members before he will not contribute to the squad level before he has been working with them. If a friend of a squad member, however, joins the squad, the cooperation points between him and the squad member will be accumulated to the squad points thus leveling up the squad. It is therefore very important to play the game with good friends if you want to make the best of the game.You can choose between 7 different squad types spread over two teams. Each squad has its own unique uniforms, abilities and special weapons. Usually, there is a:- long range specialist (sniper, rifleman, etc.) on each squad- machine gunner of some sort (or submachine gunner for the assault squads)- grenadier specialized for close combat and trench clearing.There is always a squad leader. He has the same loadout options in every squad but can issue orders and call for different support depending on his squad type.The only negative things I have to say about this game is- lack of support options (currently there is only gas, artillery and airsupport). Tank support or big NPC assault waves could be added as high level squad support intensifying the battles dramatically and really giving the player an idea of how it is to look at dozens of enemies charging towards his trench!- lack of customization options. Though the system is already quite customizable it could be even more customizable! E.g. enabling the player to choose his own weapons in stead of having three fixed weapon loadouts for each class.That said, I think this game is one of the best WWI-games ever made! If you like intense FPS shooters or war games, or if you're just interested in history and WWI, I definitely recommend Verdun!My rating: 10/10 points."
76561198048139650,Recommended,242860,22860399,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SaltySoldier117,This is an outstanding game that has no real problems. There aren't many games of this genre and this game portrays WW1 brilliantly
76561198087986552,Recommended,242860,15939209,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Milo Dack,Hard to play at first but you get the hang of itGreat game though
,Recommended,242860,15663834,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Smecker127,"I purchased this game about a week ago and was very surprised by what I had stumbled upon. What I was expecting was a call of duty set in the trenches of WW1. What I have been playing (pretty much non-stop since i bought it!) was a highly squad-based, realistic, and addictive historical FPS. It really does capture the essence of the chaos in the trenches as well as the futility you will eventually feel every time you go over the top to charge the enemy trench. Charging at machine guns, rifles, and artillery fire to gain just a few metres of ground is a very different experience than any other game I've ever played. Anyways my pros and cons are:Pros-Realistic maps, weapons, and shooting (no twitch fire, quickscoping, etc.)-Great squad play, if you do not play as a team player, you will die. Again. And. Again.-Sense of satisfaction from capturing the next trench and line and desperation as you start to lose it in the counter-attackCons-Maps are a bit too big for the team sizes, sometimes it feels as though there aren't enough people attacking or defending. This could be remedied with larger team sizes obviously, or NPC's.-Very odd squad progression system that sometimes carries on through matches and sometimes doesn;t, this is annoying especially when my mates and I are trying to get to the next level of uniform and upgrades.Overall this is a very well made game that is definetly worth its price. I hope to see future updates adding more great content!10/10"
76561198077371222,Recommended,242860,23093638,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Doc Jay,"Spawn in as FusillierWalk into gas cloud, gas mask onWalk over edge of trenchshot in face by sniper instantly10/10 Accurate to WWI"
,Recommended,242860,7977361,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Berserk Jeff,This game is truly awesome. Any fan of Red Orchestra should find huge enjoyment in this game.
,Recommended,242860,12393665,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,GrimyGamer,"It's a good game, but you just have to get use to the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ah0Bpnhnt-UVerdun is a squad-based multiplayer FPS set in First World War (WW1) . It may take some time to, but you will have your fun. Although you will also have the times were you don't have fun in the battle(s) that you are in. So, you could have great battles or bad battles, either way it is a good game to play. You just need to learn."
76561197980553597,Recommended,242860,15681859,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,mckenzie boyd-clowes,"Verdun is a great squad-based FPS, with a nice balance between realism and playability. It's harsh, gritty and unforgiving, and you will die a lot.You'll get blown up by artillery, just as you've finally managed to sneak through no-man's land while dodging the MG bullets flying over your head. You will choke on mustard gas, and you will get your head bashed in by a sneaky german NCO who's crept up behind you and is now pistol whipping you with his luger. You will hear the clink-clank of a grenade landing between your feet half a second before you're blown to bits. You will freak out as you miss your first shot with your slow-as-♥♥♥♥ bolt action rifle, while some crazy canadian is charging you with a god damn club. You will slam your mouse down on your desk repeatedly while screaming profanities as you get stuck in barbed wire for the second time in one round, but hopefully you've got a sturdy gaming mouse that is suited for that kind of abuse.At it's best, Verdun is a really intense and immersive experience. The trench warfare setting is something you'll either love or hate, and makes it a bit different from other shooters that are usually set in more urban environments. It's highly recommended to play this game with friends, as the squad aspect is really important, and cooperation is the key to being successful. You will also gain co-op xp with the people you play with, which gives your squad improved perks and abilities.This game is great fun if you enjoy historically themed FPS-games and bolt-action rifles. The learning curve is steep, but don't be discouraged. It is recommended that you read the official guides on steam before entering the game, just to understand more of what's happening."
76561198129229578,Recommended,242860,24471368,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jtease,I quit playing FPS games a long time ago because they just didn't keep my interest anymore. Too many times I spent the money and then got bored before I got my money's worth. Most new FPS games feel like re-skins of the same games we've all been playing for years... and I just couldn't get into it anymore.I'd never played a WWI FPS before and it was something I always thought would be pretty cool. So when I saw this pop up on Steam I followed it for a while. After a few months I was bored and looking for a new game so I decided to take a chance on Verdun. Personally I feel like it's the best game purchase I've made in a while. This has been the most fun I've had with a FPS game since I can remember.The trench warfare is just a totally different feel than anything I've ever played before. The pace of combat changes constantly depending on whether you are attacking or defending - and there are multiple ways to attack and defend depending on your load out. The squad system is actually pretty unique too.The learning curve isn't too steep - and so far the community has been pretty cool.I highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,242860,31633957,Posted: 8 May,all,Bergerac,"Fantastic game, the trench warfare is captured very well. The pace of the game feels right for how I'd imagine trench warfare to be. The game has atmosphere, and the developers attention to detail and focus on prioritising historical accuracy is something that I appreciate."
,Recommended,242860,32630653,Posted: 21 June,all,Duke Silver,"Verdun probably benefits from a lack of competition in the WW1 genre, but with its realistic atmosphere, weapons, and gameplay, the game stays true to the era and is an enjoyable game. My only issues that I have seen from the game, after having separated my viewpoints from that of a newcomer, are the higher leveled squads benefits, unbalanced maps, lopsided squads, about a half dozen terrible classes, spawn killing, an ineffective team balancing system, and at times a toxic player base. Some of these issues are trivial and others can be solved by personal experience (higher leveled squads, spawn killing, and squad selections). Others can get frustrating like the unbalanced maps of Douaumont and Argonne and the class selections. I think the pros of the game outweigh the cons.The biggest issue I find that needs actual fixing is the team balancing system. The developers have added a team balancing system that notifies the players that the sides are uneven and kindly asks players from the larger team to switch sides. If no player switches sides, the larger team receives higher respawn times and a point penalty. Perhaps auto-switching players would prove more useful. I find that when the overpowered team is asked to have a few of its members switch sides, none do, and eventually the numbers of the smaller team continuously drop until it becomes an all consuming victory for the larger side. But hey, I never switch sides. Victories come few and spaced. Why should I switch sides if no one ever switched to my team when we were outnumbered?It is not truly the fault of the developers, but the rift between the amount of low levels and level 100 players seems at times a bit imposing, causing major imbalances in a game. This in turn causes the low-leveled players to quit and suddenly a match that was even becomes a 10v6 match. On the other hand, higher-leveled players tend to provide great advice during combat, even to opposing players. The veteran base is overall helpful and at times brilliant at composing troop orders and assaults.Some maps favor a side. Some squads are weak compared to others. Some classes are too limited and useless on some maps. Once one plays enough to understand the difference, the game seems more understandable and more enjoyable. Though, until then, enjoy having a Kill/Death ratio under 1:1."
,Recommended,242860,33660389,Posted: 19 July,all,Zedward White,"If you are someone who is looking for a realistic first world war game this is the one for you.WARNING FOR FPS NEWBSThis game is not for the ones who hates dying over and over again. It took me many hours of playing (about 6) before I started feeling like I was getting any good at the game. The shooting mechanis take a lot of getting use to as well, hipfiring is essentually not a option in this game unless you are either really lucky, using the shotgun, or proned and using a luger (best hipfire gun when prone from my experience). Learning how to unlock the new classes in frontlines took me a while to figure out as well but once you do it easy to gain experience and get more guns quickly. Part of the learning is the map layout and finding the best sniping, advancing, and cover when attacking/defending and such. Again though, excpet to die a lot, esspecually since this game has a one shot kill for all gun (depending on range, and where you hit plus what weapon you use). All explosives will kill you instantly and there is a lot of that in this game so be prepared to die from unexpected explosives. The only thing you can really avoid are grenades if you see them fall near you or hear them hit the ground, just hope the person did not cook it and you have time to get away.Game design and balanceI find the game is balance very well, for the most part although certain classes like the belgains and scottish squads are rarley used due to the fact the other squads just symply have nicer guns to use (iron sights wise). The front lines play out nicley and there is always at least one game running in all the different modes during all times of the day. All the maps play out very well and have their different play styles very similar to the real life comparision (from what little research I know). This though can make certain maps a lot more chaotic and will have a lot of spawn and die several seconds later from Machine gun fire that dominates the playing feild.  This can be countered however with squad captains who can fire gas, mortar, and artiller fire. There is also a smoke screen however I find it does not last enough, about 10 second. Although it fires fast, I feel it should last a lot longer.At the end though, once you figure out the games realistic mechanis you  can rack up a lot of kills and with few deaths. I would recomand this to anyone and find the commuity in the game very enjoy able and friendly. However if you ever join a game where one squad has all the players in it with the same name and all level 100... find a new match, I think they might be hackers and typically dominate the whole map and like to try and push everyones buttons. Out of the houndred of hour I have played this has only happened twice so its a very rare occurance.This game is a very fun game to play and I look forward to the upcoming stand alone expantion Tanningburg. See you on the front lines!"
,Recommended,242860,21263899,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Sharing,got points for retreating as a frenchman10/10 true immersion
76561197991023581,Recommended,242860,14087329,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,i kill people,"Dear *Name has been rubbed off*,My love, it has been three days since I've bought this game, and I cannot stress how much I love it here. From gunshots flying by my head throwing me into a daze, to my dear friends dying (and respawning) around me, this game made feel something I haven't felt in an FPS in a game in a long while: It immersed me in its world and made me feel like a real WW1 soldier. And dear sweet lord, it feels good.I can feel it in my head, my love. The urge to roleplay seethes through me. I want to leap onto my desk and charge foward as my allies do whenever the general calls for a charge, and I can feel my heart racing when I fail to capture a point and must fall back to my trench. I feel like I must watch every single area around me. And if I fail to observe a single thing in this drab, grey/brown world, it oftentimes costs me my life. Every shot matters, accuracy is key, and knowing the positioning of my body can mean the difference between life and death. And let's not talk about how my gas mask barely fits over my head. But hey, at least it lets me breathe through the toxic yellow gas. But do not worry, my love: The medical coverage is wonderful here, so I come back with everything intact with no seeming consequence.The world is very gray, and sometimes, the textures of the world seem to flash in and out. Even worse, I can see the nether space that makes up our world disappear from the ground beneat my feet. War is hell, but by god, I hope it fixes the graphics in this texture-popping world. It's a scary sight to behold. And perhaps I have not been here long enough, but oftentimes I struggle to discern allies from foes, which often leads to my death. (Until I discovered that there is no friendly fire in this world. I must keep that in mind next time. Always shoot first and ask questions later)I cannot customize the way I look, so don't worry about the socks I requested from before. As well, I don't like my uniform the way it is right now. This blue uniform makes me look a flashing neon light in a dark room screaming, ""HEY GERMANS! PLEASE SHOOT ME"".My time runs short, so I must keep this letter brief. As time goes on, I will be more than willing to send more letters to update the progress of the war. But know that I will be doing my best here. It's an ugly world and the things to do here are very repetitive, but overall, it's quite a nice place to be in.I love you, *name is rubbed off*. I will be sure to write to you again soon.P.S. Send a football for next year's Allies vs. Entente Christmas Football League."
76561198019018367,Recommended,242860,12706886,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,will487,"By now, I can safely say this is one of the best WW1 first-person shooters I have ever played; and continues to improve day on day.   Through little over a year, the game has come on leaps and bounds with the addition of various new factions including the Tommies and Canadians, as well as the German assasult Strosstrupen squad.  Various additions to the game are also in the works including a new melee system, and other, highly anticipated map releases.  Although this game is not finished - with it being in Early Access - through having slight bugs or glitches, I can safely say this game is going to be a huge success with the steam community, and if you are thinking of buying the game, know you are going to jump right in with a dedicated and reassuring community fighting it out in the muddy depths of World War one.  9/10."
,Recommended,242860,16137140,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,็,"My first game of Verdun:Spawns with only a Luger and shovelGets executed from leaving trench while defendingSpawns againUnloads an entire clip into a French soldier and kills himBecomes happy and proud of Heroes and General's skillGets instantly killed by a single bulletSpawnsGets instantly killed by a single bulletSpawnsAttacks enemy trenchGets instantly killed by a single bulletSpawnsTries to crouchStarts to prone insteadProne blockedProne blockedProne blockedGets frustrated at the tiny rock blocking the prone and stands upGets instantly killed by a single bullet11/10, would get instantly killed by a single bullet again."
76561198092332873,Recommended,242860,21905970,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,[FeAsT] Count Chubby Landshark,My commanding officer and a spotter were launched into the air by artillery right infront of me.Send a PTSD care team please.
,Recommended,242860,24071049,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,|Ł₣| CHIVØ,"-get blown by a granade, leg flies away-ask my team to get my leg-they told me ""finders keepers""still looking for it 10/10Now serously this game is great for a change if you're tired of the usual fast shooters."
,Recommended,242860,15727808,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,⌘Ørtona43␘,You could call me a bit of a history nut and a war buff so it's only natural that I play this game with great determination.This is truely a real Gem of a game and the Dev's should be proud of what they have accomplished here. The historical accuracy is 2nd to none and only getting better with each and every update... and there have been many.All seriousness a side though. Have you ever been picking your way across Nomans Land and got taken down by machine gun fire or an artillery strike... well of course you have and what better time than to make a quick trip to the bathroom right. Only to return back and find you have respawned in a shell crater full of water laying face down and died again. Lesson learned! xDWarningOnly buy this game if you know how to respond to a dog whistle! :PLove it!
,Recommended,242860,15937164,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,HayBarrels,"Amazingly realistic, you have to think about flanking or where to come at them. Well scary when the guy in front of you gets shot. So fun when you get in there trench and they don't know. So cool when you run over the top with your whole army. Even better when your sqaud's in the trench. Fun with freinds (if they follow orders, I play as corporal, I'm ok but my friends don't listen to me much, but when you get put into a squad with people that are willing to follow you, it is so fun they follow you and all.). Over all there are some glitches sometimes eg a random face appearing on your screen for 0.25 secs and he's like 'Hallo'. But it is a really fun game and is better than CoD in how scary it gets, like when you're lieng down and an MG is shooting at you and you get deaf (in game) and your screen goes black and white"
,Recommended,242860,13526033,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,rascal,"I grew up with games such as Battlefield 1942 and some of the great mods for it such as Forgotten Hope or Desert Combat and I am one of those people that just don't get to enjoy the direction that many AAA games are taking anymore.Some of my favorite games are done by small but very competent teams such as Red Orchestra, Insurgency or No more Room in Hell.I keep having my eyes out for interesting new games to play and Verdun sparked my attention just recently.What can I say, I LOVE THAT GAME!!! Like many other people were already saying before me it captures that ""battlefeel"" in such stunning ways that it makes you feel like being right there at the front with you fellow buddies in the mud. The controls are just perfect, the ambiance is awesome. It is NOT a campers feast or a sniper orgy as I was first afraid of, the trenches and the many craters in the battlefield will work to your advantage keeping your head down while you approach the enemies trenches (or run away from them haha).  The level-up mechanism is very motivating, it doesn't take too long to unlock the different weapons that each class comes with and they are all very well balanced. As already mentioned the controls are superb and put you right in the soldiers boots without any weird clunky mechanics to getting used to. The weapon handling is great and feels very realistic.I play it alone but the way the game is build most of the times you end up fighting with some people out of your squad side on side which makes it a very team oriented experience.The graphics look super nice and I was very surprised to find out it was Unity Engine, I thought it was unreal 4 engine the first time I played. Keep in mind though that the game is done by just a handful of people so they don't have the resources to add tons of stuff nonstop but every patch I have seen so far added good features that made lots of sense. It says I only played 15,6 hours but that can't be true I played much more then that.Did I forget anything? I hope this game has a long future ahead of it with more and more people joining the battlefields and discovering how much fun it is. I hope the dev team will support this game for a long time too and keep adding maps and awesome events such as the Christmas truce.  Long story short: do your self a favor and buy this marvel of an indie game. One of the most motivating shooters I played in years without a doubt."
76561198069945348,Recommended,242860,32795108,Posted: 25 June,all,Dangerous Amoeba,"10/10Made me wanna survive 2 years of mud, artillary, gas, mortars, starvation and night raids only to jump the top on the command of my officer and charge through the mud, fog, dead bodies, mines and artilliary, towards the enemy who's gone through the same hell i have and get hit by a machinegun bullet, and lay dying in no mans land as my other comrades retreat or die."
,Recommended,242860,14498823,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,JxI,Its like your Secondary School History lessons... But fun 10/10
,Recommended,242860,25793993,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,I Camp Goal And Clear 4 U,It's like the insurgency mod and day of defeat source had a baby.  My only complaint is that they didn't advertise hard enough for me to find it sooner.
,Recommended,242860,30578784,Posted: 17 March,all,Kaiser Wilhelm II,if you want a true ww1 game . buy verdun
76561198056190967,Recommended,242860,25213527,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sgt. Tetgmeyer,-Running down trench-Turn conrner-German mg is watching-Turn back to get cover-Squadmates keep going-Squadmates don't let me through-Squadmates start pushing me back into line of fire-Desperately try to get around-No use they keep pushing-Get thrown back into line of fire-Get mowed down by while rest of squad lives-Respawn on them infrount of MG and die again1914/10 whould be sacrificed by squad againVerdun is a tatical shooter focusing around trench warfare on the western frount in WW1. It is 16 vs 16 divided into squads of four for the main game mode. Most weapons are one to two shot kills sometimes three depending on the range. The main goal is simple capture more trenches then the opposeing team in the 30 minute time limit or push the enemy team off the map. You most gain a foot hold in the enemies trench before the time limit runs out if you contiune to have one guy in the trench it will not call a retreat you have extra time to hold a majority number for a short amount of time. If you fail at this you will be put on the defence until the enemy team falls back or takes your trench and the bloody cycle begins anew. If you do decide for this game do not be discouraged when you die alot. What matter in the end is doing your job and winning the match.Overall fun game I highly recomend it to anyone intrested in tatical shooters or WW1 history just be prepared to die jumping into the enemy trench alot.
,Recommended,242860,15766993,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,DeadlyPig,killed a dude with tear gas...& went on a killstreak with a shovel
,Recommended,242860,14001068,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Bishop,"Really fun game, one of my best game purchases ever.The maps are great and while the setting of trenches doesn't change much but the size, ambience and intensity does change with each.The weapons feel good and being mainly 1 hit kills makes them feel powerful, with bullet drop and lead times it does take skill to hit targets.There are still bugs and optimisation problems but the Devs are working on it and there's patches nearly every week.The Devs themselves are great guys, fun to chat and joke with and can often be seen playing their own game, hope they do more Streams on twitch as it was great to be able to take part in the Q&A with them and helps show their active in the community."
76561198146936996,Recommended,242860,14684917,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mr. Steal Your Grill,Dying Simulator 2015.
76561198168804837,Recommended,242860,29993770,Posted: 17 February,all,gluten free,It is very intense sitting in a mud hole in no mansland being surounded by enemies and at the same time bombarded!I recomend this game strongly
,Recommended,242860,22372574,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TEDious_Panzers_,"Beautiful graphics, wonderful gameplay and devs that care about the community and not profits.I would recommend it to anyone that either:1) Likes pc games2) likes fps games3) likes ww1 games4) Goes through puberty (everyone!)10/10"
76561198071800515,Recommended,242860,33713223,Posted: 21 July,all,nolesy48,"Spawn in as French, make obvious French surrendering jokes, artilery strike, trench assault, PTSD from fellow French being shot infrony of me- 10/10 would get shell shock again"
76561198007577646,Recommended,242860,33917201,Posted: 30 July,all,Funnyman,The  best WW1 GAme out there...Period.
,Not Recommended,242860,15919158,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Señor_Pewtor,"After extensive experience with military shooters i feel the need to advert players about Verdun.As i write this the game has just left early access and is released and i have clocked in more then 18h of playing.The Pros:-Guns sound good.-Feedback of the game is fairly positive, when you hit something you can feel it.-Uniforms are nicely rendered and the progression system is interesting.-Focus on squad gameplay is pretty unique in FPS world.-Maps are fairly interesting and feel authentic.-Its the real first attempt at a commercial WW1 FPS game.-Great value for price.-Great fun when teams are balanced.The Cons:-Atmosphere feels flat.-Spawn killing is an severe issue.-Hit detection and hit boxes are very very rough, you could literally be point at some guys shoulder or chest dead on and nothing registers.-Your shots will vanish upon your death, even though you fired off you rifle before dying.-Lewis gun is unusable due to overly chunky sights, which are a poor representation how peephole type of sights actually work in reality.-Grenade throwing is very clunky and basic and doesn't allow for any nuanced approach, you are always stuck chucking the grenade at full force.-Movement is unresponsive and awkward.Going from prone, crouch and standing there are these small delays that will often get you killed. and forget about jumping into cover your character will try to crouch first.-There is a really strange disconnect in between what you are seeing and what is really happening. In the sense that when you think you have plenty of cover somehow your head is sticking out and you can be shot at? Either this is true or somehow shots can go through solid terrain and neither option is really great.-The retreat mechanic is very poorly implemented, you get very little time to get out of no man's land, its actually more worthwhile to stay behind and attempt to kill something before the inevitable doom and just turn your back and get shot like 99% of the times. This needs to re-designed for it punishes people that are actively trying to fufill the offensive objectives.-Gas seems more of a inconvenience then a terrifying weapon. You often find it being more useful as a smoke screen then  actually incapacitating soldiers like it actually did.-Maps have some really noticeable design flaws. That lead to problems of gameplay. Specially on the loser side, the further you are pushed to the back the more unlikely it becomes for you to be able to make a comeback has the reserve and communication trenches are often devoid of cover or depth. Often even resulting in predictable spawn killings.-barbed wire is counter intuitive and in some cases too effective in channeling players into killing zones.-Legions of bugs, seriously guys, you shouldn't have launched it as is.Conclusions:-I can't reccomend it based on the fact that is so bug ridden and bare bones in many aspects. Although i love what they are trying to do and the vision is very interesting and compelling with a heavy heart i have to say this isn't up to snuff. It needs a hell lot more polish and work before i can really say it is a game worth buying. If things get better over time i might change it to a positive review, but atm it is too rough around the edges.Note to the devs:Seriously work harder guys, i really want to give this a positive score and reccomend it, it's up to you."
76561198021789376,Recommended,242860,15618771,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Brother,"Even though Verdun was only just fully released, myself and I am sure many more felt like we had a full game on our hands from the beginning. The production value, sounds, rendering, and sheer attention to detail has slowly amplified over the past year, and we look forward to these next months as the community expands and enjoys. Well done, boys."
76561198089461184,Recommended,242860,14580376,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,His_Holiness:_The_Pope,"Definitely, Definitely buy this game.  If you're thinking you might be interested even the tiniest bit, Guess what?  You're right! You'll love it.  Since I've started playing this game, all of my personal relationships have suffered greatly due to neglect."
76561198063182222,Recommended,242860,21633752,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,[1stTX.F] Pvt Cyberknight,"- Playing Verdun- Everyone starts talking about sabaton- Talking about sabaton's songs- Taught player how to put music in steam music player, so he could play sabaton through steam- Squad leader was named ""Sabaton""- Main cause of death that game was being gunned down while typing about sabaton6/10, needs more Sabaton"
,Recommended,242860,22013824,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Autistic Wazowski,"VerdunBefore ""horrors of war"":an update was release a few months before the expansion which made the game run like s**t and crash constantly. only after another few weeks was i then able to play. the game was ok; hard, buggy and a bit lacking in content.After ""horrors of war"":This has changed the game, a load of new guns, squads and a new map make this game now alot more enjoyable. The main reason i now love this game is the gore, now at first this eems wrong and gothic, what i mean is the scary and tormenting deaths, some simple and some graphic, make you realize what it may have been like. everytime you or someone neear dies a chill runs through my spine and reminds how bad the Great War was. obviously this game on shows a fraction of the struggles, but at least the developers have given the time to make detailed loading screens with pictures and desriptions of the battle that you are about to take foot in.Overall: I am just hoping that dice/EA are not developing a WWI game as i belive it would be more insulting than anything else, with more focus on getting kills then verduns focus on trying to make you experience what the horrific battles might have been like. the game is now very good and a very good edition to anyones steam library"
76561198018667116,Recommended,242860,22303882,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Raccoon,"I'm personally very fond of this game. It's become my most favored first person shooter since CoD: World at War, but I'll try to present a fair review.This review was written following the release of the ""Horrors of War"" Expansion for Verdun.Pros:-Accurate representation of World War I-Weapons are fitting to the era and fun!-You start out with 1914-era uniforms and progress to 1916-era uniforms as you level up with friends.-Fairly easy to earn medals even if you didn't play all that well.-The frontlines game-mode really makes you feel like you're participating in the Great War-The writhing death animations and screams will haunt my dreams for years.Cons:-Sometimes your body launches up into the air after being shot. It's kind've funny though.-The community has been sort've notably infiltrated by the CoD and Battlefield community; you can spot them by their endless whining in the chat.-Getting good at the game will require you to die at the start of your career. A lot. You'll get better at it with the more time you put into learning the gameplay. Most people tend to give up within the first ten ranks. If you're easily discouraged or prone to breaking blood vessels from high blood pressure, I don't recommend getting this game.If you're a history buff or have an appreciation for well-made World War games, get it. If you're looking for an ""MVG +420 Call of Duty sequel"" keep looking."
76561198225039728,Recommended,242860,16995580,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Spyral,"This game is very good. It is by far worth the money. The only issue I have had with Verdun is a few firewall interupptions.This game is very intense, exciting, and the graphics are very good. (Particularly the trench graphics. Very authenic good weaponry. Last hiccup with the game is that the aiming sensitivity can sometimes be a bit annoying. Apart from those two small things, the game is amazing. Four and a half stars. Definently worth your money and time."
76561198203390228,Recommended,242860,28813563,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ragnar Lothbrok ⚡⚡,"A good game that is historically accurate, There is not a very big fanbase which is surprising. Battlefield 1 is so overrated and its games like this that should be bought, I only have a few hours on it because there arent that many people that play it."
76561198075935229,Recommended,242860,15365709,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,MC Feldspaten,I got killed by mortars 16 times in a single match and smashed my keyboard into 39 pieces with a hammer.10/10 would rage again
,Recommended,242860,16464712,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[XI] Kauê,"After playing this game I learned to respect troopers of ww1, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I woud not survive one day in this hell."
76561198064994337,Recommended,242860,16495808,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nomad,"(Edited Review as of March 27th, 2016) Horrors of War took this beautiful game and cranked it to 11! Tons of new weapons, even more factions, coop wave mode, realistic gore, and my favorite thing, the death rattles and somber wails of your enemies and comrades when killed by gas, bullets, arty, barbed wire, burned alive or simply beaten to♥♥♥♥♥♥with a shovel or club. This game continues to push the hellish and brutal atmosphere of The Great War.While optimaztion and performance has increased for me slightly (90fps avg Ultra/High @ 1440p) it does drop to 55fps in heavily crowded areas with gas and arty strikes landing but overall feels smoother. (Mileage varies) Overall I still reccomend this game heavily to anyone who adores playing this style of game alone or with friends!(Original Review)The game places you in some of the bloodiest and gruesome battlefields that WW1 ever had... An does so in such beautiful and engaging way it makes your heart pound.Pushing forward trenches with your teammates and friends, frightened that a bomb will land beside you and take your squad out while also dodging rifle and machine gun fire, grenades, and artilery as you push onwards to take your position in the frontlines all the while your NCO's drop artilery and gas on the enemy. If you are lucky enough to get into the forward trenches you fight without mercy in close quarter combat using pistols, grenades, bayonets, shovels and whatever else you may have at your disposal until you either take over the trench or forced to retreat licking your wounds until next time.Once you gain the trench or fall back you are now in charge of holding what you have with all you got. You dig in and get ready as artilery shells pound steadily across the battlefield an enemy soliders push your postion, as gas drops in your trench you frantically put your gas mask on and wait hoping to see the enemy pushing through the gas and explosions and kill them before you are killed yourself.This game is not for the arcade fps game fans, but would def recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good realistic fps game with frantic combat and smooth gameplay. Worth the full asking price or steam sale prices. Will not be disappointed.For those who didnt have the pleasure of owning the game back 2013, this is what you missed during the christmas time!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7K1XpgavJ5w"
76561198041042977,Recommended,242860,29502189,Posted: 26 January,all,Brobama,Prepare to die a lot
,Recommended,242860,8161289,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,☢DЯo!d╰_╯★☭,"This was reviewed on 120 betaThis game is awesome. It is set in WWI Western Front, Battle of Verdun, which was fought between Germans and French. Gunplay, maps and overall gameplay feels a lot like Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm so if you've liked that game you will love Verdun too.Gunplay feels verysmooth, and realistic. For now in 120 beta there are a lot of bolt actions with bayonets and scopes which you can unlock. Pistols and Machineg guns are present, but I prefer playing frontline soldier with simple boldtaction to kill my enemies.The pace of the game is a bit so so dont expect to get 40+ kills every game, but i think this is a good thing.The thing i love about this game is the realistic gamemode which is consiting of defending a trench and then after some time counter attacking the enemy. If sucessful in capturing the trench from enemy you have to defend it fromeneies counter attack. If not you fall back and defend the old position. Stalemates are common like they were in WWI.Anouther game mode that is rifle (bolt-action rifle) deathmatch free for all,this game mode is self explanotory.Overall the game is awesome and i would recommend it to all my friends to play it."
,Recommended,242860,31599219,Posted: 7 May,all,Apfel [CoN],Buy this though a little hard for first-timers and COD players. Offers a great view of WW1.
76561198093909893,Recommended,242860,31329268,Posted: 23 April,all,A Wild Mononoke,Amazing ww1 style game!!!
,Recommended,242860,10499371,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,NightMorph,"-Highly Recommended Title-""Now I find, I actually have to be good at gameplay,to do well in Verdun. The biggest challenge is me.""Verdun is a realstic WW1 FPS with its strengths being in it's squad - role based gameplay, and historical representation (the maps are realistic for the period, as are the character , models, weapons, uniforms etc .)One can really get immersed in the ebb and flow of the battles, the atmosphere, geography and heat of the battle.. And feel how tough and suicidal WW1 was.With that in mind, the squad based gameplay allows a good breadth of available strategy and tactics that can be employed to successfully ""gain ground""....but it does take team work, and thats what I really like.The player objects are well represented, and have had undertaken, numerous tweaks, improvements and additions. There are period uniforms, and, as a squad progresses - uniforms get upgraded.Weapon usage and realism is pretty good too. There are aspects that can be improved  (like reloading animations, muzzle flash etc.) Overall, Im able to hit my target, if I take my time - and have good cover and support.The graphics over all are excellent - quite a bit of work has been done by the dev's to smooth the performance vs quality.  Ultra settings still need to be improved - when turned on - performance is very ""laggie"". Graphic performance and quality on ""High"" is good enough though.The sounds are also excellent, with period music, action sounds (explosions, gun fire etc),  and battlecries.The game continues to be developed - the current version is 170 - I think it's pretty close to a final product - but the dev's aren't done yet!It's not an easy game to get started out on for everyone, but other players will help you out if you are new, or you can head over to theVerdun War Collegeand enrol.Between 5-10 hours of gameplay is needed to become somewhat proficient  atVerdun:)Verdun is definately worth the money, and your dollars will help the WW1 era games to develop...they have been the poor cousin to WWII games.TheVerduncommunity is full of passionate, helpful and decent people. Wouldn't be a community without it's trolls too, of which,Verdunhas it's fair share. There are numerous official and unofficial guides available to help you understand what's ""under the hood"" .Early Access Score: 8/10"
76561198087753522,Recommended,242860,13823072,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gilly In The Mist,"Great game, realistic WW1 warfare."
,Not Recommended,242860,26283118,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,PSNJ96,"I want to like this game, but the controls feel sluggish, the game isn't very well optimized (but not terrible), and I keep having constant glitches and issues every time I play. I don't think it's realistic for a person to suddenly explode for no reason, or for weapons to disapear from existance. It's quite possibly just my ping causing issues since I am unlucky enough not to live in America. Maybe if you do, or anywhere else that is near a server, you would have more fun. But even then, the game just feels kind of...meh. It seems to shoot for realism but everything just drags that down and it feels like a very messy in-between to me.Like I said, I want to like this game, but so far I haven't had any good impressions and I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,24513712,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,metroidguy,"With only a few hours I can still say this game is worth buying, incredible gameplay, smooth mechanics and great models. If you're like me and saw battlefield 1 as a re-skinned ww2 shooter than this is your game! Verdun is the true ww1 experience, highly recommend it to anyone who's tired of fast paced shooters with no reason to use tactics or teamwork."
76561197973106839,Recommended,242860,15582150,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Buffet of Lies,"Having played this game since the early days of it's beta testing I can't really describe adequately how proud I am of the developers of this game. The finished product, I think, speaks for itself. This game is, in this gamer's opinion, a finely-polished killing machine. From the painstakingly detailed period uniforms from several of the nations involved in the First World War, to the gleam of the mud in the filthy, blood-soaked trenches, this game is, simply put, beautiful. This isn't a case of some sub-contractors churning out a Call of Duty/Red Orchestra clone to make a few bucks. I believe these gentlemen perceived the absence of a quality FPS for the Great War and set their efforts to doing this over the past few years. This isquality.Considering the development team was so small it is simply amazing to me that this game is as great as it is but having played several times with the developers themselves grunting in the trenches with me, I think it is certain that this is the product of a labor of love. And their efforts have succeeded indeed. This has been my favorite FPS for the past year. There have been a few missteps along the way but the developers were always on the ball and fixed things with lightning speed. The community is definitely one of the top tier as well. If you are as fascinated by this historical period as I then I cannot recommend any other game more highly. My hat is off to you, sirs.Bravo and well done."
76561198116492961,Recommended,242860,14062012,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tarfun,"After seeing some the negative reviews for the game i almost considered not buying it, though something in me decided to purchase the game, and man am i glad i did!Being a lover for history I find I prefer games not set in present day, so Empire total war and Mount and blade both appealed (no matter how unrealistic) though I have always preferred the two world wars, namely WW1; this led to purchasing Rising storm/Red Orchestra (fantastic game BTW), however, when I realised there was a game which was similar to Rising storm but in the trenches I was compelled to see how it turned out.Long story short I loved this game, it has a perfect mix of realism and quick arcade fun to keep one hooked for the whole 40 minute matches (they are quite long!). The simple idea of assaulting over no man’s land and trying to capture a trench in a certain time period, before either gaining a foothold or having to fall back to defend really forces the player to advance or defend if you want your team to win. Some people do camp in the trenches when you attack but this can be beneficial to provide covering fire to your team.To summarise; I like history, I bought this game, I like this game!10/10 would bayonet an enemy officer after accidently smashing keyboard!"
,Recommended,242860,15466021,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Diogenes,"Let me start this review by stating that I play this game on the lowest possible graphics settings, so my review will not contain any real opinion of the finer graphical details.The game is freakin awesome.  Very immersive, very fun to play, and there are a lot of very cool people in the Verdun community.That being said, there have been some issues over the past month or so regarding performance for some players.  Fortunately not ALL players were affected, but I myself have had periods of a week or more where I was unable to play.Overall, yes I recommend this game.  Whenever there is a problem, the devs seem to fix it reasonably promptly, and most of the time, whatever issue you might experience, is relatively minor anyway.So yes, good game I love it, 500hrs playing it and it is still fun every time!"
,Recommended,242860,15494650,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Spooky Cate 馬鹿外人,"It's come a long way since I started playing in October 2013. I recommend this due to the fact it's one of the only good WW1 games out there, you really should get it."
76561198089460139,Recommended,242860,12907316,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[CN].Krabboy,"Just like the game of RO2, Which the style is WWI NOT WWII"
76561198035949282,Recommended,242860,15664070,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CardinalReason,"This game is really awesome.  It feels very realistic, like you're really in WW1, both in the ways battles are won and in the fighting itself.  Everything seems to have weight to it, unlike some shooters.  I recommend this game to all fans of WW1 and any shooter fans with a little patience."
76561197999437410,Recommended,242860,25644661,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,martjn7,Punishingly realistic in the best possible way.
,Recommended,242860,32765064,Posted: 25 June,all,arrowtt33,"I paid $6.45 for trenchfoot, dysentry and rat infested housing. I am not regretting my purchase.WARNING:Game may result in:PTSDTrenchfootDysentryGas AttacksArtillery strikesRatsTetanusetc.I give this 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,11466600,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Musicman,"If you are in to tactical squad action, this game is for you. There is no bullet drop, so most of the time its a one shot kill, which adds to the realism of WW1 trench warfare. Now that it's on sale, and a lot of people are playing, the battles are intense where you have to take sectors and defend for a while. This has a rank up system, and look forward to what more patches will bring, hopefully a graphics overhaul, it's not great now, but it's not bad.You always have to watch all your diretions in this game as the enemy could come from anywhere. I would reccomend taking advantage of this sale, and would always recommend it at full price."
76561198027449239,Recommended,242860,16907867,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,[CG]GeorgeCrecy,"Verdun is based in the tumultuous and incredibly bloody World War I, where trench warfare and the rise of the first tanks took place. The game takes you to various locals and humongous maps spanning the length of France. I have long been an admirer of history, and I must say that this game has not disappointed me in keeping to the period.To speak of the graphics, the game in it's earliest form was basic at the least. However, it has gone far from those nascent graphics and has blossomed into a grimy and bloody masterpiece of historical-based games. Gun models are very realistic and detailed, and include things such as serial numbers and maker's etchings for those that look closer than just the far sights. Uniforms, with the benefit of a scrupulous historical adviser and modeling team, are top notch and pleasant to the eye, as much as they are to the period. On top of these, much work has been done to detail every inch of maps with props and trenches that are again as if they were lifted right from the annals of time to be played by our more recent generation.Game play is formed to follow the manner of tactics used at the time, with the defending or assaulting of trenches, where the capturing of a trench by your team earns it one grueling, hard-won point. After such a minor victory has been achieved, you must then aid your team in defending your well-earned prize for a time before continuing on to the next trench or, failing that, being beaten back to start anew. In this, Verdun captures the essence of the period brutally, but beautifully. You are also able to have a variety of characters at your command that are chosen from a ""squad."" A squad, whether of the Central or Entente powers or factions, have four characters each to choose from, and are further broken down with three loadouts, two of which needing be unlocked via points that you are able to earn. Furthermore, team play is also very encouraged with the inclusion of squad voice chat and squad or team text chat, allowing you to alert your teammates to an incursion into your trench by the enemy. The deadliness of the period is also well represented by the ease with which your character can be brought down to a rather nasty end, whether it be through a bullet to the skull or a mortar round to your hapless, rag doll body. This being said, I must also mention that there are times when game play breaks down to rather nasty spamming of snipers or those that can and do use grenades to a pretentious amount, forcing the enemy team to also stoop to such levels or be annihilated. While this does happen on occasion, it is few enough times to not pose a very large problem, though one that does need some balancing in the hopeful future.Of the squads I mentioned earlier, you have seven to choose from between the two sides. Three belong to Germany, where you have the Stosstruppen, Landsers, and Alpenjagers. Another four of the Entente powers include the Canadians, ""Tommies,"" Chasseurs Alpins, and Poilus. All of these have their own four variants of characters and three variants of loadouts, which add up to eighty-four different possibilities. For instance, each squad has a leader that can call down powerful artillery, noxious gas, or recon planes to give the location of enemies to you and your entire team. Or you can have machine gunners that lay down anything within their field of fire. More squad types are on the way according to the Verdun wiki, which should be very interesting in future gameplay, especially if they also were to include the Russian faction as well, though such a squad might have some internal dissention...In any case, with the exception of a few player-based hiccups, there is little that can be said against the game, besides the occasional problems for people to connect to friends at times, which could be a rather essential bug were it not to be addressed. I recommend yes for those that are looking into this game, as it is educational and fun for all that would play as a soldier of the muddy, frightening, maddening, grueling, and wonderful Verdun!"
,Recommended,242860,28415532,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Mckenzie,Cares about historical accuracy.   Nails the emotion of the great war.   Would recommend for any true history buff.
,Recommended,242860,22509917,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Psychomantis,"This is a really rad shooter. One of my favorites, it's indie enough to distance itself from the bad parts of big name shooters, but it's amazing enough to keep the good stuff. All the while maintaining its own flavor. Along with more updates and whatnot."
,Recommended,242860,15680673,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Spooky*AUS*™,"The great gap in the FPS universe has now been filed.For decades there was a need for a decent, well made, historically correct WW1 FPS and here it is.From the mud of Flanders to the rugged hills of the Vosges prepare to be thrown into the hell that was The Great War."
,Recommended,242860,17584790,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Sniffer94 [YT],"I love this game so much! :D Best WWI shooter there is, I'd like the game to add more weapons and squads, more countries to the mix. I think that's something that will be coming out! :) For now, the game is awesome! Really fun shooter, bolt action rifle combat system. Trench war is freaking amazing! :D There is always a good feeling when you do something incredible like shoot 5 people with your rifle.Strongly recommend this game if your into this kind of shooters! :) Cheers!"
,Recommended,242860,16315449,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Tortilla,"One of the most beautiful intense games I have ever played. I caught my self frequently leaning in close to my screen attempting to spot the enemy over must cratered fields, through teargas and over my squads corpses.It is full of high pace action that I haven't found in any other game.Some tips:4 puts your gas mask onQ and right click as a commander calls down hell on your enemiesNEVER stand up right and hold still at the same time.Stick with your squad.10/10"
76561198081568003,Recommended,242860,14617300,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Brzezowski,"Great game, great graphics, (Dont be deterred by the screenshots or videos they have upgraded the graphics since then) This game has awesome atmosphere. I love this game. It has a good dedicated community. Choose a faction (or dont), battle on the front lines or in rifle deathmatch. (most people play frontlines)Features:-A unique First World War setting-4 Distinct squads for France, British Commonwealth, or Germany-Unique team gameplay; 4 exclusive roles inside each squad.-Innovative squad leveling system; you have to work together to become stronger.-Cross-platform support PC / Mac / Linux-Massive Multiplayer elements-Historically correct weapons and EquipmentTHIS GAME IS ONE OF A KND HAVEN'T FOUND ANOTHER WW1 FPS!!!"
76561198037993146,Recommended,242860,8504004,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Twiggy Smalls,This game made me wet. 10/10.
,Recommended,242860,15651015,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Tactical Badger,You will not find other game like this
,Not Recommended,242860,34079852,Posted: 7 August,all,Kneecap,"If you buy this game expecting a Red orchestra like experience, you will be disappointed.This game is developed by a handful of guys and it shows. No disrespect to the hard work of the devs, but I cant in good concience recommend this game at full price. The gameplay tries to be a lethal one shot affair ala Red Orchestra in its bid to simulate trench warfare. However, the movement and weapon handling is incredibly clunky. This coupled with some lackluster meat grinder maps make for a very frustrating experience where tactics have very little impact on the gameplay.There is also a very unfair level up system where the game only allows progress through playing with friends. There are TONS of perks to be unlocked, but these can ONLY be gained by leveling up a squad with people you played with before. Good luck if you play this game alone; you might be able to find a leveled up squad to join, but 90% of the time you will have to make your own or join a random squad without the level benefit. Why the devs thought this convoluted system of player progression was a good thing is beyond me. They have not made any attempts at changing it.Furthermore, the classes in this game features some real weird loadouts. Some of them come equipped with only a spade and some grenades. Good luck if you are stuck in a squad where that class is the only option.The good thing however is that this game is very impressive in terms of graphics. It looks incredibly realistic, and features historically correct equipment and uniforms. (However, you will not see most of these uniforms as they are unlocked as part of their ""play with friends"" progression system).TL/DR: Clunky gameplay, no tactical options, unfair level progression, and very similar and lackluster map variety. Wait for a steam sale."
76561198001014053,Recommended,242860,7850584,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Inanimate_Object_Unleashed,"Verdun is a game which is an early access beta game, but even so it is already spectacular!  It is different from most first person shooters in that it is highly cooperative on each of the sides.  Individuals must join a squad which is comprised of four people each of which have different roles within the squad.  If success is to be had, it comes as being a member of a squad, and not just one of many soloists as is commonplace in most other first person shooters.  This not only gives it a unique flavor, but also gives it a strong feeling of what it was like to be fighting in World War One.  To my knowledge, this is the only World War One first person shooter ever to exist.  Other than a few flight simulators, there have been practically no games on the subject of World War One at all.My Grandfather was a veteran of the ""Great War"" which is what it was called up until the conclusion of World War Two.  He was an officer in a tank battalion and commanded a young tanker who would eventually become famous as a World War Two hero, tanker, and general: George Patton.I highly recommend this game.  The authors are continuously updating it, sometimes as frequently as several times a day, but never less than a couple times a week.  They are dedicated to creating a great game, and thus far they have succeeded fantastically.  This game is worth every penny even in this stage of beta, and I'm sure that when it reaches its final release version, it will rank up there with the best first person shooters of all time.  Count yourself lucky by shelling out some cash, and becoming an early release beta tester of this wonderful new game.  I assure you, you will not be sorry."
76561198142896226,Recommended,242860,13792452,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,gomizzou4,Launched Gas on People as I watched them beg for mercy while they die11/10
,Recommended,242860,15599261,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,gamester091,Do you like Red Orchestra 2?Do you like PTSD?Then you will like this game.
76561198048010066,Recommended,242860,14588138,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mark Wilson,"As a student of history I can say this game makes me soooo happy. I really wish that there where more interest in the subject of the Great War, and I really want more games of this genre instead of the strategy games."
76561198061420845,Recommended,242860,15639676,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ionutcer [SG1],"Verdun is considered by me the best Historical FPS of 2015 so far. The Trench Warfare is represented very well, the weaponry is authentic and the waves of attackers and defenders are simulated accurately.Totally a 20 Euros-worth game."
76561198256119882,Recommended,242860,32902571,Posted: 27 June,all,Spleen,"Verdun is harsh and brutal.  If you don't keep your head down you will die.  If you do keep your head down you'll probably die anyway.  It's not impossible though, I'm fairly crap at all FPS and still manage to get plenty of satisfying kills.  I highly recommend this if you like realism over arcade, the whole game is faithful to the time including the limitations of the weapons and these challenges are what make the game.  You spend time popping your head up to take quick shots at anything that moves then ducking, sprinting and crawling through mud with bullets skimming your scalp as you charge towards a trench.  Community are good too.  Only downsides I can think of are that I've shot through quite a number of people before having them kill me, also the time given to withdraw to trench can be a bit short.  Also the sound could be improved a lot.  Also make the squad points thing available from menu, not just in game.  I think more gore would be good too.  I hope they keep working on it, bring it to full potential, this is really unique and a perfect antidote to the console style fps. Buy it now, worth full price and a true bargain in the sale."
,Recommended,242860,14123201,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Aniallator,"Ever dreamt of an FPS set in the First World War? I know I have. Verdun,mon ami, is the answer. There's almost nothing I don't like about it. Let's get to the facts!Pros?Awesome graphics, even on low settings. Over twenty weapons, all authentic, all from the war. The maps are fun and well-planned, and really immerse you in that Great War feeling. If you're afraid of being limited to bolt-action rifles and bayonets, then fear not! There's room for knives, machine guns, pistols, shovels, even submachine guns. You canmêléewith just about everything. For example, if you don't have a bayonet fixed on your rifle, you can strike with the stock. Heck, you can kill people with binoculars! The levelling system is great. Performance is good, and I've encounteredveryfew bugs.Cons?The movement animations always get me... I mean, when you're running, your weapon just looks like it's bobbing off your chest! They need to look less robot and more human. The crawling animation isn't good. I'd like for there to be static HMGs, however the devs have said that this is a no-go.In the end? Anawesomegame! Among the best games I've ever played... and it's in beta! Later we'll see more maps (including a more indoor/urban map, set in fort Douaumont), more squads... who knows what else. Suffice it to say that if games were potatoes, this would be a damned good potatoe.I'll see you on the battlefield!"
,Recommended,242860,29193768,Posted: 11 January,all,Mulle Meck,"Trench Warfare, Gas Shellings, Artillery strikes, Lots of death while stuck in a trench? SHOTGUNS? you want all that? you can have it in verdun now don't get me wrong battlefield one is a bit more fun than this game but if you like these kind of games you can buy it at a great price of 24.99 though I do remember the time Verdun use to be 20 dollars ah those were the days but in all seriousness this game is fun to play"
76561198001572388,Recommended,242860,25417139,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Moist Money,"Little 2017 edit; game is kind of dead, according to the statistics it has around 700+/- players worldwide. Most of those are either die hard veterans or dedicated fans that still did not quit, or cheaters as they are easy to bump in these kind of games. Add the obvious no killcam and wave style respawning and you may get more waiting/camping rather than shooting people and having fun.Honest review: This game has been around way before Battlefield came up with the WWI idea. In my humble opinion it executes the historical accuracy far better.Realism is this games forte, nothing arcade like in the ways of BF/CoD or black dudes/women running through the trenches (because they did not, no matter how loud you shout racism or patriarchy. Go learn some history). There are no F1 accelerating tanks or no-trench maps. This is actual WWI, as it was intended to be. You play as a forgotten soldier in the muddy and rainy trenches of France. A bullet can kill you, or fatally wound you. Gas attacks or barbed wire can be very troublesome either. There are also several modes to play and the biggest thing they have is the trench warfare style move forwards and backwards maps. It is true that the game requires a good rig to run smooth but if you have it and if you like realistic shooters on WWI, then I say it is good enough. You get the most bang for your buck. Have fun and see you in the ghastly trenches of war !"
,Recommended,242860,14670735,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Edwarudo,"First off this game is early access so it's not perfect. However for the most part is is a very good first-person shooter. If you are looking for a good WWI FPS, this is it. Though it is not simulater quality, it is still a very stimulating and enjoyable game.Second, this game hostess a higher quality of gamers. So for the most part you don't have 13 year old kids telling others to ""Get rekt"" or swear every chance they get. Every now and then there will be one or two of those people, wich is unavoidable. However there is a mute option but it is not like other games and may take some time to figure out. Though I'm sure if you ask in-game there will be people to help.Third, this game does include clans such as 'KK', 'BW' and '+', and elite players. '+Zab' is one you may hear a lot about.Finaly, at times it can be enjoyable, agrovating or however you want to put it. Overall it is one of the best WWI FPS games you can get."
,Recommended,242860,13177788,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MRuben,"it is a little bit frustrating in the start, you get killed a lot but after an hour you know how to run over the battlefield and defend properly. it is a one of a kind game. normally i dont take the time to write a review but for this game i ill take the time+good gameplay+Great graphics+great community+good developers-prone glitches-maybe more maps"
76561198047679159,Recommended,242860,12735132,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lyter,So this my old review This game is clearly not at a ready standard. As someone who likes to play Red Orchestra 2 this game was a disappointment it does have postives and I feel that it will become worth my money once they add more stuff but at its current state don't buy it. If you are looking for an intense realistic shooter do not get this get Red Orchestra 2.Developer response:M2H_Mike  [developer] Posted: 31 Oct @ 9:50pmLots has changed since your review. I would appreciate it if you'd check out the game again and let me know if we're going the right direction :)But I feel its not time to make another after playing a bit more. Even though I have not played an awful lot of time there is a clear improvement beofre I would given it a 3/10 but now i would say 6/10 I can happily say in the future this game will 8/10 for me game still feels a bit clunky but looks beautiful and does feel much better to play I will wait a couple more updates to play but it is starting to be worth cost. Keep up the good work.
,Recommended,242860,15820484,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Vaulticus,Best time in this game was when I was in my trench I had 3 bullets in my KAR after shooting at a Tommie next thing I see is his officer runs in with a webly he fires six shots and I panic hip fire miss while I missed my three I had no time to think so I charged him and clubbed him to death with my rifle just to have received a bayonet to the back.
76561198076256744,Recommended,242860,25682328,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MysteriousPrism,"Verdun is an extremely entertaining game, which balances skill-based and shoot-'em-up in a very nice way. The restrictions of the game being a relatively accurate WWI means that there is a bit of a learning curve from more popular FPS franchises where you might not have to deal with jamming weapons, slow reload times, swaying weapons, etc. These restrictions though come together to create a more skill intensive game, which I prefer. There's a decent amount of strategy, and as with any game, you'll find yourself dying a lot early on, but once you get the hang of it, the game is very rewarding. As of right now, matchmaking doesn't do a great job of balancing teams, but you can always try and fight that by getting some friends together and voicechatting. The ingame chat tends to be rather friendly, a lot of camaraderie and discussion, as well as being decent for strategizing. A solid game that will only get better over time."
,Recommended,242860,7799671,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Warrior,Pretty damn awesome! You dont want to miss out on this.
76561198079063171,Recommended,242860,15470982,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,rune,A very good WW1 simulator which utilizes trench warfare to almost perfection. Camping and tactical play play a major part in this game from a defensive perspective but when attacking you need to carefully plan your attacks and attack where the enemy is weak. Infiltrating an enemy trench and stealthily killing everyone there can never get boring with the added suspension of not knowing what is behind the next trench corner. The game rewards you working as a squad with the spawn mechanic where if the leader of the squad is deep behind enemy lines the squad players can spawn on him and help with the capturing of the trench. The game also has a one shot kill mechanic for rifles where the best marksman will be the one to get the kill to add further suspense. The developers have also added massive amount of historical accuracy in the gun designs ;  the outfits of the soldiers also look amazing.Well worth the buy for its price and the game has still got more to come from it when the official release comes.
,Recommended,242860,15582671,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Matuzz,Fun game that really gives you the athmosphere of the Great War. A large aresenal of authentic weapons and a squad system that rewrds team work. If I had to mention few things that would need improvements they would be the performance of the game and variety of game modes that are now limited to two (Frontlines and Deatmatch).
,Recommended,242860,12847678,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Muffdog,It's good.
,Recommended,242860,15874529,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,77th | Lt.Col | Lord John,Good Stuff =D
,Recommended,242860,32219470,Posted: 6 June,all,JG4_Karaya,Verdun takes the tactical FPS action of games like Red Orchestra and Insurgency and mixes it with wave-based assaults to throw people into an authentic experience of what it could have been like to fight in the meatgrinder that was WWI. The developers have gone to great lengths to not only offer a large number of historically relevant weapons found on the western front but also a great variety in squads and outfits of the various participating nations. On top of the main focus of PvP multiplayer the game also offers coop as well as your standard free for all and team deathmatch modes. In conclusion the game offers a wealth of content at a more than fair price!
76561198066306144,Recommended,242860,12796996,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,"Creator, the Tyler","This game has changed alot, i hope it will improve greatly.Now all we need is vehicles and vehicle oriented maps, and we got ourselfs a WW1 Sim!"
,Recommended,242860,13865209,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Colonel Vyse/Kenji,"A rarely seen WW1 shooter emerges from the unknown. <- That was pretty much my mind when i saw the game first.Since i am a great fan of World War 1 shooter, i said to myself, it's worth a checkout.And it was really worth it. Even though my computer is pretty bad at the moment, i can handle this game without losing pleasure at the game itself.The graphic are not high quality but then again remember: My computer is pretty bad and it's still early acces. I would stay neutral at this point because i'm not in the position to judge over the graphic with a computer like this.The feeling of sitting in a trench...just waiting for the enemy to run into your gun is amazingly caught! Before i forget there are Squads (4 people working together...reminds me of L4D but don't mind that, it was basicly it in WW1). Imagine you are in the defense move of your newly captured trench line. 4 Squads are holding the position. But if one Squad is whiped out during the defense...you are at risk of getting flanked, so you have to look up your map more often to avoid that risk, to reinforce weakend sites of your trench.The WW1 feeling is once more amazingly caught by the gameplay itself. If you get shot, it's over pretty much 90% of the time. You need to be careful if you advance to the enemy trench, if the enemy sees you and you are not fast enough, it's over. Even if you can't see the enemy... there could still be someone targeting you, a world war 1 feeling greatly captured. And if there's a short time of silence in the battlefield... be aware! Somebody could be aiming at your head.All in all to not make this too long, Verdun is a great WW1 shooter. WW1 shooter are seen rarely and if there is one game like this, it does not capture the trench warfare, gas warfare and the psychotic warfare as nearly as Verdun!PROS- Great feeling when playing the game (doesn't matter whether it's the Entente cordiale or the ""Axis""- Greatly capture of the units sended into the war back in the time.- Sounds are quite noticble- Great capture of the trench warfare and the combined gas warfare- historicly correct battlefields, weapons and looks of the units- nice rank up system- World War 1 shooter- Balanced gameplay (Outcome depends on the players)Neutral- Graphic which i can't judge aboutCONS- pretty empty servers- can be frustrating (if your hard work, to get to the enemy trench line is destroyed by one shot but then again... WW1)- Ranking up can be pretty hard if you have a skilled enemy teamI hope i could help you people out there a little bit with the decision to buy Verdun or not.Greetings"
76561198040652331,Recommended,242860,14556057,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Starbuck,A fantastic game.
,Recommended,242860,12916206,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Zhorast,"well this is my 1st time playing WW1 setting like this, and so far so awsome with the realistic WW1 setting+ nice setting old war map (actually i dunno how bigger that map)+ 1 squad have 4 job and little different weapon and skill that we need each other to kill enemy+ you can died by wire, so careful *lol"
76561198008682829,Recommended,242860,28347815,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,=420th=Atillius,"A wonderfull game.  WW1 a lesser used genre for gaming.   This captures the reality of the war better than any other.  Realistic weapons, equipment and raw, brutal head long game play.  It captures the monotiny of WW1 trench warfare.  Constant Gas attacks, arty barrage and certain death awaits the player."
76561198067071974,Recommended,242860,13913604,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,X-BigDukeSix,"300 some hours into this ...Amazing fun. Steep learning curve but this game rewards tenacity. Very supportive community. Devs are very good as well. They answer all questions and its very refreshing to see developers who actually play their game and interact wiht players in the match itself . Stick with it, learn the classes, learn the maps, the game is a blast."
76561198175022057,Recommended,242860,15365688,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Leo,Buy.
,Recommended,242860,15617646,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Schroedster,"Went over the top, rushed the enemy trench, jumped in the trench, killed 6 people, went to bayonet someone and the match ended.19/16 would miss a bayonet kill again"
,Recommended,242860,19477030,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,*IC* Smiledozer,"A one of a kind Historical FPS. The game takes its title from the most infamous battle of World War I and its prodominate feature is its historically accurate weapons, uniforms, and battlefields. Players will work in 4 man specialized squads on either the Entente or Central powers' side. Gameplay involves defending your trench and attacking theirs within an alotted time. This is more fun than it sounds at first, as your whole team will need to work together and communicate to capture the enemy line. Obsticles include enemy gas and mortars, machine gun fire, rifle fire, grenades, barbed wire, sandbags, trench works, shellholes, old vehicles, dead horses, and more.This is definately a game for those who are history buffs, FPS fanatics, or looking to die a whole lot. Not for the easily frusterated. Weapons (especially rifles) will present a slight learning curve because of the bullet drop and physics of WWI-era weapons. The news and game updates are constant and the team is highly dedicated. Devs often play matches and converse with the players.Pros:- Fun and Addicting Gameplay- Historically accurate weapons, uniforms, and maps- Devoted Developers- Great Community (League/Tournament + Plenty of Clans)- Multiple Servers which are usually populated decentlyCons:- Bugs and glitches here and there (Devs will fix major ones asap)- Slight learning curve for new players- You'll die a lot. But it's WWI.9/10"
76561198042998141,Recommended,242860,8173984,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,RC1207_Sev,"FInally, a WWI shooter...It looks great, feels similar to Red Orchestra 2 in some respects, while staking out new territory for historical shooters. While they're working out the bugs in the beta, that shouldn't stop you from buying the game now! Only multiplayer for now. There are French, English, Canadian, & German squads... with more on the way.This is quite an accomplishment for the small group of devs involved.The squad based combat means there are defined roles such as officer, rifleman, support gunner, sniper, scout, and fragman in each squad.Lots of fun!"
,Recommended,242860,11277977,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Swen,"I quite fancy this game. Haven't played it all that much but with the 3 or so hours i've put in thus far i'm liking it. Many of the maps look fantastic (Playing on highest settings), except the Flanders map which looks like a giant turd. The gameplay is nice, quite like Red Orchestra 2 but with less automatic weapons and more trenches. There is unit variety and each role has a unique feature.Overall, if you have a decent PC and have enjoyed other historical shooters (like Red Orchestra) then you are sure to enjoy this one. Also, it's only in BETA stages, so it can presumably only get better from here."
76561197985598509,Recommended,242860,15602359,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DAMP,"(My first review)I cannot remember when i bought this game, some time ago. Alot has changed and this game has become quite interresting. Although it is not finished yet.I have to admit, in the beginning i did not really liked it(early access/alpha/beta/bugs/cluckyness etc), but something has changed....it has become a really good game.Some people compare it to RO/RO2, i think thats true.I recommend because:If you are interrested in World war 1.If you like similar games such a RO. (somewhat realistic, it is not extremely realistic though)If you like to level-up and progress.If you (like me) like trech warfare game modes of attack and defend and vica versa.I do not recommend because:If you like quick run and gun FPS games.If you like extreme up to date graphics (personaly i care alot more about gameplay)If you don't like to die alot and quickly in a FPS game.If you don't care about history(WW1), and is only interrested in modern stuff.I can recommend this game.Gameplay:9Graphics:7 (i have to admit, sometimes a little bit weak, floating trees bushes etc. however the game is made by 3 people, so i have read. Accualy that is amazing)Sound:8Originality:9Support of Dev's:10 (active witch patches and active on steam to awnser questions)"
76561197963337562,Recommended,242860,11971868,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Ramp,"A FPS about WWI that isn't awful?  This is the first FPS set during this time frame that will make you feel as though you were there.  I bought this game months ago, and I've seen it make great leaps and strides in becoming a very good game.  Fans of Red Orchestra 1 and 2 will enjoy this game.  Remember, its still in development, but for a small development team, this game is great.  Well worth the money."
76561198109618430,Recommended,242860,24293971,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sniper-150,"Fantastic game. It truly gives the feel of a real world war 1 combat experience. The weapons are balenced and time accurate, all of the soldier models and faction uniforms look great. The only things I would add to make it better is more players per game, more maps like the somme, vimy ridge, and passchendaele, maybe more customisation for personal soldiers to use in game, use of stationary weapons (machine guns & artillery), and maybe a bit more rain. Overall great game for the gamer who likes realistic world war 1 combat over fast paced and full of automatics."
,Recommended,242860,15346199,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,bee,"It's the game I've always wanted, a WWI FPS that truly demonstrates how goddamn terrifying trench warfare can be. Some of the many little things I love are my gun getting jammed right as a german marched up to me, a trench shovel as a melee weapon, the panic of putting on your gas mask as the enemy comes swarming in all while artillery is going off around you, getting lost in the trenches, and seeing an entire line of men mowed down by a Louis gun.WAR IS HELL, and this game gets it"
,Recommended,242860,15697711,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Sev3nBelow,"Very fun and challenging game. Shows of WW1 and its brutality. Why has no one tried games like this before ?Attacking, defending and holding trenches - which btw is very hard unless your team works together.If you like tactical shooters that punish poor decisions this is for you. Your team is divided into4 man squads of slightly varied equipment. TEAMWORK is VITAL.Putting AAA games to shame with 4 FREE DLC 's under development.Smaller aussie community but there is always a couple of matches going with good connection.I really wish this game had a larger aussie community but have had no issues thus far.To all those who served in WW1 Lest we forget."
76561198018684159,Recommended,242860,16352876,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Zjorghammer,"Verdun is a tactical WW1 FPS with an emphasis on teamwork revolving around 4 man squads. The gameplay and visual style of the game is similiar to Red Orchestra 2\Rising Storm, although there are several unique elements involving trench based combat and some unorthodox class loadouts (get used to using handguns and revolvers, which are quite handy in some circumstances). Getting your head around these unique elements might take a few hours and you'll probably die a lot, much like the real inexperienced soldiers of WW1, but after gaining a bit of experience Verdun is a very exciting and rewarding gaming experience.Highly Recommended unless you suck at games"
,Recommended,242860,15766879,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,🅳oug 🅳imma🅳ome,"Verdun: The World War I (First-Person-Shooter) Game of the DECADE.Verdun is pretty much the best FPS game of the Decade, considering it is hilarious, and it is very well organized.Ok, so Verdun: Why the best game WWI FPS Game? The game has some bugs, glitches, and hyperboles, but otherwise, it is  great! I do recommend this because of the great graphics, semi-great physics, and the continued updates."
76561197970674243,Recommended,242860,15663865,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Kermudgeon,"I followed this game through most of its development over the last year.  I was originally drawn to it for the subject matter, and despite its, at times, quirky aspects, such as somewhat crude character models and cartoonish animations, I found myself sticking with it.  The gameplay always drew me back, and I found myself devoting more and more of my limited gaming time to this intriguing game.Slowly, over more than a hundred builds(!), the developers changed one thing, then another and another, in a steady march to completion.  It hasn't always been a straight line to the finish - sometimes two steps forward, one step back - but these guys perservered, and succeeded, in ways both surprising and impressive.What started out as a clever, quaint little Indie game, fun in its own right, has blossomed into something much different.  The talented minds behind this effort could have stopped trying to improve things long ago, and still have it be considered a success.  Instead, through relentless hard work and obvious devotion, they have produced what, to me, is the best looking, most immersive, fun (and intense)  multiplayer FPS I've ever had the pleasure to play.  From the choice of a graphics engine to attention to gameplay elements, they've managed to do what virtually everybody said couldn't be done - create a compelling FPS based on the First World War.  Graphically, this is hands down the most gorgeous game I've ever played, of any genre.  Fantastic artwork, gentlemen!  You've put the big-budget boys to shame!There may still be some elements that are less than perfect, but it has been a real pleasure to follow the development of the game through beta to release, and I suspect that development will continue.  If you like multiplayer FPS games, you owe it to yourself to try this absolutely stunning effort.  I highly recommend it (as if that was in doubt)!Thanks to the devs for bringing this game to life.  Thank you, thank you.  I only wish I had the time and the stamina to play it more!"
,Recommended,242860,17905286,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,↑ | McToffel,Nice graphics. Well done. Fun to play and very realistic. Almost feels like your are siting in the trench and poping enemys heads off. GREAT GAME! A MUST BUY!!! 10/10
76561198272045576,Recommended,242860,33722923,Posted: 22 July,all,Samthenationalist,A fun and great game easy to run for any device as in computers. Runs fine on my laptop and can be played for hours due to the fact of the amount of factions and weapons avalibe for each faction endless possibilities with different modes.
,Recommended,242860,18348651,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mazetism,"It is a breathe of fresh air in the sea of Modern Shooters to see a shooter from the World Wars. However, this isn't World War II but the Great War of 1914-18.See the harsh and violent war right at your finger tips. This game gives a glipse into the hell of Trench Warfare as you play the soldiers of the Central Power Germany against the Entante forces of Great Britian, Canada and France. (Soon the United States)Verdun uses a squad base system with each squad having it's own unique weapons and classes to fill with seperate abilities to use to help claim victory.There are three game modes to choose from but only the main Trench Games are where you're going to find people playing with 16 on 16 battles. 32 players slugging it out in the trenches. (I wish for maybe 32 on 32 but not a real complaint)The enemy charging your trench is the least of your worries as gas attacks, recon planes, mortars and bombardments can rain down on you at anytime. Once you repeal the enemy charge, it's now your turn to charge in the Counter-Attack. Beware though, you can lose your head to a sniper and machine gun fire.I am glad to see a game that covers over the Great War as it's often looked over for World War II. The game is a blast but it does have it's own share of problems in my opinion.The boundaries can often get annoying as you are executed for sticking your pinky toe in the red for too long or when an attack fails, you have so many seconds to retreat back to your trench before you are executed for desertion, so it doesn't allow you to stick around to slow down the enemy's counter attack.Games are often one sided with the game asking people to switch sides. It's counter to this is putting a penalty on the outnumbering side to prolong their respawn. From what I see is there is no voting system in place to allow you to vote someone out of your squad. For example, my friends and I often play in the same squad but on occasion, one of us suffer a disconnection from the server. A new player will join the game and take our friend's spot. You can ask him to leave the squad but you often told ""No."" You can't vote him out of the squad now and your friend is out of luck again.What I'd like for the developers to add in and I know this is primarily done over the Western Front but I'd like something to show the Eastern and Southern Fronts of the war.The snowy mountain battles in the Carpathians between the Germans and Austrians against the Russians.The German Push against the Russians in Poland and Lithuania.The Urban Battles in Serbia and Poland.The Gallipoli landings of the Entante against the Ottomans.So much more.The game is a solid enjoyment for History lovers and shooter fans. I highly recommend it."
76561198041325743,Recommended,242860,28367505,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,movie fan,"This game is truly a one of a kind game, as a history buff and a movie buff, I can say the accuracy of the game is very close (sure there are some minor flaws including how some players proceed in the game, but they are being worked on) This is not your ""shoot em up"" fast pace COD or BF game, this game requires skills in patients and to have a solid strategy. If you like making friends and don’t mind moments of intensity (when you’re forced to rush the battlefield) and having motor blasts and gas attacks every 5-15 minutes this is definitely the game for you!"
,Recommended,242860,27024504,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RapidFire4Life,A fresh take on the FPS Genre that places fighting and objective on a head to head setting that forces you to play the objective.  A great improvement over the free roaming spray and pray of most modern FPS games.
76561197966553678,Recommended,242860,10337509,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,☠Professor_Doom,good old fashioned warfare
76561197985599207,Not Recommended,242860,17667828,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Canisgendered Translabradog,"Did a positive review two years ago, I've changed my mind.After having bought this game five times (once for myself and four times for my friends), played on several tournament matches, and generally mastered the game since acquiring it in 2015, I am deeply unsatisfied with the new updates and the state this game is currently in.The nerfing of rifles from one-shot to two-shot kills at a distance are needlessly irritating and bring down the level of realism to Battlefield 1-standards of gameplay. But more annoying is the almost-permanent curse of clunky gameplay, stuttering, and lag. Got bad internet? Then I've bad news, your ping will spike up to 300, enemies will teleport over to whatever foxhole you're hiding in and kill you, you may shoot someone right in the face but you'll miss anyway. I'll go as far as to say that these updates have needlessly broken the game while avoiding the very real problem of absent fluidity. Whatever new benefits brought about by them are cosmetic at best.On my part, it's almost as if I'd turned back to square one. Verdun has become infinitely more frustrating than enjoyable for me to play, and so I will no longer recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,14331838,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Eric,"Best of the few WW1 games I have played. Everything seems historically accurate and its a really fun game. I highly recommend it, it is worth the buy!"
,Recommended,242860,11464208,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Maximum Sloth,"A lot of people on the forums are asking if this is ""like Red Orchestra"", so I'll address that here:It's a bit different. It's more about attack/defend. If you decide to camp in the trenches when you're supposed to be assaulting, you essentially screw your squad and your entire team over. When you start the game you can choose a squad of 4 players, from a long list, to join and then you fulfill a role in that squad. There's a grenadier, marksman, rifleman, assaulter (3 round fixed magazine with a long bayonet affixed to the rifle), commander (can call in mortar strikes and tell the squad where to go and what to do, when you're around your commander you receive a boost), etc. (there are a few more classes that I forgot about). As it stands, I'd say it's a little less realistic than Red Orchestra since there's no blood/gore and the explosions need an overhaul. There is also the possibility of them adding mustard gas in the future. Once they add those then I'd say it's on par or even better.Gameplay wise it's more squad based, and there's a lot more emphasis on teamwork and moving forward. You will not be rewarded if you sit back and watch your teammates die. Don't be that guy sitting in the trenches while everyone else is trying to seize the enemy front.  Hopefully they integrate an anti-cheat system soon, since there are occassional no-life, pencil armed, basement dwelling, losers that ruin the experience.Game can also do with a little optimization, since there is occassional lagg here and there on Ultra, and some strange texturing/shadows. The death animations (at least for my computer) look a little strange (e.g. like they're ragdolling in slow motion...sort of like Mount&Blade). Hasn't detracted from my experience at all though. I'm also hoping they add some bullet physics, since you don't need to compensate at all.The rifles are primarily bolt action and you're required to hold down the reload (R) button to fully reload the fixed magazine.  In my opinion, this adds to the realism, since it takes more than a split second to reload fully.  I'm hoping there's a little more recoil added to the rifles, since in my experience you can stay on target no problem, when in reality you'd need to reacquire the target and adjust your aim.The grenades are great.  As mentioned, they need a bit of a graphical upgrade, but hot damn are they fun to use.  Just toss a few of them into the enemy trenches where you know a group of namby pamby's are hiding and then revel in how incredibly useful you are to both your team and your squad.  There's now a huge gap in the enemy defenses and it's all thanks to you.Assaulting enemy trenches is more strategic than you'd think.  Running straight at them is, surprisingly, a very bad idea.  You'll be cut down EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.  Instead, you are required to find a gap in their defenses (hopefully you have a skilled grenadier with you) and push towards that position.  Take the Rambo's with you and let them go first if you want.  They'll clear the traps and smoke out the aforementioned namby pamby's.I'd say if you're a fan of history, Red Orchestra, and WWI then go for it."
76561198038973566,Recommended,242860,15781875,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,"Gordo, O Graúdo",Good game ... lacks animitation but still a good game !
,Recommended,242860,17661303,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,SeveNations,"UPDATED :Logged for almost 970 Hours now and still find this game really enjoyable, even finally joined a clan for my continous support for playing Verdun. This game IMHO would be destined to be somewhat Semi-realistic version of the upcoming BF1 AAA-title and most probably enjoy the similar success to their counterparts, the RO series. If you really like fast-paced, detailed and historically correct weapons and loadouts, you will definitely join the ranks in no time :)Pro's:1. Authentic weapons and loadouts, somewhat really detailed models and audio is still WiP.2. Main selling point of this game is still one of the game mode : Frontlines. Tug of War type of battle, different pace it offers from certain attacking/defending phase is really awesome IMO.3. New weapons have been rolled out! Horrors of War DLC has been a huge success and you should try the Wex (Flamethrowers) to roast some ""Baguettes"" ^^4. New Game mode: Squad Defence. Agains hundreds of AI hordes when defending your trench, how long will you survive? ;)4. Although it's been released for some time now, Devs have been working on new Spectator Mode, Audio updates, collaborating with Othais from C&R Arsenal, and probably tournaments as well!Con's:1. Lack of Guides and Tips for new players. So make sure you follow your NCO in the trenches and communicate with team all the time to increase survivability in No Man's Land!2. Updates sometimes makes the game buggy, but thankfully Devs are on point interacting with the community lately to smooth out the transitions in Unity Engine.Hope you can get  a clear idea what the game looks like now and I'll see you in the trenches ^^finally after 75+ hours or so playing this game, I can give this a thumbs up review. If you like WW1 or history of it in general, you should buy this game immediately :)Pros :1. Rifles, Uniforms, and some of the audio is really authentic2. Best game mode: Frontlines. Changing of pace between 'campy' in defence and suddenly enemy breach your trench and you shouting to ur mates, typing like crazy.. one of the best feeling playing this game or on attack when u try infiltrate the flanks and try to clear their trench.. Verdun you did good :)3, FREE DLC!!Cons:1. Some of the movement and MG placement are glitchy, but hey, look at F1 2015 in comparison :))2. The fact you are still reading this review. Go buy it, for god sake! :D"
76561198128131629,Recommended,242860,23107796,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rhynoslayer,"All I had was a shovel, I had thrown all of my granades, but I was stuck alone in the enemies' trench.While trying to find my comrades, I happened upon almost half a dozen enemies.Something in me sparked, I'm not sure what, but I charged, brutally smashing the first 2 men's heads.The others turned to see me bash another one of their comrades' faces.They shot, most likely before aiming, and they missed me by a margin.I could only see black and white while I screamed something only a savage could.I stuck my spade into the last few enemies.When I had finally awoke from my barbaric instincts, I sat there, speechless, wondering what I had just done.All I could hear was one of the men screaming, and another gurgling as he choked on his own blood.I was still paralyzed when I came to the realization of what I had just done, ""Wha-...AHHHHHH!"" I screamed aloud, fearing the monster that I had released.War is hell my friends, war is hell..."
76561197980526965,Recommended,242860,15592270,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,KoreanVolks[SKSF],"Pretty fun game, on its early stages has been rough around the edges and almost unplayable but now that the developers fully finished the game the game is very good. I would recommend this game to those who likes fast paced first person shooters with a bit of historical realism."
,Recommended,242860,14440382,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ya_soldat,"probably the most legit ww1 simulator yet, the  game focuses on squad tactics and infantry warfare, so expect screams in agony, close range horrific stabbings and most of all that godamn creeping barrage is certified PTSD expierence,grpahics 9/10gamplay 10/10 its fluid as ♥♥♥♥.and some glitches on this and that but hey its beta mayne. this game is a must."
,Recommended,242860,7818892,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Spooky Hud,I love this game this is a multiplayer game that is set in the trenches of world war 1 but it isnt just sitting around and waiting for somting to happen it is fighting off endless amount of endless enemies or storming enemy trenches. I highly recomment this game to all players. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,15931587,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,gun jesus,i will probably die at a young age because of exposure to chemical gas which will most likely have long term effects on my lungs.i may also kill myself because PTSD wasnt considered a real thing at the time and therefore no real treatment could be given to me.ok10/10
,Recommended,242860,28539517,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,[Iм๏я†αℓ] Ragalthor,"Aim, shoot and die the next time you peek out. 10/10 I would peek again."
,Recommended,242860,14685319,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sorin,"Alright, this is how this game is:As someone who started out playing alone, and now plays in one of the ""competitive"" clans (it's a beta, there's only so much we can do, but vet players know who's who), I've had most of the experiences you can have in Verdun.  It starts out difficult, absolutely, and a lot of the bad reviews you see are there for two reasons:1) They only played a few maps, couldn't get over the learning curve in that amount of time, and quit2)They forgot it's EARLY ACCESS, yes, it has bugs, it says that in the pop up right when the game startsNow then, the learning curve can be extremely steep.  Expect to die, and expect to die often.  You will be killed on occasion the moment that you spawn due to spawning on the NCO into enemy fire or unlucky spawns into grenades/mortars/artillery fire/etc.This game is about playing smart.  Going rambo/gung-ho as you would in CoD/Halo/etc rarely works.  You want to move up, use plentiful covering fire, watching for movement, and don't fire from the same place too many times.  If you stick it out and learn to play, and especially if you can find a good group to play with (feel free to add me, I'm happy to help new folks), then this game can be extremely rewarding.Updates are fairly frequent, so the devs are hard at work.It also has the buff of being a rather accurate WW1 game, which we know is uncommon compared to WWII.  So, give it a try, expect to die, and learn the game.  The community is pretty solid for the most part, and we're happy to help new players and answer their questions.10/10 - Would recommend if you have the patience to handle a learning curve and occasional bugs."
76561198066774389,Recommended,242860,23675889,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Dragon Loli,"Verdun is a game of brutal charging and camping. As true to WW1.Pros:-Good graphics-Doesn't require a million dollar computer-Has a diverse system of weapons and attatchments-Is a open-field (new genre-ish) type of game----------------------------------------------------------Cons:-The camping can get very annoying-Sometimes it may be hard to find a server populated to your taste.-It's infantry only, meaning no tanks or planes other than some recon."
,Recommended,242860,14859653,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,scrappy-jr2,"Verdun is a huge breath of fresh air in the shortage of worthwhile WW1 games.  Verdun provides great map design, historically acurate and realistic weapons and mechanics (e.g. chemical warfare, trench warfare, and artillery) and intense long and short distance skirmishes.  Great buy."
,Recommended,242860,9217891,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,opasx,"this game plays well, from the sound of the guns to the pace of the battle, the only issue I have found, is being in AU, the game is all but unplayable with the current lack of servers in the local area. ""cloud based muliplayer server"" sounds great but a ping of 320-450 is not.If local or SEA servers were providing steady pings under 100, sure this would be a no brainer to recommend, at present though if you are in AU, avoid this until such an option becomes available.as a MP only game, it is very disappointing to not be able to run a local server or find a low ping server.while I am clicking on YES I recommend the game, I am doing so on the provision you dont live in Australia."
,Recommended,242860,8286038,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Alu,"Verdun takes us back 100 years ago, durning ""The Great War'"". Personally I'm glad to finally see this period of our beautiful history taken onto digital entertainment.At first you may think it's one of those Red Orchestra title, with unsteady recoil and other ""realistic"" implements, however the answer is no. Verdun aims to be in the middle between ""realistic"" let's say Red Orchestra style and bit casual Call of Duty 2( no bullet drop and etc)  and it does it very well. Therfore both groups of players should find Verdun suitable for them. Yes, we have seen it with RO 2 where the devs tried to make the game more ""easy"" to attrack casual players and we all know how that ended. Verdun is different.The key of the game are so called squads, now before you start playing you might want to read very well written guide about it, trust me it will save you being confused when you start playing the game. In other games for example Battlefield the squad thing is optional with Verdun it's a must do thing, you can't pass it. Squads in Verdun make gameplay both tactical and dynamic, if you already have some friends to work together the gameplay expierience will be really pleasant. If not then I'm sure after a while you'll find some friends that will play with you.One of the things that I really liked about the game is the ""Counter attack"" mode, where you take the objective and then have to hold it and vice versa if you lose it, just like in WWI, huh.The devs are constantly working to offer us more and better therfore the future of the game looks promising.If you are into ""WWII"" shooters definitely give it a go, no matter if you are into realistic or casual shooters. Verdun offers fun and ""epic"" gameplay for both."
,Recommended,242860,25580373,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,bimmy,good and authentic game.
76561198148502900,Recommended,242860,15606406,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,=Klutch= The Klutcher,"Juggling realistic and arcade elements very well. Beware though, when you become good at the game, people will start calling you a cheater/hacker."
76561198004585550,Recommended,242860,7903265,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,"Excellent, highly recommendedReasons for excellency and highly recommended?I am a long time fps and rts player. I have played Halo - Halo Reach , and CoD 1,2, MW 1-3, and BF3. I havent played a first person shooter for a while, but I have been missing the old school fun of an old world shooter.The game that comes to mind when I play verdun is Call of Duty 2. It was a break through game for the xbox360. I also downloaded these simultaneously, needing my WorldWar fix.With only 3 devs, there is a surpisingly high amount of productivity. Any question on the game let me know."
,Recommended,242860,14865828,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,[ULD]Bravo Charlie,"I love playing Verdun.  It's frenetic, in your face, brutal, compelling, sounds amazing and genuinely makes me feel like my♥♥♥♥♥is on the line..  I'm a long time Battlefield 1942 / Vietnam player with the occasional Modern Warfare mod from years ago.. years of early Counter Strike AWP'ing around..  I played Battlefield 4 multiplayer very briefly and went back to Battlefield P4F - Call of Duty Advanced Warfare got all of 45 minutes before I said 'what is this cr*p' and went back to finding something interesting which is where I came across Chivalry Medieval Warfare and thoroughly enjoyed the 'oh.. he's going to hurt me' gritty close range fighting but always felt it a bit cliched, with Verdun it's got the intensity of Chivalry without the moment to look each other over.. if you stare into someones eyes in Verdun one of you is going to die and that happens a lot.The maps?  Glorious.. some are wide and expansive rolling fields of carnage, some are watery graves of face crawling, all with layer upon layer of attack and riposte.My only frustration is people seem to not acknowledge the game for what it is - a rolling to and fro of attack and defence - this means as the attack phase timer ticks down, 5 or 10 team mates will be laying prone, meters from the enemy trench seemingly frozen in space and time..  if the timer ticks out and you haven't got the trench, you loose your attack wave (and eventually the game)..  the historical trauma of WWI was the obscene body count due to hurling massive numbers against each other ..  as this is a WWI game, sitting on your♥♥♥♥♥meters from the objective does nothing except frustrate your team mates and amuse your enemy.  Get with the program - Take the trenches (and die trying).It might be a worthwhile feature to have a 'ground covered / advanced' counter so everyone could see who was covering the most forward ground and potentially, that NCO's could execute those who refuse to attack.  You want to hide in a trench and not go forward when the whistle blows?  Bullet for you buddy."
76561198072309188,Recommended,242860,10112892,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Bioniclepete,"A nice game that's currently doing a good job in its beta stage. This is my first game to try out bolt-action weapons from WWI, and I will say that they are quite ""Noob-friendly"" and easy to adapt to. The new models on the Central and Entente powers look great! The only issue I have with this game is the optimization. My PC can run Red Orchestra 2 on Ultra at 60 fps but this game runs at 20 fps on high for me. It's not that much of an issue since I can get 35 fps on medium graphics and barely notice a difference, but I suggest that the devs keep working on improving the optimization with each update. Another addition that i think would be nice would be bayonet/trench club charges to give another option while traversing no man's land."
76561198050343305,Recommended,242860,10003099,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,The Boat,"This is a rare sight in FPS gaming. Never have I seen a fun and historically accurate WW1 game if any WW1 game at all. With so many moderm FPS games they get a bit drab this addition spices up the FPS market! Only playing a few minutes of the game I can tell it is good. If the steam workshop if implemented it would only improve the game further. I would love to see this game one day become a AAA title. When defending the trenches against the french this brings back fond memories of my US history teacher calling frenchies ""frogs"". In all this is a great game for $16.99."
76561198009197485,Recommended,242860,34370779,Posted: 20 August,all,Storm Trooper,This game is what battlefield one should have been. More realism and TRENCHES!
,Recommended,242860,30018882,Posted: 18 February,all,TheWolf,This game is scary af can five you PTSDYou are in trench during a gas attack arms and legs fall everywhere then you hear Germans talking outside the trench and suddenly guys with trench clubs come and kill you10/10 would have a PTSD attack again
,Not Recommended,242860,22440463,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Frosty,"Seems like lately their patches have broken the game more than fixed it. Heavy FPS drops, join bugs that require you to try rejoin or exit out the game completely to get it to work, bad hitboxes, invisible objects at a distance. It's a mess. The melee system is also atrocious, that uses a sort of auto aim system which simply turns into who ever clicks first or the fastest wins. There are melee specific classes and the best method of actually using that weapon is if you lay prone around a corner and wait to hit someone in the cankles to kill them.Also there's no friendly fire on. Meaning there's no need to be careful to rain massive amounts of artillery on your own squad to shield them from the enemy, or care for where you spam grenade and machine gun fire."
,Recommended,242860,16467857,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Satsujinki,"1914: Huh? What's this about? Eh....I'll join this.1915: Ok....this atmosphere is getting weird....1916: WTF?!? WHAT DID I JOIN THIS???1917: I must survive. I must survive. I must survive. I must survive. I must survive.1918: I recieved my shellshock and the war is finish....this time, I'll be going home. I'm going to tell my story to my kids...2015: Lest we forget...."
,Recommended,242860,15883201,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Garak,"I ran over the top and got shot, I hid behind a rock and got shot, 10/10 would get shot again"
,Recommended,242860,21087624,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ottozone,"-=June 18th, 1916=-It was a day like any other day: Frenchmen waving baguettes in the air while shouting ""Viva La France!"" and throwing their berets in the air, Britons sitting around a fire with their teapots steaming and their monocles getting fogged up while one sits off to the side opening canned crumpet with his teeth, and Canadians playing a game of hockey on the frozen Flemish soil while chugging maple syrup. Truly, there was not a more normal day here on the western front. I crouch in my dugout with my buddy Hanz; we have a picture of glorious Kaiser Wilhelm captioned, ""Gott Mit Uns!"" hanging on the wall. I stroke his majestic waxed moustache for good luck. The whistle blows. Stuffing the picture in my jacket, I leap over the top with Hanz following right behind me.There is a boom. I am showered in a torrent of blood as Hanz is blown apart by a mortar round directly to the sternum. Lying on the ground with most of his ribs and vital organs nowhere to be seen, Hanz shouts, ""Nice mortar!"". In the distance, I hear a Brit shout back, ""Thanks mate!"". RIP Hanz. Nevertheless, I charge on right at the baguette twirling Poilu, who, glass of wine in one hand, white flag in the other, cry ""Mon Dieu!"" as I jump into the trench and begin skewering them for Der Kaiser. All surrender. None survive. The incest-ridden Tommies are coming now. One shouts, ""Oii! It be 6'bong ya git! That's tea time, you damn hun!"" and he fires his Lee Enfield at me. Not being of superior German quality like my Ruhr made Gewehr, the bullet invariably bounces off my Pickelhaulbe and kills the Canadian's goaly. I then take a shot and blow all of the crooked teeth out of the Brit's mouth. The Canadians are mad that their goaly's dead though, so they run at me hockey sticks drawn, shouting, ""Eh! You hoser! You ruined our game, eh!"" Sadly, most, drunk on maple syrup, trip on the slippery ice and crack their skulls. Those that make it to me begin to beat me with their hockey sticks. I feel numb. Then, all is white. All is quite. Der Kaiser reaches his hand out to  me and I take it. I have no fear for Der Kaiser is with me now. Der Kaiser sees all. Der Kaiser hears all. Der Kaiser is all. Heil Der Kaiser!-=November 11th, 1918=-NEWS FROM THE FRONT:Germany's forces prevail as the French all surrender and the British swim back home to watch soccer, using their teeth to carve boats out of trees. The Canadians summarily abandoned their posts and beat each other to death after a controversial hockey game. German boots beat on the streets of Paris! Heil Der Kaiser!"
76561198025124051,Recommended,242860,11468020,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Volunteer,"Verdun, though not yet fully released, is a WW1 fps which offers satisfying and challenging gameplay individually and as a squad member. Tactics reflect Western Front reality - frontal assaults - so some may find that limiting. The devs are doing a good job of refining an already solid game.If you like RO2, there are similarities which would merit your taking a look at Verdun.THE GAME HAS BEEN RELEASED A LONG TIME NOW. The graphics and performance has greatly improved making it much more satisfying to play. There are now some highly experienced and competernt players who know every inch of the maps. Consequently, this game can only be described as ""hardcore"" , newcomers especially will have to invest a good amount of time and effort to become familiar with the game.Squadplay is rewarding and frustrating in equal measures at times. Deathmatch is satsisfying especially when there is a fair balance between rambos and campers to mix things up!Verdun is the best WW1 fps available; you will die a helluva lot before you become the scalp-taker everyone falls to!  :)Highly recommended especially if you like investing time to develop the skills required by the game!"
,Recommended,242860,33303435,Posted: 6 July,all,Onde mande,Walks around in craters and trenches shooting at props that looks like people then get killed by artillery.So quite accurate.
,Recommended,242860,33242302,Posted: 4 July,all,[VRP] bEEFY,"Overall a super fun game!-A lot of WWI games that are out there dont pay attention to one of the biggest aspects of the great war, the trench warfare. This game almost plays it perfectly. The trench features and design in the game a spectacular. Great game."
,Recommended,242860,11014981,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Panzerjager,"I personally like Verdun. It has a nice mix of realism and arcade type gameplay. The best part is, it can only get better from here    as the game gets closer to release."
,Recommended,242860,12883478,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ṈꝺȒꞇȲĸƚḑ{TLB},"This is the best fps game I have ever played. The graphics may not be perfect, but the gameplay is amazing. I love the WW1 trench warfare gameplay. Verdun is the only WW1 fps game I have ever seen. The attention to detail that was put into the game is incredible. The historical accuracy is great; the maps and guns awesome. I love using the old rifles. And now they added gas. The gas added a whole new aspect to the game. The squad gameplay in the frontlines mode is great and keeps the game organized. One thing that I think that they should add is the ability to create a squad for a specific map. One thing they could also do is have all the rifles unlocked in rifle deathmatch, I'm sure that would get a lot more people to play it. I would recomend this game to anyone who has enough money to buy it!~BASED GOD"
,Recommended,242860,8457155,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FreshFriendz,"Eventhough it's an early access beta and I'd not recommend buying an unfinished game, Verdun is a great World War I  multiplayer experience!If you dislike AAA titles with lame multiplayers, this is the game for you!Really satisfying pure shooter with two modes (death match and ""king of the hill""-like)!"
76561198059716121,Recommended,242860,8507094,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,jamie,"Verdun (beta) is set in the middle of WW1 on the frontline of the western front. It offers both realism and casual gameplay and is fun for all. It tries offer trench warfare and does to some success. I think that's why the game has a unique taste and why I enjoy it, I haven't seen any other game offer this different perspective before. My only problem with the game at the minute are the servers. I recieve lots of lag and jumpyness from other players and slow reaction time. Hopefully when the game is fully released there will be more servers and more local ones too.8/10"
76561198084313969,Recommended,242860,8745871,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Chavizard,"Before we get into the details, I want to say that this game is still in beta, with more content and bug fixes promised to be coming. With that said, Verdun is still a very fun and addicting game. The weapons are accurate for the time, so if you do not like bolt action rifles, this may not be the game for you. The gamemode frontline is unique in the way that you alternate from being on the offense and defense, and this simulates WW1 very well. Overall, this game is a great addition to anyone's game library, and it has the potential to get even better, so get it now before the price increases."
76561198011474387,Recommended,242860,9345554,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,The Jackal,"It’s like Call of Duty, First world was style.Forget your super tech, multi this and that weapons, with night vision and suppressors.Just like actual men did one hundred years ago back in 1914, grab your tin hat, your bolt action rifleand your bayonet and get ready to go over the top. See if you got the guts to survive the trenches of the First World War!Great game to play, but the First World War will kick your♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,242860,12441642,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,~{1E}~ Emperor,This is the most addicting game I have ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,15605166,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Don't Trigger Me,"Do you like the idea of Call of Duty, but hate the execution?  Do you like to mindlessly kill hordes of people, but think that all the other games that provide that experience suck?  Well Verdun is for you!  I have had this game for about 5 months now, and while it is not a game you put hundreds of hours into in that span of time, it is a great game to play casually in some down time.  I have only recently actually played it with friends, as the game was on sale and they finally bought it, and it is an even better experience!  The game is so addictive and immersive that you begin using callouts and other advanced strategies, no matter whether you wanted to or were conscious of the action or not.  Highly addictive, great fun alone, and an unimaginably awesome time with friends.  Solid 10/10, and there aren't even that many maps or guns, and it doesn't matter at all.  There could be 1 gun and 3 maps, and this game would still be 10/10.  Gameplay is amazing, and there are so many awesome moments that at times this game puts Battlefield to shame.  Must buy, especially on sale.  Would rather buy 4 more copies of this game for no reason than ever buy another Call of Duty in my life, because this game is so worth it."
,Recommended,242860,16573048,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Boner Breath,"Pros: WWI Red Orchestra.Map design is incredible and historically accurate.Cons: The german pickelhaubes have those stupid rain covers on them so they don't look badass, they just look like canvas♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥waltzing down the trenches.7/10"
,Recommended,242860,15617321,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Solomon Gumball,"This game is really fun. If you're decent with a bolt action rifle and want an immersive WW1 FPS complete with artillery, mustard gas, revolver mounted bayonets, trench clubs, a class system complete with level up and great scenery if you like rubble, mud, burnt shattered trees under a beautiful sky and men with mustaches. You will love this game.There's nothing like correctly sneaking into the enemy trenchline and murdering them one by one while convincing your teammates to sneak in and help take the line. Or getting caught out the open when a retreat order is called and scrambling back to your own trench. To defend, or defending a key point, only to lose all your vision to mustard gas and putting on a gas mask and getting claustrophobic and paranoid because your vision is limited and anyone can come out or into the gas cloud to kill you."
,Recommended,242860,14001942,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Khan,"I like it. Nice WW1 online FPS is hard to come by. And when I got it I didn't expect it to be as good as it is. They update the game pretty often, and that usually brings very good changes/bugfixes/additions that generally make the game more enjoyabe. Soooooo, do I recommend this game? Yes. Yes I do. Just try it and see if it is the right game for you."
76561198055652291,Recommended,242860,10234072,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,UK_Widowmaker,Seriously... Many would say a Multiplayer 1st person Shooter wouldn't be fun in a WW1 environment. WRONG. This game is great fun..intense..and Rifle only. Good graphics..good maps..and a steady patch release to keep everything up to date.
76561197988464662,Recommended,242860,9161191,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,PATHMAYKR 1.9,VERDERN has a lot of potential to become a great fps. When the Graphics are jacked up the gameplay becomes very immersive and especially intense when a cqb territory is being contested. Needs more gore. Great for co-operative play.
,Recommended,242860,9507782,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,[VuVú} Byzantine Bomb,"A fresh take on the FPS, Verdun takes you into the trenches of World War I where players will experience the brutality and frustrations of trench warfare in squad elements. Bolt action rifles and machine guns dominate the battlefield, while mortar rounds and recon planes whistle and whine above. It's the only WWI game I know and the game is constantly updated. If you want a different kind of FPS to play, try Verdun!"
,Recommended,242860,9171636,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,namedanger,"Put yer iPad Lytes down and listen up, kids. This game is in Early Access (at the time of writing) and has already managed to impress me by doing WW1 FPS well. I ran into very few bugs. It handles well and is fun IF you're prepared to communicate and work as a team. The graphics are good, but once again the game is not finished and not an AAA movie-budget game. Besides, the graphics should not put you off Verdun at all. The price might put you off, but it's worth it even at this stage.In short, it's good. If you're a Red Orchestra 2 fan, then chances are you'll like this."
76561198095759397,Recommended,242860,23077080,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bertus,"In the early stages a lot of bugs occured. There are still a few bugs but dont occure to often. If you like trenchwarefare, buy this game. Its worth the money now."
76561198060652013,Recommended,242860,33387986,Posted: 8 July,all,Ripley,"So,This game is really nice. Realistic and great. So, a lot of people criticize because it's too realistic, i mean, if you want to shoot an Enemy 10x and drive a Tank then play BF1.Like i said, it's realistic. The game has/had a lot of potential if the Community would work together like in Mound and Blade, to have ""Events"" and so on. Imagine talking on Teamspeak 3 or Discort the tactics and so on.PROS:- Really realistic (Bulletdrop, 1shot1kill, when you carry a HMG you walk slow, when you wear a Gasmask you vision is bad...)- Nice Community (Noone is beeing ""mean"" in Chat)- Lot of weapons ( LMG, HMG, Sniper, Pistols, Rifle, Gas ...)- Diffrend ""Nations"" (Englishman, Scots, Belgians, Germans, Americans, Canadians) Wihout a DLC- Nice game mechanic- Lot of playersCONS:- Saddly, that you can't own a Private Server- More Realistic stuff (You should call a Mortar Strike trough a Radio)- Map Engine (You need to watch out where you run)What should they add?:- It would be nice if the Map would expend a little bit. Yeah i know it's Verdun but still it would be nice if they would add the Isonzo Front.- Make more battlefield or diffrend ""map"" in this Battlefields. A map with maybe ""small buildings(Farms).- More stuff to do (For exp; Digging a hole or place some barricade) but hey thant's not the point.- More players on the Map(Yeah i know it's hard)- Add equipment (A Mortar or a Cannon would be nice)Anyway that's my point of view. So, it's a nice realistic game if you love that, then you'll like the Game. The game isn't for people who like CoD or Battlefield so if you want to drive something then play BF1, but if you want ""total war"" then buy it. It's worth."
,Recommended,242860,9096316,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Moominumm,"This is WW1 Shooter game which is exiting for me because I never see any WW1 Shooter games before and if you are patient then wait the updates for full game, this gun will be fun."
,Recommended,242860,15976784,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,UltraMagnus69r,Spawn in. Die.Spawn in. Die.Repeat. Repeat again. Repeat again.Go into trench. Go prone. Get kicked head. Die.Spawn again. Imediate headshot and die.Spawn again. Where is the enemy. EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!! HOW CAN THIS BEEEEEEEE!!!Spawn again. This is the stuff nightmares are made of. One shot and KIA.15/10
,Recommended,242860,16300811,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Mike,"It is day 16 of the attack, the Jerries are attacking taking immense losses but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s keep on coming, slowly forcing us back. But we know if we surrender we will be shot for cowardice....Then comes the gas. It rains down from above, as I scramble to put my gas mask on I see others around me are not as fast and slowly succumb to the horrific gas from above. After the gas the enemy starts to pour into our trench for one more push. I shoot 3 as they scramble in but 4 more take their place. I try to reload but it is no use, one turns to me and stabs me through the chest, and as I lay dying in the muddy trench that has been my hell of a home all I can think is this is a pointless way to die... This is Verdun 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,10478767,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,яaenboii™ ♥,"Pretty damn good. They did a graphix update and now the game looks amazing. There is still alot of work to do on the game but it is comepletely playable and is is loads of fun. Also it's great fun to play with a group of friends. There are two game mods, One being rifle deathmatch, a free for all with rifles. The next is a game mode where you fight on the front and have to charge either the Prussian's or the French's trench and capture it.10 Silences on the Front out of 10"
76561198080625222,Recommended,242860,10008472,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,RedAugust,The game is still getting updates to completion. Thus far I could say I am realy enjoying the way its going.
,Recommended,242860,15026861,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,No Name Ideas,"It is nice. friendly community, semifrequent updates, fun gameplay. 9/10"
76561198019219227,Recommended,242860,15616246,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"WOW! What can I say!The atmosphere and reality of WW I is absolutely incredible. If you have watched the WWI scenes in Downtown Abbey and other WWI series/movies, you really understand what these ""kids"" yes they were young, went thru.It was so cool to see a large map showing the War and the battles where real players in squads are deployed.Although, i am not sure just what else it does other than showing what squads are deployed and where.There is also a ""unlock"" system where the more XP you earn playing the more different weapons and uniforms you get.Really makes you feel part of the larger effort and meaningful.When you first start playing you really feel like a conscript...a new green soldier, as you have not yet gotten used to the game and its environs.Moreover, you are afraid to get out of the trench... you are afraid to lift your head up, you are afraid to move.And just like in real life as you get more accustomed and experienced your situational awareness gets better and you actually begin to peer out from the trench, move, attack out of the trench etc.And also get your first kill.This game is not like other FPS games, you will think and learn about WWI trench warefare and as you do you will get better.Barbed wire does what it was supposed to, i.e. tangle up poor guys so you can shoot them...but it can be your friend also keep ing the enemy from bayonetting you or getting to close to you.Exploding shells and chemical attacks are a threat and the game tells you what color the gas is, thus indicating what it is.So put that gas mask on!Just as human nature will be, you sometimes cannot resist and run that extra few feet to another crater for cover, or pop your head up for a look one too many times or for too long....and bang you get hit.Human instinct and learning does take over and you learn and feel that just right moment to duck.It is quite amazing and realistic to say the least."
,Not Recommended,242860,28356876,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Azalot,"Big thumbs up for me.But I gave a thumbs down mainly for my fellow aussies who might plan on picking this up.Player base is tiny for us now and isnt worth the price of admission anymore.Plus half of the maps are fantastic fun and the other half are some of the worst times i've had gaming (I'm looking at you Fort Douaumont)If you were disappointed buy the lack of realism in BF1 pick it up in a sale. Better yet have a look at ps4's player base, might be better because of the controller aiming being crappy leading to more brutal close combat"
,Not Recommended,242860,22254878,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,f a s h w a v e #MRGA,"Trigger warning: may contain observations and opinions that hurt feels.Updated almost two and a half months later after playing again recently.Also the comments section is not there to waste my time discussing every little detail. This review is there for potential customers who have never played Verdun. Enjoy being ignored if you feel like flamebaiting or trolling.TLDR: 6,5/10. Good, but not great. Very atmospheric game with lots of undeveloped potential that has issues. So a red thumb because Steam forces me to be black and white like that.I feel strongly about this game and I really used to like it, so that is why I write this as a warning for potential buyers and as constructive criticism toward the developers. The positive reviews show many people ""want"" this only WW1 MP FPS available today to be good and so do I, but I am at a point where the bad outweighs the good. This game has tons of atmosphere and potential but it is being dragged down by some of its flaws. You can read several reviews citing poor optimisation, no spawn protection getting you in a loop of being spawnkilled over and over again, clunky controls etc. that are also correct. But these are my personal five reasons that mar my enjoyment of this game to the point of not being able to really recommend it anymore in descending order of annoyance.- glitchy weirdness, exploiting or worse in PvP: in a significant portion of sessions I have played, for instance an invincible guy around level five with two hours on the counter or with a similar profile joins and starts killing people who are hiding wherever they are on the map, not a single shot missed at high rates of fire. They end up with K:D scores like 55:0 against people level 80 and above. This game also lacks vote kick options so you are left with people who use exploits or such cheats for as many matches as they wish to stay. One option that does not explain everything my regular squad of four has seen is that these people are using low graphical quality settings and terrain clipping exploits. One example of the other mysteries that remain unsolved to this day is how players who are perfectly hiding at the bottom of a trench with no enemies around get shot from far away through ground and sandbags.Update: friend with 275 hours showed me footage of aimbotting (immobile player making stab kills in the distance) post-summer sale...- nonsensical spawns: I am not even talking about the lack of spawn protection, rather there are circumstances where you have to defend a trench and the game decides to spawn you about a 100 m away from it and you have to run through a stretch of no man's land that has no cover whatsoever to attack the trench you are supposed to defend. That is not what defence or holding your ground means. Yes, that also means GG because the opponents can mow you down with impunity.- classes and weapons: some are clearly meant to be under- or overpowered. The German side has very few portable MGs that take too awkwardly long to set up and to be effective except for heavily prepared and dug in defence scenarios, and all of their rifles have only five rounds (Entente usually eight to ten). While this is historically correct, it is very annoying to see there is no balance when confronted with Entente soldiers that can fire basically all MGs like the Lewis, Chauchat and BAR while running, they have an OP semi automatic rifle and do not need to reload as much. Reloading can be deadly because it is an awkward procedure that is harder to interrupt than in other FPS I have played.Some classes are not even assigned a firarm which I feel is a poor choice. A source of minor annoyance is that you cannot pick up dropped weapons or restock on ammunition (but you typically do not live long enough to run out of it).- silly suicides: instead of invisible walls some games have added a warning system with or without a timer to return back to the zone the game wants you to be in. In Verdun not getting back to the zone in time instantly kills you and the game says it is a suicide that costs you XP. I have noticed these timers often are too short to get back to the map. I have also charged at the beginning of matches into the right part of no man's land only to discover I am getting suicided.- bots in coop: they teleport. One moment they are thirty meters in front of you, the next they respawn next to you in the trench and stab you. Obviously at this point the coop mode is relatively new, in general has very rough edges and needs work.Update over two months later: flying, teleporting, invisible bots and invisible weapons galore. This mode still needs work unfortunately.Positive bit:- We can hope these things will change because the game is still actively being supported and expanded.But for now if you ask me with the things I have mentioned: thumbs down for the current state of the game which tends to annoy or frustrate just a tad too often."
,Not Recommended,242860,15670412,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cardassia Did Nothing Wrong,"This game is not finished. If it is, then the developers simply do not know how to make a game. Major issues for me:Spawn-killing. This is majorly ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating. On several maps you can be killed a second after spawn by a player with an MG or Sniper Rifle. This is extremely frustrating, especially when your entire team spawns back at the same time and then all get killed a second later by an MG.The game has massive problems with lag. I've not played a game without someone jumping around all laggy. It happens too often with too normal ping observed for it to be the players problem.The hitboxes seem kind of wonky, coupled with the lag make it frustrating when you clearly hit someone only to have them lag-teleport elsewhere. Even without the lag I find shots that clearly hit not even registing a hit.The character class system is annoying and damages the WW1 asthetic. There are 16 players per side. There are 16 classes per side, for a totaly of 32. All are different. Most lack basic things like grenades or a bayonet. Only one person can play a class at a time, so you can't have most people playing a grenadier - likely you would just have 2-3 per team. It's needlessly complicated, especially when each squad has a different uniform representing a different nation so you have to learn 8 different infantry uniforms and 8 different officer uniforms.There are problems with the terrain. I don't know what causes it, it's certainly not my computer, but the terrain will only partially loads in. It's not a draw distance thing, because terrain behind it loads in perfectly. But I see a dude's head pop-over a hill, shoot it, only to find I get nothing by the bullet-hits-ground effect. Sure enough, I take a few steps forward and the hill in between use loads a foot higher than it was, and that's what was seperating us.See through terrain, related to the previous point. You can't shoot through it.Barbwire is handled poorly. One small contact with your leg starts killing you. I've been killed without realizing I'm caught  on any because it was so small that I didn't even see it. Also, jumping over it is a waste. Apparently stepping on with thick army boots won't stop it from tearing your flesh? It could've been handled better is my point.Game feel. There is next to none. No sloshy mud, no soldiers cussing as they reload, no screaming deathrattles, no weather, no nothing. It feels like an empty, quite world devoid of anything that makes me feel like I'm part of it.There are other issues, but I can't recall them right now. I'll update if I remember anything new.I feel like the developers are lying when they said this game was out of beta and finish. I feel ripped off because the game is clearly not finished or polished. I feel you would be better off saving your money."
,Recommended,242860,16321396,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DisarmingBaton5,1. Try not to die2. Die anyway
,Recommended,242860,14566421,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,General Black,Ever wanted to crank back the bolt as you watch you shot satisfingly connect with its target?Ever wanted to order you team mates over the top as mg fire rattles around you?Ever wanted to sit back as you call in morter fire in on those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ campers?Then Verdun could possible maybe be right for you!Singlehandly assault and hold the enemy trench!Singlehandly hold of the Germans as they attempt a counter attack!Singlehandly forgot that you called in morter fire while saying how much you saved the day by!Singlehandly commit suicide by standing in your own morter fire!Singlehandly lose the game for your team and endure the hate of your squad members!10/10 Would call morter fire danger close again
76561198028317383,Not Recommended,242860,19494573,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tree Baron,"I get about 40-50 fps, but it is NOT STABLE. Very dissapointing, my framerate keeps jumping from 15-50 and it makes it hard to play. Other than that the game is good, could have really used a single player I think."
76561197990258872,Recommended,242860,8916068,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Maddino,"Many good ideas, but needs much more work on it.However, the dev team is working seriously, releasing important updates quite often.Price should be a bit lower, but if you find it with a good price, get it"
,Recommended,242860,15601362,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Earl of Trollbridge,Very nice game. The graphics are so much better now. The control is gretaly improved!
76561198068347371,Recommended,242860,15743322,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,TrolleyCB,"This game is by far one of the most imersive FPS shooters out there.  Put on a pair of headphones, and within five minutes, you will feel yourself actually ducking from bullets and artillery.  The gameplay works well, albeit it may take a while to get used to the specifics.  The only complaint I have so far is I didn't quite grasp how to actually get an MG playing as the Gunner class when I first started.  You have to select it and spend a point whilst in a match to unlock it.  Some may consider it a waste of a point, but considering most classes, with their upgrades are simply to a different rifle, there isnt much else to spend it on.  Add in that you get quite a good ammount at the start and each time you level up, you'll have the wepons to match your style in no time.Can't wait for the future updates!Currently, 9/10."
76561198067720359,Recommended,242860,19941517,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ser Jethro Tully,"Verdun is not like other World War Shooters, because Verdun is actually like a World War. In this case, WWI. That means instead of running around with a silly knife performing ridiculous acrobatic feats and stabbing enemies to death, or wading into battle with an improbably configured, heavily accessorized gun, you'll be crawling across a shattered, shell-pocked wasteland for minutes on end without seeing the enemy, only to get blown up by a lucky mortar shell or find yourself spotted and taken out by a machine gunner. Because that's how WWI was. You'll use the actual weapons fighting men were issued, and their lethality will be accurate— one good hit from a rifle round and you're done. Because that's how WWI was. You'll force a bloody foothold and eventually sweep an enemy trench clean, only to have to defend it from counterattack moments later to hold the few meters you've taken. Because that's how WWI was.For a relatively little-known shooter, Verdun is impressive— the take-and-hold dynamic of its gameplay is unique and challenging, rewarding lots of different skills and battlefield roles from combat to command. The environments are well designed and evocative, there's period-accurate gear, squads, and dialog. Gameplay is fun and fluid. Teamwork garners great rewards; a single good officer can effectively win a game if the enemy team doesn't have coordination to match and he's got a cooperative squad under him.In terms of cons: the squad level up dynamic can be a bit inaccessible and those who figure it out tend to have a strong advantage, but it doesn't tip the game too badly. Team coordination sadly lacks, possibly weighed down by the somewhat dated automated dialog system of pressing a series of numbers to autotype important phrases; teamwork might be easier if there were a better way to mark up the map, but any HUD elements or ""radar"" components would also hurt the organic feel of the game, so it's a bit of being stuck between a rock and a hard place from a dev's perspective, I reckon. I find that the trenches don't end up being used as heavily as one might think; I wonder if this has to do with the way the game is designed or the limitations of scale that online gameplay imposes. The only true complaint I have about Verdun is that I want it to be so much more; if you've ever read Sniping in France you know the crucial roles that intelligence gathering, sapping, and trench raids played in the war, and you also find yourself wishing you could try out the trench mortars and artillery pieces scattered around the map. The scale of the war is also sometimes missing, the charges through the creeping barrage, the whistles blowing men over the top. The developer has bult a wonderful foundation which has the potential to become a market-changing game given the chance."
76561198025836777,Recommended,242860,21848096,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Armor9D,"This game perfectly captures the various aspects of World War I in a manner that is both realistic and fun.  The graphics, while not the best, are quite good for an indie game, and while the UI might not look impressive, it does its job well.  All the different classes and weapons are very well balanced against one another, and the maps offer as much variety in scenery and gameplay as is possible given its setting.  It's gameplay mechanics recreate the back and forth of trench warfare in a manner that doesn't feel forced, and gameplay offers a stark contrast in engagements, either sniping across no-man's-land, where machine guns and rifles dominate, or the savage close quarters trench combat in which pistols and grenades excel.  The only real problem the game suffers from is optimization issues, with lower framerates and higher ping that is to be expected.  However, the developers have done quite a bit to fix this issue, reducing its severity and scope to the point of a minor, occasional annoyance.  In my opinion, this is probably the best shooter obtainable for $20 on Steam, and is well worth its asking price.  I wholeheartedly recommend this game, but feel free to look at more recent gameplay videos to assess its character, and make sure to read the Official Steam Guide to ensure that you understand some of its less-explained mechanics."
76561198057447353,Recommended,242860,13549685,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,the lancer,"At first, its very punishing for new players. Really easy to die if you are not experienced in this kind of games. But when you get the hang of it, the game is amazing. Really good graphs, sounds and maps in general. Although it lacks some stuff, its really worth your money and when it comes in the full version it will be epic. By the way, they really need to fix hat thing when bullets fly through the enemy and nothing happens, i shot a guy 6 times with my gun and he headshot me right after. Really frustrating but at least this happens rearly. (maybe its a hack)"
,Recommended,242860,17310451,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Matt609pbone,"I bought this game, didn't play it for a few days. Then I got this obsession with World War 1. Then I got this obsession with Verdun, and after playing some more all I have to say is I plan on playing it a lot more in the future. it is truly and excellent game and I recommend it to anyone who loves the thrill of close quarters trench combat and the killing field that is no mans land. You will die. A lot. It's World War 1, what do you expect. Entire squads will get mowed down by machine guns and machine gunners will get killed by snipers. Artillery shells will kill you and the men around you. If you are careless you will get stuck in barbwire and either get shot or die from the barbwire. All in all I recommend this game wholeheartedly to anyone with an interest in World War 1.Note: The devs are amazing as well, they have already announced their intention to release a huge amount of free DLC in the future including new forces to play as (such as the Americans) and new maps along with new gameplay elements and graphic improvements/optimizations."
,Recommended,242860,8830030,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,[OSQ] Inverted Bob,"At the beginning I'm going to say that Verdun does a really great job with the guns: Each model looks great, they feel right and they move right. The maps are fine, well detailed, but I'd love to see more of them.The first and the most important problem, in my opinion, it's the sync, because it is poor, really poor, so it could really use some tweaking.All in all, Verdun is a game worth buying if you want to engage in historical battles."
76561198020471227,Recommended,242860,8927639,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,WolfEyes (Loki'd),"Unique, well-done, and a whole lot of fun to play. I'm so happy to see something different than archade shooters! Even though it's still being developed, it's not very buggy. Can definitely see myself playing a lot more of this."
,Recommended,242860,8573367,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ikintheviking,"I love the style of this game, it really sets the mood. Especially the loading screen music. Even though its in beta its a very promising game. I really like the christmas bonus game that was added in its really unique in this style of game, and really sets it out. Can't wait for the final game really fun to play :)"
76561198048417062,Recommended,242860,8175529,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tsar of Russia,"This is by far the best World War 1 first person shooter. It is very realistic, for example: with the rifle most shots are 1 shot kill, you can get caught in barbed wire, you get to attack and if you don't gain any ground you have to retreat and then the enemy counter-attacks and you have to defend. Overall a great game as long as the developers can get the glitches, freezes, and bugs under control."
,Recommended,242860,8493490,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Fox&Noodles,This is an awesome old school war game. If you loved the old COD or any historical type of war games then you'll love this. Be warned this is in beta and has a lot of bugs. Still worth every penny in my opinion.
76561198065450295,Recommended,242860,8593743,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Col_Mr_Wesley,"A good little pre-relese game Verdun has the qulity of a good 1st person shooter game, but it still has bugs and it sometimes loggs you out of the multiplayer lobby.7/10 *good game"
,Recommended,242860,9909469,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,RickyDicky662,"this game i got purely because it was world war one, and i thought hell why not give it a try!THIS GAME IS GREAT, hit detection for me is beautiful, ballistics beautiful and the class choices are balanced. the Frontlines gamemode is brilliant the back and forth is perfect. and it makes you kind of realize what odds the veterans went thru when chargeing enemy trenches! i would highly recomend this game, hell i would pay 30 bucks for the game is right now! and its only in ALPHA! great game! try it, you wont regret it!"
,Recommended,242860,7921410,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,killergreenleg,"I absolutley love this game, I play it anytime I can. there are a few bugs but then again the game is still in beta so im sure those will be worked out. i have a few suggestions such as more maps! but maps that are dedicated to a specific role, such as sniping, trench on trench, or all out war(combination of all roles). if you could also put in some more historically accurate maps such as vimmy ridge, or paschendale(both canadian) i would be the happiest soldier on the frontline there ever could be, i also noticed that some people were having trouble with screen-shots. and possibly a player to player chat or some kind of chat filter. Even though the general community is currently great to play with. When the game starts to get bigger and bigger, the chat is going to become more and more painful to read. Some more personal requests are character customization, and possibly a create your own class gamemode, where players chose the weapons and perks they use, but only in one gamemode, the rest of the game should remain the way it is.In conclusion, this is honestly the best game i have ever played, and im sure that it is just going to get better and better. A large thank you to the developeers and steam for greenlighting this gameP.S. please try to incorperate some of my ideas"
,Recommended,242860,8735769,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,DIRECT RULE FROM ZOG,"While it is in beta and the preformance is sluggish, i find my self having a fun time and will definatly be worth it by full release."
76561198148681430,Not Recommended,242860,30292541,Posted: 3 March,all,Lazy,"SO, Verdun the game.Well let me start off with mechanics.The game feels VERY clumsy to new players and that because it is, you can barely see the sight post on your first rifle and the guns take up more than half you screen when aiming down said sights.Melee is also pretty broken, when you stab or hit someone there is a split second lag before it registers that you hit them, so the animation for your bayonet or club going into their gut shows up, BUT they onew shot you anyway, and you didnt even get a hitmarker.Also, dont even TRY to use the melee system without using a bayonet as they are all two hit kills or more and like i said the melee system is extremely slow and buggy.Then we can move onto new player friendlyness, there are no hints to start with and you basically have to learn how to use Artillery Binocs on your own, which did take me a bit to figure out because i had to check the key binds.Another thing is that just like WW1 everything on the battle field is cluttered and strewn about, making it very easy for campers to just lay down in no mans land and snipe your team one by one if they peak above the trench.Graphics and player models look solid colored and saturated which gives the game an unfinished feeling and look which gives the game a sort of open beta feelingDuring my first few hours i was playing i was actually thinking that.""Wow this is all very buggy, hah look at the dying animation, he just glitches into the ground while his limbs wriggled around his body and crunched into the floor....i wonder when the next update is...?""But no despite numerous connectivity problems for EU and other country players besides US, a buggy melee system and bullet lag system weird unfinished looking graphics and player animations in first and third person THE GAME IS THE FINAL PRODUCT, THERE WILL BE NO UPDATES FIXING THESE PROBLEMS.One more thing is team balancing.Im sure you all remember the issue with TF2 team autobalance happeining when it wasnt neccesary, and then the mistake of Valve of removing auto balance all together causing some teams of 7 or 8 to go up against a full 16 player enemy team that refuses to even out the teams just so they could stomp the team with less players.Well that repeats itself here in verdun, and it happens ALL the time.Teams of 6 to 9 players will go up against a full enemy team making it a one sided slaughter.All in all the game had a lot of hype but was extremely dissapointing in a lot of ways.It can be quite fun but after all the problems listed here the game really just starts to be annoying.I even regularly get 16 or more kills per game but honestly you pulling your weight in this game doesnt ultimately contribute to a win, because your team got killed off by a German team full of level 80's to 100's that pushed you back 4 trenches before holding them in place.Veteran players simply take advantage of a less experienced team with almost half as many players as their team.Like i said though it can be fun but you want to avoid servers that arent atleast part way full.TLDR: The game feels unfinished, not forgiving to new players and very buggy with alot of connectivity issues for non US players (im a US player but my friends have alot of issues with it) and can only be sparingly fun if the teams are even and have the same amount of experienced players."
76561198026151406,Recommended,242860,14322123,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,DruBaru,Great Fps if you like the historical aspect. Great Start. Can't wait to see the full version. Give this game a chance and be patient and you'll nail your first headshot with iron sites and you'll feel like a boss.
76561198032839495,Recommended,242860,23666530,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[EC] | The Grammar Nazi,"This will be my first in depth review of a game so fasten your seatbelts.Verdun is one of the best games I have ever played (no joke) the WW1 authenticity matched with FPS mixes to create a fantastic batch of awesome. This game is a must buy for WW1 history buffs. Weapons are modelled to be historically accurate to the counterparts. One of the best parts of the game is the immersive trench gameplay, you could be in the muddy hills, rain creating muddy puddles and boddies stained with blood and gore around you. Or you could be in mountainous terrain charging up hill as fire rains from above you, these moments make the game. The game also features a blood and gore mod which just enriches the gameplay further. The game explores all aspects of WW1 from guns and gas to the terrain and conditions. If you are either a fan of, 1.) FPS which are semi-challenging or 2.) A WW1/2 fan, this game is for you! The gameplay is fluid and feels good and the satisfaction is so high when you kill someone! The suppression system makes you feel like you are really under fire, and the weapons have a great feel. However there is one thing that may deter players, that is the repeative deaths. Yes this game is in WW1 and WW1 featured many massacres across no mans land, so does this game. You will constantly die in this game and if that bugs you an astronomical amount, that may take away from the game, however if you can get past this frustration and I won't lie, it will make you want to end yourself, then this only enriches the satifation of eventually making it into the enemy trench and going bezerk on those Jerry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.So In Summary, if you are a fan of FPS's, have a few spare keyboards to either throw at your closest wall or break over your head or a huge WW1 history buff (like I am) do yourself a favour and BUY THIS GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,242860,29339730,Posted: 18 January,all,thi_jo,Trench warfare to its core! One shot kills and long respawn times wich make the game kinda boring. But if you have a good fight it's loads of fun! Btw this is WAY better with friends. Working together in squads is awesome!
,Recommended,242860,22003879,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Hive,"my grandpa went into ww1 we in trench and we almost die ♥♥♥♥ing germans and i shot them with weapon my grandpa says to me if i no go no man land he shot me so i ran and i took next trnech and he was like good job but sitll not enugh kill germany and i kill germany ok yes and i got a frapucino from mum and i draw her dog and he gave me biscuitIt's a great game overall, i recommend you buy it :D"
76561197963059437,Recommended,242860,15664178,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Tyrone.Biggums,"Excellent graphics and trench warfare gameplay. Highly recommend, improve community size by getting more players on!"
76561198187747487,Recommended,242860,16348541,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Pvt. Campbell [42ndPA],"Very good, very realistic, also hard, do not get if you don't care about realisim and prepare to be shot in the head every other second on your first or second game"
76561198046136542,Recommended,242860,16861069,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,26thAL.Darc,by far 1 of the best fps i have played. u attack and defend trenches. dont think its call of duty as in all u need to do is kill. ull need to hold or take trench by having more men then the other team or buy killing em all. it is ww1 so exspect to just get murdered from time to time but ull get lucky n murder them too lolpost free Horrors of war expansion: i dont have words for it. it is just crazy made it 10 times better gore n new squads added its so great plus the new weapons i rock with the 45.By far best thing about this game you buy once! no payed dlc n only 20 bucks U.S. so worth it even at full price
76561197981462653,Recommended,242860,15600562,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,OneBloodyHero,"This, as far as I know, is the only WW1 FPS on the market, and, coincidentally, also the best.  Verdun is analagous to RO to a degree.  It is relatively slow paced with a focus on team-play (objective capture) and historical authenticity.  As a WW1 FPS it is amazing, but as a FPS in general and in comparison to other high-quality shooters it is average.  If your itching to play a WW1 shooter, this game will satisfy that craving."
,Recommended,242860,16309181,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jakojo,It's not your typical FPS game. If I had to compare it to another game Red Orchestra 2 would come to mind. It is very unforgiving at first (I'm still a noob at it) but the creators posted an in-depth guide on how to play the game correctly. There are a few videos on YouTube and other sites that are helpful as well. They did their research and nailed it. The players I've encountered are very informative and helpful. All in all it's a solid game. I'm glad I purchased it.
,Recommended,242860,13586392,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[32nd] Jareth,"Gamers of all strokes will find a role to enjoy in Verdun. Strategic movement is rewarded, and teamwork emphasized with the in game spawning mechanics. There are times where you will hear the whistle, stand up to leave the trench, and immediately collapse from a rifle shot. It only makes the final push more satisfactory. You may especially enjoy the back and forth dynamic, as defending and assaulting are quite different experiences. Performance during the waves dictates attackers/defenders respawn times and wave duration, rewarding a team which is able to efficiently elliminate many enemies. I would label this a 'Tactical FPS' though it lacks the typically strong learning curve of such games."
76561198123229076,Recommended,242860,19455146,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,BlackCockDown,"I came, I went, I died"
76561198088744534,Recommended,242860,22340072,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SnipereliteNL,best ww1 shooter of all time
,Recommended,242860,15616130,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,BellyBDwarf,"First and foremost: You are going to die.There is no point in trying to deny that in this game. You will be shot at, blown to bits, stabbed, hacked at, cut down by wire, mauled by a blunt weapon or cut open with a trench spade. This game is brutal. You will feel some kind of shell shock when french 75ers rain down on you and your squad. You will grasp quickly for that ""4"" button when gas comes up. You will hate yourself for not reloading properly and having no round in the chamber in a pitched situation. This game is gloomy , dark and unforgiving. The maps are brilliantly orchestrated to only allow a few tactics that almost always end with hundreds of deaths by you and your teammates. I've seen pros complaining and yelling about the unfairness of the game. Men and women with hundreds of hours on their record. If you get hit by a bullet, you'll most likely die. One hit, one death. No mercy.So why do I do this?Because it's supposed to be like that! WW1 is everything but a nice place. This game gives you a glimpse into that dark, unforgiving time. Into the trenches and back out again.But is it fun?Oh yes! Tactics are limited, but must be performed in great accuracy. You can  outmaneuver the enemy if you play it right. You can be the hero of your squad or team by being the first in the enemy trench, spitting them with your Rosalie because you have no time to reload. You can stop a whole team with a well places MG 08/15 or some SMLEs in the right place. You can kill 5-7 people at once with a nice mortar hit. But in the end, it's your squad and your team that you have to rely on. They as a whole decide if they attack or if the are dead. This is no game for people to sit in their favorite spot. This is a game in which you have to attack. Or you'll die.Oh … and die you will."
,Recommended,242860,15663408,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Karasu,"To my surprise, this game is actually very entertaining to play. That is to say, after you get past the steep learning curve. It plays a little like Day of Defeat with hardcore mode turned on.The game is still in early access, so expect some funky glitches, namely server disconnection glitches, but there are a few gameplay bugs too. I am sure the development can and will work through these glitches, so if you're able to look past them for now, expect a great game."
,Recommended,242860,15625239,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Irishmandkg,"A little slow to start, but once you learn the game and get going it's a blast to play.  Be prepared to die a lot and still have fun."
76561198102235356,Recommended,242860,34553062,Posted: 28 August,all,brigadier steward,I am writting this about a year after purchase. I had good fun with it for 8 months or so then some update came through and recked my FPS. Now I get between 9 and 20 frames an mid range settings. I can get between 20 and 30 if i bottom out the resolution and graphics but it just does not seem the same. When it was running right it is really fun and well worth the price. Now it just makes me sick to play. A real shame too. It had a lot of charm and a great community of regular players on weekday mornings.My specs are Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6700T CPU @ 2.80GHz with 8.00 GB of Installed RAM and a 64-bit windows 10 operating system. NVIDIA GTX960 graphics card GPU 4GB.
,Recommended,242860,26427087,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kirjava,"This is a wonderful little shooter. It isn't polished to within an inch of its life, it's a bit janky here and there, and it can most definitely feel very unfair sometimes. What it does very successfully is create an atmosphere of verisimilitude that allows for what seems to me like a rare thing: a game that is simultaneously historically faithful and mechanically satisfying, with a main multiplayer mode that roots the action in a tangible objective, simulating the back-and-forth of trench warfare as best it can. Again, it's not perfect by a long shot, but compared with other, more generic shooters, this feels full of personality."
,Recommended,242860,9390777,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,narwhal,"In it's current state it's unpolished and clunky, but surprisingly responsive and playable. There is a good deal of response on the rifles and after your first few games you can see a lot of depth and potential to the game. This game has some potential for the future, but if you are turned off by non-AAA shooter titles you might not be interested in it just yet. User experience wise it can be confusing at the beginning, but it's very balanced and features skill-based rifle game play."
76561198042617549,Recommended,242860,14270979,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,PER MARE PER TERRAM,This game has came a long way from when it started and is becoming more realistic so you should get this game for its brillant atmosphere plus its one of the only ww1 FPS's out there
,Recommended,242860,13444416,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Radical Tuna,"9/11 would Christmas Truce again.All jokes aside I found this game very fun because I always wanted to get my hands on a WW1 game, and here it is.It is still early access, I have only found 1 bug in it so far. It is very playable at this point in time"
76561198073226960,Recommended,242860,8990273,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Alexander,Great fun!
76561198170317243,Recommended,242860,27224364,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FURY,.
,Recommended,242860,14788307,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,TheSpartan™,This game is really cool. It is one of very few games that truly captures the horrors of trench warfare. Also a huge added plus is this super legit clan named Kind Hearted Domination. You should check them out. They are super cool. 7499231/1 would kill the Eagle again.
,Not Recommended,242860,24211930,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Abstract_Ginger,"The main problem is that it still feels like an early access title, laggy connections, frequent bugs in both gameplay and menu UI and this is partenered with gameplay issues such as map boundaries limiting tactical options and constant spawn killing."
76561197972628227,Not Recommended,242860,10475383,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,DNYI,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!This game has a bug causes server disconnects for some players.  If you are one of the unfortunate players to be affected by this bug, you will be always be disconnected from any and all servers, game types, and maps in under 30 seconds of joining a match.  This bug, which renders the software from a game according to a reasonable interpation of a game into nothing more than semi-interactive menus with music, loading screens with music, and very brief glimpses of other people having fun.  The developers are aware of this issue and have gone from saying they are working on it to a position that because they are not getting as many people reporting the issue that it must be fixed on their end despite the fact that each game update they send out changes the average time to disconnect bug, and are now blaming the issue on end user firewall, router, and internet issues without providing requested information that would allow an end user to troubleshoot connection issues on their end.  Because of this known issue even though I like the idea of a world war 1 first person shooter, I cannot recommend buying this game.  This do not buy this game recommendation would have been removed if the issue had been fixed before exiting early access and if the developers had not repeatedly removed discussions on these issues.  For those of you who encounter this issue and are unable to play this game, I recommend you join me in asking for the issue to be fixed or refunds for the purchase price be given."
,Recommended,242860,16238510,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,Pretty cool WW1 game.
,Recommended,242860,11166322,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Novogrudek,I bludgeoned a Frenchman to death using a pair of binoculars 10/10
,Recommended,242860,25249396,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Juffe,The best WW1 Multiplayer FPS out there.
76561197965013783,Recommended,242860,9826087,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,-=FFF=- 8BALL,if you like red orchestra youll like thisa love for the era shows in all aspects of the gameplayranking sytem simple to play but great funand a lot mre reliable than bf4 but what isnt tbh
76561198006555519,Recommended,242860,15600779,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,The Automatix,"well what to say, as a huge fan of WW 1 this game goes pretty into the depth, it has many weapons and many specializations, only thing what might cause problems for newcomers is, that it will take some time to learn all in game mechanics, but when you do you will love it"
,Recommended,242860,15776837,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Poetic Pariah,"This is an AMAZING game.  Great for they who like the First World War, great for those who like RTS's, sometimes good for people who like futbol or soccer, but not so great for they who like a single player story.The game has been in early access for sometime and now it's completely released.  It's a very well designed game with a lot of historical aspects.  Gas warfare, machine guns, bayonets, soccer during December, and other First World War charms.  Avoid barbed wire, though.  That is straight up Satan's pubic hair."
,Recommended,242860,15786736,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Menin Gate,"This is an amazing game.Verdun is a squad based multiplayer first person shooter set in the first world war. It's name is the giveaway for the developers inspiration.The game is historically accurate and is very realistic. The premise is simple, attack and defend - but you will find yourself crawling through trenches with your gasmask on praying that the next artillery strike does not end your life before you can take the enemy trench or hold your own.There is an interesting array of skills and weaponary available to you via an unlocking process not dissimilar to BF3/4 - there is a ranking system also.If you like first person shooters and/or you have in interest in world war one - you must own this game. The developers continually update it, and for Austalians like me there is an AU server and it's active.enjoy!"
76561198035561313,Recommended,242860,11089839,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Knoxklay11,"*UPDATE*  the full release of this game is coming and i must say it has really come a long way. the graphics have improved exponentially as has the gameplay. It is the most immersive WWI experience in a game i have ever played. The weapons, the music, the ambiance, the landscape.. every detail is given perfect attention. The devs really hit one out of the park with this game. With so few WWI games out right now even with it being the 100th anniversary of the Great War, i can only hope that many more great titles will follow suit with this one. I couldnt think of a more exceptional game to lead the charge in revitalizing the Great War as a genre!Original review: as we enter the centenial anniversary of the great war, it only seems fair that we should expect alot of great ww1 themed games to start appearing. this is one of them. very engaging gameplay, authentic weaponry, coop squad modes, and its only going to get better from here. this game shows alot of promise and def deserves a try"
76561198061876556,Recommended,242860,9556568,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,|Sith|DesertFox,"After only 9 hours of playing Verdun I can safely say its an incredable game and its still only in early beta stages. The game is divided into two different modes FRONTLINE is squads of four guys attacking trenches and trying to take them from the enemy you have 5-6 minutes to attack then you must defend for around that amount of time. Each class plays a great role in this game the riflemen pushes into the trench trying to take it the sniper kills with range and in my experience are the most deadly players the commanders or whatever you call them are greta being able to order strikes on weak points and call in morter strikes to sometimes great effects as for the machine gunner I have never seen anyone use it to great effect so I can't say anything about it. The tactics for FRONTLINE revolve around using your whole squad in a combined attack but since their is no voice chat yet this rarely happens ^^. As of now there is only four maps Picardee Vossges arrgonne and I always forget the last one they are all fairly fun to play on although I must admit Picardie is the most fun ;). The next form of game mode is RIFLE DEATHMATCH no not the crappy COD kind really nice FFA bolt-action rifle greatness no killstreaks and crap just good old fashioned fun. You get to pick one rifle you want to unlock and you get that you level it up and get new things. Moving on to the community I FREAKING LOVE THE COMMUNITY ON THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Almost everyone in game and on the forums are incredably nice and helpful people offering new players tips and very rarely bad mouthing ( you notice I said rarely it does happen ;) ). I go on the forums vcet players ask me to play with them and they'd give me pointers really nice people online. Probably the funnest people on Verdun are the history buffs I love history and watching these people talk about French battle tactics ETC ETC ETC... is really fun and enjoyable. Moving on to Graphics how are they you ask? They are good I would tell you I myself don't care for graphics as long as the game is fun but I have to say the game is rather good looking the guns are well detailed and look amazing the facial textures and models are terrible but who cares when the gameplay is so fun. The graphics option menu has a bevy yes bevy of graphics optins which is very nice. Over all as a person who usually detests FPS games I find this game very enjoyable it has very few bugs that I have noticed there are a few graphics glitchs but these are rare, And what bugs there are a quickly being fixed by the amazing developers I have looked at posts of when this first came out in alpha and it was terrible but since then the three devs yes only three have worked hard adding new things and fixing bugs making this game very enjoyable. Overall I think this is the bet WW1 shooter your gonna find anywhere and I highly reccomend it to anyone even if you dislike FPS games like me I think you might enjoy this nice game. I hate giving scores but that what most people want but I won't because this is only a BETA everything I say might change in three days in a new patch so I won't bother to give it an overall score till it officially launchs but I still highly reccomend this game anyway I'm out have fun dying to snipers and the OP commander pistols PEACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!EDIT: Game released yesterday and its amazing. Haven't played it since August of 2014. The graphics, gameplay, and new features all add a lot to the game.Totally worth buying at full price. Only early access I have seen that is this loved by its devs."
76561198077325489,Recommended,242860,20834178,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,9thRC_Cpt_Randal,Its a bloody good game I tell ya mate
,Recommended,242860,15607150,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,t u r k e y,"Well-polished game that's definitely worth the $20. The weapons are lethal, which means that cover, tactical thinking, and teamwork are essential to succeeding. The gameplay feels very well-balanced, and the squad system is impressive compared to other FPS games. The maps are pretty diverse too, ranging from lush forests to apocalyptic landscapes. Don't forget to turn on some of the post-processing effects!"
,Recommended,242860,24051254,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[Creame] Señor Krabs,"Verdun is a wonderfully addictive game. The trench warfare is authentic, the environments feel real, and the experience is always enjoyable. No matter how well you do in a match, it is entertaining enough to run around in the trenches of World War One. I could easily say Verdun is one of my favorite games.Unfortunately, the game is far from perfect. The amount of glitches and inconveniences greatly diminishes the experience. Trying to join a friend's squad can sometimes send you to a seperate match. Trying to make your own squad can kick you out of the game. The leveling system is complicated and there is no explanation for it. It is hard to figure out and remember which squad does what without reading a few extensive guides. While charing across no-man's land you sometimes teleport around, ruining your advance. Some parts of the maps are angled awkwardly, causing clunky movement. The ""hold your breath"" system is pretty much the only way to aim well, but it hardly lasts long, is loud and annoying, and makes it harder to aim when you're done. The map rotation can send you on an endless loop of Champagne and Douaumont and never include certain maps like Flanders.There are so many other downsides that I didn't name here, and they all become very annoying when trying to play successfully. With more improvement, and I sure hope the devs get on it, this game could be even better than it already is."
,Recommended,242860,13729530,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,cheeseman,"Named myself Spanish Influenza, then proceeded to kill 17 million people.10/10 Would be Spainish Influenza again."
76561198050180681,Recommended,242860,13739138,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Saxon,"tl;dr: If you like FPS and WW1 you can't go wrong with this game. While lacking a bit of depth gameplay-wise it's still a solid shooter on it's own and the unique setting definitly makes this worth buying.As someone who played this games early, early pre-alpha, when it still was browser based I have to say it improved greatly.There has been A LOT of new content and even a few new game mechanics and to me this shows that the developers definitly have a vision for  this game. But now for the actual review:Gameplay:I won't lie the gameplay is more or less generic shooter, the gunplay definitly is. Sure bolt-action rifles are uncommon in FPS but by no means completely new. The Squad mechanic is a nice little feature, it actually makes you bond a bit with the people you play, IF you or them don't leave the squad after a few minutes, which is why I'm not sure whether or not the join-in-progress mechanic was a good idea. Verdun lacks the depth of a Red Orchestra concerning health and wounds and the movement system is a bit clunky compared to RO, this shows especially when you try to make your way through No-Mans-Land and get hit because you didn't crouch as fast as you wanted.Even though this does sound rather harsh I don't mean to discredit the game. If you have any experience with shooters you won't find this game to be very different, apart from the obvious fact that the weapons aren't full auto of course. It's real strength (for now) isn't the gameplay but the setting. Also I have faith that the Devs know about these 'issues' and will address them in the future.Setting and Environment:Like I said this is what makes this game unique: the World War 1 setting. The Equipment is highly detailed and fairly accurate, and so are the uniforms. The maps are ugly, muddy wastelands, full of craters, wire and tranches which really sells the setting. The maps are also rather diverse, ranging from true trench-riddled wastelands, where lurking over the top will get you killed in a few seconds, to rather open maps which feature a little less deadly razor-wire and a bit more nature.This game only features the western front, where most of the gruesome trench warfare took place. One can play as either different German squads as well as French, English and Canadians. The Voice-acting is rather good, with all sides featuring good, propably even native, and diverse voice actors. This may not seem like a big deal, but nothing helps me more to create immersion than an angry british NCO yelling to 'get my♥♥♥♥♥over the top and smoke out the bloody jerries'Graphic:While I don't care too much for good graphics, this game looks rather nice but is has really bad optimisation, be warned.I would also like to add that this games has one of the best main-menu screens I ever encountered, but you'll see what I mean by that."
,Recommended,242860,11961092,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Volt,"VerdunVerdun is a WWI fps that places you in trench warfare.  This game is unique in that it is one of the few WWI games offered and that it is trench warfare and not just an open map yo run around and shot everyone.  The game is designed on the Unity engine and looks decent.  The engine provides good physic effects which makes the experiences that much more enjoyable.Developement CycleThe graphics and gameplay have improved a lot over the last year.  The developers have released several patches since I made this video in June, 2014.  The game plays and looks better today than in my initial video review but still feels last gen.  Improvements have been made in areas like bullet trajectory/hit boxes which was a huge improvement needed in this game.The GoodThe game brings a unique gameplay/experience in a very competitive war FPS genre.  Playing a WWI game is very cool to experience as most World War games are based on WW2 or something  sci-fy. The Devs really hit the mark in providing a trench war experience. I really enjoy playing this game.The BadMy biggest dislike is a lack of maps/battle locations. But unfortunately, this is a realistic game based on the actual WWI battle of Verdun so more maps is most likely not going to happen.ConculsionIs it worth your time? If you like the idea of playing a WWI game in the trenches of Verdun then yes I do. I really like this game and recommend it for any fan of war themed first-person shooters.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=295084904http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=527110391My YouTube pageIf you like the video, please subscribe!  I am just starting out and am trying to build subscribers.  Thanks!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLIBDbmeuGv7azek0i4ieUthojYsjC3c4z"
76561198099872578,Recommended,242860,21975881,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Tyler,The game meet my expectations!
,Recommended,242860,21976362,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,LumpySJ,"Super fun game. Realistic, skillful, and addicting. One of the better FPS's out there."
,Recommended,242860,21037238,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,buhnanuh,there i was standing in the trench my commanding officer was walking around making sure we were all paying attention  as he gave a pre-battle speech but it was cut short by a artillary shell that landed nearby and slautered multiple of our men everyone was in shock but the officer ignored us and blew the whistle thats when the terror started right as i was going up the ladder i felt a sharp pain in my right arm i looked down and saw that a chunk of my arm was missing and then every thing went blackTHIS GAME IS AWESOME
76561198152778832,Recommended,242860,16786123,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,50P buzzy bargain,what the bloody hell you think you're doing?
,Recommended,242860,28516847,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Seanicus,Did Battlefield 1 not feel like a World War 1 game?If you answered yes then this is your game.
,Recommended,242860,11564637,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Caedmon,"Vendredi, octobre 1916.Je suis assis avec mes amis dans notre petite pirogue en attente de la première offensive dansDouaumont, je ne sais pas ce qui nous attend, (to english) but I expect it cannot be good.The men lose heart day after day, week after week, they tire of being thrown against the tidal wave of the Germans, falling left and right. I cannot help but sympathize with them, each day they tell us ""One more push"", ""One last assault"", and we'll push the Germans out of France and win...But I know deep down this is a lie, we've been fighting for 2 years now, with no end in sight. I do not understand this, all this senseless slaughter just for a bit of ground, one day we'll capture a trench only to have to evacuate it the next day.I will finish writing this later, the lieutenant has assembled the men.Signed, Bennett Chevell.""Dans les champs de Flandre, les copeaux soufflentEntre les croix, rangée sur rangée,Cela marque notre place; et dans le cielLes aloules, toujours courageuses, voientPeu d'entends au milieu des fusils ci-dessous.Nous sommes les morts. Il y a quelques joursNous avons vécu, ressenti l'aube, voyons la lumière du coucher du soleil,Aimaient et nous avons été aimés, et maintenant nous mentonsDans les champs de Flandre.Prenez notre querelle avec l'ennemi:À vous de manquer les mains, nous jetonsLa torche; soyez le vôtre pour le maintenir en sécurité.Si vous partagez la foi avec nous qui meurentNous ne devons pas dormir, même si les coquelicots poussentDans les champs de Flandre."""
,Recommended,242860,27157353,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wylie,"How WW1 shooters should look. No frills, no flying, just you and your rifle staring into no man's land. Lobby's and some other features need to be fixed, but it doesn't take away from how great it feels to play this game."
76561197995237346,Recommended,242860,15600648,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Totemo Bueno,"Not like most FPS games, you need to focus on positioning and teamwork in this game rather than running in and getting killed (which will happen a lot). That said, kills are very satisfying and the abilities/weapons each squadmember has make it pretty cool too.Grab this game if you want a realistic WW1 game, if you can't handle the idea that you'll probably die to gas, barbed wire, invisible snipers etc. then just keep being a cheeky scrub. If you want a challenging but rewarding FPS, get it!!"
,Recommended,242860,23805917,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Branch Boy,"Not really my cup of tea, because it's obvious you'll really need to play with friends in order to really get good at this game.Nice looking, pretty realistic.Overall, it's a fun game, but I don't have a lot of time to invest into it, nor do I have a team going in with me."
76561198197542363,Recommended,242860,22220354,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ryoko-chan,"Great game.I love the realistic shooting (one two shots on someone and ur dead.)The ranks are a rlly good feature.Great community.U can fight against bots in Squad Defense.U can fight each other in Free For All.U can have team deathmatches.And the best part of all is the realistic trench warfare I would 100% recommend this game, you won't be wasting ur money."
76561198005070660,Recommended,242860,12867281,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sanic,"I really recommend this game, here are the pro's and con'sPRO'S- Great maps- The Team work is needed (which is good to see in a game)- Awesome skins, guns, ect.- And so much more...CON'S- Hard to get into as a new player- Some weapons are overpowerd- A bit slow if a lot of players are in the gameBut apart from that it one of the best games i'm played"
76561197981453780,Recommended,242860,8948059,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,MR BASH,"This is technicaly a very good game with good solid combat with some great sound effects and eye candy visuals.The only current issue is to be the lllaaaggg on the sever(s), hopefully this will be addressed soon."
,Recommended,242860,8235058,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,*X-LR*Cabal,Excellent game.. really enjoyed the atmosphere and the maps.. aiming occasionally felt abit off but for the most part everything seems very detailed and exactly what they promised.. there is abit of time needed to kind of figure things out for yourself as the game is not very good at explaining things and preparing you but since it is an Early Access Game then that is to be expected and so not a negative at this point in time.. highly recommended!
76561197967233264,Recommended,242860,8655667,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,DGatsby,"If you've played games like Red Orchestra and Rising Storm and enjoyed them, then get Verdun!  Even if you haven't played those games, but like shooters, then still get Verdun!  The lack of real bullet physics is a little annoying, but the enviroments, squad mechanics, and (despite the physics) gunplay is a lot of fun.  For 16.99 this game is a steal."
76561197993219223,Recommended,242860,8772625,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,DrGodzilla,It's a fun shooter and does a good job representing the WWI style. Games can go on for quite some time depending on how skilled each side is. The only problem is when you get stuck in a role you hate as each squad can only have one of each soldier type. I only really play it in small doses but each time I have a lot of fun. Not the prettiest game as of yet but it's only in Beta however they are still working on it and it shows. Still some bugs and annoying times where you can't turn properly for no discernable reason but totally worth checking out.Also if you wan't I recall this game being free to play in the browser however the difference between that version and this are huge at this point.
76561198046327392,Recommended,242860,8891508,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,[Rommel 50_55] CHL,"When a game is Indie, some people think the game is not so good. When a game is at beta stage, some people think the game is not so good yet. Verdun is an Idie game at beta stage, and no matter what you think, the game is just great. Of course it has some glitches, and things to be improved, fixed or removed, but anyway, the game is just great. It like the only FPS game I've played about WWI (except for BF1918, but that was a mod). It is like some old shooters with bolt action rifles and one shot-one kill, but with an objective and squad based gameplay. As you can imagine, the main weapons are bolt action rifles, but there are also some other stuff like pistols, machine guns, grenades and mortar/artillery strikes. It makes you feel, when shooting with rifles, if you don't kill an enemy with this shot or if you miss, he is going to kill you. And it is usually that way. Sometimes it can be frustrating, when attacking an enemy trench and not being able to capture it, just like WWI, but it doesn't represent the horrors of trench warfare.There is only one thing I don't like: there are too few players for a such a great game."
,Recommended,242860,8955905,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Sloth,this game is beautiful. it brings all the realness of world war 1 and throws it at you in small individual updates that slowly bring the game to the glory it deserves. you should buy this game and convince your friends to buy this game that way you can have a squad full of your buddies ready to kick some♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242860,9031424,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Arny101,Its one of the best games I have played! Also it is the only first person shooter that I have found that actually highlights World War One battles. The level of depth in the development is amazing!
,Recommended,242860,8576972,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Nangja,"This is an excellent FPS. Not to mention, it is the only World War 1 FPS shooter I've seen. The gameplay is quite fun, the graphics are great. Some players complain about framewrate issues, however, I experience none at all. Amazing game, especially for the price of $16.99 (as of 1/5/2014). Definitely recomend and should buy."
,Recommended,242860,8950957,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Shejtan,"I buy a version 129,,,,what i wast of money,Great game but becasue od lagg it is not possible to play a game..I do not recomended nobody to make mistake like i do ,maybe furter version will be playble..i play version 126,127 and it was rining good,not extra but it was possible to play.This version sucks..I Cant belive that people make never version worst than previus,usualy shoud be better but liek i see it possible...To bad,i realy liked the game"
76561198030956258,Recommended,242860,9111982,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Giggles,"Despite being created by a team of 3, Verdun manages to pull off being a good game that instills the WW1 feeling on uncertainty whether or you will be shot if you pop your head up."
76561198060146771,Recommended,242860,8735775,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Madasylum,"Don't be fooled to thinking it's a bland FPS. Get this, it actually uses alot of tactical strategy,so there's balance and limitation. This isn't a bland a circle jerk FPS like most are,but a game of alternating objectives of capturing and defending in a single round. There's no running ahead before you hold you post for the objective amount of time,and attacking requires planning every foot step. Sprinting hole to hole trying not to get shot while giving supporting fire. There's also different squad types,and specified classes. All of the clases are fun to play,and they play an important purpose of their own."
76561198064705445,Recommended,242860,19995520,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The entire population of Sweden,Very good game. One of the best games I've played before. It really makes your heart skip a few beats when you get the order to go over the top. You never know when you'll die and if you die. When you run over you can feel that little stress which makes the game better than any other FPS game. Verdun has a unique type of gameplay which is realistic. One shot and you're dead which makes it harder. Great game! 10/10
,Recommended,242860,12531993,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,pjc001,"Absolutely love the game, even in its current Beta stage. I've had the game since its release, and it's always been fantastic, but it just keeps getting better and better. Any WW1 enthusiast should check out this game.Good job, M2H & Blackmill."
76561198098863891,Recommended,242860,13065318,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,[HMSP]Capt_Ian,verdun is about the best most exciting world war 1 based game  i have ever played! its most unique because nobody ever makes world war 1 games unless airplane games or valient hearts.
76561197971228152,Recommended,242860,15612369,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Blackhorse311,"Very fun and enjoyable game, even for a new player! I just got it today and really have no idea how to do much of anything beyond shoot and move, but I have had the most fun in an FPS for the last 2 hours than most of the other FPS games I've played recently. Tactics matter; aim matters; cover and concealment matter; orders to your squad when you're the Corporal matter. It's a total blast and I can't wait to learn more and experience the different weapons soon. Great maps, great balance, Bought 3 copies for my friends even, just so I can squad with friends, but even strangers were a blast. THIS GAME IS A WINNER!!!!"
,Recommended,242860,23760039,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,🅷🆄🆁🆁🅰🆈,"pros:- it's not BF1.cons:- historically accurate.- no DLC for the french, they're already in-game for free.- no one aimlessly runs around solo.- requires actual teamwork.- no fully automatic weapons galore.- you actually need to aim.- no kids telling you they just ♥♥♥♥ed your mother.- there are no lightspeed-fast armored vehicles.- no heavily equipped blimps."
,Recommended,242860,16278196,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Bean Man,"Verdun is one very few WW1 shooters. Fortunately, it fits its role perfectly. You too can feel the desolate hell that is trench warfare."
,Recommended,242860,15610898,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Bismarck,A wonderful first person shooter set in the first world war. It also incorporates some of the elements that made the Western Front such a gruesome spectacle. Prepare to be executed if you go against the current order (Attack or Defend) and to be rewarded for staying with your non-comissioned-officer. If you don't mind spending time waiting in trenches or trying to find the one path that is not being locked down by the enemy defenders you will enjoy this game!
76561198046090991,Recommended,242860,10680079,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pvt_Larry,"How many other World War I games are out there? The answer, my friends, is not many. While Verdun is still a major work in progress, it's definately worth your dollar, thanks to it's unique setting and gameplay. Simple to learn but difficult to master, gunplay in Verdun is immensely satisfying, a feat considering how frustrating the game could have been made instead. Despite the WWI setting, the game does still feel a bit too ""run and gun"" at times, but is very entertaining overall."
76561198090785263,Recommended,242860,23724685,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,(SWE) Jonathan,"A very good game, weapons have realistic recoil and you cant just run a round with a heavy machine gun like its a normal machine gun. There is many weapons and equipments. Watch the trailers, this is one of very few games where the game is very similar to the trailers. 11/10"
76561198091493222,Recommended,242860,13429291,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Commissar SerSjin,an amazing game im an utter ww1 freakunfortantly the devs are to stoned to release a stable build for windows 7
76561198143777234,Not Recommended,242860,19288738,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,jimfloe,"Lately their are more and more players who are extremly hard to kill, sometimes standing right behind the person, 3 shots to center back and 2 stabs, they turn around and kill me with one shot! Im going to quit this game until this is fixed!"
76561198015589990,Recommended,242860,14307524,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Crni Bombarder,Very fun death simulator. After playing this you will quickly realize why gas attacks were used and then sympathize with the decision leaders made to use it in war.
76561198013395847,Recommended,242860,26084486,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pvt.Snowball,"An amazing game with both depth and innovative gameplay unlike any other that you will find. Rather than change the events to fit a set framework for a game, the devs have produced a squad based game thta is cohesive and where the benefits of proper squad play are substantial and intrinsic, whilst also being fun. I want to play this game to death, and really wish there were more plays to play with. That is not to say the community isn't great: most people are responsive and helpful, with little to no players to ruin the gameplay. This is definitely a niche, and may be hard for some at first, but after sinking in some time and little bit of effort one can become adjusted. The game has no scorestreaks and is very hard for one person to comletely own the game, easpecially in the signature ""Frontlines"" mode, which adds to the balance. Even dying a lot can still be fun, as much of the game is about strategy and tactics, along with communication: where to push, when to push, when to call in covering artillery, where to place machine gunners, where to place the NCOs for effective spawning, etc, while unlocking classes is neither grindy or arduous, taking much of the extra time and though out with set classes.Overall I wish the graphics and/or look were a little bit better, otherwise this is an all round great game, especially when played with a friend."
76561198125301049,Recommended,242860,21431529,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,CJ,It's A Long Way To Tipperary !!!
76561198141128714,Recommended,242860,15818818,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Sergeant Woof Woof,"Only good if you have a good internet connection as and I am at uni halls its not very good, spawn and die is the theme, however when internet works it can be a fun game"
,Recommended,242860,13857661,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,X-[1stMN] Pvt. Hans (Queen Luna),"This is a FANTASTIC GAME!!!!!!!  Even with its Beta bugs and such. The game it captures the players imagination by giving them a glance at what it might have felt like to be in those trenches and to have to go into no mans land to ""try"" and capture your enemys trench.  I would and do approve and would tell all of my friends about this game and its greatness!"
,Recommended,242860,24794441,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,SM00THIE | csgobig.com,"**********************Time to pacify the criers and end the death threats.-New edit-- My original review was hyperbolical.- Champagne is not ""horrible"" but it is my least favorite, and a lot of others feel the same.- If you dont feel that way... cool.- There will be instances you think someone is hacking.- You're mostly just raging though ^^^- If you're an SJW, the community is very welcoming.- ^^You share with them your ideals at every chance.still 10/10**********************- Champagne is a horrible map.- You're going to think everyone is hacking.- If you're good enough, everyones going to think you're hacking.- You're going to spawn in gas.- You're going to spawn in front of an MG.- You're going to spawn in front of a sniper.- You're going to spawn in the middle of an arty barrage.- Champagne is a horrible map.- Everyone is h4xsor- You didn't have to fight in WW1That feeling you get when you finally have an enemy in your sights, and then get you shot before you can even pull the trigger.10/10"
76561197993038328,Recommended,242860,12504191,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Froget,"My Verdun brings all the boys to the yard,And they're likeIt's better than yours,Damn right it's better than yours,I can teach you,But I have to charge"
76561197964195930,Not Recommended,242860,22253551,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cracky!!!,"another great game totally destroyed by cheats in game, people snapping 180's, can't hide from wallhack / esp.same issue with red orchestra.... pointless playing FPS on pc nowadays doesn't help when devs just don't bother with any attempt at anti-cheat."
,Recommended,242860,34822056,Posted: 8 September,all,Kim Dong-Un,"most accurate ww1 game i've played. this is a great game overall but due to its historical accuacy i can undertstand why it might not be some peoples cup of tea based on game play style. but if youre a fan of slower paced shooter, bolt action rifles, and realism then i highly recommend this game."
76561198012235419,Not Recommended,242860,31715834,Posted: 12 May,all,Vutxzzn,"I enjoy this game. I purchased Battlefield 1, Graphics and story mode, sure great and all. Except for one small fact. Battlefield 1 was terrible if you were looking for a genuine World War 1 shooter. Multiplayer was limiting etc... but this isn't a review about BF1 This is about Verdun.See Verdun is a great concept. The Developers have done a good job. Except for the ping problem and the fact that it has been hacked so much and in so many ways Anonymous would be proud. See World War 1 was a war where the bolt action rifle was king. But if that's getting in your way, there is a hack for that. Aiming accross no mans land getting you down? There is a hack for that. Reloading your 16 round Squad Support weapon a hassel? There is a hack for that. Heck Reloading at all a hassel? Don't worry hack's got that one covered too.If the developers can stop these hacks then I'll come back. That Ping problem though... It's a bit of buzz kill when you can shoot a guy straight in the face and miss because you'r machine doesn't have the update... That he killed you first."
76561198138589554,Recommended,242860,18283958,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,~{1E}~ Kommissar,"The first and the best WW1 first-person-shooter game, can't go a minute without it. It's highly realistic and features all sorts of WW1 guns, squads, and maps. Most addicting game I have ever played. 11/10 without a doubt!!"
,Recommended,242860,13890338,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Verdun stuipid,need SEA servers10/10
,Recommended,242860,12643856,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Jack57000,"This game is a awesome ww1 shooter it requires you to stay in cover at all times then to charge into no mans land with the new weapon gas now players get to use gas mask and with new troops I give this game a 10/10 enjoy the game, and to the game creaters keep up the great work and make the game even better.* Update July 25 2016. Overall this game has changed for the good its now probably the best FPS I've  ever played  like I remember when this game was in its early stages but now it has become my favorite FPS for the gore the realism the BAR :>.To the devs you have made the best ww1 I have ever known Battlefield 1 will never be able to compare to the awesomeness of this game."
,Recommended,242860,15618843,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,(8th Lt. Col) IlluminatiRex,"I started following Verdun back in 2011, when I first discovered it. Back then, it was thought to be Dead, Leo having moved on. All the footage we had was a short, soundless demo. The forums were nearly dead.But then in 2013 something magical happened - It came back to life. There was a free Alpha, which was of the rifle deathmatch mode. It was fun, but showed SO much had to be done. And since then, so much has. This game is a tense, quasi-realistic FPS set in WWI, and as a WWI buff it has my seal of approval. It's fun, especially with friends. Playing with friends allows you to level up your squad together, and thus have access to newer uniforms, slight stat increases, and increased firepower (deadlier gas, more arty, etc...).Seriously, this game needs and deserves more players. Buy it!"
76561197987536128,Recommended,242860,16213889,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Joeski,"whilst the enemy put on there gas masks, I knew it was my time to shine.5 shovel kill killstreak.10/10.But seriously, this is a fantastic FPS thats got alot of love behind it, Ive only just played with all the weapons and classes 12 hours in and every role in a squad is perfect.Playing with friends in a squad with people who communicate too is one of the best experiences when you clear out a whole trench together, and thats why I can't stop playing this game."
,Recommended,242860,23677591,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,miscarried babys,>get on verdun for first time>play with friendo>we settle up on a random dirt mount>he fires his automatic>i am sniping>he gets shot in the face>his head falls right next to my screen with his lifeless eyes and blood seeping from his face with a bloody wound on his neck>hes screaming and squirming and yelling>i try to put him out of my misery to make him stop but no avail>his screams and squirms get less noticeable>he stops moving10/10 game i have ptsd
,Recommended,242860,13818185,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,A Purple Manatee,"You die a lot, but I still enjoy it more than Call of Duty."
,Not Recommended,242860,19635771,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Xifihas,Hope you like getting shot in the head by people you can never see.
,Not Recommended,242860,19242005,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Destructor RPH,Im not even going to address the other problems until the fix the atrochious unoptimization. I can't even play on medium on a 4670k and gtx 770. I Can play the Metro Redux games at the highest quality but not this? Ridiculous.
76561198017216485,Not Recommended,242860,20054776,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Life_Insurance54,I am not one of those guys who would normally cry about hackers...I understand every game is going to have some aimbot folks. This game takes it to a different level of frustration. The hackers are all over the place and you can expect atleast 1 in every game. The game itself is a great game but until the developers decide to crack down I would not purchase the game.
76561198084021377,Recommended,242860,15513172,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,☩Hudz☩,Awesomest game I have ever played.bring it to console when it is released please
,Recommended,242860,10305776,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dustin,"AWESOME GAME! I LOVE IT!I find this game more fun than any of the Call of Duty's. It's mostly trench warfare with snipers and such but you can get close and use a pistol. I played this game once before and I didn't enjoy it nearly at all because I didn't understand as much, but i'm happpy I gave it another chance.Although, there is things that need to be fixed because this game is in alpha. I haven't noticed much besides that fact that when you die, there is ALOT of frame drop.There is alot of weapons besides that you could use though, making this game alot of fun. You play in squads and can rank them up as well as yourself making this game alot more fun if you play with friends. Hope this helped!"
76561198082996429,Recommended,242860,23966736,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cpt Furbosa,"Ok.....This is a very good game.In a world/genre filled with fast paced,exo jumping, quickscoping nonsense this game is a refreshing title brought to the table.It's bleak and visceral setting is enough to send a chill through anyone and as you make you way through the chaos of gunfire,gas and smoke you will slowly realise that this title stands strong as a FPS.The trench warfare is captured excellently and the satisfaction of perfecting your aim with a bolt action rifle or your thrust of a bayonette is highly rewarding.I love this game and believe that it deserves more exsposure and credit than it's player base reflects.Buy it now on sale and you will not regret it i can assure you. Pay full price and i'd say exactly the same thing.Gritty,satisfying,visceral and well made.A very good FPS for veterans and newcomers a like.Buy it and ill see you in the trenches!"
76561198044544114,Recommended,242860,9598211,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Floyd Bennet,A lot of potential here. Buy it and be a part of this masterpiece in the making. I highly recommend Verdun.
76561198003770479,Recommended,242860,22159822,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dr Lurl,"Verdun is the greatest World War game since Medal of Honor in my opinion.While it is simplistic in nature, its mechanics and weapons are on point.Nothing like getting through 4 of the 5 bullets in your bolt action rifle's clip and knowing you need to reload, but also that you may not have time before another foe comes around the corner of the position you are looking at.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a classic shooter and people who have squad goals."
76561198058187404,Recommended,242860,22053735,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,An.-Fas.-Prim.-TransH-Monarchist,Never experienced shell-shock......until now10/10 Would cry in the corner again
,Recommended,242860,14346687,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Carolus Magnus,"WW1 FPS, what else can I say? Verdun has it's bugs like any other game, but remember it's still in Beta. With endless charging, defending, charging, and defending... you're bound to be kept busy."
76561198110731341,Recommended,242860,32735277,Posted: 24 June,all,White,"Fun game, I don't think I would buy it for $27.99 though. However when it's on sale like it id now for only $6.99 its worth it 100%"
76561198218456000,Recommended,242860,16426769,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,HavoK,"I was at first kind of mixed about purchasing this game, but after playing it for only 20 minutes, I am in love with it!I've seen many complaints from some of the negative comments and my conclusion is that this game is not for everyone.  For all of you that love CoD or games that are constantly in action where you just run around and spray people, Verdun is not like that at all.  For all of you that love Battlefield type games, Verdun is similar in that squad based gameplay encourages people to always use strategy to find the best way to attack.Another complaint I've seen is that you die fast, and to answer that is that it is true, you do die REALLY fast if you don't use a strategy.  People cannot just run around and spray people or else you're dead meat.  But that is because the game is incredibly realistic.  Damage is very realistic as well where any hit you take from a rifle instantly kills you, pistols and machine gun fire can kill you in about two or three hits.  Like I said before, you do die EXTREMELY fast if people decide to run around without a strategy.Another positive is that the game changes from large battlefield shootouts to close quarters gameplay quickly.  Sometime's you will be defending your trench and are trying to pick off enemies all the way across the battlefield in the opposing team trench.  Sometimes you are clearing out a trench and are surrounded by enemies.To conclude, if you are someone that loves realism and strategy based teamwork, this game is definitely for you!! For those of you CoD players who love running around and spraying, this game is definitely too slow for you."
76561197988457562,Recommended,242860,22022738,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,G.Drew,"A fresh experience if you are in to shooters. The Frontlines game mode is the cream of the crop, while the others (rifle deathmatch, co-op, etc) are otherwise insignificant. Despite this however, there is a good amount of content and, while there isn't a huge amount of maps, there is replay value in playing with 11 different squads, with 4 different classes per squad, and of those there are 3 variations of kit.I could mention other things, such as the squad levelling system affecting squad bonuses as well as the SL abilities and the uniform your troops are equipped with, but ill keep this brief: I bought this for £15 when it was on sale in Early Access, however I can recommend it for the current price point now that it is full release (plus the recent expansion) and I can safely say this has been one of my best purchases I have made from EA. Absolutely superb."
76561198072595351,Recommended,242860,16057407,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Rufioo,"Great game! To me every kill seems satisfying and it's just something I love to play. It's want a group of friends in game for sure. It can be frustrating at times but I think it was well worth the money. It runs pretty smooth on my older computer so I'm really pleased with this! it's a small community but everyone seems pretty laid back. No matter how far you are behind team members don't rage and its just fun. If you're new to a ""class"" or ""position"" team members or even the enemy team will help you get better at it all you have to do is ask for help!One of my best experiences in this game was when I made it into the enemy trench, they called gas on us and charged! Most of my team was dead I was one of the few still alive in the trench, I had my gas mask on and my rifle posed and ready, then out of no where 5 guys round the corner one after the other, I have to squint to see them through the gas then I proceed  to just rack in the points mowing them down as the come around the corner, during all this I was being fired on by mortars! Was such an intense moment!"
,Recommended,242860,16713572,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dream,"I really love how much work was put into this game and the amount of history that comes to life. I for one study World War One so much that half the time I think you studdied the battles that go on in this game. After all of this work I'd really love to see something like a gunning run with airplanes. If that's not possible I understand. Anyway, to wrap this up I'd recommend this game to any history buff or fps lover."
76561198044650692,Recommended,242860,17165528,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,mizu_no_oni111,this is the most fun I've had in several years 10/10
,Recommended,242860,23983464,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sonaint,Verdun Spoiled Battlefield 1 for me
76561198032468345,Recommended,242860,10868646,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Killer_Frosty,This game is a lot of fun and has enough ww1 guns and uniforms to make a history nerd like me. There are a few bug but there rare. Its good first person shooter fun and more people should play it.
,Recommended,242860,23375989,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Exrage,"Gas, gas mask, trench, artillery, bolt action rifles. The best ww1 fps game.Pro:-regular updates-historical accurate-nice sound and music-uniforms are pretty cool and looks like ww1 real uniforms-real weapons-can't be camper because of artillery-nice communityCon:-some minor bugs-can't report players-please add vehiclesI rate this game 10/10."
76561198141272901,Recommended,242860,32095413,Posted: 31 May,all,starboss12,I had fun. Best with friends.
,Recommended,242860,19148158,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Harlow,"The game has gigantic potential. It is fun and quite addictive, however it requires a lot more optimization, as it used to run better with smoother frames. Unfortunately, recent patches proved to be worse in terms of performance.Overall, Verdun is great and it's worth your money. All it misses is a smoother performance."
76561198126101368,Recommended,242860,19198584,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,FreakyGuy,"This game has an amazing idea. But every patch that has come (and probably will come) will just ♥♥♥♥ it all up.It has big performance issues, the ragdolls are terrible (and fixed, but return from time to time), there is random teleports, random glitches, everything. Name it and this game has it.I liked the game a lot, but now it is overrun by camping idiots who do not attack in the attack phase, and later are confused why they didn't win.The only positive thing is that it's fun when you understand its mechanics and such, but that WILL take a lot of time as it has a steep learning curve.Overall in the current state: 4/10EDIT:Due to very very very good optimization, I will change my review. The game is very well playable again.The mentality of most players is still that sitting in your trench will get you rewarded with the enemy trench, but that's part of the game.For the game I'd say 7/10 as of now.Most players'd still get my previous 4/10Keep up the good work, gentlemen!The game is still ♥♥♥♥ed up"
,Recommended,242860,9168117,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Alesayr,"A fun and unique MMO squad based WW1 FPS (wow, so many acronyms) that I've really enjoyed playing. I've sunk a few hours into it already and anticipate putting in many more!The game is still in open beta so be aware of what you're buying, but it's already a great game and it's improving all the time"
76561198052361127,Recommended,242860,11135577,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Kevin Otto,"A fun game that goes in a different direction than most shooters these days. If you are a fan of WW1 this is a game you should give a try. It stays true to the attack, try to hold, retreat or advance trench warfare tactics used in WW1. If you can not decide you can always try the free broswer version at the link below. The game includes a deathmatch mode for those who enjoy playing solo.http://www.kongregate.com/games/M2Hgames/verdunThose of you interested in the future of the game should know a real DEV was playing in one match and was eager to answer our questions and hear our suggestions. He was not just standing around talking to us either. He was shooting at enemy players with his gewehr 98 enjoying playing the game, and answering our questions. I have never seen any DEVs do this in any other game. He talked about the addition of gas to the battlefield later this summer, and the addition of more factions such as the British. His communication with us the players is something the industry has been lacking. They seem focused on making a WW1 game that players want to play and will enjoy playing."
,Recommended,242860,24127303,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mr. Boombastic,"I haven't put too many hours in (about 6) but so far, I love Verdun. It's challenging and you should be prepared to die...A LOT..but once you start leveling up and unlocking different classes in the squads the game becomes much more fun. Very real depicition of trench warfare. The sounds the enemies/friendlies make when they are shot and crying out is very hard to listen to but it adds a very real aspect to the game. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198355091696,Recommended,242860,32092223,Posted: 31 May,all,MouseyCypress,"when i first began playing the community helped me learn the commands and put me on a spotter class so i could help out better like that, i proceded to get 4 kills with the pistol after using the  spotting tool, for once in my life, people actually where happy I was on their team"
,Recommended,242860,13675062,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DetectiveFox,"Verdun is a WW1 First Person Shooter that captures the feel of the trench fighting (1914-1918). Verdun offers only a handful of maps, but they can be played differently by choosing one of the many classes the game offers. Verdun offers the ability to unlock attachments and new weaponry just by playing Verdun. The maps have fantastic detail along with the play style of the game. From Machingunner to Riflemen you'll find yourself having tons of fun playing Verdun.Overall rating: 8.5/10"
76561198029184162,Recommended,242860,32074932,Posted: 30 May,all,Wolfbane,"i died a bunch, so pretty accurate"
,Recommended,242860,14482598,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BM,"Fantastic game with superb aesthetics, backed by a very responsive development team quick to respond to community feedback. Every patch released for this game seems to double the quality.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,242860,9338900,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Reverse_Prophet,Though still a work in progress (as of writing) it's nice to FINALLY see a World War I shooter and one that is particularly well done.
,Recommended,242860,9358546,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,One:1,"I find this game painstakingly simple, yet a load of fun. The simplicity is part of the fun. No memorizing controls, no crazy upgrades, nothing super hard to master. Game is a lot of fun, I enjoy it a lot. It is a beta, so their are minor bugs here and there. It is for the most part stable now."
,Recommended,242860,9332697,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Dafelaffe,Finally a great game with a WW1 theme. Highly recommendable!
,Recommended,242860,32113527,Posted: 1 June,all,Shraknel,"I sarted playing Verdun when it first came out and people think it is unoptimized now and has a wonky hit box system, back then it was really bad. My pc could barely handle it and it was still pretty laggy so i returned it and didn't even really think about buying it again. I very much enjoyed and liked the idea behind it but it was to buggy for me to even really enjoy playing it.Then when it came on sale i started looking into it again 7bucks instead of 25 sounded alot better to me for what i thought was a laggy buggy game. even then i was kind of ify on it, but i bought it anyways and have now enjoyed every moment of it. My potatoe of a pc runs it on low at around 100fps and it's low graphics are like arma 3 high settings!(my specs are: win10 64bit, 5thgen i5-525OU, intel HD6000 graphics, 8gb ram) This game runs even better than the newest battlefront and titanfall on my pc.The hit box is wonky to people because it works on where you hit the player on the body! Stomach,chest and head are insta kills while shoulders,arms and legs only deal a little dmg. The enviorments in the game are so accurate and real, the sound of the weapons and aircraft above perfection! Even the unit uniforms and facial looks are dead on for the time period. You also have ricochets you can be killed or wounded by a stray round. Everything about this game makes you feel like your right there in the heat of the battle!Trench assault/warfare is by far the best game mode in the game. In it one team starts off by attacking an enemy trench and trying to take it if they succed the enemy gets a chance to take the trench back and this just goes on back forth untill time runs out or one team controls all of the territory.I highly recommend this game! Way better than battlefield 1!With the game is right now it is honestly really worth around 15bucks so 7 bucks is a steal!"
76561198031311375,Recommended,242860,10299980,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,YupinO PAMPA,Really nice FPS
76561198061151411,Recommended,242860,17270944,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,WIll,Amazing Game Wepons and maps and models Are Reallistic and the community is super.Over all the game is superHighly recommend
76561198089751344,Recommended,242860,17083955,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,"Krenko, Mob Boss",A relief from the typical shooters you see today.This game caters to skillful players. be smart and use battle strategy and you'll do well.16vs16 on decently sized maps brings a lot of action but its not the stupid run and gun COD style.Trench warfare is enjoyable and intense. or perk up with your rifle and pick off the enemy.this game is worth the money even at full price.
76561197998877671,Recommended,242860,21867368,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,BAND CAMP -F1AK-,The best WW1 FPS game by FAR!!!
76561198152439572,Recommended,242860,22044762,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mr Kettle,"When assulting just run straight forwardGets mowed down by a MGRages because of respawn time10/10Tried to make this review funny, but I   couldn'tPeace"
76561198142659488,Recommended,242860,17216369,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,nsv,Very fun game if you know how to play it.
76561198121166322,Recommended,242860,10988375,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Yuan-Lee,Love roleplaying on this game. Call it battlefield 1915. 9.1 out of 10
,Recommended,242860,15470976,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,desafinado,"Sometimes I'd love to play Verdun only to listen the amazing music in the menu.oui oui marie...it's a long way to tipperary...hunting the hun...And developer, it's trench, please add RATS :D"
76561198074859282,Recommended,242860,16748748,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,N I C O L A S,"Considering the fact that this is the most recent and also the only one ww1 FPS that exists. It's very recommended, the game recreates the battlefield caos of the trenches. But it needs more stuff. This game can and must be improved. Anyway it's good the way it is currently but it can be better. So i recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,18182564,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,鴛鴦,Ever been stressed or frustrated? Yes? Wrong.You have never expeirenced real frustration until you've played verdun.8/10
,Recommended,242860,25472340,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,naphouse,Died because I didn't bolt my rifle correctly.10/10 It's like Battlefield 1 but realistic.
76561198069338725,Recommended,242860,23881934,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rome Never Fell,"Verdun is one of the most unique FPS games I have ever played. It truly feels like trench warfare, as being careful and strategic are the ways to victory, not simply running and gunning. The level of detail in this game is amazing, from the weapons, to the environments, and even the hobnails on the soldiers' boots. The game is gorgeous, and is a ton of fun; so if you haven’t played it, you should give it a try."
76561198127701739,Recommended,242860,22264156,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,MasterKief,This game is great! And the Horrors of War expansion has made the game so much more realisitc and intense!!!
76561197999651421,Recommended,242860,23061306,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,PTB Leonidas the supple,find a good place in the trench line *get snipedfind a good place to snipe *get mowed down by MGset up the MG *get hit by Artilleryget a trench mace and nades * takes out entire german defnsive line11/10 would allahu akbar with canadians again
,Recommended,242860,13468019,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kestoren,"Extremely good game, has heaps of potential if anything else is considered to be added, even tank crews. As they used in WWI, would be lovely. Great game in general though, great range of weaponry, classes, squad types and team co-operation.Would love if more and more people played it, can't wait for the full thing to be released."
,Recommended,242860,11453975,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Vincent,BUY IT ! You won't regret !
,Recommended,242860,12855173,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Tony The Tiger,"Games like theese are very rare to come by since all of the good simulator games are free but have a pay to win ethic.This era of the war gets overturnes alot but in realaity it was a very pivotal one since that famous old saying.""We will be home by christmas"", where they thought the war would last for a few months but it lasted for 4 years.As expected a earlyacess game will have its problems but the community gives it the suggestons, The artilry,guns,models(Sometimes T-poses),Connection.For instance the Chauchet for the French was badley buld so im thinking the gun jamms or the trigger breakes as a resultWishesClass customization(Not excludeing the way it works)Chooseing the gun you prefer insded of its binary oneGiving the units in the squad unique perksCaptured weapons from the other frontsSo like a limited supply of guns from the diffrint frontsEnhanced gun dynamicsGun jammig,Broken parts,Rugged looks from its useOverall this is one of the great games ive played sofar"
76561198300787605,Recommended,242860,28463153,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[VOW]aussiegamer_BC,I really like verdun. i have only been playing it for about three days but it seems like a really fun game like Rising storm 2. It seems like the only ww1 game that is actually pretty accurate.
,Recommended,242860,25194046,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,cipher98k,"Verdun is a challenging game with a fairly steep learning curve in terms figuring out the best way to use certain squads and roles, how to move around on the map, and how to work with your team as well as the number of times you will die for reasons beyond your control.However if you stick with it, it is really fun to play.  It's rewarding to take trenches or fight back enemies, treks across no mans land are tense, and kills are very satisfying.  It does have it's glitches, and it is not well optimized but the very friendly community, nice attention to detail, and game play that aimed at thinking vs raw action make it worth it."
,Recommended,242860,33096029,Posted: 1 July,all,R.K,Worth 6 euro
76561198049327853,Recommended,242860,25099086,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Deus Vult,I Have not played BF1 but I know this is better because it has trenches.
76561198008053556,Recommended,242860,15593207,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Harold Gillies,"Welcome to the front - and to one of the best and well-made RFPS (R for ""real"") ever! Thanks dutch guys. You have done VERY well:-)"
76561198176693135,Recommended,242860,30606076,Posted: 18 March,all,JoshuaVonSaltyburg,"Its Worth the money, if you can handle the pain of having to die all the time.Also known as ""Shell Shock Simulator"" or ""PTSD Simulator"" and the motto of this would be ""Get what your great Grandpa got!""BUT other than that its pretty goodbut play with your fiends because the others won't as fun or rank that fast."
,Recommended,242860,16460804,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Bleached Nëgro,I Love this game but i think it would be amazing if they add some historical battles like somme or ypres or something and add downscaled ratio of people like somme for example british walking across an open feild while the germans are sparying them down or just something. I think it would make the game a lot more enjoyable
,Recommended,242860,8934325,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Corn,Just the fact this game was set in WW1 made me want to buy it because I've never seen any WW1 shooters and it's definetly worth it the graphics are outstanding the trench warfare seems close to the real thing and the bolt action rifles  make it feel like every shot counts is great! Plus the squad aspect makes it all the better! 9/10
,Recommended,242860,22323929,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Batu Khan,"Excellent game, great realism and historical content.  The developers just need to add tanks and it will be complete.  I do request that you get an ESRB rating for it though."
76561198150267434,Recommended,242860,29102029,Posted: 7 January,all,Ry ry 83195,"It may not be as fast paced or smooth as games like BF1, but it's authentic and fun. The uniforms, guns, and the main game mode all come from WWI and there's a great balance between bolt-action rifles and machine guns. If you enjoy history, indie games, or having fun I recommend it whole heartedly. (Please note the game is not perfect and can be buggy at times, but what games aren't)"
76561198123371381,Recommended,242860,25385785,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sultan Suleiman,"Being a bit too interested in history I went under the ""Historical"" tab for the Steam Store and one of the first games popping up was Verdun. It was literally the only WWI game in there, so I decided to buy it around June of 2015. I was instantly hooked. It was something about the classic WWI experience of artillery and machine guns spawn camping that I somehow enjoyed. I couldn't bear looking at my KD/R. I was still determined to Git Gud. At around 200-300 hours clocked in I felt like I was getting much better at the game, as it has a very steep learning curve. Being Level 100 doesn't really mean anything. I thought I would enjoy the game more, and I did, but now almost every match I would get a bit ticked off. After learning how to actually get across No Man's Land, there is nothing worse than a MG scrub camping on the floor of the trench through the bodies of his comrades. Or the randomly called mortar strikes that seem more like homing missiles. The best way to help is just playing with friends as they can help call out the MGs or other inconveniences preventing you from going 200 and 0 like a god. Also, a feature of Verdun that I truly enjoy is the squad leveling system. The game basically rewards you for playing with friends by upgrading your tear gas to mustard gas, or your puny mortar strike into a creeping barrage of 75mm. Verdun has numerous bugs that can be a bit irritating like hitbox issues and graphical bugs, (New ones pop up and old ones disappear with each update) some of which are actually kind of funny like a head growing to the size of a hot-air balloon after a headshot. My feelings are very mixed for this game, but there is nothing else like Verdun in terms of a realistic WWI shooter game. This game has really grown on me for the past year, and I feel like it deserves a thumbs-up from somebody with 900+ hours in it"
,Recommended,242860,16736583,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,VaZLeeNWiNi,"One of the best game ever made. just take your time to kill, and hide your head."
76561198058963406,Recommended,242860,15471272,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Filthy Peasant,"I've been playing Verdun since the Alpha, and the game has transformed from a barebones WWI FPS with barely any features, into a sprawling, wonderous battlefield. The devs are commited, and are constantly adding new content every few weeks or so.Verdun offers a different, and exciting take on the modern FPS, that you will seldom find in other games. If you are a history buff, or just like something different, I can highly reccomend this game"
,Recommended,242860,22850535,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,R I T S O E,"Fantastic game with a great community. The setting and atmosphere is perfect, all the weapons/outfits are historically accurate, and even the use of language is impressive. When you can't see them, you know the nationalities of your allies and enemies by their shouts. If you're a German and you hear French and English in your trench, you'd better get ready to fight. It's a small detail that I personally find very immersive.Brutally simple gunplay. Most weapons are bolt action rifles, and you die in one shot most of the time. I think the setting and mechanics of the game turn away cancerous ""COD-kiddy"" type players who crave killstreaks and fast paced gameplay, ludicrous guns, etc. You can usually spot them whining for 2 or 3 matches in the chat, and then never see them again. I really doubt this was intentionally done, but having these players naturally phased out dramatically improves the community. Good job, Devs!Speaking of which, the community is full of proper gentlemen, the type of guys you feel proud about capturing a trench with. The overwhelming majority of players are friendly, helpful, and non-toxic, Something nice to see in a modern FPS game.This game requires patience, and you will probably die a lot when you start playing. It plays very differently than shooters like COD or CSGO, and therefore it won't appeal to everyone. Having an interest in history also improves the experience, but definitely isn't necessary to enjoy. I think many FPS fans will appreciate this game because frankly, it's just a lot of fun.It's clear that the developers wanted to create a proper WW1 shooter, something that many people, myself included, have awaited for years. Thank you for fulfilling this wish.TL;DR: Amazing game, don't buy if impatient or diehard ""COD kiddy""Edit: Came back to play after missing it for a few months, and the community has devolved into absolute cancer. What the ♥♥♥♥ happened, guys?"
76561197995225158,Recommended,242860,11108378,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Trench Rat,"You will not find a war game more demanding, dark and gritty than Verdun.  Although still rife with bugs and creases that need ironing out, it's a great game that I got a few months back.  Now with the increased player limit on the servers the matches are ferocious and intense.  There's little more satisfying than sitting on the edge of a trench with a machine gun mowing down frenchmen, sniping germans or calling in mortar strikes on enemy positions.Although still being made, it's damn worth a purchase.I choose to play this over AAA games like battlefield and most other shooting games.Worth getting."
76561198060285754,Recommended,242860,11456455,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,bloodborne gazisi (burak),"excellent game if you like military history, even though the graphics may feel kind of arcadish, they have improved and they probably will improve until the final game is released. this is one of a kind, the only game that is kind of red orchestra/battlefield-such that you can play battles situated in world war one. currently there are only germany and france, but it is likely that great britain and some other nations will be added. it is a lot of fun to play. the first person shooter elements are definitely authentic if not the best, and there is hardly any spraying bullets in the game because most of the people are using bolt-action rifles.currently there are two kinds of squads for both germany and france: regular army squads and mountain infantry squads, there are 4 people in each squad. NCO(commander/officer), gunner, machine gunner, grenadier mountain infantry wield shorter, faster-firing rifles, better for shorter range engagements, and they have superior stamina, their officers have recon plane abilities that can reveal enemy locations on the map. regular army squads have 4 people as well but they are better for long-range engagements, their officers have mortar strike abilities.the game is set around trench warfare, you will either defend or attack a position. if you accomplish the objective, you earn a point as a team. therefore, the match scores are usually like soccer game scores.there is also a deathmatch mode where you unlock your own rifles and attachments.pros:-authentic gameplay,trench warfare-decent visuals-unique game-concerned developers, even though there is a grand total of 3 of themcons:-bugs and stuff. your progress may get reset.-certain roles are picked up by people who have absolutely no clue what they are doing...if your officer does not advance, you keep spawning on him, and you will have to walk a lot. it can get quite annoying-no automatic team balancing, you can have plenty of games where there is twice as much of the enemy,mostly french outnumbering german teams-french rifles have better sights than german rifles. thus, it is easier to hit targets with them. this causes balancing issues where most of the great players will prefer shooting with french rifles. i always play as both german and french and get kills easier with french rifles at range"
,Recommended,242860,16460662,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gary,Like Red Orchestra but in ww1 10/10 would be gassed again
76561197964103361,Recommended,242860,15712530,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Argusius,"Fun lil trench warfare shooter. It's not quite Red Orchestra and it's definately not like COD. This game is a slower paced, semi-realistic shooter with some lovely sound and graphics to boot. The community is respectful, people tend to know what to do, and if you're a noob you likely will not be berated for it.Overall, this game reminds me of my days playing paintball with its one-shot-one-kill mechanic and having to use the land (as opposed to boxes/buildings/walls) as cover. It's hard to see enemies and if you're leaving yourself out in the open you can consider yourself as good as dead. I often find myself looking for vantage points where I can shoot a couple times and then leave as to not leave myself open to return fire. It's a tense environment, yet deceptively relaxing and not many games pull of this feeling for me.For the price, why not give it a spin? You might be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,242860,19158066,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,HeldaneDevin,"I like this game particularly because of its setting. World War one is a undersubscribed genre for gaming as of late, especially with all the centenary  it is getting. With more units, weapons and nations available this game will only get better and better. It is also fun to play with friends, but can get rather frustrating if you have a team consisting of new players. The fact i am in interested in the era this game is set in helps its case a lot of course."
76561198006720573,Recommended,242860,23727540,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Hkajs,"Verdun is suprisingly easier to pick up than red orchestra 2. The gunplay is generally nice (especially with the mgs), the sounds for the other guns are a little weak though and it sometimes feels like you're shooting a peashooter that kills in a shot. There isnt as much teamplay as I would expect however generally people move towards a their goal. Oh and it runs really well on my crappy macbook air (with low settings ofc)."
,Recommended,242860,23704966,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Comrade Tum,"You're crawling across wet stinking mud into a waterlogged shell crater while the screams of your dying teammates drown out the blast of a creeping artillery barrage, desperately hoping the hail of lead from the machine gun tearing your comrades in arms apart doesnt find you in its sights. Suddenly infront of you, an enemy soldier. He fires first, but in panic, misses you. You leap up and beat him to death with the butt of your rifle. Staggering and out of breath, you take a second to get your bearings, but behind you, you hear the shrill whistle of the Commading officer, and the call to charge. Ahead; a yellow mist wafts across the trenchline. You know it is certain death. Yet onwards you go. Through the Fire and Smoke.One of the best games I've ever played. Reminds me of the original Red Orchestra in terms of gameplay. Great Community, great developers."
,Recommended,242860,30661880,Posted: 21 March,all,FaZe HanS,"> Join game> Randomly assigned to team> Click around randomly trying to find customization> Don't find it in time> Spawn in, hear lots of Scottish dudes shouting> Mortar Shell to the face> feelsbadman.jpg> Respawn, peek out of the trench> Instantly headshotted> Such is the way of ww1> Team gets attack order> Everyone runs cover to cover up to the enemy trench> soimmersive.jpg> Get picked off by a sniper> Game ends> Its a draw>mfw"
,Recommended,242860,25560191,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,[Hyp] Hipster,"Get this game I need someone to play with. Verdun is the first multiplayer FPS set in a realistic World War One setting. The merciless trench warfare offers a unique battlefield experience, immersing you and your squad into intense battles of attack and defense."
76561198007706374,Recommended,242860,22861737,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,lee_harvey_oswald,"What can I say... the graphics on this game could be a lot better. That said I don't know of any game on steam that quite captured the essence of WW1 trench warefare, it's futility, it's brutality, it's sheer mindnumbing horror. You stay in the trench, you get an artillery round and your dead, you stick your head up to have a look, you get your head shot off, you jump out of the trench to attack across no mans land you get shot... you go the wrong way you can caught up in barded wire you get shot or die...you get the picture....Great game... the graphics need a bit of work.. but awesome game if you feel like some self traumatisation every now and again."
,Recommended,242860,16449078,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[EIC]☭★RedTiger★☭,"The BETA finally ended and the game has changed very much since it was published. I really love this game (cant play it anymore :( the graphics worked well but since an update I cant play it anymore at good graphics). But this game is great its not a pointless TDM game,your team has to capture/defend the trenches of your enemys/allies.Its a very funny game and because of that im a WW1 fan i bought it on the first days when it was on the market.But you die very fast in this game,the enemys are camping the whole day and shoot everyone in a few seconds.And if u cant breech the enemy line just call a artyllery strike and its done.Its totally worth the price, would buy it 10/10."
,Recommended,242860,16736544,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[rs2.fi] Tuomainen,"If you liked original Red Orchestra and Darkest Hour, definitely worth getting."
76561197997440410,Not Recommended,242860,32117051,Posted: 1 June,all,FourTwenty,"No report system, other than that its pretty amazing."
76561198007275000,Not Recommended,242860,32133786,Posted: 2 June,all,Armed Diplomacy,"A new dance and dolphin diving game. It's beautiful with good graphics, but the maps are dominated too easily by one or two players with scops. There is no single player feature."
,Recommended,242860,7857582,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Thunderous Jingo,"A really great game!It is so uniquie because no FPSs do WWI.  There is a very minor issue that need to be fixed up, namely, making the handling a bit more flexible.  But apart from that single issue the game is great.  It is easy to understand the objective and the controls after about 2 minutes of playing.  Really great - graphics are also great.All this game needs is more people playing it, so buy it, it is on sale now.  It is well worth your money!"
,Recommended,242860,32098370,Posted: 31 May,all,ENGLAND,"good ww1 game in the western front , will buy the Tannenberg eastern front when it comes out.Verdun ,has added  way more sqauds from the first version ,when it was just france vs germanyits reallly good now 10/10"
76561198127920728,Recommended,242860,32860883,Posted: 27 June,all,Vault Блять,"stick ur head up, u die"
,Recommended,242860,18084630,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The Scrubmeister,"I've been looking at the forums, and, to my amazement actually found bad reviews. To set things clear, here goes my review (700+ hours gaming time; specs are: let's just say zombie-like craptop).I admit I got this game when it was on sale, paid 7€ (9 dollars) for it. My first shooter ever and my first k/d was 1-41 on Picardie. This is one issue about the game which bugs most people: If you are new, you have to get used to the gameplay (1 hit 1 kill rifles, 1-2 hit 1 kill pistols). This usually lasts a few matches, and *zack* ""stupid game, don't buy, blah-di-blah-di-blah"".I hammered on (also because all my other games were rts and I wanted a change in terms of game genre; still.)Now I have played... a lot. Even if this game was 50 € / 54 bucks, hell yeah buy it! It will become AWESOME in the next years due to many planned updates; get it while it's still at 20.Why, you may ask.Here we go:- 90% of all the veteran players are nice and will give you tips if you don't troll around and don't camp- REALISM- Awesomly well-made maps, uniforms, weapons- cool squad system (it's better than the ad says)- unique setting- it simply won't get boring, you keep discovering new tactics- when it gets boring, an update comes- very cool graphics even on low, as my craptop would most certainly explode if I take them any higher (also, they improved a lot since I started playing this)Downsides:- for me?: none- things that might bug you: initial ""shock"" as described above (but you quickly get over it); one or two annoying bugs every now and then (such as insta-kick before you get to a game due to ""squad missing"", whatever that is); some players lag a bit.My rating: 10/10 would be lieing, it actually is 11/10. Why? I only have an understatement to answer this: it is AWESOME. (Depending on how much you hate bugs, the worst-case scenario rating is 9/10)"
,Recommended,242860,13292167,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,T.Holtkamp,"Love this game, great scenery, great WW1 feeling and just good.One of the better Indie games i have played."
,Recommended,242860,14503460,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,•҉Baron voŋ Moorland,Quite the Great approach to making an FPS set in the Great War.Great Voice acting that I can only hope they make more of.The overall gameplay of this game I feel is great.There was a recent update just last night 2/15 and its made a whole world of difference.Its well worth the price.Come join the fun.
76561198023695074,Recommended,242860,15697998,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Chocomel,Propably the first sucide simulator... 10/10
76561198029581126,Recommended,242860,31771336,Posted: 15 May,all,FiFN,I cried a lot11/10
,Recommended,242860,25381762,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,seagull,"After playing this game since release, on and off, I have come to the (atleast) semi accurate conclusion that this game is like no other. It has realistic features like obvious effects on moral as bullets rain towards you, you can't eat half a clip of bullets (like in the mediocre pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥created today) and a really diverse game, that has never really been done before, to my knowledge. This game can improve, but it doesn't need much. The addition of armoured vehicles (mainly the Mark series, for the corresponding countries and the A7V for Germany) would be a great feature, especially to counteract Battlefield 1. The only other noticeable problem is the player base. Currently, the game is only on PC, so it is expected that the playerbase will grow as the game is introduced to console, but for the mean time, the ~500 person playerbase is at risk of extinction. You can still easily find a few completely full matches by switching to EU/US according to the time zones, but this isn't practical. To conclude this review, I have to say that the game is amazing, it is fun, realistic and challenging, but the small playerbase can deter new players from entering the community."
76561198045166709,Recommended,242860,15677187,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DreamTreader,"This game has HUGE potential. Its only multyplayer ... so the limits of this game fall completely on the community .  (understand as a new release it does still need a bit of patches here and there in time)16 hours in 4 days freakin love it.This game is not about kd ratio.. if you play it like any other fps your team will hate you. Play as a team and win.. or play like cod, get destroyed and feel the community hate."
,Recommended,242860,12463735,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,FalconRime,"While the First World War setting gives an element of novelty to this online multiplayer shooter, what is truly innovative is the ebb and flow that is baked in to the gameplay. At any one time one side is in their trench defending, not allowed to advance towards the enemy, while the other side is in their own parallel trench being forced to run, crawl and walk over no-man's land towards their (almost) certain doom. Once the attackers reach the enemy trench it becomes a tense game of nerves as danger lurks around every corner. Succeed in capturing the trench and the enemy fall back to another; fail and you are sent back to your own trench to this time defend. In this way a map is played across a set of parallel trenches with advance and fallback, capture and defend.The first world war elements are all there - bolt action rifles, hand guns, primitive hand grenades, mustard gas & gas masks, binoculars to spy the enemy position and calling up of mortar strikes. And the maps are full of mud, duckboards, sandbags, bomb craters and burnt out tanks and crashed bi-planes - truly desolate. The sound track is full of French and German commands and cries, with whistles alerting you to your officer's commands.It's a truly innovtive game and well worth a try. Do yourself a favour and buy the multi-pack and share the love."
76561198041567596,Recommended,242860,12250961,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,gregbeck15,"Verdun is a game for those who demand historical accuracy in their shooters. It is not made for fans of Modern Warfare or Battlefield. As a student of WWI history I enjoyed this game very much. Ever since the British update, Verdun has become one of my favorite shooters. The developers seem to be constantly hard at work fixing bugs and adding features, so Verdun has the potential to become even better."
,Recommended,242860,12252187,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,XerXes,"Awesome game with addition of the Tommies, Canadiens and Stosstruppen. The game went a long way, but its getting better and better."
,Recommended,242860,12455315,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,KyleBlackshift,I love Verdun its realstic and I have a ton of fun
,Recommended,242860,8792978,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Why_Not?,"This game really gives you a sense of what trench warfare really was, it gives you that sense of being  your class (Officer, sniper,etc,etc) and what you must do along side your team to achive victory.  overall a very team based game. Best recommend for hardcore fps players."
76561198018475422,Not Recommended,242860,17858626,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Sigmar's Heir,"Ensure a significant amount of players is playing in your region before buying this, I've been here since early access and considering the players in my region started to decrease dramatically at one point, I started going to the only populated servers at that time EU, and Americas. It was good despite my ping delaying everything I do for a few miliseconds - regular seconds, but once they added Ping limiting I could never play the game since then, if anyone shows up on my region it would be 2 - 4 players TOTAL, and that's on a week-end, when you expect the servers to be flooded."
,Recommended,242860,11790234,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Snuggles Please,"With a lot of the early Access games coming out I've noticed that it can be very difficult to judge progress within the given title. If you've only ever had the pleasure of seeing this game on steam, you may fall under this statement. Originally this was a browser based game and the amount of distance it has covered since then is substantial.Has it been polished to a shining gem capable of reflections? No, but its a great example of what the early access section is capable of; Marked improvement over the duration of its development. It has a lovely community, and the devs listen and provide feedback, covering issues the community sees as most important (bullet drop is a great example).The settings are great and immersive, bleak and unwelcoming. The gameplay is unique and really hits a niche with its first world war era backdrop. Charging trenches with grenades and bayonets, then defending against onslaughts of furious counter-attacks is thrilling.Now I do admitt, the price tag is a little steep, though it isnt to waste. This has the potential to be a great full release, and as of me writing at this moment, it WILL be a great title. Spend the money and help us make it that shining gem that reflects our gleaming smiles."
,Recommended,242860,18600385,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,将軍 UBW ピザ。,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw02WwiUD8QYou will understand everything there is to know about this game with the help of Motörhead.
76561198249839214,Recommended,242860,30291250,Posted: 3 March,all,salty fries,gave me ptsd
,Recommended,242860,12320149,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,AudibleSnorting,"The best WW1 game on the market, really i cant think of any others that can match this. Only problem i have with it is that it needs more gore, i want limbs in the trench and faces melting off from gas, and more blood, everywhere.   8/10 would be 9/10 if more gore*Edit*They added gore.Significantly improves game.9/10 as promised.With that thought in mind, might I also add that the devs are constantly patching this game and keeping it up to date, while also adding loads of new content. Very dedicated/active/helpful team that actually listens to their community."
,Recommended,242860,34869556,Posted: 10 September,all,Sakemonster,"A WW1 game with some issues, but highly enjoyable.4/5"
76561198039050385,Recommended,242860,15634648,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,clive warren,better servers than medieval 2
76561198127069228,Recommended,242860,33692427,Posted: 21 July,all,Comrade Hero Winterpunch,Spawned in the dark.In a cloud of mustard gas.Being enfiladed by an mg to my right.Was dismembered by a grenade before the mg got me.To steal a quote- a game for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s played by gentlemen.
,Recommended,242860,15631387,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,A rusty spoon,"Protip#1: work as a team one rifleman does Diddly, 5 squads now; that does a whole lotta diddlyProtip#2: your life is worthless dont be afraid to charge into fire if you hafta, so to simplify AFFIX BAYONETS AND CHARGE THE ENEMYProtip#3: a skilled and backed up Landser MG is a godamned force of nature"
76561198045737541,Not Recommended,242860,24113039,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Krunkleaf,"A real shame. The gameplay is excellent when it works and the atmosphere is brilliant. However the game is terribly optimised and I suffered frequent crashes, my longest stint of uninterrupted gameplay coming in at 23 minutes. After contacting the support team multiple times without answer I gave up and had steam refund me. Terribly disappointed."
76561198043583409,Not Recommended,242860,30314735,Posted: 4 March,all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,"Every time a team looses a trench,  a bunch of people on that team leave. Until they put in harsher penalties for one team having 4 more guys than the other, i cant reccomend this game.update: seems to no longer be so. now all they have to do is adress how entente sided this game is and it will be worth playing"
,Not Recommended,242860,30547175,Posted: 16 March,all,[1st TX.H] Pvt. Price.,"I purchased this game because I saw Seananners playing it and thought it would be cool. I played the free to play alpha onKongregate.combefore this had even come out and enjoyed that too.Biggest disappointment I've had in an age.The game is horrifyingly bad for a shooter game, and that's saying something. I've played some pretty bad shooter games in my day, including very, very old ones, but this one is genuinely awful. Coming off Red Orchestra 2's gun mechanics for bolt action rifles you realize how much of a dream it is in red orchestra compared to this. The controls feel stiff and jerky when you try to move around, like your character never quite does what you want, and at times even delaying your movements which is a huge red flag for a FPS shooter. The weapons have♥♥♥♥♥♥controls, iron sights you can barely see that zoom in slightly when you hold your breath, but for some reason your trained soldier can't control his breath for more than 3 seconds before he starts panting like a ragged dog. Reload time is ridiculous, and you can't reload while you move, meaning you have to sit still every time you need to reload, which often gets you killed, because even pistols in the game kill you in one hit. Every weapon in this game kills you immediately in one hit. The game promotes camping not limited to spawn camping because there is no spawn protection.But let's not forget the community. A game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun mechanics could still be fun and enjoyable if the community is nice, right?It's not.The community in this game is horrible and abhorrent, cursing and yelling in the chatbox 24/7 and only get worse if they realize there's a new player in the game. Many of the players either have superhuman vision or are capable of seeing you from the length of the entire map away, and seeing you clear enough to headshot you with a pistol. Yes I said pistol. You pop out of cover anywhere and you get headshotted before you can react because someone already knows you are there. You can't move anywhere. The Class system is broken and ineffective, leaving certain players unable to do anything properly because some idiot is the NCO telling you do defend your spawn while dropping mortar rounds on top of friendly troops.Vet players blame ""newbs"" for all their problems in this game.97 players online in the main game mode. It's safe to say the community for this game is dead, possibly worse than Heroes and Generals, since when I played that, it only had 250 people active on the server.I refunded this game as quickly as I could, and hopefully never have to experience an overhyped mess like this ever again."
76561198067856595,Recommended,242860,28905236,Posted: 1 January,all,✠ Kaiser ✠,Better than Battlecrap 1.
,Not Recommended,242860,20789791,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,oMoH31,Don't buy it. Still unfinished.
,Not Recommended,242860,28407837,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ThatGuyReed,"While this game is good in idea, it's not good. The main gamemode, Frontlines, is aweful for the sole reason that no form of matchmaking exists at all. This means that the vetreans (lvl 100, played the game, knows the balistic physics) are mixed with the new players. Rifle Deathmatch has horrible maps. The game wants you to use cover and logic to manuver through the battlefield, but you can't do that when the map is this flat, open wasteland with one place people always go. I haven't played TDM, but I'm certain it has the same issue as Frontlines. Finally, the wave defense is bad. The AI are garbage and often get stuck or just plain aren't on the map, making it, in some situations, literally impossible to win a wave. Oh, and the voice chat is aweful, don't even try to use it, noone does.The devs would have to add some form of matchmaking or level restriction for games so people don't fight those way above their skill level, fix the voice chat and make the good maps outnumber the bad ones"
76561197982799347,Not Recommended,242860,19259748,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Yar,"Short version: very poor optimisation ruins the game for many people.I come to Verdun from Red Orchestra 2, Operation Flashpoint (2001) and ARMA (1-2). If you enjoy these games you will love the gameplay of Verdun. It is more realistic than Red Orchestra 2, slower and more unforgiving, but more casual than ARMA which is good. I will keep it short: if the game would run how it should I would give it a thumbs up - but it does not at all. It stutters from 70fps to 8fps and back every few seconds now [25.11.2015]. So if you are in the middle of a trench combat it can screw your gameplay completely. This stuttering is permanent and probably for everyone. Many people in the forum and the game complain about this issue, even people on powerful machines. The reason is probably some bad written code. The game is not in early access anymore and because of that I can not forgive this, if I knew about these issues I would have not bought it at all. Great idea - badly realised. For now I go back to Red Orchestra 2 and hope that the developers will take it seriously and fix the heavy performance issues. When it is done I am willing to return and give it another try. Stay away from this now or buy it with this in your mind.Added flaws that I have found:There is also no way to refill your ammunition, nor a way to pick up weapons from dead friends or foes. When you use normal rifles that is seldom a problem, but there are classes that use a machine pistol or only grenades with a melee weapon. A machine pistol user is an attacking class and runs out of ammo very fast, that means once you used your 4 or 5 magazines you are left with the weak melee attack of it until you die. And that happens immediately, since chances to survive in a 1-shot-1-kill game with a melee weapon are zero. The same goes for the class that uses 5 grenades and a melee weapon - once the 5 grenades are gone you will die pretty fast and you will not be able to take a rifle from somebody. I see it as a clear design flaw that is breaking my immersion in the game.One point that is not so important for the gameplay, but for immersion, is that the ingame interface looks very modern and like from 2003. Something could be done about it, making it look atmospheric, using old maps instead of this red/green gps radar.At the default settings there is a crosshair (!) turned on. I switched it off immediately since I think that it is not compatible with a realistic game, but other players might let it on and probably have an advantage because of it. I dont know how precise shooting from the hip with the crosshair is.The animation for throwing grenades is very bad. I like the one in Red Orchestra 2 much better, since it is easier to estimate the throwing strength and distance. In Verdun it looks and feels very unnatural and I have difficulties estimating the distances right. Check youtube videos for it.The players I saw were pretty passive about teamplay. Nobody was ever talking on a microphone, people are mostly running around and doing their thing. Maybe it is because of the many new players coming from the sale. But what I saw is this: there is a great squad teamplay implementation that forces you to become a member of one squad all the time, but the people in this squads are not really working together. I had difficulties calling for help when we were flanked a few times. I was sitting alone on the right side of the trench, the other guys all on the left and not listening. Maybe I am doing something wrong, have to figure it out. But thats not the fault of the developers and can happen in every game.This game is still in beta, folks."
,Recommended,242860,22135972,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DarkLames,"I played this game for 4 hours straight and didn't even realize it and I feel like that's a good sign. It's addictive, tacticle and very different from most FPS games in terms of how the conflict works, not so much the gunplay. Also it's really active and frequently updated. I recommend buying this game if you want something you intend on playing for a long time."
,Recommended,242860,13702067,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dancing Terrapin,Great game! The devs have put tons of time into it. In the last 3 weeks the game has taken GIANT leaps. I'm always looking forwards to playing the game. I will have many hours of fun with the game. Can't wait for a final product! Dev please don't leave us like Day-z dev did.Edit: Final product released!!Oh my god the game plays so much better! It's amazing to see the difference from about 6 months ago to now.
76561198044400135,Recommended,242860,22819470,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,"Chuck Schumer ""Bullet-Proof""",10/10-Not the stylized nightmare WWI that we all think about-Doughboys-Rifles with laser accuracy-You will die-Flamethrower wins-You will die-Feure auf diese coordenaten-Run in zig zag-Still get shot no matter what so just run in straight line instead-I will keep playing this game because i dunno
76561198249780414,Recommended,242860,21091124,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Leroy Sinclair,Verdun is a very challenging yet rewarding game. If your a fan of insurgency and want a world war 1 realistic game then this is it.
,Recommended,242860,24854738,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Admiral Kirk,Gameplay 9/10Atmosphere 8/10Music 7/10Graphics 8/10Replayability 8/10A solid 8/10 very fun and well made world war 1 muliplayer FPS.
76561198154260957,Recommended,242860,12704840,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,OxonOwl,This game is very entertaining and I am having a great time playing it
,Recommended,242860,13061360,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dosenkohl,"Excellently made, especially by only 3 people. The gameplay is smooth (apart from bugs here and there) and the whole experience is dynamic."
,Recommended,242860,16450787,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Behemoth,"Being a WW1 enthousiast this game is realy epic. It has awesome graphics and a great steady playerbase. It also provides you with the possibility to switch between EU, US, AU and Japan servers in case you're part of the world is going to sleep :-)Pro:- Graphics- Battlefields that feel totally legit- Giant battles- Squad systemCon:- Some small glitches and bugs here and there. Not too annoying for the in game experience."
76561198025310676,Recommended,242860,12686799,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,'+'Faurwks,"Simply the first review I have given. I've played this game for some 40 hours as I write this and consider myself competent.The game is based on squads, each squad with different roles and different weapons which is supposed to give each squad advantages and disadvantages. There are ofcourse desirable roles and undesirable but it is quite fair and you get a share of both. It is ofcourse set in ww1 with authentic weapons and trenches as well as uniforms and it is well balanced.The game is as of currents still in Beta but I must honestly say, I haven't had higher expectations for a game. There are obvious fault I remember when gas (which is awesome) came out it was bulletproof, this like many other bugs are quickly fixed and new updates are added frequently.The objectives of the game is to simply capture the enemy position and push them out of the map or have the most points when the time runs out. Points are given for succesfull conquest of trenches and objectives.In short: If you like FPS, Multiplayer(Not any singlerplayer choice here) and WW1 this is the game for you.Pros and cons.Pros+Authentic and well balanced.+Teamplay encouraged and often used.+Frequent updates and fixes.Cons-Glitchy and bugs (Game is in Beta)"
,Recommended,242860,8825613,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Sir Bedevere of Camelot,"Great game, Sniper scope is rather buggy though (It's in Beta, so it's expected), but overall it's a fun FPS. It also tends to have some lag issues, but it's not that bad."
,Recommended,242860,15287431,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,the Large Cow™,"The game is amazing. The amount of thought and care the developers put into this game is admirable. They have a weekly blog where they communicate with fans, and are a breath of fresh air when it comes to video game dev's. Since I started playing the game has gone through many changes, most recently the Horrors of War expansion pack, which nearly doubled the amount of content in the game for  no cost at all.Gameplay:The game works by having 2 teams of 16, separated into 4 squads of 4. Each squad member has a specific role and a choice of 3 loadouts that contour to those roles with a unique type of offmap support for each of the NCOs to use.. There are a few kinds of Squads as well: Theres the basic infantry squad consisting of an NCO, Marksman, Machinegunner and Grenadier. These squads are the British Tommies, French Poilus, American Doughboys, and German Lansers. Theres also Raider squads, Reconnaissance squads, Heavy Defending squads and Specialist squads. The Raiders are the Canadians and Stosstruppen who use Gas attacks, Recons are the French Chausseurs Alpin and the German Alpenjaeger who use Air support. Defending squads are the Belgians and german Schutze who use precision heavy mortars. the Specialists are the USMC who use 30-06 French Chauchats and the M1897 Trench Gun, and the German Pioneers who use the Flamethrower and both call in Smokescreens and White Phosphorous attacks.Game modes:the Frontlines gamemode where the above mentioned set up is in play, and each team starts either defending a trenchline or going over the top to the enemy  trench line and the objective is to take or hold the trench, and if captured to defend against counter attacks.Rifle Deathmatch is a free for all mode where you choose a rifle and attachments and just play free for all.Attrition is a TDM that uses the squad system.And squad Coop  is when you enlist in a pals battalion with you and your friends and hold a trenchline against waves of attackers.I could go on even more than already on this game. I highly reccommend it especially for history buffs. The game definitely deserves 10/10"
76561198065340914,Recommended,242860,22010991,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Conrad lord of the penguins,"It truly is one-of-a-kind game, best ww1 shooter in the world.this may have to do with the fact that this is the only ww1 shooter."
76561198024735888,Recommended,242860,22095489,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Spyder,"A shining example of a games developer who loves what they've made and want to continually improve on it. The only downside to this game is the lack of people online. The latest patch added a co-op vs bots mode is a good solution to the lack of players but ultimately, a full team deathmatch server is when this game is in its prime.This game is not for the weak hearted. Early in the game you will probably die 5 times (or more) without a kill. You will die to artillery as soon as you spawn. You will get your head blown off for just peaking over the trench. If you survive no-mans land and make it to the trench you'll probably die as soon as you get inside. This game is not easy but I think it rewards you enough to get over the pain along the way."
76561198014200606,Recommended,242860,22117727,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Concert,"ALRIGHT, so first things first, I have played this game since the day it arrived for a cheap price of $12. Now its $30.Is it worth $30? HELL YEAH."
76561198014864032,Recommended,242860,16361330,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,confused1227,"This game is god damn hard, one shot kills, people using MG's to mow down attacking waves with one clip, artillery strikes killing half your team, and LONG as hell runs through no-mans-land... But I can't recommend this game any more! it's almost nonstop action!It does have a vague class system that most people don't know how to get the new weapons for the class, but that's what Google's for, right? (also it should be noted that I didn't play the tutorial). So far the community is good, and lots of people call out enemy positions in side chat, though most people are afraid to use the squad VOIP."
76561198012685076,Recommended,242860,15443867,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Jupiter,Great combat game! But I wish they fixed the keybinding problem.
,Recommended,242860,12696234,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ФGoat.JunkiesФ,this game really stands out from other FPS. trench warfare is really well represented here.
,Recommended,242860,21572856,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,magyarodrígs,"Great game, it shows how was the WW1 with a very realistic form, finally I can play a good Great War game on pc."
76561198042139956,Recommended,242860,21377692,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Magamemnon,Absolutely fantastic. End stop.
,Recommended,242860,21546584,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[TG] Saultyevil,"If you want WW1 trench combat, this is basically the only game you can get. Thankfully it's a good game. Classes feel mostly balanced and maps are mostly decent. There are obviously good maps and bad maps. The majority of the maps are good but some are still absolute stinkers (looking at you Fort Douaumont). Verdun feels mostly finished, but there are some things still missing such as only the British character models have gask masks, missing sounds, iffy netcode, reload animations don't sync with audio.. etc. It's all nit-picky stuff, apart from the netcode issue. The core gameplay is bug free and solid and I can only suggest a couple of improvements (i.e. one I really want is having an indicatior if your bolt isn't positioned correctly since the gun model always has a closed bolt even if the game thinks the bolt is open).I've been playing Verdun on both Windows and Linux and as expected, performance is utter trash on Linux. Maybe with some tweaking and better drivers the game will perform better, but bad performance is a common theme for me and games in Linux. Crashes are extremely frequent on Linux but I've never experienced a crash on Windows 10."
16481747177618051,Recommended,242860,23673743,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[50thGA.A]Rct.Gibbs,Very well made game i love it i can spend over 1000 hours on it if only it had some good muisc and every  time you got by a bomb u didnt have to wait 25 seconds to respawn thats what has put me off the game maybe only 10 seconds respawn?
,Recommended,242860,17169397,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Light-Knight,"Good game, very addictive and fun. One or two problems with the matchmaking as sometimes I get chucked into a game with 3 or 4 players. Put that aside and you get a fun, team-based action game. I say team-based because if you go running out on your own you're basically mincemeat my friend. It has an amazing immersion factor with the gas and the artillery coming in, bullets swerving past you, people dying. I would Recommend this game to anyone interested in WW1, or a fan of team-based games. DO NOT BUY IT IF YOU DON'T LIKE DYING, seriously you will cry."
76561198203775600,Recommended,242860,16516298,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,me,"Game is worth every penny. Best FPS game out right now.Fun gameplay and decent size community buy it I want to see this game get more popular.Seriously if you like counter-strike, cod, battlefield and are bored of those games this is for you!Don't play if all you want is to run n gun, then this game is not for you.If you enjoy playing as a team and somewhat strategically then this game is the perfect game for you.Great shooting and very balanced. pure fun.Not true of dying every other second, maybe the first 2 games but what game isnt like that? i average about 5 minute without dying nearly every game.Also not true about constant lag, there are few players i see lag and i blame that on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ harware/internet"
,Recommended,242860,21417237,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,[HB] Karma ♞,"Really exciting take on WWI and the whole FPS idea as a whole. The game makes sense with in a few rounds, and has immediate playability, and the development of classes/weapons is fair and interesting to progress through. Maps are HUGE and leave a lot of options as to how to decide which way to go about attacking/where you want to set up defenses."
76561198211672824,Recommended,242860,16366815,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,how ye doin,"Verdun is a game about front-line combat, and shooting down anything that moves. That's what makes this game stand out. I love this game, because of it's simple purpose and gameplay. There are 2 gamemodes, one of which is front-line territory capture based combat, and the other is a rifle deathmatch, a free-for-all. Squad customisation is a great feature, there's a large array of weapons, and Verdun offers a realistic WW1 experience. There is 1 thing i had a problem with, and that is the friend-only squadrons. I invited a friend to my sqaud, and he accepted the invite. I waited nearly 45 minutes in the same location in game waiting for him to join, as he was stuck on the ""joining game"" screen for a long time, before i gave up and we played seperate games. So please, if this is fixed, this will be the best.game.ever."
,Recommended,242860,11503117,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Spazz6768 [SGT Sodomy],"I personally recommend this game.Pros:-Eight varied classes with different perks and loadouts that can be unlocked through level progression.-Very engrossing depiction of trench warfare.-Great squad based gameplay.  Friends only make it better.Cons:-Hit detection can go to♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes.-Spawn system is a little wonky.-Barbed wire is rediculously deadly.  Seriously, is my guy swallowing handfuls of it whenever he finds some?Interesting:-I now fear the sound of a friendly officer's whistle.So turn up ""Paschendale"" by Iron Maiden and commit atrocities upon your fellow man."
76561197993026278,Recommended,242860,15619556,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,X1Viper,"I've always said that someone should make a gritty, realistic WWI FPS combat game. And here it is finally! Buy this game, it's worth it. Also, I changed my steam avatar to something WWI because of this game."
,Recommended,242860,11294791,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,jonuno,"Good to finally see a WW1 fps, this seems to be specially aimed for a niche so I would recommend the devs to bet on details for the historical realism and other factors of major importance such as weather and battlefield (i.e.: wind and mud were hugely influencial). Great game for coop with a small group of friends (4) as the platoons have their own class and the mechanics forces you to stay with your leader or you automatically get shot for desertion (thumbs up for this). In the future I would like to see the introduction of other army groups (scottish, portuguese, etc) some artillery play, horses, chemicals, dogs, mark I tanks, and other goodies. But also important not to overload and stay niche and realistic, focusing on trench ambience too (I would like to see trenches that would make you feel like you dont wanna be there, darker, tighter, deeper, smellier with shattered muddy/bloody corpses with human rejects and lots of flies and the random mice).CONS:-Sync... which ruins everything but hope it gets fixed.-Matchmaking. Being on a battle with 1 vs 12 is ridiculous. Also extending the capacity of numbers of players in battlefield would feel closer to the actual events.-The ammount of bullets you take to battle is ridiculously unreal."
76561198072649925,Recommended,242860,9444688,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,kd363,Really great game. A solid FPS and fufills a need for unique WW1 game.
,Recommended,242860,15680600,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Lord Gary Braun,"Well, I have a potato of a system and this game does quite well with a killer 20FPS. This is one of the best games I have ever played, by far. This should be sent to EA, to show them how a real game is made. BUY THIS GAME PLEASE JUST BUY IT!*******************************************EDIT***********************************************************************So, know that I have an amazing system I run this game at Ultra settings with over 100 FPS, when I was in the menu screen I was getting are 266 FPS. This game is still fantastic in all of it's glory. BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,242860,23690567,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Reverand Dipass,"I highly recommend this game. The realism to what WWI was actually like is astounding. The trenches and artillery, not to mention the gore. It has a couple of game types but the main one is fairly accurate to what trench attacks were like. This game is far better than battlefield 1 and is worth every cent."
,Recommended,242860,8164197,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,charles stiles,"For many years I have always thought as to why no one has made a WW1 FPS. Well I'm sure there must have been one somewhere but must not have been big like this one.This game is in BETA at the moment however is showing many promising signs.With a graphics update, a reduction in lag and more weapon options this will be an awesome game!It was relaxing compared to most FPS as it was a slower pace due to the bunker to bunker fighting style along with the fact your tasked with attacking or defending which is switched every so often.I would happily sit down after a long day to relax with some music or youtube while playing this!"
76561198074199653,Recommended,242860,17273701,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,~{1E}~ḾαᶉΐŋěḈᵰҏτ,"It's the best game I have ever played on steam!, keep them coming."
,Recommended,242860,16626146,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Prodigy,Verdun (pronounced Verdan) is a WW1 FPS Action Game. in my personnal review i really recommend this game to other users the gameplay is a BIG 10/10 & the graphics is very well done after it's big visual improvement and i also think this game should add more things to get the game at a better standpoint.
,Recommended,242860,22262571,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ben-Oni The Baka-Gaijin,this is the game for campers if you like camping this game is for you
76561198127879987,Recommended,242860,16680297,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SpectruM,"After the first hour I thought this game sucked, I even tried to return it. After steam denied my refund (I purchased a 4 pack and gave one away so it could not be refunded) I gave out the copies I had left and tried playing again. I have since changed my opinion, its a great game if you have friends to play with. Even if you dont it can be fun.NOTE: You will die.....A lot...."
76561198139551893,Recommended,242860,15730916,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Bobby Lee,"good ww1 game, you get the same experience with gas attacks,heavy artillery,and many other factors but you cant really go wrong with this one bullet your dead so move with your team and go any further you get executed a good way to introduce team work to people who are not use to it."
76561198144640255,Recommended,242860,30531847,Posted: 15 March,all,Palps,"An amazing game. Graphics are spectactular. Gore is great. The game gives hours of fun with the different factions, classes and weapons."
,Recommended,242860,13086487,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Beer chuggin Hooligan,I like it.it be good.i cant play it.it crash.
76561198202209700,Recommended,242860,24584059,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Alburt,"Alright, here goes another review.I like this game. It is immersive, besides a few glitches here and there, but still pretty cool. I am going to steer clear of the word simulator though.The variations of squads is cool. You have squads for punching through the line, squads for recon, squads for clearing out the trenches. Along with these squads comes with a variation of rifles, pistols, grenades, and equipment. Some of these squads also have Machine gun units as well as Sub Machine gun units. Very nice.The uniforms are nice too. They look worn just as they would after a battle.Although this game is pretty good, it is no where near perfect. In fact, it almost seemes like the devs abandoned the PC version of this game and went in search for gold in the new world of next gen consoles. I'm not sure if I can entirely recomend this game for PC but it seems okay for the next gen.Keep in mind, this is my opinion, and I think the game is good. If you enjoy war games that immerse you as this one does, then you should get it, though I would recomend geting it on a sale. Hope I catch you in game!"
,Recommended,242860,17355306,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,setgar,"Verdun is a great game that hits that sweet spot between realism and annoying ease. The squad system makes the game unique and encourages you to build relationships with the people you're playing with. Unlike most FPS games, there's a lot of patience and tactics that go into attacking AND defending, and if you don't like to wait around, you may not like this game. However, if you have a group of friends who enjoys squad play, this is a great game to get.The biggest downside to the game is the lack of player base; I would also like to see some different game modes, and I hope to see those in the future. At $22, it's a fair price. On sale, it's a steal."
,Recommended,242860,15525945,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Beech,"Fun game, my only complaint is that its seems a bit unrealistic but thats the nature of the players and not so much the game"
76561198098146834,Recommended,242860,13733519,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Raining Blood,"Verdun is absolutely amazing for an alpha. The game demonstrates trench warfare perfectly, while the whistle blows I'd hop over the trench and charge the enemy under machine gun fire. Once in the trench, the enemy would drop gas and I'd put my gas mask on. Then my squad and I would take the trench and prepare to charge for the next one. It makes me feel like I'm actually there. This game is entirley unique because, sadly, there are barely any fps set in WW1 out right now. Some cons about the game are the fps. I have a high-end gaming rig and I still manage to get 20-40 fps depending on the map. I know this is still in alpha but I'd like it fixed. Some things I'd like to see in the game are aerial dogfights, and more gore. I think it would look awesome to look up and see planes firing at eachother. But I would definetly like to see more blood and gore the most. It would be more immersive to be pinned down in a blood filled with guts flying everywhere, considering how brutal and rutheless WW1 was. Overall, I do recommend this game in it's current state. I'm sure the devs will fix the fps issue and add more content later on. I rate 8/10."
76561198100897427,Recommended,242860,30480232,Posted: 12 March,all,-UF- Specter,Start GameJoin as Squad LeaderGroup up with 2 members of my squadBefriend Squad MembersHold Line against many attacksOther teammate joins usContinue to hold trenchAbout to shoot enemy grenadierTeammate gets shotI freeze up trying to figure out what just happenedGrenadier throws grenadeWe try to get out of the area to avoid grenadeGrenade explodesThe body of my teammate flies past meI turn around to see the other one missing both of his legsHes screaming as he diesI try to comfort him in his final momentsGerman jumps in trenchI shoot himTeammate finally diesI look out of the trenchSees grenadier againGrenadier throws grenadeShoots grenadierGrenade lands at my feetI stand thereGrenade explodesI dieWar is Hell
,Recommended,242860,8207160,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[71st] Wastee,"Must get game. Hours of fun with friends, I could play this all day!"
76561198045017202,Recommended,242860,12822164,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Trube,"great game for a beta. gets better with every update. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes first person shooters or the historical era, as the game is very accurate."
,Recommended,242860,17524319,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,xXninja_manXx,This WW1 FPS shooter is a very unique game the style of gameplay with the slow trench warfare of Attack waves and Defense waves the constant fear of being shot when you go over it all mixes together to make a great action pack game that is unqiue and fun in it's own way.
,Recommended,242860,17111192,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Yeager-Bombed,"It's not very much do you see a video game for WWI. If you enjoy the Red Orchestra series you will enjoy Verdun, if you   aren't familiar with the style of gameplay it won't take too long getting used to. Although there are some bugs in-game it's work-in-progress, like for example registering hits on an enemy can sometimes not work but not too much to where it handicaps gameplay. Great graphics, scenery, I get pretty immersed into it. All in all, it's a great game."
,Recommended,242860,17212808,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Bardargar,One of the best world war one games out there. Great battle mechanics. Each battle lasts 25 minutes. Authentic weponry. Great shooter. Played for hours. Be the germans. 12/10
,Recommended,242860,20613274,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,LordSalt,One of my all time favorite shooters.
,Recommended,242860,14071054,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Soup,"Only real choice in a WW1 game, it's beta, still has a little ways to go, with some optimization of the graphics it will be a easy 9/10, 10/10, because nobody else seems to have the balls to make a historically accurate WW1 shooter, nobody seems to want to touch WW1 at all.. If you dont have fat cash, or just always wanted to fight in the gas filled trenchs of france, look no further, FIX BAYONETS AND OVER THE TOP BOYS!"
76561198094239808,Recommended,242860,21725865,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Vertecz -F1AK-,"Ill get right to it, Verdun is a solid game with great gameplay mixed in with a little bit of history.Pros:- Accurate environments- Extremely satisfying gunplay- Tactical classes such as the officer- Intense fights- Great teamplay due to certain game mechanics- There is NO other game like it, this makes it incredibly uniqueCons:- Sometimes it can be hard to find a populated server in your area. There are times when servers are full (night) and empty (mid day)Overall i would recommend Verdun for most people, it is great for casual players, gunplay is incredibly solid, teamplay like no other game and can be very intense. Also if you are interested the historical information on the loading screens is quite interesting to read."
,Recommended,242860,21280744,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Ponyprinses,Verdun is by far one of the best games I ever played. After all the modern and ww2 first person shooters the ww1 setting is very refreshing and works surprisingly well for the genre. The core gameplay is very solid and especially with some friends to fill a squad it can be enjoyed for manny manny hours. The gameplay feels pretty realistic and really gives you the feeling you'r in the middle of the first world war. Maps are well designed and guns feel really good and well balanced. The squad system really brings a deeper level to the gameplay as each member has a different role with different weapons and it rewards teamwork in a great way. I never felt as good winning a game as I did when we took that final trench.Totally worth my money.10/10.
76561198109049384,Recommended,242860,16486258,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Matty,"I love it, Verdun is one of the few games out there where you experience the horrors of WWI. Nowadays it's all futuristic and♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you enjoy history, check this out."
76561198059087155,Recommended,242860,22084943,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,zCaptain,One game can last 5 hours.Got traumatized.Was worth it
76561198005321142,Recommended,242860,15200333,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Federz,"Fun and plays really well but is slow paced if there is not a full server. There needs to be bots to bolster the numbers missing in a server, 8 on 8 in WW1 isn't that enjoyable. Other than that if your a Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm fan you'll definately enjoy this and feel right at home. Interested to see how this game turns out later down the track."
76561198018793612,Recommended,242860,16465219,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ragnar,"Very good game! If you like WW1 and WW2 games then, indeed, suggest to buy and try out this game.+realestic+game engine+beautiful graphics+nice game sounds+atmosphere (cool)+good playabilityThis is First World War FPS game. I recommend!!!"
76561197973779918,Recommended,242860,16459666,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ronnic,"I love WW1 and am really surprised there aren't more games that involve it.  This game attempts to mimic the style of battle the best it can.  This isn't the type of FPS where you can just bunny hop through the trenches, get 7 kills and call in a helicopter.  You run out in no mans land blindly, odds are you will die.  Odds are, you will have no f'ng clue where the bullet came from.  So, you respawn and maybe act a little more cautiously.  You start hiding in your trench peering out for movement.  The enemies are hard to see since the landscape of no mans land is desolate.  The battlefields look like they've been shelled to hell and your only cover is usually a shell hole when you aren't running around in the trench system either attacking or defending.  You occasionally get a gas attack and have to fight with a mask on which gives very limited vision.They have improved the graphics a bit and they look ok.  movement animations are stuff.  Audio is ok, pretty basic.  I like this game more for the experience of fighting in 1917, rather than the beauty and detail.  Verdun was grim and so is this game.  I think it would be cool for the dead to stay on the map.  Apart from more updates to graphics, etc.  I wish there was more shelling and maybe some sort of effect on the player if near a blast.  Just to make it a little more realistic.  Great game if you love history and WW1, others looking for a more arena stlye death match should probably keep moving.  I would also like to commend the developers on a job well done."
,Recommended,242860,24931859,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TheLemonGuy,"So what is verdun? Well, for starters, its a ww1 infantry fps game, that mainly focuses on so called ""trench warfare"".And just to make it clear if it already wasent, when i say its trench warfare, and is a infantry fps game, i mean just that, there are no vehicels or any thing of the sort. The only thing that exists out side of the players equipment that it can use (like grenades,rifles and melee for example, that are directly used by the player), is the artillery strike which one (or more, i cant remember if there are mulitible classes that can do so) of the classes can call.The game is very immersive, and fairly true to the real thing (at least compared to video game standards), and all of the factions in the game, do actually use the rifles, pistols etc, that were used and manufactured by them. So the british use the lee enfield, and the germans use the .98 mauser for example. Which is to be expected from a historical game, but either way its in there.And as i mentioned before... The characthers are divided in to diffrent classes in small squads (kind of like in bf, but here the classes can only be occupied by one person at a time). and these classes have diffrent types of weaponry and perks to them, for example the grenadier can have up to four grenades on him, but then maybe just a little pistol as a primary, or you can be a machinegunner mowing down your enemys with for example a large lewis gun.The game has two game mods one which is basically just team deathmatch, so jsut running around in a trench and blasting eachother away, and then there is the bread and butter mode of the game. Which is a bit similar to almost something a bit like ""Rush"" form the battlefield franchies, but not really at all, but a nudge. But what you do is that either you start by attacking, which consits of you jumping out of your muddy, stinking, comforteble little trench and run out in to the ""no mans land"" and try to survive and take your self to the otehr side and then capture the enemys trench. Which is a lot easier said than done. And then if you succed in taking the trench, there will be a enemy counter attack, where the enemy try to take back their old trench through the same procedure as the attackers did.And here sadly the game starts lacking....The game is otherwise fairly well balanced and well patched at least i cant actually remeber myself rnning in to bugs while i played it).But the gameplay it self really lacks. Why? 1# the game is trying to be a realistic ww1 infantry shooter, and let me ask you, do you think it was very fun storming a trench? The answer is no. Most die, and so will you, over and over and over again, getting sniped by a sniper you dont see or mowed down by a mg, or maybe you get killed by morter, or maybe even gas if you dont throw on your gas mask quick enough. And when you finally think: ""oh my god, im so close, i can even hear those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. And soon i will get my revenge for them killing me 30 times, and i will teabag them so much that from here on out they will be reminded of this very momnet"". but then, you and your friend that are all cramped up in a little crater/foxhole, get blown up by one single well placed hand grenade.And the game is just really redundant to, because its the same thing over and over again, and the enviorment might change abit, but the experince is generally the same.And the combat isent to god either, since its really quite clunky, and grenade spammy once you get into the trench, and it mostly comes down to who is camping in the best spot.2# some of the classes are quite similar, which also contributes to the repetetiv nature of the game.I dont know what to say really, like the game has really lacking gameplay, but then again, its a almost one of a kind game, and there is not really any other game that offers the same experince. In the end maybe it isent really a bad game, just a game that wants to be historically accurate, and at the same time try to make one ofthe most brutal wars ever seen, feel enjoyble.But this is my opinion on the matter, are you just a general fan of fps games? You might want to skip this one. But if you are a person that wants to experince trench warfare, and a historically accurate game, and is generally intrested in history (specificly the first world war), then this is probably the best game to date to potray that.So the review will be positive, because its a game that offers a experince that almost no fps games do, and i to be honset cant come up with something like it that ive seen.Conclusion: The game has a very atmospheric feel to it and is well crafted immersive experince and can be quite fun at times when you get a equal amount of both sides of the gameplay that is offerd, that being to trench warfare, and the very intense and very punishing gameplay of the no mans land. A very unique game, But as most unique things, it is not for everyone."
76561198040890825,Recommended,242860,24286242,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Catchstorm,"Oh ♥♥♥♥, I know what my great-parents feel like now. PTSD ftw"
,Recommended,242860,15605411,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Моджо Джоджо,"A great game. I play Red Orchestra 2 as well, but this is a really good ww1 version of it, although there are a lot of different aspects between the games it still makes for a fun tactical experience."
,Recommended,242860,15662241,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Salty Jim,I have had this game for a long time and have seen how much it has improved since initial release. Fun to play and looks fantastic! Worth every penny.
76561198137169693,Recommended,242860,23756742,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sokushi,"Pretty good game, fun to play and enjoyable, you only have to understand how it works in the beginning pretty hard during the first 20mins to maybe an hour but after this it's pure magic"
76561198055984280,Recommended,242860,21973620,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SplicedMights,"Probably the best WWI game on the market right now, loads of fun to play although some classes can be very similar because the historical weapons didn't consist of much variation. Definitely would pick this one up if you don't mind the early skill gap, there aren't many fps that are like this one right here, a refreshing break from regular run n' gun-like games."
76561198109365638,Recommended,242860,21980023,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Jaco,"Awesome game, easy and fun to play, you get used to it really fast, only downside is the occasional spawn locations, it happens from time to time that you spawn right next to an enemy. Would love to see more armies like the Us army and the russians."
,Recommended,242860,19147411,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Λndroid994,This game is awesome!
76561197964674198,Recommended,242860,23748831,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ttacx,Revived my love for the fps genre. Thanks computer game 5*
,Recommended,242860,16301063,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Legion,"One of the best pure FPS games that has come out in a long time. It is especially great once you join a dedicated squad, clan, or have a good group of friends. WW1 is a genre which the game industry has yet to exploit. Verdun is an outstanding game and could be the first of many"
76561198117818662,Recommended,242860,16320603,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Trigger_Madness,"Eh your first few games you might go into it thinking you can rambo your way to victory, not happening.After you realize this is no Call of Duty, you will improve your survivability drastically, its a great game.Work with your team and move cover to cover, and no bum rushing does not work in this game.10.25/10 Would single handedly rush 10 enemies again."
76561198023740151,Recommended,242860,19139055,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,LongDongHomie209,pretty much the only WW1
,Recommended,242860,22857971,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Utherix,"A good approach to a WW1 game. It just works. And, it isn't filled with nonsense DLC. Red Orchestra for WW1."
76561198073158496,Recommended,242860,24280976,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Daddy Kush,Verdun is an impressive realistic game rich in fast trenchwarfare stylegameplay i love the 1 hit on kills on a rifle everyting is balanced looks good and performs well the community is awesome as well this is an amzing ww1 shooter
,Recommended,242860,25214039,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,EliteCephalopod,"Although I have only played this game for a little bit, THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS. The trenches feel so alive and the secnes although horrific are breathtaking (literally because you might be in the gas). I absouletly reccomend this game it is alot of fun. If you cannot wait for BF1 and need a game to satisfy the splendors of WWI and trench warfare this is your game. SOmetimes it might feel like people are cheating because you peek through a hole and boom you're done, that is not the case, I've caught people trough crevisis and trust me it is really rewarding. Long distant shots are difficult to make but not impossible also rewarding. If you like running and gunning you will be shot down instantly. This game you must have patience and prepare to hid in a ditch like a scared dog because bullets are flying anywhere. This game stays true to its form as basically everything is a one shot."
76561198042144456,Recommended,242860,17275301,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ASadSine,A jolly fun game where you die multiple times and suck at it for many hours but after a while you start to get better.... so yeah...
76561197984192348,Recommended,242860,23773471,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheBlackfish,"The game is very similar to Red Orchestra II, as it consists of holding and attacking cap points within the game. It is also similar in its realism. One shot with a bolt action rifle will kill you, while the game makes you reload each individual bullet into your rifles. It's not fast paced like BF or Call of Duty, this game is much more realistic and hardcore. It's unforgiving, relentless, but very rewarding if you have the patience to learn the maps, work together as a team, and figure out the different weapons.Right now there are eight maps on Frontlines, which is the main game mode where you attack and defend positions. There are several squads to choose from, such as Americans, Canadians, Belgians or French. Each squad has its own unique classes such as sharpshooters or machinegunners. Weapon upgrades can be unlocked using experience points gained within the game.I highly recommend this game. It's a good alternative to arcade shooters like Battlefield or Call of Duty, and essentially the only WWI shooter out right now. 10/10 would WWI again."
76561198122197379,Recommended,242860,12836769,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,cryptic_bacon,"Wow. This game is truly amazing. While it may have some graphical and sound errors, along with a couple buggy animations here and there, it is still a one of a kind first person shooter. Mustard gas, bolt action rifles, machine guns, mortar strikes, trenches. Everything that you'd want from a WWI shooter. It's a great game and I want people to support it so it can get even better."
76561198093667344,Recommended,242860,31727863,Posted: 13 May,all,CraigTheTurtle,This is a brilliant ww1 gameBuy itAnd FIX BAYONETS
,Recommended,242860,16870617,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Karl,10/10 this game will give you PTSD
,Recommended,242860,11458614,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,AoZain,"Miserable, muddy, full of barbed wire, didn't see the guy who shot me, ended up stuck on the wire.  The perfect game."
76561198058116626,Recommended,242860,25308463,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,AtlasIndigo1,"I seriously think Verdun is one of the best multiplayer games ever made.As someone who has been in constant search for the perfect WW1-era game, and after being completely disappointed by some weird, meek attempts (looking at you, Necrovision, Darkest of Days, and yes, Battlefield 1, as it is definitely too CoD for me), my prayers have finally been answered. Verdun is a game which packs a serious hell of a punch, plunging deeply into all-out trench warfare. Without holding back for the mainstream public, which sadly only wishes for 360-noscope kills across the map with an EMP rifle while jetpacking, Verdun boldly says 'no' to that by creating a perfect game environment with the main mode, Trench Warfare. Wave after wave, trying to push and defend the trenches which were so bloodily conquered, you truly feel like a Great War soldier.Never has a game made me so glad to follow orders. Verdun rewards you for being patient, disciplined and brave. Some of the best stories in all my years of multiplayer gaming come from this game, even though I have played it for a relatively short time. It doesn't matter. Contrary to what I feel towards the rest of multiplayer games (and especially due to the multiplayer community), the more I play Verdun, the more I want to keep playing.Absolutely commendable."
76561198054715038,Recommended,242860,23687406,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Itsalive365 *-Certified G-*,"if you play this game properly, it'll be the closest you get to frontline warfare in the trenches. more people need to play this."
,Recommended,242860,22882111,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Molotov Cocktail,"Even with just a couple hours played so far, I love this game. I never really played a WW1 set game before playing Verdun, mainly due to the allarmingly low number of WW1 games available. However this game is great, its gameplay is fun, slowpaced and very realistic and atmospheric. The graphics are great and its a well made game given WW1 is such a grey area in terms of gaming development. It just annoyes me how so many people purposely avoid this game for CoD or the other mainstream arcade like FPS's and completely rule out this game as ""its set in WW1 and is there for boring and dull"". The game deserves a bigger community and at times the battles are too empty, come on guys, try something different as apposed to stupid futuristic combat."
,Recommended,242860,22803033,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,STIRL1NG,~+ +*
76561198089553936,Recommended,242860,23776782,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Autistic Slav,"Verdun is a fantastic game that is immersive, fun, sometimes frsutrating, and fairly historically acurate. If you do not own it, YOU SHOULD! Go out and buy this fantastic game, it needs all the suport it can get."
,Recommended,242860,22106429,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Argyll,"The new squad defence Cooperative mode captures the First World War feel. Waves of enemy run across the horizon, reaching your trenches for intense bayonet combat."
,Recommended,242860,21914097,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Atomic Doggo,Fantastic fun and brutal gameplay.If you want to play a WW1 FPS I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,242860,22911052,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,rythespyguy,">play verdun>apparently im a corporal>climb out of trench, get shot in head>respawn>instantly get decimated by mortars>respawn>climb out of trench, get legs blown off by grenadeprobably my favotire fps game to date10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,242860,22088732,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Patinaz,"In Verdun:You Laugh, You dieYou peek your head up, You dieYou mount your MG, You dieYou try to call in artillary, You dieYou charge forward in magnificant glory, You dieYou finally get a kill, You dieYou run out of ammo in your mag, You dieYour trench gets captured, You dieYou hear the faint sound of a 1916 r@pe whistle, You dieYou throw a grenade, it bounces back, You dieYou retreat back to your trench, reload, and pop up to defend, You dieYour surrounded by the yellow fog, You dieYou hear the ear piercing sound of an enemy mortar? You dieYou try to counter-snipe that damn enemy sniper, You dieYou try to quit the game, You dieDen/Den"
76561197991070529,Recommended,242860,23663921,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Jaes,"Verdun is the perfect WWI simulator.My most memorable game was a battle that was going poorly in Ypres for the Entente. They were pushed back to their final defensive line with the Central Powers practically dominating the field. The Entente barely survived what should have been The Central Powers' final push to victory and were given the opportunity to counter attack.And then something just... Happened.The Entente's counter attack was aggressive and unwavering. Their morale bolstered a thousand fold with nothing left to lose. After resecuring the Support Trench, the Central Powers were unable to keep the Entente at bay, being pushed further and further back, right into their inital trench line, the score dead even with a 3 to 3 ratio. Both sides reorganized themselves and ready to break the tied game!And then time ran out and eneded in a draw.Hundereds of men dead for aboslutely no gains. 10/10."
,Recommended,242860,21598341,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Zooasaurus,"If you're interested in WWI, Get thisif you just like historical games, get thisThe only WWI FPS, this game succesfully delivers the experience and immersity of WWI and trench Warfare. I've never seen a cheat/glitch so far. but in Historical Accuracy, there are some flaws. Like a tank in 1916 Map and Units using 1918 equipment in 1916 :pThe detail of the weapons and equipments is quite amazing thoMy Rating: 9/10Nb: Damn those machinegunners"
,Recommended,242860,27193759,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JokerHut,Peaked my head out of the trench and got shot10/10 death simulator
,Recommended,242860,29152799,Posted: 9 January,all,Imperialism,"This game gives a great example of WW1 trench warfare, the game is extremely fun, as well as it is dark with the hidden message ""War is not a game."" Especially WW1, but this game makes it a great experience for all, I would love for a lot of people to purchase this game, because if so maybe servers will get bigger and trench warfare will get a lot more exciting! Something I want them to add is ""Team Colonel's/Team Oberst's."" What I mean by that is the Colonel could speak with Squad Leaders to give them orders to issue to their squads, it would definitely increase the amount of realism to trench warfare as well as giving an edge to a team whether their team's Colonel does a fine enough job. A cool feature I would love the developers to add is a feature where the team Colonel has an option, called ""Over the top."" Which essentially issues a mandatory order for all squad's to run over the trenches and charge over, just to add a chilling effect for when the men in the trench have to hold them off, it would be awesome to see larger servers and multiple squads charging over, definitely something that will give you chills!"
76561197984926698,Recommended,242860,24024495,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ruffie,"If you a fan of games likes Red Orchestra, then you will love Vurdun! By the way, it is not just limitted to the Batttle of Verdun, you can fight in most major battles of The Great War and play any nation that fought on the Western Front."
76561198033984328,Recommended,242860,23677282,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Szukalski,"There are many moments in Verdun where I see death approaching, whether in the form of a sniper peeking from his entrenched position, a grenade encrouching upon my territory, or a shotgun wielding maniac storming my trench in a vain attempt at glory that I feel most strongly my love for this game. The knowledge that I am about to die a period accurate death, with all the immersion of there being abolutely nothing I can do to prevent it, is utterly immersive.10/10, would have my limbs blown off by artillery whilst my team mates die screaming by my side."
,Recommended,242860,24919817,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Xblade_Power,8/10 would get limbs blown  off by artillery again.
,Recommended,242860,15692682,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,SchultzIT,awesome
76561198069373919,Recommended,242860,22435858,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Frank  J. Underwood,Extremly good gameplayThe best WW1 simulatorVery good graphics without many bugsTeamworkThe game has all the ranks and the squads with full weaponary ( authentic)Big mapsI will highly recommend Verdun 1914 -1918P.s 15 min for evry battle ( that is good cause you didint tire )
,Recommended,242860,24077788,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Johnny Chimpo,"Absolutley LOVE Verdun! There's no game like it. WW1 theme, one shot kills with bolt action rifles and machine guns are so satisfying lol. Pistols are 2ish but some are a one shot kill. There are sooooo many explosions around ya making an authentic feel of trench warfare and the weapons are very authentic :) I  honestly don't think Battlefield 1 will have anything on Verdun. I do have to give a shout out to the Devs because they do an excellent job patching the game as needed and most importantly they respond back to you. Happy hunting :D"
76561198004682356,Recommended,242860,11981099,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Dave,"Finally somebody demonstrated that making an fps set in world war 1 is possible, the game mode recreates the trench warfare accurately with the attack phase where you have to take the enemy position, and the following defence phase in which you have to hold it against the enemy counterattack (obviously it could happen the opposite phase order).The graphics is highly improving with the updates and it has great models.The ballistics are realistically pleasing, i didnt experience something similar from the fps game ""Vietcong""(2001) ^^Besides, it is really fun!enjoy it"
,Recommended,242860,15468527,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[AOW] jts3579,"Buy game.Download.Enter game.Spawn, peek over trench.Dead.Spawn.Gas.Whats gas mask key?!Dead.10/10 would die again"
76561198042202647,Recommended,242860,13756161,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,gENERICJET,First game i played my squad and I moved up from the trenches and then immediately got hit by mustard gas and machine gun fire.....................everything expected from a ww1 trench warfare game so 10/10 would suffocate to death again.
,Recommended,242860,15594320,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Daddy,"Sitting in my trench listening to everyone yelling at each other, hearing shot's land too close to my position I move down the line. Next thing I know chlorine gas explodes on my positon and i hear the pitter patter of at least a squad of men coming towards my position. I slip on my gas mask while listening to my squad get wiped out, out of nowhere two whole squads of germans coming charging in down the trench with their mace's and bayonet's swinging away. I yell holy ♥♥♥♥ and proceed to run away while hip firing my Lewis gun at the charging Schnitzel's, as i start to change my magazine while still being chased I realised I had loss track of two of the charging men and then out of nowhere two German's coming flying into the trench in front of me and proceed to bash my skull in with their maces.10/10 would be slaughtered again"
,Recommended,242860,26594130,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,d1fficult,"This shows the true gunfights of World War I, unlike Battlefield 1, which is full of intense action with guns that existed on blueprints,  Verdun's gunfights can be slow or fast.   This game should be more popular than Call of Duty Infinite Warfare.  10/10"
76561198094408330,Recommended,242860,15481236,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Buddyism,This is a very good war experience game and is now one of my favorite games ever!
76561198039860237,Recommended,242860,16465147,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,LibertyLime,LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS GUN LEWIS
76561198068695724,Recommended,242860,16442578,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Death_Kitty,"Although this game take a bit to get used too, it is refreshingly different from most FPS games. The developers did a great job putting historical content in the game. Game play is smooth, and balanced, servers are good and lag free. The whole idea of bolt action rifles takes some time to learn, and lobbing grenades is another skill you will get in time. This game is worth the price, and fun to play with a good squad, or if your not a squad player, there is always rifle deathmatch."
76561198036375126,Recommended,242860,15464838,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,game caesar,awesome game Core gameplay awesome ways and tactics to kill of your enemy's and take their trench and can somebody Please get this out of early access
,Recommended,242860,13130714,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Lilyachty,"Ran out of trench to attack the enemy, got shot multiple times in the chest, fell dead in the dirt as my team members trampled over my lifeless body.11/10Woud do it again."
76561197979634441,Recommended,242860,15606312,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,[GGC] Prinz des Terrors,"This is one of the best FPS games out there right now. There's truly no other WWI FPS games out there and the combat in this is very interesting. The attention to detail on the weapons, uniforms, and maps is superb. You can use chemical weapons too which is unique. Pick this one up."
76561197986505965,Recommended,242860,13870751,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mr. Cuddles,"Excellent and unique multiplayer fps experience. Slow rate of fire weapons, no vehicles or crazy perks, high lethality and minimalistic UI.Rushed through no-mans-land, crater to crater, allies dropping all around me. Shot a man in the trenches from a crater, had an HMG fire at me, took cover, waited a while, peeked over. Got shot at again but saw where from, dropped back into the trench and waited slightly longer, peeked over, shot him and ran to the trenches. Made it to the edge of the trench, allies comming up too now, got hit by an allied gas bomb aimed at trench. Frantically put on gas mask, decided to use the cover of the gas to storm the trench, made it over with 3 others, cleared out a few people and held the trench waiting for reinforcements.Never have I played an fps that felt like that, it was truly different from my experience of CoD/BF etc shooters."
76561198051201854,Recommended,242860,16802065,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,N'wah Wit' Attitude,"Red Orchestra in WW1, great gameplay and the Frontlines game mode is very creative and fun. Nothing wrong with this game besides an occasional bug. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,23488593,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,NickyD123Baby,"I really enjoy this game. It is a fun, refreshing, and difficult game that keeps me coming back for more trench action. I am glad to see the community holding strong and continuing to grow. It is a fantastic game for anyone interested in more realistic Great War fighting.9/10 great game, great community, great fun."
,Recommended,242860,11490814,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Hilhorst,"Verdun. A game that describes the first World War, this is a truly amazing game even though its in beta, this is definitely a game worth you´r money when its on sale and when its on its base price, the battles moving from the Fields of Flanders, Picardie, to the forests of Argoness, attacking and defending on the map from you´r trenches to the enemy, this game has smartly implented combat like in World War 1, on the maps there´re muiltple layers of defense line with cordinated defense making it almost impenetrable. i recommend this game anyone who like realistic first person shooters what requirs teamwork and good cordination, this is surely a great game for anyone who likes both World Wars, the negative things are not many in my opinion, this game is definitely misssing a report button as i saw people with numerious buthurt comments, also a clan option would be nice as this is a game about teamwork, the prone and crouch movements should be lowerd as it more feels like a cod game with the movements, this is overall a great game and i give personly 8,5/10 from what the beta already has to offer8,5/10 a good game i you have money to spare"
,Recommended,242860,9134885,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sean Kapslock,"This game perfectly captures the absolute pants ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ boredom that was experienced during the actual Great War. Long drawn out battles with hilariously inaccurate bolt-action rifles, a complete lack of charges, and general phyrric victories are commonplace in Verdun.For whatever reason, I quite enjoy it, and I think the rifle deathmatches are fun.8/10"
76561197994456835,Recommended,242860,14125399,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,HagarKhan,Game is really coming along and since the last update amazing progress in playability and graphics.
,Recommended,242860,17225627,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Kreig,Get shot from nowhere simulator10/10
,Recommended,242860,17110098,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Choriburger,"Uh, i went to an enemy trench, i hided on a shelter, while enemies walked past me i stabbed them with my bayonet, at the end my score was 70Kills 40Deads"
76561197991243339,Recommended,242860,17278109,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Eric Claus,"This game is pretty good overall for what I have played.  If you are looking for a high speed twitch shooter then this game isn't for you.  That said it has plenty of action, a good mix of strategy, detailed maps, and a fun squad based system.  That said, you definitely want to bring your friends for this one, being in a squad with people you play well with will increase the enjoyment of this game immensely since so much revolves around the squad gameplay.  Rough around the edges, but solid at its core Verdun is a game I feels bring some freshness to the otherwise stale modern FPS genre and will keep playing it well into the future."
76561198120799385,Recommended,242860,17494519,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,alex,Over in France there's a game that's playedBy all the soldier boys in each brigadeIt's called Hunting the HunThis is how it is done!First you go get a gunThen you look for a HunThen you start on the run for the son of a gunYou can capture them with easeAll you need is just a little Limburger cheeseGive 'em one little smellThey come out with a yellThen your work is doneWhen they start to advanceShoot 'em in the pantsThat's the game called Hunting the Hun!First you go get a gunThen you look for a HunThen you start on the run for the son of a gunYou can capture them with easeAll you need is just a little Limburger cheeseGive 'em one little smellThey come out with a yellThen your work is doneWhen they start to advanceShoot 'em in the pantsThat's the game called Hunting the Hun!I met a soldier and he told meIt's just the latest thing across the seaIt's the game that is newThey're all doing it too!First you go get a gunThen you look for a HunThen you start on the run for the son of a gunYou can capture them with easeAll you need is just a little Limburger cheeseGive 'em one little smellThey come out with a yellThen your work is doneWhen they start to advanceShoot 'em in the pantsThat's the game called Hunting the Hun!First you go get a gunThen you look for a HunThen you start on the run for the son of a gunIf you want to bring them outOffer them a little bit of hot sauerkrautThey come over the top with a pip and a hopThen your work is doneWhen they stop in to eatCut off their retreatThat's the game called Hunting the Hun!First you go get a gunThen you look for a HunThen you start on the run for the son of a gunYou can always make them painLet them know there's going to be a pinochle gameThey come over the top with a pip and a hopThen your work is doneWhen they first show their faceCrump 'em with a maceThat's the game called Hunting the Hun!
,Recommended,242860,30751599,Posted: 26 March,all,★Xd★,The game is fun i like the game engine but it should be free again but if u like ww1 and ww2 games u will probably like Verdun to! :D
,Recommended,242860,30781512,Posted: 27 March,all,Chef Anus,This game is problably the most realistic ww1 shooter game you can find.
76561198129668307,Recommended,242860,30951226,Posted: 4 April,all,Tiners,gr8 game
,Recommended,242860,22098652,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Anton Slavik,*spawn in**wait in flithy trench for the attack order for 5 minutes**whistles blows**emerges from trench**headshotted by sniper immediately**spawn back in**go over top again**I get escited because I'm making progress in no mans land**gas shell explodes**panics**scares the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me**♥♥♥♥♥ self**doesn't put on gas mask in time**I die and 2 whole squads get gassed**I now have PTSD*10/10 would Verdun again
,Recommended,242860,8047548,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Porta,"Still in beta but looks VERY promising! I am very excited about this game as I am quite the enthusiast when it comes to the last great wars' history. Needs work with the matchmaking, since it's really a pain as per now, but I'm waiting in excitement to see the final release. 7/10 due to the matchmaking. (And the 7/10 are BETA 7/10, not to be confused with a released game 7/10)"
76561198062638023,Recommended,242860,21092520,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,OmgKalube,"This game is truly one of a kind - there is no other WWI themed, trench warfare FPS out there. It's the single game I feel happy with myself about buying. 10/10"
76561198013509072,Recommended,242860,21092123,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Poopsydaysie,"I have been playing this game since around the launch, and I am honestly so impressed how far is has progressed, endless amount of challenging yet rewarding gameplay that keeps my heart pounding. Can't wait to see where Verdun will be in another year's time :D 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,24320631,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,George,"The most fun I've had in an FPS game for a long time. This game is original not only in its theme, but it plays very uniquely. Fun to play on my own or with friends."
76561198043424343,Recommended,242860,24196996,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,General Viper 14,"This has become my go to game for any WW1 video game cravings as it is highly accurate to the historical time period and offers some very good graphics for the eye candy aspect.  The workings of the guns in this game impress me because of all the little details that go into working the gun, for example with the German Schutz  class Kar 98 sniper rifle with a scope the animation shows you having the gun move up as you cycle the bolt since they were not exactly light, straight pull bolts and needed some muscling to cycle them. The sounds and visual effects of the game help with immersion and I can easily play this game for hours without a regret. The general multiplayer community is actually decent and much better than a World of Tanks community for example. Most people aren't confrontational or accusing. Most people just play the game and avoid the world chat which is fine with me. As for lack of players, I haven't had a problem finding games though some of the other game modes besides Frontline can be sparse at times.However I feel the gameplay can feel a bit clunky at times and isn't as smooth as a Battlefield or COD game would be but I don't think it takes away too much from the enjoyability of the game. I think the game would benefit from a larger userbase and maybe smooth out the controls but otherwise I don't see any other problems that would bother me."
,Recommended,242860,28435627,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sir Of The Tiny Tim(Certima),Playing Verdun in 10 easy steps!1. Join a random squad2. Try to kill people3. Die4. Get Bored5. Host a canadian squad and select flanker and the 2nd loadout6. Join a Match7. Equip trench club And put on gasmask(for psychological effect)7.5(Optional) Tell your NCO to call a gas attack on the enemy trenches8. Charge trough no man's land while throwing grenades.9. DO NOT STOP10. When you get to the German trenches Jump in and start clubbing them like you club seals at home
76561198143924930,Recommended,242860,22965159,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dat One Gamer,A really good game about world war 1 very accurate. Here are some of the pros and cons of the gamePros:Great GameplayReally hecticAccurate uniforms and weaponsCons:Sorta dead servers (Peak during updates or just really happens cuz it does)A bunch of transfers from BF1 (Battlefield 1) which criticize the game for not being like BF1I really like this game so i couldn't think of anymore cons
76561197977388404,Recommended,242860,32132290,Posted: 2 June,all,Dank Memester,Lying down simulator 2017
76561197964559926,Recommended,242860,32247985,Posted: 7 June,all,dg_1974,Super fun game. Be warned that a lot of neo-nazis play this game and you will be privy to a lot of hate talk on the chat. Stopped playing because of it.
76561198043328735,Recommended,242860,15519053,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Kinderfresser,"Great game, lots of fun to play. The community is good, players are typically pretty friendly. The maps are interesting, long trenches with tons of ways to sneak / break your way into the enemy position. Good diversity of weaponry: artillery, gas, recon planes, numerous rifles and carbines, pistols, sniper rifles, machine guns, knives / clubs / shovels, grenades, bayonets, etc. There is incentive to play with friends or people that you play with a lot, you gain extra perks such as better uniforms, better offense / defense, etc. The incentive to play as a squad really isn't there, 90% of the time people run off and do whatever they want even though you gain a slight edge when you do play as a unit (faster reload speed, longer breath hold time for snipers, quicker trench capture, etc.).Pros:-Lots of fun, not your typical shooter, it's king-of-the-hill style, but the hill is a a long trench (unless you're playing deathmatch). There is a lot of back and forth.-Authentic period weaponry. Most guns are semi-auto, 3-10 rounds, and typically using iron sights. The machine guns are not terribly over powered, you have to deploy them in the prone position for decent accuracy, they also give away your position pretty quick. Sniper rifles are checked by terrain and lots of close-quarters fighting.-Great atmosphere. The trenches are claustrophobic, no-mans-land is generally a fatal place to be, popping your head up generally results in being shot, gas attacks generally suck to fight in. If the corpses didn't disappear the game would probably look a lot like a typical WWI battlefield with lots of casualties.-NCO's can spawn their teams. Nothing is more frustrating than being mowed down multiple times and having to start back at your trench every time. A good NCO will find a safe place to spawn his squad either in the enemy trench, or in no mans land, it cuts down on the running and frustration.Cons:-My connection quality fluctuates. I've got a 50 mb download rate with a ping around 45 on a computer that has a duo-core processor with a 1 gb graphics card, sometimes I get 30-60 frames per second, sometimes I get 5-20 frames per second. It's about 50/50 for me.-About 20% of the time you don't hit people who are right in front of you / directly in your sights even if you fire multiple shots. It's pretty frustrating-Barbed wire, my worst enemy."
,Recommended,242860,23939088,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Arcueid,"TLDR Version:Great gameplay despite questionable stuttery gameplay at times. Not perfect, but still a game that is worth your time.Proper version:First of all: Why do I even write this review? I feel like it's important to mention it first. It's a very simple reason. After playing for a while and taking a break, the game asked me if I liked it, and if yes if I'd write a review on steam. So following the orders showing up on my screen, I now am here, writing this.I won't go over what Verdun is as you simply can read that a bit above the reviews, I don't need to repeat what is written there. Instead this will reflect my thoughts on it.World War 1 for me personally always has been a very interesting topic, and unlike many others I find it to be more interesting than the war following after it. The first modern war that changed all that followed after it, giving a horrible example for how cruel humanity can be towards itself. A game in this setting easily can go wrong in many ways though and simply fail to do what a game is supposed to do: Make it worth your time playing it. And in that point Verdun is very successful.Back when I bought the game it was still in Early Access, and frankly I didn't spend too much time with it because of a few performance issues. But as I recently got into the mood for the setting of this game again (thank you for that, Battlefield 1 trailer), I once more gave it a shot. And I don't regret it in any way. In fact for me this game most likely will be superior than EA's upcoming title because it captures the feeling of the horrible war quite well while still giving you a game that you have a lot of fun playing.My biggest issue with this game though is the performance, like mentioned above. Frankly my computer may not be high-end any more, but there isn't that much of a big difference between the lowest and the highst settings. But if it has to sometimes drop way below 20 FPS no matter what, it at least should look great. And that it does.Overall I easily can see that this game is not for everyone to enjoy, if you expect a Battlefield 1 or CoD like shooter, then you're at a very wrong place here. It's more a combination of assaulting recklessly so that at least a few manage to get a foothold in the enemy's trench and sticking together with your squad and together defend the weak points in your own trenches. Most of the games end in a draw, and all I can say that it's not even a bad thing, it's quite fitting for a World War 1 game.I personally recommend this game and wish the best of luck to both this game and its developers. I want to see both of them prosper."
76561198075915859,Recommended,242860,11958377,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Master Gremlin,"This game is great, every time I play it I really enjoy this game's hard, difficult gameplay, but its still keeps to be fun to play I recommend you to olay this game"
,Recommended,242860,22011759,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Stokes,"Absolutely Terrific.There aren't many Great War games out there and this one manages to pull off what a lot of AAA titles are afraid to do. Extremely challenging and terrifyingly realistic this game is well worth the price. Each kill is extremely satisfying and worth the effort. If you're looking for a good K/D...this probably isn't the game for you. You will die. A lot. But I still keep coming back despite my enormous death toll because the game mechanics are so fun.Today they also came out with a free expansion for the game. That is great for multiple reasons. First off, you get more content and it is free. But secondly it means the Devs are still passionate about their game which doesn't happen very often with small early access games. I've had this game from day one of early access and it has honestly ceased to amaze me. Great buy! Definitely recommended."
76561198190908813,Recommended,242860,20678121,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Gerhard[gone to Alps for a year],this game is very nice if you are searching for some world war games you really feel like that you are in a war and there are no little kids. at the beginning your score will be bad but after playing game 5 hours you will get used to the game
,Recommended,242860,22219064,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Josi💞,"i think its the most accurate historic representation of ww1 in a game. the mechanics are a bit slow, but the gameplay feels nice and every kill is rewarding as fukc. i'd recommend buying it on ge-two-a or in a sale"
76561198037190783,Recommended,242860,15596758,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Sciurus,A great FPS set in WW1.  I've had lots of fun with this game.
,Recommended,242860,15604970,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MaxAmUs,"Presents world war one combat better than any other game on steam, game looks gorgeous and plays well (you will need a decent computer to play this). If you are interested in world war one/two shooters I highly recommend you pick this up and play it."
,Recommended,242860,11471770,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Dr. Colonoscopy,"Truly puts you in the boots of these old soldiers, the feeling of being over embraced by enemy troops storming your trench as you're wredged in tight spaces to try and snipe the opposition or vice-versa, chargeing the enemy trenches with a rifle and a few frags and trying to stomp out the enemy."
,Recommended,242860,10025827,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Jonah Takalua,"I would highly recommend this game, it's got great gameplay and even though it's ""Early Access"" I find it has very few glitches compared to some others. It can only get better!"
76561197970768053,Recommended,242860,15758397,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Randy Newman,"As a player of the original Red Orchestra mod, I fell in love with Verdun almost immediately.It is dominated by the same, slow, considered bolt-action rifle gameplay that RO-MOD was and it is glorious.The game extremely atmospheric and the maps are excellent. Putting your gas mask on and charging with your squad into a mass of yellow gas as whistles are going off in the background and tommies yelling ""OVER THE TOP BOYS!"" is really quite fun.There is no game quite like it.Worth every penny."
76561198085222198,Recommended,242860,28876988,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Overwatch Trooper 12,"If you're a fan of World War I or of squad based tactical gameplay in general, Verdun is definitely a game worth owning. It's a historically rooted game that display's the horrors of the First World War while allowing you to participate in the full scale battles that many of these men had fought through.ProsReal WWI Experience for fans of its historyFast paced gameplay in some areas while maintaining tactical gameplay at other timesIntense combat for crazy in-game momentsGood amount of classes, squads, weapons, and a variety of other thingsMaps that throw players into many different scenarios for new experiencesHas Replay ValueConsSmall server population sizes at certain times in the dayPing is high for many far from the sourceSpawnkilling WILL happen in many casesA lack of tutorial mode or of other better game modes other that FrontlinesSquad setup and game finding is slightly frustrating at timesNo shortage of bugs and glitchesDespite the flaws that are pointed out, this game is still a good experience for those who are willing to play with friends and work together to achieve an ultimate goal as one. Would recommend."
76561198045534766,Recommended,242860,26366912,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Pour_Know,"Was playing a Frontline match as NCO in a squad from the Central Powers, we got pinned down in a shell hole when it became clear the number of defenders on the flank I had chosen to attack were higher then estimated.It seemed as if our advance was doomed to fail.That is until a member of my squad pulled out a massive bundle grenade primed it and screamed ""ALLAHU AKBAR!"" before climbing over the lip of of the shell hole and rushing the enemy position. By some stroke of luck despite all the enemy bullets flying our way none hit him and he dove into the enemy line.The massive explosion that happened a second after that killed no less than 6 enemy players and of course our crazy bomber, it also left a large gap in the enemy team's defensive line that I wasted no time exploiting with the rest of the squad. The rest of our team spilled in the gap moments later and few seconds after that the line was ours.From that point on in the match every time enemies dared to clump up I let my squad's unofficial suicide bomber do his duty, he'd even charge out of bounds just to reach groups of enemy players massing for counter attacks on our newly held lines, and so our victory was secured.19/15 would shamelessly sanction Jihadist suicide tactics again to ensure team's victory."
76561197960281570,Recommended,242860,28742265,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Combat Gorge,"I wanted to get this review out before the winter sale expires, Verdun is a pretty decent game for it's price (specially the sales price). The game play itself reminds me of Day of Defeat except you die a whole lot more and less machine guns. The bullet points the game designer has left in the “About this game” is rather accurate and describes the game play nicely. The only real gripes I might have with this game is the spawning and map size. Sometimes the game will spawn you right in the face of enemy fire, and obviously this can be rather maddening to spawn and die instantly. The other minor gripe would be map size, it would be beneficial for there to be smaller condensed maps to force more combat when there aren't enough players to fill the large maps.In Verdun there are 3 different types of game play (technically 4), trench which is your basic 4 man squad team play with different army specific weapons (the French, Germans, whatever use time period faction specific weapons). There are two different death match modes of game play which have their own specifics but it's still death match so I only count it was one. And finally a team defense mode, kind of like capture the flag but with murder.So though I'm not going to rave about Verdun being the best first person shooter ever I will recommend the game because it's rather cheap and the game play is solid so you will get your money out of it."
,Recommended,242860,32097742,Posted: 31 May,all,Van-Dem [Captain Crunchy),"Heard somebody talking about Nekopara, some guy mentioning battlefield 1 and it being better. Meanwhile I'm just sitting here setting the audio to immersive. Low graphics are amazing, somehow."
,Recommended,242860,13575017,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hammurambe,This game is a lot of fun and does a very good job portraying the chaos that is trench warfare
76561198058098056,Recommended,242860,32097081,Posted: 31 May,all,LastDesciple,"Expected this game to be easy? Simple? Even play like the most common FPS like CoD and Battlefield? Not even close welcome to the reality of WWI! Where moving from trench to trench is more of a calcuated risk. Where a single shot is all it takes to put a man down swiftly. Dont forget the use of artillery, gas, and mortars played a huge role and was the most dangerous of all.All in all its just a great game and with the recent sale had brought a lot of new blood to the game. My hours arent that high and only rank 36 ingame but pick this up and give it a try no doubt you'll never experience anything like this before. Especially its made by a handful of devs that actually put time and effort into game unlike what we see today.Now the wait for the eastern front begins!"
76561198154630977,Recommended,242860,32372413,Posted: 12 June,all,Dylielee,"This game is very.. Hard.. And I would definitely not recommend it to anybody that does not like the extremely realistic shooters ( Like COD players, Ugh.. ) I say this game is hard, And Yes, it is.. Because of it's realism to real trench combat IN World War One, For instance, Today I was playing as a sniper, Now usually I would run up, Try to capture enemy trenches, You catch the drift, I would get sniped ... But today I was at the other side of that sight, Shooting the soldiers.. And seeing just how vulnerable they are compared to sniper spots, I mention this to prove my point, it is VERY realistic and Fun.. When you peek you have a very high chance of getting sniped, I do anyway :D , But then when I choose my target I WILL fire when they peak.. That is 100% chance, but I might not hit, Theres the realism, Also the scopes in this game are definitely not the best, Not because they are bad, But because they are so realistic :DI Absolutely reccommend this game to anyone who seems interested either in this period of history or Realistic shooters, there are lots of ways to play, Support, Sniper, Charger, etc.. You can help shoot men goin' over teh top or charge in with a bayonet blood hungry, And that is why I lpove this game, And then there is all the maps and how they vary, Now I do know that they are just battles that happened there during the war but from a gameplay point of view every map kind of requires a slightly different playstyle, For instance, The Somme and fort douamoutt are very different places, One being large open fields and the over being more of a close - medium quartered fort.And then there is the idea that most firearms in world war one were actually bolted, Not auto.. Now of course there are plenty to go around but the bolts superiority in this game is shocking, As you'd think everyone would beg for auto. And.In the officer class there are handguns, Whioch of course vary, For instance, The main german one being the Po8 handgun, and.. The americans have M1911'sAnyway this is the end and I hope you will consider buying this game, As it is brilliant."
,Recommended,242860,16450494,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Brock,"A unique take on the Multiplayer FPS that puts you in the boots of WWI soldiers on the Western Front. Bolt action rifles and period tactics see the player ""going over the top"" to either charge or defend their respective trenches. If you are looking for a different take on competitive FPS games, try it out. You'll enjoy it!"
,Recommended,242860,15511745,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,[LG] Chainmail {Ptps.},"Beauitful game, great graphics, and fun to play with others. And its great that the cowards have been dealt with xD. Over all great game, wish we could take control of tanks and airplanes, but maybe thats for the future."
76561198119126602,Recommended,242860,19347349,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,UrbanBoats,"shoot someone in the head with my peasent pistol,his head explodes.10/10"
76561198066068285,Recommended,242860,11465340,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Yossarian,There's something about bolt action rifles that's just so....... sexy.
,Recommended,242860,16404820,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,chicken ballsack,Make my in-game name Donald TrumpJoin a gameGet killed by Bernie SandersThen I kill Bernie Sanders10/10 would run for president again
,Recommended,242860,23741840,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mr. FlavorFelv,Don't wait for Battlefield 1 - this is the real trench warfare game!
76561198040835671,Recommended,242860,21169556,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Lord Commander Wolfen,I have played lots a multiplayer FPS games but this one is the only one that made me feel part of a team and made me feel important rather than being some mindless pyscopath shooting everything. This game is amazing and you should definatly get it.
76561198118551660,Recommended,242860,21188339,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ShoeCooker (tito),Very fun WWI first person shooter. Would recommend.
76561198136981927,Recommended,242860,22888628,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,It's A Giraffe,"Just your standard Canadian rifleman in the trenches of the Somme.  The German's attack had lost its momentum and, with the sound of a trumpet, they were in full retreat.  It was our turn to charge.  We formed an unorganized line at the ladders of the front-most trench, joined by a few British units and some Frenchmen.When the whistle blows, the first soldiers scale the walls to enter the chaos of No Man's Land.   But the only place they get to is the muddy floor of the trench.   The next group climbs the ladder, only one makes it out.  The pattern continues until our Corporal gives us the order to attack.  And we do.  The four of us rush to the nearest crater amidst artillery, gunfire, and the roar of a passing flying machine.  Only two of us arrive; the Corporal and I.  And soon that too would change, as, with a faint snap, the Corporal is hit by a stray bullet.So, with not a friend in sight, I pull out my trusty shovel and charge.  Germans bullets whiz by and smack against the dirt.  But they do nothing.  I make it into the German trench and wildly swing my entrenching tool in the general direction of the nearest Kraut.  There was a thud and a clang, and he falls dead.  But he was not alone.  His fellow Huns were quick to put me down with their handguns.  But the Jerry that I snagged was their Machine Gunner.  And with that gun unmanned, even for a second, our forces were able to make it further across the ruined fields.  The trench was ours.  And I was a Canadian martyr.This is the kind of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥that happens all the time in Verdun, and it's absolutely great.  Verdun is truly great, as cinematic as it is challenging.  If you want a quick run-and-gun, a game with little thinking and heavy competitive play, do not buy this game.  This is not Battlefield, and it is not CoD.But if you want to experience a realistic depiction of the war, a challengingly realistic FPS, or a team-based game of strategy, Verdun is a must-buy."
,Recommended,242860,13632221,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ControVersey,After having my eye on Verdun for a while As I had no Steam funds I waited and bought the gameAfter a quick installation I began playing and was very pleased with the content and found no bugsI find this game very fun and the Community is friendly and helpful
,Recommended,242860,11591237,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Blue Bear,great ww1 game !
76561198006125695,Recommended,242860,25228714,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,PointBlank,A World war one master piece.Recommended 100%
76561198134454257,Recommended,242860,22904489,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Manspooner,"Verdun is the kind of game you play to either have fun with friends or by yourself. It is a classic WW1 game and there is none like it until battlefield 1 comes out. The community is great and games are fun. It is realistic for the gun sense and the feel of being in no mans land. The desertions are real and they hate when you step out of line, what more is there to say you should just buy the game and find out if u like it. Thats what steam support it for."
76561198214139001,Recommended,242860,33264900,Posted: 5 July,all,MichaelCera,"A fantastic game for strategy lovers and shooter fans alike. The graphics are adequate and the game is overall enjoyable. However, this game has been a bit unstable at times. Nothing major, just a few freezes or common glitches. The game freezes a bit sometimes, not to a point where it's unplayable, but if you play it for long periods of time you may subject to freezes and other such things. I don't think any of it is due to my system, I run this game on very high settings and pull anywhere from 40-70 fps. However the freezes aren't anything a simple alt-tab won't fix. Overall, I was very surprised by the overall quality of this game. Easily one of the best WW games I've ever played in a while, and I dare say, I would probably play this game over Battlefield 1, if I had to choose."
,Recommended,242860,12110068,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Stormy,"When I brought Verdun, I wasn't exactly sure how it would run, what it would be like, or how it worked. When I first downloaded and ran it, I really, really enjoyed it. It is an extremely unique game, with a WWI setting, which recives constant updates for performance and new features. I have seen games by M2H before, but I thought that this was the best yet! With highly dynamic multiplayer gameplay and unique weapons, this is definately a good buy for any FPS lover. And, as an added bonus, it is made by three indie developers! 5*'s everytime!"
,Recommended,242860,22891326,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,MAD MAX,"Great game! Lots of fun to play especially when games are filled. Perfect game to play with friends. I wish that there were larger battles, and some maps should have better designs that have advantages for both squads. Overall great experience for a newer game and I hope that you guys keep up the good work and keep making improvements to the game."
76561198128235974,Recommended,242860,22894493,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,dvictory85,i've played alot of ww2 games but ww1 game's are hard to find. This game by far is the best ww1 game i've played!!!! i love playing it!
,Recommended,242860,15808532,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Fuu,"great game!  a must have for anyone who enjoys the red orchestra series, realism based FPS, or history oriented games!if you are into world war one era history you will not be disappointed!"
76561198021316955,Recommended,242860,17911641,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,STAF| Croissant,The official is that a tree stump or a player simulator of 2015.10/10 would go over the top again.
76561198006596243,Recommended,242860,23459649,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Blucher007,"I am not a FPS guy by any measure. However, Verdun has to be the most engrossing and entertaining FPS game I have ever played. It is quick, fun, brutal and to be honest the community are good too.Verdun. Well you have to work as a team, doing so has huge benefits, each team member fills a specialisation which has both strengths and weaknesses. Even after all the hours I have played I still want to play more. The designer has made significant improvements to the game and expanded it cleverly. The new nations and units types are very good and make the game even more playable. The new maps are great with no map being exactly the same and requiring different loads outs for they type of combat distinct to that map.It is worth every cent you pay. So if your up for bolt action rifle shoot outs at anything from 300m to 1m and bayonet fights then try this its awesome. Remember its not when you die in Verdun its all about how many times. Keep your head down."
76561197969893907,Recommended,242860,23062489,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sabbat the Magic Belgian,"Verdun is a wonderful game. After close to 700 hours I still love and will always love it. The community, at least on the euro servers, is one of the best I have ever seen. If you like hardcore FPS, and you are not scared of being under intense artillery fire while your buddies' body parts are flying all around you, then do not hesitate and get it! Not recommended for casual CoD kids, tho."
76561198068831468,Recommended,242860,33551111,Posted: 14 July,all,ItsBillyFrazier,"A real nice alternative to the FPS genre,  breaking away from the mayhem of automatic weapons and future tech.Verdun is more about keeping your head down and taking a pot shot at the enemy off in the distance..or is that just a rock?Meanwhile,  you're squinting down your rifle sights,  that commrade standing right next to you in the trench, well he actually turns out to be fricken enemy and headshots you as you hipfire like a baked potato . He takes you and your squad down as you ponder ""Wha da duck just happened?"" Is all of my squad potatos to or were they looking at the rock?You die lots in this game. However, kills  seem more satisfying when you have been face down chomping trench mud time after time.The maps are pretty varied surprisingly,  although all encompass some type of trench. This makes for trying out different tactics and approaches, generally keeping things interesting.Graphics are solid enough, while sound is ok i suppose, pretty ordinary though in my opinion.Even still, Verdun does a great job of recreating a suitable WW1 atmosphere and brings its own type of intensity in gameplay.While it wont be everyones ""go to"" shooter, i think it has it's place in the genre by just being different.Verdun is a game I find myself drifting back to every so often.  Especially when I feel the need of a break from Arma III and the manic bulletfest of BF4. I always find myself wondering why I dont play Verdun more...Well worth the money if you want to try a shooter with a difference. Recommended.And the bad?Some minor bugs but nothing gamebreaking or frequent enough to become frustrating from my experience.Finding a well balanced match with a full set of players on both teams is like finding out that the Donald is secretly blowing Vlad...very unlikely... but not entirely impossible either?"
76561198138033211,Recommended,242860,15481192,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,xiroman3,"A pretty great game! Honostly there is nothing much to complain about. Dev team is always updating the game, and I love the core mechanics. Gore is great too, and if you dont  like that type of stuff you can always disaible it in the options menu. Thanks for the great game Verdun dev team! <3"
,Recommended,242860,9603904,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,MEGUMIN (めぐみん),If you like trench warfare and WW1 this the game for you to play. the game is really fun and its just ♥♥♥♥ing awsome just get it now.
76561198099459686,Recommended,242860,33419254,Posted: 9 July,all,BoardGamer17,"Many people compare this game to Battlefield 1. It makes a lot more sense to compare this game to Rising Storm/Red Orchestra 2, just set in World War I. I have not seen any better, more realistic WWI first-person-shooters. This game is pretty amazing.Pros:Squad-basedMultiple game modesVery realisticPlenty of playersCons:Only about 5 mapsWorld War One sucks sometimes"
76561198271007302,Recommended,242860,25251253,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Austria-Hungary,"awesome game,doe sometimes it crashes in middle of match"
,Recommended,242860,25251796,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Cosmo The God,"I think they need to fix the squads, And how randoms can join at anytime."
76561198081553802,Recommended,242860,22094103,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,[28th]Holborn,"This game...is great...if you don't mind a bit of out of date firepower and overload in rifles then this is the game for you. This game offers a lot and i think the devs put a lot of hard work into it as there is a history for this game. The game is only multiplayer but that's the fun of it as you cant play trench warfare on your own. The maps are some of the most detailed Ive ever seen and the amount of guns at your disposal is insane. The game is truly amazing, there is 4 different modes at the moment... front lines/attrition/rifle deathmatch/ and Coop survival. Though in the future i hope they add more. There is a wide range of squads from 5 different nations. If you get 3 other friends to play with and work as a team, you will find yourselves winning alot if your team also does the same. Teamwork is whats grants victory. However running rambo with a flamethrower and be a blast as well. If you love history and have a soft spot for WW1 then i strongly think the money you have is worth giving for this game."
76561198149306086,Recommended,242860,15368393,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,exentry,loved this game!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242860,15348261,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,UberWarri0r,I always wanted a WWI FPS and this does a great job filling in that gap.
76561198044563481,Recommended,242860,15368521,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Nuclear Ambassador,Abslutly amazimg!!!
76561198124546378,Recommended,242860,15325055,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Fatmacaroni,"I really love this game, the graphics aren't bad, it runs pretty smooth, and it has a lot of World War 1 features like gas, weapons, outfits, etc. The only bad thing about this game is that it has a few bugs, but other than that this game was totally worth my money, and I would buy it again any day."
76561197997893422,Recommended,242860,15314949,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Machiavelli2,"Verdun is a fantastic WW1 shooter. One that I have enjoyed supporting through its development. They are a small team, and they are ever working to improve the game. If you have some interest, or a couple spare bucks, I highly reccomend this game."
76561198027210598,Recommended,242860,15320668,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,SaltyRedPenguin,"This is a really great game.pros: its satisfying to kill enemies, and using the guns.cons: hard to find servers with enough people (at least the last times I palyed)This game has some really good parts, its not done yet, and when you have unlocked all the weapons there isnt much more to do right now. but when its fully realised this has the possiblity to be a great and fun shooter!if you like WW1 weapons I recomend this game."
76561198105751760,Recommended,242860,15342366,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Flying Heavy,"Absolutely the best First Person Shooter out there! I would love if more people bought this beautiful game. Pros: Great Warfare, realistic guns, not Call of Duty, great graphics, etc.,Cons: 0"
,Recommended,242860,11397946,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[1stMA Co.A] Pvt. shadowranger,"I started playing before the game was greenlit on Steam. The game has a unique system of attacking and defending sectors. It is well balanced between realism and gameplay, with gunshots usually killing in one hit, but not overcomplicated. The game is still missing some features, but since i began playing it has only been improving. The squad system rewards teamwork with a seperate squad xp, to unlock uniforms, and abilities. The graphics arent the best but the g ameplay makes up for it. Buy this game guys i need some squadmates!"
76561198054848675,Recommended,242860,22887732,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,PurpleZebra,"Verdun is a real keeper.  Rarely does a game make me swear, panic, cry 'tears of joy' and make me♥♥♥♥♥♥myself all with in a 3 second period. I have played a lot of Red Orch 2 and this is the next best thing.  They are very similar in the way the 'frontlines' game mode, but Verdun is much more squad based and obviously in trenches.  One of the most immersive FPS games I own tbh.  As a seasoned FPS player this game was very easy to pick up and much more challenging and immersive than the likes of some AAA shooters out there today."
76561198090686329,Recommended,242860,20237660,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Polar the Bear,"Ive been following this game for about two years now and I am very impressed of what it has become.  If you take a look at when I got it and how it is now...its like a diffrent game.  This game delivers on its ""realistic"" view of trench warfare.  This is a quality FPS during the First World War and I would suggest getting this as soon as you have the funds to do so.  I enjoy this game and it never seems to get old.  Its a rare combination of devoted developers and alot more impressive when I learned there is only a team of three working on this up and coming game."
,Recommended,242860,18519663,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Hugs,"Verdun is an immensely fun game with a dedicated and friendly playerbase. The graphics are beautiful and the maps and trenches are very detailed. The game runs surprisingly well on a middle-aged Macbook Air not at all designed for gaming. There are very few to zero hackers, I don't know why one of the other reviews says there are. There is a bit of a learning curve and you will die a lot during your first games (keep your head down!) but a bit of patience will take you a long way and give you hours of fun.Recommended if you like:Tactical Squad Based ShootersA Great Visual AtmosphereWW1 HistoryTeamworkWould not recommend if you want:Driveable vehicles.A deathmatch style of gameplay. There are team deathmatch and free for all modes but they are not played as much by the playerbase."
,Recommended,242860,22362630,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kaiser Sharack,"Takes 10 bullets to die in Call of Duty, takes 1 wrong breath to die in Verdun."
,Recommended,242860,18827055,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,EGO 'GHOST' CUNT,amazing game
,Recommended,242860,24068069,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,hooahguy,"If you get this game expecting Call of Duty or Battlefield, turn back now. This is not a run and gun type of game. Sure, sometimes you will find yourself running into an enemy trench with your guns blazing, but not often. Employ tactics one use in most modern shooters and you will find youself dead very quickly. And even if you are super careful, you will die a lot.You will move carefully between cover, utilizing shellholes and other defenses to make your way to the enemy trench. Any second you might be seen and shot at. You are just meters from the enemy trench, and you are preparing to make your charge in an attempt to help capture it. A shot flies past you and you duck behind the nearest cover, cowering as bullets fly overhead as the enemy tries to nail you. In a few seconds the bullets stop, and you rise again to rush into the trench. This is it, this is your chance to kill some enemies and establish a foothold for your teammates to exploit.You rush into the trench with your rifle at the ready and are swiftly cut down by an enemy who was lying in wait. You respawn, and you get to do it all over again!It actually is a really fun game. This isnt a game about k/d ratios. Its about teamwork. Without teamwork, your team will likely lose. Thankfully, unlike some other games, this game rewards teamwork. For example, each squad has a team leader. The rest of the team can spawn on him, so a good team leader will sneak up close to the enemy trench and then hide, letting his squad spawn in really close to the frontlines. He wont rush in guns blazing, because he will likely die quickly and not be there for his squad to spawn in on him.If you are willing to put the team and the objective above your own stats, you will love this game. If not, I suggest moving on."
,Recommended,242860,23903604,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Arctic_Shot,Awesome game!Don't worry.. just buy!
,Recommended,242860,23766170,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Flameboy360mlg,> Peek my head through a hole die>Spawn in a server die>Pause the game for one second die>be active and move around and be aware of your sourndings not die> best game ever 10/10
76561198253189132,Recommended,242860,23765570,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheLost Waffle,Verdun is historically accurate and it is always very exciting.
76561198081092295,Recommended,242860,23848785,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Donny's Shit Kicker,"Good WW1 FPS, have to be patient with it though because it isn't like other FPS's."
76561198151954499,Recommended,242860,28700308,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mojo,"This game is by far the most realistic game ive played in a while, which sets it apart from other shooters. You are defending your trench against all odds or pushing in no-mans land to attack the enemy's trenches with artillery and gunfire whizzing past you. There are 12 different squads to choose from, with each squad having 4 classes. These classes are all important and all have different weapons and roles to fullfil. This game is extremely challenging, and most of the time you don't know where you are getting shot from. That makes the game even more rewarding. If you are willing to push through all the hard when you first get the game, it will be one of the most fun things you have ever played."
76561198044089216,Recommended,242860,28997430,Posted: 3 January,all,Sir walter horstcock,very enjoyable for fans of realistic combat.... prepare to die and kill alot and stay low ...... remeber k/d isnt important here fun is immerse yourself in the trenches and turn gore on
,Recommended,242860,28965751,Posted: 2 January,all,Sgt.MorningWood,Jolly good time.
,Recommended,242860,25192335,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Josef Dietrich,This game is really wellmade. It really capture the feel of ww1
,Recommended,242860,25221475,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,P R E ß N S,Kaiser Reich Simulator 2016
76561198148704700,Recommended,242860,25197652,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rooski russian,A great game best trench warfare in a long time and it has good game concepts and great fun.
76561198123465102,Recommended,242860,25197510,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Stompin' Bob,"Je suis très en colère qu'il n'y a pas un pantalon rouge. J'adore le pantalon rouge. Je les aime beaucoup. Comment pouvons-nous avoir cran sans pantalon rouge?(No but yeah this game is pretty immersive, but challenging at first make no mistake.)"
76561197987218162,Recommended,242860,25574816,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,SatanicWarmaster999,"Great game, awesome WW1 FPS! The maps are pretty realistic and the gameplay is awesome. Still buggy, though, crashed during loading screens every now and again although my system is beyond the requirements."
76561198119674957,Recommended,242860,28997369,Posted: 3 January,all,Tony Cox,"This game is true to World War 1. Most weapons are one shot kills so this forces you to find different ways to attack the enemy. The trench warfare is way intense and puts you right in the action. You never get bored of this game and are always wanting to play more. Also, the phrases that the soldiers say are hilarious. I highly recommend this game."
76561198085531868,Recommended,242860,13175404,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sangrusanson,Take a trench.. lose a trench.. take a trench again...only online shooter I play and I love it.. once you get a feel for the way this war was fought you'll start to feel right at home..drinking pinard or tea..or eating bratwurst with your comrades in arms.
,Recommended,242860,23364748,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Chef Boyardee,"You are probably asking yourself why should I buy this game if Battlefield 1 is coming out? Well, let me just say, that compared to Verdun, Battlefield is unrealistic. This is by no means a bad things, but its a matter of taste. So, what I will say is this, I have played 0.3 hours online, but 2 hours offline. I will keep playing this even after Battlfield 1. This game is incredibly realistic. This takes the honor of the second game to ever make me feel bad for killing people. When you shoot someone in this game, they make it well known. They scream, and gurgle while throbbing on the floor. It is a horrific sound. This game has singleplayer and multiplayer. Yes, I know it says its multiplayer only, but that is because singleplayer was just added in the horrors of war expansion. You basically sit in a trench by yourself, and fend off waves of enemies. By yourself. This sounds hard, but I think they beef up your health a lot as well as damage, so, its actually challenging, but not inpossible. After one round, you get artillery, and then, a couple of rounds in, you are forced to put on your gas mask. Every death pushes you back, until you lose. This game is so good, I wrote out an entire paragraph on this. This feels like the product of a huge company, not a small indie team. It is the best WW1 game, the best unity game, and one of the best games I have ever played. Buy this for a realistic WW1 shooter or to sustain your hype until Battlefield 1. $25 is too low of a price for this.Overall Score: 10/10TL;DR: Buy for realism and/or hype until Battlefield 1. Dont buy if gory scenes are not your thing or if you need a campaign. There is singleplayer, but no campaign."
76561198170413653,Recommended,242860,17106737,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,IRoNiC beATz,"I layed down holding my rifle tightly as I watched my friends being shredded by enemy fire. We were attempting to take a trench ontop of a hill that ws very important for the battle. I had not yet been spottd for i was laying down in a patch of tall, thick grass. I was about tn feet from the east side of the trench. The trench sprawled to the west for another 100 feet or more. I saw an enemy infantryman behind a tree to my left diagonaly about 10 feet away, him being right infront of the trench. He was facing the other direction. I saw my chance and I took it. I sprinted up to the side of him and pushedd my bayonet as hard as I could Into his side. He died instantly. I then proceeded to run into the trench and crouch down. I saw an enemy about 20 feet awaying coming my way through the trenches. I then layed down and pointed my rifle at the exact possition I was going to shoot him at. I saw him come out and I fired and watched as his lifeless body hit the ground. I stood up and ran, but before I knew what was going on, it was too late. I ran passed an enemy MG and he opened fir on me and I was torn to peices and hit the floor. I Sat there watching as my allies stormed the place. I realized that not only had I sacrificed myself for my team, but also caused a distraction just long enough for my men to take the trench. thats all I thought about as a faded into the after life. Then I respawned and did it again."
76561198077867324,Recommended,242860,13816248,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,][P][,"Verdun RevisitedMy initial review was pretty sparse on details, plus the game has been updated and added to so much since that I decided to re-review.Verdun is a realistic World War I multi-player first-person shooter trench-warfare simulator (Whew!). You either play as Entente Powers (French, English, Highlanders, Canadian, Belgian, and American) or as Central Powers (German).As of this review, there are four game modes:1) Rifle Deathmatch:Free for all, rifles only, no teams. New players start here, as all weapons except for one rifle are locked at the beginning of your Verdun career. You have to earn career points to unlock weapons, and you earn career points by doing well in matches.2) Attrition Full-Arsenal Team Deathmatch:Play on a team as either the Entente or Central powers. Choose a primary & secondary weapon from a variety of authentic weapons used at the Western Front. It's important to note that these weapons are locked to new players. Again, you use career points to unlock weapons.3) Squad Defence Co-operative Wave defence:Basically a practice mode for Frontlines. Play in a squad of one to four players against endless waves of AI bots. You can still gain XP, medals, and unlock weapons and achievements in this mode.4) Frontlines Squad Based Trench Warfare:The most complex game mode. I recommend getting experienced in all other modes before even attempting this one. Play in a squad of up to four players as either the Entente or Central powers against other squads. Capture trenchlines and defend trechlines. Teamwork and communication are very important when playing Frontlines.PROS:-Realistic:One shot, one kill with rifles. Bullet drop at long ranges. You have to lead moving targets, especially at distance. There are suppression/shellshock effects (vision and hearing partially goes out, and you can hear your heart pounding).-Authentic WWI Weapons:Gas, trench melee weapons, flame throwers, artillery barrages, and of course machine guns to name a few.-Authentic WWI Battlefield Maps:There are nine total maps at the time of this review: Vauquois (only available in Rifle DM and Attrition), Vosges, Douaumont, Argonne, Champagne (Night), Aisne, Picardie, Artois, and Flanders.-Gore Mode:A gore option was added in the last major update (which is off by default). Burnt bodies, limbs blown off, caved-in heads, lotsa blood, etc.-Immersive Sound:Great sound effects, making the game all the more immersive. Sometimes when a player is killed, he'll lay there screaming and writhing in agony for what seems like minutes. Quite demoralizing! (Gore mode must be on).-Great Community:Compared to other multi-player games I've played, Verdun has a really good community. Most experienced players are friendly and will offer advice to new players if asked.-Developers Are Very Active:Devs are constantly improving, tweaking, adding to, etc.-The Only WWI FPS Currently:""Currently"" because I just found out that Battlefield 1 is set in WWI, and will be coming out soon. I don't count NecroVision because, well, if you've played it or even seen the store page, you'd understand.CONS:-No Friendly Fire:For such an otherwise realistic game, this is something that really needs to be added.-Default Keyboard/Mouse Layout:You'll save yourself a lot of aggravation if you modify your keyboard/mouse layout for at least melee before playing. Also, you may want to change the crouch and prone keys.-Difficult For New Players:There isn't an in-game tutorial, but there are helpful guides and gameplay videos, as well as a spectator mode in-game.-Glitches/Bugs:There are definitely some issues, rarely something happens that breaks a match. I have had to exit and restart the game a few times due to glitches though.-Multi-Player Only:This game is really built for multi-player. If the devs did make a single-player campaign, it would probably be similar to Red Orchestra 2 single-player - separate from the multi-player game, and not much fun.-Small Community:Weekends are the best times to play on the US server. Any other time, & all you'll be able to play is Frontlines and Squad Defence.BOTTOM LINE:I highly recommend Verdun. It's a frustrating learning experience at first, but stick with it. When you get good at this game, it's a lot of fun! See you in the trenches!****Original Review Below****Great WWI game! If you like to snipe without a scope, this is the game for you! I've played 5-6 times as of this review, & it's a blast! Devs are CONSTANTLY upgrading/updating. For a beta, it already feels like a finished game."
,Recommended,242860,21729489,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,RSW2002,"Absolutely fun WWI FPS. Lots of team-/squad-based combat in a setting you don't see that often in FPS. One of my favorite games.Not as much of a hardcore ""realism""-type FPS as others out there (still not ""cartoony"" though), but then again I never really boarded that hype train.Also has a massive update coming that will add TONS of content."
,Recommended,242860,17509356,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Khamûl,"Verdun is like a World War 1 Mount & Blade with better graphics and guns. If you like strategy,history and first person shooters I fully recommend this game.9/10"
,Recommended,242860,32230612,Posted: 6 June,all,DnVossy,"Well...--> Simple gameplay--> Varied weaponry--> Good atmosphere--> Entretaining co-op waves--> Interesting concept of squads (co-op level I mean)I did not have faith on this game, but it ended up surprising me greatly."
,Recommended,242860,30420409,Posted: 9 March,all,Singuard,"Just bought the game after reading some reviews and it is definitely fun, you gotta be patient and watch your corners. I managed to get a great six man kill streak in the trenches with my shotgun in the few rounds that I played, def will recommend!"
76561198048157187,Recommended,242860,24803371,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Delaware Danger Dong,"While It lacks the the bombastic feeling of big name AAA shooters, Verdun offers much more simple approach to the FPS genre. And that approach is simply Historical accuracy. Verdun isn't just some budget game, its a completely unique game that no other comes close to in pace, feeling and overall realistic brutality. Fans of Red Orhcestra would feel at home here, and anyone who wants an actual WW1 shooter should look at this more than Battlefield 1."
76561198090853217,Recommended,242860,27620253,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DocKolya,"Take the excellent shooting mechanics that Call of Duty developed over a decade, add a dash of realism, the crisp graphics of this year's latest shooter, and base it around a game where team work and cooperation is vital and you have Verdun.This generation's answer to the big-budget, big explosion shooter, Verdun goes back to the roots of historical shooters by offering dozens of period accurate bolt-action rifles and cutting back on the pyro-technics and kill streaks. Verdun isn't without its explosions though as every new player will find out when they are on the receiving end of a massive creeping artillery barrage that forces them to hug the dirt and claw over thier squadmates to find a safe place to hide.Being historically based this game focuses less on team balancing, certain nations just have benefits. The allies will have a better time being on the receiving end of a gas attack as their masks have large single pane lenses, while the German's are forced to use lenses held together by solder, obscuring vision even more. However, the Allies, often have rifles and machine guns that lagged behind some of the cutting edge weaponry of the Germans (including flamethrowers, box fed machineguns, and a high-caliber anti-tank rifle).My personal favourite ascpect of the game is the reliance on teamwork, you wiil actually get to know people you play with. Kill/death ratio amount for such a small amount of the score that they are almost irrelevant. A player can have almost no kills but be the highest scoring player in the match because they supported thier team and took the most ground.If you want a shooter with great graphics and sound, historical accuracy (for a game), and are looking for a cooperative experience, this is for you."
76561198066671890,Recommended,242860,10030422,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Pancakes_o3o,"Great WW1 FPS, good leveling system, varied weapons, many classes to choose from, and very little problems presented to me. Great game overall, with great music in the main menu :D."
,Recommended,242860,15210736,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ItsGamerFreak,"This is really an awesome game for anyone interested in WWI or just First Person Shooters in general.  The back and forth between trenches is something that no other game in my opinion has ever really captured like Verdun, and the melee combat is a blast. I would definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,242860,35351347,Posted: 30 September,all,Friedhelm Winter,"First time: *Spawned* 'Yey, let's do this' *Dead* 'What the ♥♥♥♥'.   *Spawned* 'Ok, let's do this again' *Dead* 'AAARGH!!!'Once you get the hang of it, it's really fun and then you can be the one terrorising newbies."
,Recommended,242860,19351595,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Great Shatsby,Best historical shooter I've ever seen!
,Not Recommended,242860,29364627,Posted: 19 January,all,INCREDIBILIS INFIRMUS ETIAM,You could dig a trench with this shovelware.
,Recommended,242860,22653840,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Trilly D,Only played maybe 30 hours. Iv owned the game since day 1! Worth it on sale not full price its fun as ♥♥♥♥ truely requires aim  its historical an all that but lets be real we re here to kill other peeps. 4/5 hope the game is polished an ready to go soon.
76561198045146614,Recommended,242860,15663356,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Good boy,"I have bought this game not too long ago, and so far I love it. The two gamemodes are good. The rifle deathmatch might be considered by some a little hard, but it says it is a skill-based gamemode, so don't expect it so be really easy. This game is fun, and I think it is worth $20."
76561197991420363,Recommended,242860,20298965,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SideSh0w,"A military historian once wrote ""Eye Deep in Hell"" to explain the fighting in World War I. This title, from his book comes from the poet Ezra Pound, who also wrote an epitaph for the soldiers who survived and died on the mud caked battlefields of this meat grinder of a war.Now you can go and read these writers or you can just go play Verdun."
76561198065361059,Recommended,242860,15079088,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,X-imans08,"Have you ever stabbed a man, ever smashed someones face with a trench club, ever chock someone with gas, ever play as a Frenchman? Neither had I until I played Verdun, this game offers the full WW1 experience. If you're interested in some bolt rifle action or want to play in the trenches then look no further. Very friendly community who try to help out newer players. I recommend this game for those who like FPS and history. This game has taught me a greater appreciation for my great grandfather and for J.R.R Tolkien. Give it a try and I'll see you out on the battlefield!!!"
76561198007393646,Recommended,242860,12648986,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Lambert,All not so quiet on the Western Front
76561198065643891,Recommended,242860,28225744,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sir Alfred,"When you’re lying face down in the mud with a bullet in your chest after a valiant charge over the top, the rain of mortar shells flying by, hearing your squad mate gurgling in his own blood. But you can't give up, not yet so you pick yourself to your feet and look through the haze and there and enemy German, boom you fire you gun, miss. The dam German fires back and down you go.I would recommend this game, still recovering from the stress but great game."
76561198112034699,Recommended,242860,13609649,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lumb3rj4ck,the face of war was never so accurate a bung of guys fighting in the mud... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198094663718,Recommended,242860,13064393,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,KappaWildGorilla,Nothing like the smell of blood and mud in the morning.
76561198042761078,Recommended,242860,8652098,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Slajdarn,I sat in a trench for 1 hour shooting frenchies until i got bored and decided it was a good idea to charge out into the middle of the field and get sprayed down by 3 mg's.10/10. would play again.
76561198050710939,Recommended,242860,13788367,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ResIpsaLiquor,"This game is frustrating and wonderful. It is not COD, and it shouldn't be. Every battle begins variously with charging at the enemy and definitely getting gunned down or gunning down the enemy who is charging at you in a near hopeless, but sometimes fruitful attempt to get into the ruddy trench you are in. That's just the experience of the game, but there is far more.Want to shoot a machine gun? You'll have to work for it. No-one starts this game with machineguns or SMGs, they either end up with a pistol and a bundle of grenades or with one of the bolt-action rifles each of the various entente and central powers sent their boys out with. You'll ask questions like: Why the hell did the French design a rifle with only three rounds that could not be reloaded in between? Why? Then you'll realize the beauty of the Lee Enfield and the utilitarian vigor of the G98. The choice of weapon is decided based on which power your squad is with, the role in the quad you get, and how well you have fought in that role to garner various specializations. It's a nice system, and I have enjoyed the fun of trying to level up every specialty. It's a good way of promoting experiementation which I appreciate.What about Beta?This game has some obvious bugs which can screw up the sky and ground, but for the most part, the game still needs development in it's matchmaking capabilities. Too often, players are sent into battles without enough other players, and the game doesn't seem to send new players where they are needed, because you stick with your squad into the net battle. That design has its pros, but the con is that empty games, while uncommon, occur too frequently for a good release.Oftentimes, the servers time out and you get dropped from a game, or your squad doesn't get a position in a battle, and you therefore have to retry making your squad.The friend function in the game is skeletal. The developers obviously have the buttons there to make everything else functional, but there is no easy way of connecting players with their steam accounts and getting steam friends into games can sometimes be difficult. There are great examples of how to make this system function, and I think the developers will do it justice.The community on the game has been largely understanding of the beta status, as well, and in in-game chat, I've seen the regular amount of trolling and criticism, but it seems that most of the players are pretty into the game with all its drawbacks, and would rather have a good game and some fun, than ruin the experience for anyone else.Verdun is a great game. There are some problems, but it has the makings to be the first truly successful game set in the Great War. If you have a love for realism, and can deal with being shot repeatedly, you should get it."
76561198091330160,Recommended,242860,15611678,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mistar Salt,wood vernun agen
,Recommended,242860,30457173,Posted: 11 March,all,Merim,"Its a tough game if you either dont know what you're doing or you are not good at long range combat. This game can be a bit frustrating but with some patience and good marksmanship, you'll be able to come around. In this game, you have to rely on rifles and probably a few pistols. There are classes that will provide you weapons, whether you will get rifle, sniper, pistol, melee, etc.You cant really choose guns (besides Deathmatch, And i think Team Deathmatch (havent really tried it due to servers there being dead most of the time)). If you really are bad at the game, you can always play defense mode, where you and your 3 teams need to survive and defend the trenches. It should be noted this game involves Trench Warfare from the first World War.Theres rarely hackers from what I've played through, normally I can tell if theres so many kills from that same person (i give like, 7 or over though its not possible to kill so many with some bullets that usually holds up to 10 depending which gun you use). Just the only thing you will put up with are people that knows how to aim well, which you can randomly die if you are not careful or cautious. Sometimes, you are better off running forward than cautiously walking forward as you aim. The field is very open, with hills to use for cover or any objects.The field is pretty much sniper heaven (or hell, whatever you think of it). Whether you snipe someone or they snipe at you, its dangerous. Close range combat is rare, which can happen if enemies are in your trenches or nearby. It can also happen if you are at their trenches.The Trench Mode is where it usually gets most of the players from, it becomes more or less populated. Probably the only mode where it is fairly populated, Defense mode is second considering all you need is 4 people. Deathmatch is free for all so if you want to kill everyone. And Team Deathmatch, hardly populated.Servers through countries are also varies. Because the usual populated servers from what I seen are US and EU. The rest is usually dead far as I know (havent exactly seen all). If you are not in US or EU, you will probably get dead servers that is unless you bring friends (though that'll help on Defense Mode well as it requires 4 people for the fun to start, but other modes i am not sure).As for Defense Mode, its simple. As I said it requires 4, and you are fighting bot controlled players through waves. Survive as long as you can, and whatever you die at is your record.Get this if you are in US or EU, servers are fairly good.Edit: Forgot to mention theres machine guns you can get, though some can either require you to mount it or allow you to shoot or mount it. Aiming down, you cant do."
,Recommended,242860,15129445,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SNAFU,This game is fun and historically acurate. The only problem I have is the bugs. But hopefully these problems will be fixed one the game is finished.I would recommed this game.
,Recommended,242860,23293531,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Váli,You see all those negative posts about how they cant do anything and keep dying?Yeah those are from CoD players and co. This game is for REAL gamers!
76561197966939279,Recommended,242860,24060369,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HkSniper,A tactical shooter in a very rare time period. The game does very well replicating the back and forth of trench warfare. It's just a shame it's not more popular. If you are a fan of Red Orchestra you will find yourself fairly at home with this game. Since the new engine update things look and feel a lot better. They tend to add content more and more which is great.
,Recommended,242860,24056112,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,parsnipdotcom,Bought the game on sale.Died alot.Got warm with the game in 1 hour.Playing since then 4 hours without a break.Verdun is war and it's a fantastic game! Screw BF1
,Recommended,242860,17494808,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Selective,"Verdun. Has a very nice atmosphere to the game and is fun to play with friends. Everything is pretty balanced as far as the eye can see. You got your different squads, each one different from the other. You unlock specializations with carrier points you get from leveling up. And your level depends on the abilities you get in the squad. It's all so dandy!There is one problem though, the network connection. Sometimes whilst playing I will take 3 shots at someones head or torso with a pistol or a rifle and they don't die, they take a shot at me and I fall flat on the ground dead. That can occur and if you have a short temper, maybe you shouldn't play this to often. I just rub it off as one of those every once and awhile problems and keep playing.Overall, if you like old fashioned combat like this here. I recommend this!"
,Recommended,242860,10648443,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,zombly,10/10would get 60 kills in a match again
76561198114199329,Recommended,242860,22864766,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kevin,"Great graphics, balanced, and very much like WWI. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,19154114,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jazzmaster,This game is such a fresh and original experience. If you're into history or great fps's or both buy this game now. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,25339011,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Double Fudge,More realistic WW1 game then Battlefield 1. 8/10 from me
,Recommended,242860,23870106,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ArcticPlatypus,"This game is absolutely amazing. The historical realism is better than any game I have ever seen. Battling in this game really gives the feel of being in World War 1, something Battelfield 1 has no chance of doing with all of its prototype, barely used semiautomatic and automatic weapons. Verdun stays true to the time period, and immerses the player into the brutal war of World War 1."
,Recommended,242860,24103535,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Purgen,"It changed a lot since 2013. A LOT.I miss the old rifleplay, but the new one is not so different. Maybe the sensitivity settings make it feel different.Generally, it is a lot more stable than it was before, even tho the low end PCs may not be able to play it above 12-15 fps average.Overall, it's a damn fine game, and all the frustrations with ranking up in 2013/2014 just for the progress to be lost because ♥♥♥♥♥♥ server hosting sorted itself out, and you get a lot of points to spend on your weapons."
,Recommended,242860,16809002,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,GasMask,"Unique. I don't remember playing any WW I FPS game. The graphics and modeling are not top of the line, but it's not bad either. Doesn't matter. This game is beautiful.Man, this game is also hard! One shot kill. How it's supposed to be. I (really) like that.Trench war, gas masks (yay!), bolt action rifles... Indeed it was a very tense war."
76561198124441849,Recommended,242860,20170537,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Brand Name Doves,"Awesome game. Very interesting mechanics. You work in a 4 man squad, with each man having a different role. From the pistol-brandishing officer, to the trench club wielding Raider, you should be able to find a loudout that fits your playstyle.A couple of things to be noted though:The game is going for realism, which means 1 rifle bullet kills you, so expect to die a lot when you get started (you can survive a couple pistol bullets).THE GAS WILL KILL YOUSO WILL BARBED WIRESo be smart; gas mask-up and be careful around the wire.The graphics are good, and the game is extremely fun."
,Recommended,242860,16103841,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Alex Jones,I paid for this game when it was just released from early access  for the full price of 22.99 us dollarsVerdun is a simulation from what it was like to be in the bloodiest battle in WW1The guns and the authentic weaponry is amazing they nail down the recoil so I found myself missing with a weapon that isnt long range.Even though you can die alot it still can be fun even the atmosphere gets crazy as you see you friend get picked off you have to duck down and use your surroundings.Best world war simulation game I have ever played.
,Recommended,242860,16092097,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Hpstorian,"Verdun is, as it stands, an fun game version of combat on the Western Front of the First World War. It naturally takes historical liberties and these make it not simply a bland historical simulator. The 'frontlines' game type and the maps it is played on is balanced enough that you get these great tug of war scenarios, so every victory really feels like a success. The maps are surprisingly diverse considering the setting, though for being named 'Verdun' there aren't as many sprawling forts as you'd expect.There is room for improvement in the squad system (which is far from intuitive) and the way the game deals with team balance.While I play and enjoy a range of games set in historical and current day conflicts, this of all I felt the most uncomfortable about, which is odd. I guess WWI has a particular place in, at least Australia's, cultural psyche.Overall it is a fun game and I would recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,14606344,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dan,"So this is probably the best WW1 game to have been made (even though that list is VERY small).The weapons are very realistic, and the gun play is second to none. The back-and-forth pushing and retreating to and from the trenches across No Mans Land is just as it was. It really gives a sense of the type of warfare conducted 100 years ago.Proper WW1 trench warfare with accurate weapons including chlorine gas attacks, various pushing and retreating cycles, and if you get stuck in the barbed wire, you either die from being stuck and bleeding or get shot. It's only in Beta but it's pretty well done. Think of it like Battlefield, you join as 4 player squads within the server, and have 4x squads on each team versing each other."
,Recommended,242860,22869665,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,NomAlc,"A great WW1 shooter which requires tactics, teamwork and a bit of luck. Beinga lonewolf, I, too, enjoy this game very much. Sure, there are several bugs here and there but it doesn't take away from the game. If you like WW1 era games; being it sneaky in the trenches or just charging down the no man's land like a madman, you will enjoy this game very much. So, to keep it short, Yes I recommend this game wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,242860,17002171,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,jesh,I'm not sure how many millions of people died in the actual war but I'm 99% sure my overall death count in this game exceeds the numbers dead by a fair margin
76561198018448247,Recommended,242860,16635099,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,czebureki,nice
,Recommended,242860,23867463,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,CrinklyCape1025,"I peaked my head out of the trench for a second and was immediatly killed, and a wave of immersion washed over me, 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,20078053,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,heinrich.böller,"really nice shooter with an ummatched historical theme, the first world war. it has a good shooter mechanic and just awesome maps, for me, some of the best ever seen in fps games. the different classes and roles offer a great opportunity for team play. the developer team is devoted and ambitious,right now at the turn to 2016 it really suffers from perfomance issues and it did now and then through out early access and beyond. but these things got and will be fixed in the past and future.really outstanding shooter that deserves respect. recommended. buy!"
,Recommended,242860,15613766,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Lt. Don Draper,"OverallEspecially recommended to lovers of history, first person shooters and maybe even indie games.It's a stressful and at times difficult game, but I find myself coming back to it frequently because it can actually be relaxing. The slower paced, trench warfare allows me to take a sip of tea while crawling through bombed landscape, then put my tea down and stand up to charge through the front lines with my handgun drawn. The game is definitely better than when it first came to Steam, and watching it grow up has been pleasant.If you're on the edge about this game and you don't have a good computer, I would opt for not getting it. Being able to see far and well is pretty important.The idea of the game is to take the place of a front lines Great War (World War I) soldier, either for Germans, French, English, and I think even Polish and Canadians. I can't always tell because the names of the squads are in their native language and description. The game falls short sometimes with the actual multiplayer battles, as sometimes a stalemate is impossible and sometimes sniper rifles can dominate, etc. But I do enjoy it, especially when everything goes well. The game attempts to keep squads together, but that doesn't always happen. When it does it goes more well, but that's only one factor.Each squad has a squad leader who can call aerial support and lead the others for point bonuses. Then there's usually a rifleman/spotter, grenadier, and machine-gunner. With increase in rank allows you to easily level up each class (each class only has 2 upgrades past the initial set).Usually, rifles are a 1-shot kill to make progress through teamwork as slow, and really divides skill well. Snipers may be too strong, sometimes, and machineguns may not have appropriate motivation to be set up. Sometimes as the machine gunner I just switch to a rifle instead.ProsExtremely immersive and accurate.All guns, weapons, and infantryman are from the Great War itself, including the guns, chemical weapons (it even tells you the name) and squad names.The game punishes ""pacifists"" and rewards following the directions of your commander. Switching roles has a nice setup, and when teams are unbalanced the game attempts to force a balance, but only with the consent of the powerful team (which receives are point penalty until a balance).Semi-tactical gameplay. It'll never be Counter-Strike, but it is loads farther than Call of Duty or Battlefield.Great gunwork. Sometimes I have trouble aiming from far away, but bullet drop is the only fault. That and maybe imprecise gun iron sights that I'm not accustomed to.Nice variation of weapon combinations, albeit not really that many. They feel different for what it's worth.I like the casual leveling system. It has a lot of freedom and it's quick. You'll never feel like you wasted time unlocking something pointless. I always have leftover points.Teamwork is really felt when capturing trenches, and it feels nice to all charge in together to see your teammates mowed down, but your enemy mowed down even more.ConsThis is about the playstyle, but if you are one that doesn't like to rapidly get back into the action, you may not like this game. Impatience hurts you a lot. Charging through fortifications and hills is a call to instant death unless you're careful. It can be really annoying to be killed by the same sniper 10 times, and just as annoying to be killed by a stray grenade. Dying is easy. Wionning is slow. Ties are frequent.Game isn't that balanced when it comes to winners vs. losers, but again, that's a minor complaint.Verdun is more akin to an experiment than a story. It has its progressions and I hope it continues to improve.Not really any variation to playstyle or matches. There's Deathmatch and Advance-through-the-trenches-one-by-one-mode, or whatever they are called.Slow computers have a big disadvantage in not seeing as far or as quickly. Each fight is like a pounce, and a lag could kill you easily.Not enough skills. Each class feels the same except for the guns.Matches are long.A bad squad leader makes me angry; although doesn't actually ruin the game. It's like not having one at all, which is okay sometimes."
,Recommended,242860,15619921,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Genocidocles,I blew up 6 guys with a mortar barage and then bragged about how smart I was.
76561198138585704,Recommended,242860,20384087,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Biiioooo,-Charges at the enemy trench.-Oh i acutally didnt get shot and im half way!-wait whats this countdown?-Gets killed for desertion.K11/10 would charge at defending time again.
76561198106579538,Recommended,242860,26400828,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Invictus,"Verdun is very immersive and fun to play. A bit difficult in the beginning, but after a while rewarding as hell"
,Recommended,242860,28664792,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,booney,"shoot first, ask if they're a German later"
76561198074461355,Recommended,242860,12228122,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,The DONALD,Love the realism it is the best WW1 shooter ever
,Recommended,242860,7991385,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,zombiz,"Fantastic game, it will be amazing when everything is polished up. Currently it plays as if in beta stages, but still a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,242860,23534187,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Brexiteer,This is Battlefield 1 done right. All others are just imitations.
,Recommended,242860,24297675,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Makro,Better than BF1 ever will be.
,Recommended,242860,23855610,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Thunderstruck,"Best shooter i have ever played. Some matcher are so intense and kind of terrifying, that you shoot 50 bullets at anything that moves. You don't know if it was an ally, bird or some goddamned leafes. This is real war combat. 1 shot and you are dead. Not some bs battlefield or CS physics where you take 50 bullets before you died."
,Recommended,242860,13072771,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Papa Franku,Sitting in a boring trench and waiting to get shot is a more efficent waste of time than real life.9/10
,Recommended,242860,25293264,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Vectrex720,"Simple WW1 FPS. It has a little bit of something for everyone, great casually or if you want to get into it with a clan or some friends. Sure it's buggy and the topic of realism is controversial, but it has a charm that's kept me around."
,Recommended,242860,24168755,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mirza1453,Great WW1 game!!
76561198117148882,Recommended,242860,32081521,Posted: 31 May,all,FluffyRocket32,Realistic- CheckFun- CheckNot a propaganda against white people and our history-  Double check
,Recommended,242860,9394481,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Get a lung full of dope smoke,♥♥♥♥ you Orwell10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,242860,13950594,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,hogwarz21,"I have fallen in love with this game. If you are looking for something that is different than  a lot of first person shooters then this is the game for you! If you get some friends on as well then you can make a squad and really go far. The game does have a few bugs, none are gamebreaking however and it is still in early access. I would highly recommend to anyone who likes true objective based first person shooters."
,Recommended,242860,8159085,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dasher,"A pretty good fps for WWI, it does an exceptional job at representing what the war in the trenches was like. However, it is quite laggy, probably since it's still in beta mode or my computer is just being a soulless dickbag. Overall, I like it."
76561197975933977,Recommended,242860,12920369,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Peggy Bum-Stuff,"I thought I was done with FPS games. I'd given up thinking that anyone could make the formula fun again. I'd asumed that any online multiplayer FPS would be populated entirely by jerks intent on making your gaming experience miserable.Verdun proved me wrong. So very, very wrong.Verdun is a seriously brilliant team-based FPS. The game mechanic of opposing forces attacking and counter attacking; driving each other out of a position and having to hold it is terrific. It really makes you think of your role in the team and not just racking up your kill count.Also, if like me you're a history buff; the developers have spent a lot of time getting the setting, uniforms and weapons to feel authentic; but they've still managed to balance the ""game"" aspects excellently.As for your online gaming experience  - the players are, almost to a person, a friendly lot. They won't give you a second chance if you mess up (bang!), but they're not going to grief you or otherwise make your experience unpleasant.One note for new players - there's a very steep learning curve. You will die A LOT. You usually won't know where that fatal shot came from, either. That can be frustrating. Stick with it. The game rewards ongoing play.I can't recommend this game highly enough. Buy it, buy it, buy it. Support an indy dev team with a great idea and a great product."
,Recommended,242860,15469880,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Commissar1032,"Verdun: 1914-1918 is a game that takes place during The Great World War/The First World War. It is to my knowledge the only commercial game out there that deals with the Great War from a first person perspective (that is not NECROVISION or BlackOps II Zombies). It has been in development since 2006 (thank you developers for releasing that little timeline video) but with all of this in mind you can look at Verdun with the rose tinted glasses of being a “special snowflake” or “gem in a sea of coal.” I have been playing since you could play with it in the browser version of Unity a few years back and I have seen massive changes in the game for the better.The Good:-It is a fun game, it is an exasperating game, and it is a game that gives you some semblance of what it would be like to be in the trenches and play in the gas.It has a very fair amount of historical accuracy behind it and the developers are keen on keeping it that way.-As you level and the people you play with level your squad (the people you choose to have in the same squad with you) will in turn level and unlock all sorts of nice little abilities such as better gas/arty/reloading times/etc. Oh and let’s not forget the uniforms.-It has been updated to Unity5 and feels a lot more polished and looks great.-It is a hard game, and you will get mad at it, there are some people who nade spam a bit but in all reality it is not un-justified; it is one of the very few ways of trench clearing without putting yourself or your squad in danger.-Call of Duty tactics will get you nowhere, communication and coordination is key to success in this game.-The voice chat system is squad only and is frankly good enough.The Bad:-It is kind of buggy and wigs out for some people.-You might run into server joining issues due to some issue with the matchmaker.-It runs on Unity and tends to have its moments of temper tantrums with rendering anything. (I play on all Ultra with a very nice rig and I still get issues)-Optimizations come and go as patches are released (though the dev's are keen on fixing new issues that arise)-Waiting around for the massive updates to be released.Overall:-Buy the game it is fun, it is stressful, IT IS VERDUN!!!"
76561198144767290,Recommended,242860,25999993,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,PongkillerChan,This game is better than Battlefield 1. As a history buff i think this is way more accurate than Battlefield 1 which is totally rubbish from a historian point of view
,Recommended,242860,16607202,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Da Onix,"If it had gore and lots of screaming, this would truely be WW1 simulator."
,Recommended,242860,28615606,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jgbspqr,"Kinda cool. If they made a part two I bet it would be a lot better. But I like the idea of it more than the gameplay. Worth the price, especially on sale. But I would bet most won't play this very long."
76561198102455204,Recommended,242860,9436647,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Squeeze_me-mac,"Knick knack paddywhack and give your dog a bone, baby"
76561198007611160,Recommended,242860,17486779,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Hoagie Sandwich,You will get shot. You will get frustrated. You will feel like everyone is being a lil idiot. You will also run into a trench with a club and wipe out the entire enemy team. Case closed. Awesome game.
76561197995120405,Recommended,242860,15282260,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Dr. FuManchu,"Hallo!Big Surprise, a WWI - Game...and what should i say.... I had NEVER NEVER so much fun by playing a ShooterGame!!! Respect ---> 100/100 Points! Buy it :-)"
76561198033808497,Recommended,242860,11459932,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Remove Kebab,"Great game. Most early access games are pretty bad, but this one is great. It's a mix of battlefield and RO. It's not as hardcore as RO where you bleed to death and everything, but you can't tank a bullet. You can take up to 2 shots depending on how far the shooter was. The game is really well made and really makes you feel like you're in the middle of the great war fighting in the trenches. If you're looking for a decently realistic shooter then Verdun is your game."
76561197986450531,Recommended,242860,15616938,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Heineken,Awesome Game! Buy it!
76561197987282554,Recommended,242860,16590793,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,~{1E}~ FjChris,"A very nice and challenging Realism FPS, following in the footsteps of games such as Red Orchestra (1!!!) and Darkest hour. Essentially contains two game modes: Frontlines - a mode in which both sides take turns in trying to take each others trenches or positions. The attacking side/defending side has 3 minutes to take/hold their objective after which roles are inverted if a position is/is not taken/held. The second mode is a FFA deathmatch for training purpose or whomever might enjoy it. (Frontlines is the true essence of the game) Graphics have considerably improved since it got out of early access and is in my opinion on a 2011 AAA standard. Sound effects are clear and create a believable background of WW1 battlefield in terms of noises/sound. The only downside I see at this point in time is the lack of new maps which will sooner or later cause me to loose interest. Nonetheless for an Indie title and a WW1 definately the best so far made and out at this moment. If you enjoyed RO 1 or Darkest Hour, you will also most likely have a ball with Verdun."
76561198019265633,Recommended,242860,19843573,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Colactix,"It's rare to get a decent FPS game now. Although Verdun is just that. It's nothing like Call of Duty or Battlefield, or really anything else on the market. From a relatively small team this indie game is almost perfection. Good graphics, sound, animations. Sure, it might not be as polished as an AAA game, but in reality the slight clunkiness adds something appropriate to the setting of WW1 - for all I know it was intended. It's hardcore, as it should be. Most guns kill with one shot, and the ampount of research work gone into making it authentic is very apparent.If you're looking for something differnet. Something with regular updates and a very conistent and nice community then you should definately try it. Stick with it from the beginning, with a little time it will all make sense, all of it. That's the best part, it's not unnecesarily dumbved down. See you in the trenches!"
76561198014527861,Recommended,242860,23780682,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rubyshoe,"It is just like every other multi-player shooter game I've ever played, only different due to the setting and theme and better because it comes without the douchey FPS community you become so acustomed over time.Also, if you jump to avoid bullets, you catch bullets. If you catch bullets, you die.  This perhaps, in and of itself, is why I prefer this tactical and more true to life and death approach in this genre."
76561198025619085,Recommended,242860,16457655,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FlashBang,WW1 ! ! !  Best game ever.. !
76561197982233872,Recommended,242860,12822127,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Haetavar,Amazing game.
,Recommended,242860,26031621,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,iCare jamie,love it love it love it buy it
,Recommended,242860,32069189,Posted: 30 May,all,Dynamite,The realistic Battlefield 1!
,Recommended,242860,23679645,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Damston,"Man... what can i say about Verdun. Its an amazing game. I really injoy spending spending as much of my free time as i can in this game. The game doesn't demand much from the user for it to run smoothly. I really injoy the trench warfare, it can get intense. Weapons are nice and handle well. Not many bugs from what i've seen. Really recomend it. Can't wait to see what they add in later updates, and im excited to play this game when its out on consoles as well. If you are reading through the reviews deciding to get the game, you should.  I love every second of it."
,Recommended,242860,8609576,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Murikov,"The game is getting better and better (Beta V164), I really do look forward to the new features coming from that indeed small developer team - again hats off!Verdun is comparable to Red Orchestra and the classic Call of Dutys. The gameplay, involving capturing enemy terrain, is pretty simple and can be learnt is a couple of minutes. Mastering i,t though, is another thing. You'll be dying pretty often if you don't make efficient use of trenches, craters and other forms of cover. Then there's the gas, machine guns, mortar strikes, .....Some details need a bit of refinishing though, like the interface for switching sides (pressing TAB+ESC in-game is quite awkward if you ask me) or the use of the Command features like calling in mortar strikes. Maybe a tutorial would be a help to confused newcomers?Anyway, if you're looking for a decent Multiplayer-FPS based in World War One, then Verdun is your first choice by now. And it's getting better with every update!"
,Recommended,242860,10818391,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tankie CS.DEALS,"In my opinion Verdun is a great World war 1 FPS, There havnt been many WW1 Games out there so i am very happy that this has come out. The gameplay in my opinion is pretty good considering that the game is still in beta. The squads are a unique feature and it has fairly sized maps. Seeing that the game was made by only 3 developers is pretty impressive. The graphics are pretty good and the guns are pretty accurate, The voices were a nice touch too. I recommend this to anyone who is into FPS's"
,Recommended,242860,8392108,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,☩♚Skipper™♚☩,"For an indie game still in development, Verdun is pretty well done. It is a First World War fps based around the French-German battle of Verdun in 1916. I'm going to say this straight off the block, the game it seems most like, is Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad, just with lesser quality graphics, less polished gameplay, and funny running animations. This is not a bad thing. Infact it is a good thing in my eyes, whilst not being a big fps fan I was able to enjoy this due to my enjoyment of RO2. The game puts you in squads of 4 men, one person in each squad plays a different class from NCO's, Riflemen, Machine gunners, and Grenadiers and your aim is to keep pushing your enemy back through the lines of trenches, without losing your own. Straight from this you can tell the developers are encouraging teamplay, which is a very good sign. The system works ok on the overall, as you attack a trench, if you take it before the time limit you defend it from counter-attack before moving on, if you fail to attack it you have to defend against a counter-attack also, pretty basic. However I believe the spread of classes into classes that were not very common in WW1 has caused this to change slightly. The 4 man squad 1 per class has meant that 25% of the battlefield are each class, now whilst this goes for teamworking balanced gameplay it lacks that WW1 stalemate kind of authenticity where you get riflemen (the common conscript taking up a large percentage of the army) charging in masses against an enemy trench, clearly in view, getting mowed down by machine gun fire. This means you instead get people sitting around in shell holes with machine guns and shooting at the defenders who can't move far unless they are ""executed for deserting"" when the machine gunner should be attacking. Whilst I would have loved to see the masses of soldiers charging over no-mans land to the sound of the officers whistle with machine gun fire rattling and men falling head over heels all around you, it is something we have to live with and is evident that is not the path the developers have chosen, it would be hard for that anyway with the terrain being so devastated. My only other grope with the game is the fact that it is purely based on Verdun (hear me out), as whilst this is intentional, I have seen many people complaining about the huge numbers of German players as France seems very unpopular, also a number of German and British players have been complaining at the lack of Great Britain. Maybe when the game expands they will add the somme as a dlc or something, idk. Overall I thoroughly enjoy playing Verdun and feel as though it is one of those games you go on for a quick match, purely for the light hearted (I meant the gameplay not truth behind it) gameplay.My rating: 7/10Buy it if you appreciate that it is still under development, enjoy fps games like RO2, have a fascination for the historical time period, and are willing to give it some time at first. It is a good game and worth paying the cheap price for it."
76561198040561856,Recommended,242860,15756353,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,<OF> hexadecimal,"The best example of early access on steam, one of the updates x2 FPS. 9.458767/10"
,Recommended,242860,12535778,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Dosedmonkey,"At first, the frontline was an alien place, I charged over the top only to be mowed down by enemy fire. I tried again, shot by snipers whilst cowering in no mans land.Being used to normal FPS play, I tried to apply it to this game, and first felt a little frustrated, but then once I learnt the game a little more after a couple of hours play, changed my tactics and motions to trench and muddy no mans land fighting. The game became amazing, and amazed me how well it was working.First joining the squad, and the squad being automatically placed in to a frontline battle where needed seemed bizarre, but after a couple of hours I felt we needed to win the war, I needed to lead my fellow men to victory.The experience system does work well, although it takes a while to unlock new weapons, you do constantly upgrade your other abilities gradually, wether its skill with guns you have or artillery called in. Also each squad gains experience as it goes along also, adding abilities to all those in the squad.For a cheap early access indie game, it is incredibly good quality, with little bugs in it, and great fun to be had. It's climbing closer and closer to the quality of Red Orchestra 2, but with a new gameplay style, with world war one trenches, which for the first time I have seen, working well in a FPS game. Revolutionary style of gameplay with classic FPS ease is a garanteed winner for any FPS player, and currently the early access price is very reasonable.If your a FPS fan, I wouldn't want to miss out on this."
76561197965447908,Not Recommended,242860,30514761,Posted: 14 March,all,rlg007,"If you are thinking about buying this game, read the negative reviews (many reviews bring up the same issues)(sort by ""most recent"" too). I would recommend this game when it is on sale, but not at full price.Barely WWI. Gas and barbed wire and graphics are the only thing that is WWI. But barbed wire does not kill in 5 seconds irl. No WWI feel.Summary-  CLUNKY CONTROLS (this deserves caps), too few players per map (16 per side). bad map design, lack of sound effects or battle atmosphere, game cant handle lag, and weak pistols. It is also a pain to pick a full sever. ""Squad"" is weird and not useful.As others have said - clunky controls. Your character goes to crouch or prone like he is an old man doing some gardening, not like an 18 year old getting shot at. Often times you press the run button and your guy doesnt seem to do much. One of the problems seems to be the ""crouch"" position, I dont think the game can transition to a run from a crouch. There is no jogging crouch like in RO. Coming from from a game like Red Orchestra, this game's controls are horible for a game in 2017.**Edit** I have been experimenting with the clunky controls to figure out why they are so bad and I have dicovered a few things. First off, your stamina bar only lasts for 9 seconds of running. After that 9 seconds you stop, then start walking. In a game like, oh I dont know, RO, if you are sprinting and run out of stamina is keep going at a slow jog. In Verdun you are either sprinting OR walking. Secondly, when you hit the prone button your character does not drop to the ground. He transitions (for a split second) into a crouch then he goes prone. Sometimes the game seems to stop (or slow way down) at the crouch position. This leads you to press the prone button multiple times. But Verdun plays a trick on you. The prone button is used to stand up too. You will press the prone button frantically to avoid fire, but you will find yourself standing up into fire. Lastly, the game allows you to hold an aim when it shouldnt. If you are aiming and crouch you still hold your ami. You stand up, you hold your aim. When you go prone I think you still hold your aim (I will have to check this in game). This leads to a lot (I mean a lot) of jack-in-the-box shooting. Other games like RO your gun collides with the terrian, so in a lot of instances you cant pop down then up (without losing your aim). These clunky controls, makes me feel like your character is in boot camp and the drill instructor is yelling ""DONT GET YOUR GUN DIRTY PRIVATE!!!"" When you hit crouch, your character takes his time and holds his gun up. When you go prone, the game transitions in to a crouch (carefully) then goes prone. It feels like your character is trying to keep his gun from getting scratches. It reminds me of the pictures of Vietnam, with the soldiers holding their guns over their head while crossing a stream.Here are some other cons:-Too few players per map. There are only 16 player per side and in another post one of the developers said that the maps are narrower so the player count isnt noticed. No, this is not true. At any given time you are attacking or defending a trench 100-200 yards wide with 8 guys, because half of your team is always dead or just spawned and running up. With 8 guys per 100 yards, this does not seem like a WW1 game, and this leads to a lot of running and gunning.**Edit** Besides the low player count per map, the ""squad"" system makes it hard to pick a map to join. The ""squad"" is not useful and I think the only reason it was added was to shut people up, and to stop them from asking, ""Why didnt you add americans?"" and ""Why didnt you add Canadians?"" Each squad member having a job plays no part in this game. Each side is sooooo small (only 16 people MAX) you are really just watching out for your side as a whole. If you have a sniper on your squad, he is not going to be watching out for you squad, he is going to be watching out for your whole team (heck it is only a few more people). The squad system over complicates the screen to join a server and it over complicates choosing your weapon. Your squad does not stick together. You stick with the people you spawn with. Period.-Bad map design (or you could call it ""spawn"" design). You spawn either right where the other team is trying to attack or you spawn right in front of where the other team already is. About 25% you will get killed within 5 seconds of spawning. Spawning within 10 feet of an enemy is common. He will just sit there and kill your whole wave, or you will have to joy of spawning in front of an MG. It is possible to spawn in the middle of a gas attack.-Another spawn issue - Each time you spawn (or maybe it is random) you alternate sides of the map. You spawn on the left flank then the right flank. This makes it VERY hard for new people to learn the battle field. Every time you spawn, you think to yourself, ""Where the hell am I ?"" You whole team spawning back and forth does not make sense. It makes even less sense when you are defending. Once you find a nice spot, but dont see any enemies, dont worry! A whole group of them will spawn on your side of the battlefield in about 12 seconds. This makes defending VERY predicable (and this makes attacking hard, not because of any other factors).-Other map issues - wierd bunkers. In many maps there are sandbag walls with holes for shooting, but the designers of the games made the firing ""slits"" 3 feet wide and 12 inches high. These firing ""slits"" act less like firing ports and more like frames so the enemy can shoot you. To make matters worse, on a slightly curved bunker there will be 3 or 4 slits across the front and sides so the enemy can shoot you from any direction. The developers of this game need to get some shovels and sandbags and make a little bunker in their office's flowerbeds. A firing slit doesnt have to be big to cover a large arc. I think 8 inches high and 12 inches wide would be plenty.-No atmoshere. The lack of good sound effects and battlefield conditions make the game very unconvicing. There is no fog or dust either. Once again, the game Red Orchestra is better. In RO, artillery booms, mg fire buzzes overhead, people are yelling. Verdun has got to (please, I beg) add a blackout system when artillery and genades hit near by. And mg fire needs to scare your character. Even though RO is many years old, it has a system for these things. A rifle fired from 100 yards away in real life is still LOUD, but in Verdun you only way you know people are shooting at you is when you are dead. Gas masks to not block hearing or vision. In fact the enemy will attack through their own gas just because new players dont put on their masks. Gas is no problem with a mask (or I should say masks are no problem).**Edit** My new ""favorite"" sound effect is when you are trying to crawl it sounds like you are digging in your pocket for your keys but your pocket is full of other stuff: keys, bottle caps, old receits, lose change. You cant crawl an inch without those sound effects. VERY easy to hear people crawling on the other side of a wall.-Lag, or how the game handles lag is bad. I have a 50-80 ping and it is common to see other players warping around the map. I was going to say that the balistics are bad, but I think it is how the game handles lag.-Pistols are worthless (**Edit - Revolvers are worthless. Semi-auto 45 is like a 7 shot machinegun). I heard pistols were nerfed. Pistols are under powered and do not slow down someone you hit. I think pistols should cause a one second stun (or at least a stun that is as long the hit enemy could say, ""Owww""). Torso shots should be 1 hit kill or bleed, wait there is no bleeding death, that is Red Orchestra (good job 2011).-Weapon cycle times. Pistols and bolt action rifle cycle (fire) at a similar rate. I started with a pistol hoping to kick butt in trenches but a rifle's one hit kill, at the same rate of fire, is better."
,Recommended,242860,7748176,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,SquireMcGroggins,"Verdun is a game in the making, but for a game being made by such a small team, it sure is well put together and fun to play. Now with that being said, don't forget this game is being worked on as I type this. So be catious of various bugs/glitches and report them when you can.This game has accurate guns so far and the gameplay seems to be balanced, Looking forward to seeing what the future holds for this game."
76561198019417237,Recommended,242860,14007888,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hauggy,"Very good and unique WW1 game on the way and for a quite decent price.I can't recommend it enough it's really a lot of fun.The game improved a lot since early access and now it's just looking great.I'm looking forward for the new updates to come and all the great things announced like gore, hardcore mode with no crosshair, new nations and new squads, flamethrowers...EtcEnjoy it's worth every penny !One more thing several Free DLC were announced !!!"
,Recommended,242860,25239764,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,J123oseph,"Ignore all these negative reviews. They all come from sweaty scrubs who don't even does quickScOpes. Only way 2 win is 2 get a scoped rifle (Never use the scope) rush into trenches and get as many noScOpes as possible. Afterwards complain how your team is not as good as you then you trash talk the enemy team. For enhanced results drink GFuel® and experience G-Fuel Energy, Sports Drinks, eSports, pro athletes, vitamin and supplements. Step up your game!"
76561198142533371,Recommended,242860,34804573,Posted: 7 September,all,Kekistani Squeaker (im on twitch,is that a log or a german
,Recommended,242860,12440613,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,CrispApple,"Great Game play!Graphics-Different variations--- Good graphics --- Variations of graphics--- Low | Alright--- Medium | A few changes from Low--- High | Great Turrain looks and Person looks--- Ultra | About the same as High but changes with water, turrain, and people looks.--- I recommend Ultra (If your PC can handle it.Graphics---Post effects (Additional graphic changes)--- Post effects, High Dynamic Range, Depth of Field, Ambient Ocllusion, Anti Aliasing.--- Very good- Recommended.Controls- Easy, WASD, Right and left click, G,X,E,SPACEBAR--- Can change controls if desired.Sound- Good, Voices are good, but can be squeaky at times.Gameplay- Very Deep, Good,and fun. Shoot, Throw Grenade, Call Artillery, Command your soldiers. Different types of mortiers (Depends on Squad Rank). And Call Patrol Planes to search for Enemies.Rank- Minimum 0 | Maximum 100 |Squad rank-  Very usefull, Can get perks like unlimited sprinting, Creeping Barage (Very Good Mortier) And MUCH MORE.Gun Rank- Unlocks Addition items on the gun (ect. Stripper Clips, Scope, Knife) for Deathmatch.Class rank- Also very useful, Can get better weapons depending on the class.(OTHER THINGS ARE NOT POSTED ON HERE YET)Any Annoying stuff? Sometimes- Bug with 100 rank *Fixed and overdone* And A few more annoying things- But NO DEAL. •Most Bugs fixed!• •Updates average about once every 1-3 weeks• •Also an annual Christmas Truce event•VERY GOOD GAME!I Give this game a 9.5/10. Music is nice too.French translation/traduction française:Jouer grand jeu!Graphics-Différentes variantes --- De bons graphismes --- Variations de graphiques --- Bas | Bon --- Moyen | Quelques changements de faible --- Haut | Grande Turrain regarde et personne regarde --- Ultra | À propos de la même en tant que haut mais les changements avec de l'eau, turrain, et les gens regarde .--- je recommande Ultra (Si votre PC peut gérer.Graphics --- effets post (changements graphiques supplémentaires) --- effets poste, High Dynamic Range, la profondeur de champ, Ambient Ocllusion, Anti Aliasing .--- Très goodwill recommandés.Controls facile, WASD, droit et clic gauche, G, X, E, ESPACE --- Peut contrôles changer si on le souhaite.Sound-Bon, les voix sont bien, mais peut être grinçant à la fois.Gameplay- Très Profonde, Bon, et amusant. Tirer, lancer la grenade, Appel d'artillerie, Commandez vos soldats. Différents types de Mortiers (dépend Squad Rank). Et Appelez Avions de patrouille pour rechercher ennemis.Ranking minimum 0 | maximum 100 |Squad Ranking Très utile, peut obtenir des avantages comme le sprint illimité, rampante Barage (Très bon Mortier) et bien plus encore.Gun Ranking Débloque les éléments d'addition sur le pistolet (ect. Clips Stripper, portée, couteau) pour Deathmatch.Classe Ranking également très utile, peut aller mieux weapond en fonction de la classe.(AUTRES CHOSES NE SONT PAS PUBLIÉ SUR ICI ENCORE)Toute trucs ennuyeux? Bug Sometimes- 100 rang * étant fixé * et un peu plus gênant choses: Mais pas d'accord.Très bon jeu!Je donne à ce jeu un 9,5 / 10. La musique est sympa aussi.German translation/Deutsch-ÜbersetzungGreat Game zu spielen!Grafiken-Verschiedene Variationen --- Gute Grafik --- Variationen Grafiken --- Low | Okay --- Medium | Ein paar von Low --- High | Groß Turrain aussieht und Person sieht --- Ultra-| Über die gleiche als Hoch aber ändert sich mit Wasser, turrain, und die Menschen sieht .--- ich empfehle ultra (Wenn Ihr PC kann damit umgehen.Grafiken --- Kunsteffekte (zusätzliche grafische Änderungen) --- Kunsteffekte, High Dynamic Range, Depth of Field, Ambient Ocllusion, Anti Aliasing .--- Sehr Good empfohlen.Controls- Einfach, WASD, rechts und klicken Sie links, G, X, E, Leertaste --- Kann Kontrollen ändern, wenn gewünscht.Schall Gut, es Stimmen gut, aber kann manchmal quietschende sein.Gameplay- sehr tief, gut und macht Spaß. Schießen, Granate werfen, Anruf Artillerie, Befehligen Sie Ihre Soldaten. Verschiedene Arten von Mortiers (Abhängig von Squad Rang). Und Call Patrol Planes für Feinde zu suchen.Ranking Mindest 0 | Maximal 100 |Kader Ranking Sehr nützlich, Kann Vergünstigungen wie unbegrenzte Sprints zu bekommen, Creeping Barage (sehr gut Mortier) und vieles mehr.Gun Ranking Unlocks Addition Artikel an der Pistole (ect. Stripper Clips, Umfang, Messer) für Deathmatch.Klasse Ranking Ebenfalls sehr nützlich, kann es besser weapond erhalten je nach Klasse.(Andere Dinge sind hier nicht auf noch nicht veröffentlicht)Lästige Zeug? Sometimes- Bug mit 100 Rang * fixiert * und ein paar mehr lästige Dinge-aber kein Deal.Sehr gutes Spiel!Ich gebe diesem Spiel eine 9,5 / 10. Musik ist auch nett."
,Recommended,242860,31125237,Posted: 13 April,all,Chezburger,"The year? 1918. I have been in this trench for about a year now. I miss it back home in Illinois... I was from BUMBLE♥♥♥♥. My name is JOHN STRELOK MARKED ONE. I come from a family of russian people. Last night, I wiped my♥♥♥♥♥and it bled. This was a sign in my tribe that bad luck was upon us. I can hear the sergeant talking of going over the top now... But I won't be doing that. I'll be sucking the Kaiser's♥♥♥♥♥♥.. VIVAA LASS KAISER REIIICH AALLALALA NEBEL HANDGRANADTEEEE STRELLOOK MARKED ONEEEEEE SREGEAN TMMAJORRRR"
,Not Recommended,242860,16615219,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,WounDead_Zeus,This game is not what I expected. Nothing like the trailer. Not a lot of people in servers.
,Not Recommended,242860,33260346,Posted: 4 July,all,Rogue Joe,"I love the gameplay. However, the limit of 32 players per game really falls short to the WW1 experience I was looking for. I think 64 players would have made this game so much better."
76561198080087883,Recommended,242860,23530427,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,GumbyWorld,Rip COD. This is what killed cod
76561198084666930,Recommended,242860,13475977,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,koshie,"Even if the game have actually some bad bugs (sometimes for example, for no reason my screen excepted the HUD become black, I can only restart a new game), it reminds me Resistance & Liberation (WWII very realistic HL2 mod, but it looks dead (no website) and it's not linux complient), a game I loved.It's really realistic, it looks historicaly correct and the french voices are really well made.It's a pain to understand for the first games what's need to be done, but with the map (it's well made) you know where help your fellows mates and your group leader.If you rage if you get killed all the time without knowing from where, this game isn't for you.With some approvements and times, it'll be a great WW game. I recommend you to buy it if you're like me in this kind of FPS, take a look. Just to help them to improve it, can be really fun."
76561197976112341,Recommended,242860,30404897,Posted: 9 March,all,CAPTAIN CHOLESTEROL,"With all the ""cash grab"" games out there today, its nice to support an organization that truly seems honest towards their continued support of their product and their customers. Will be looking for more from these guys in the future.I bought Verdun some time ago and was initially thrilled and disappointed. Thrilled for all that the game did right and the more historical/realistic feel. Yet, I was disappointed/frustrated rather at how difficult the game really was due to optimization, frame rate drops, and just the skill required to make it fun. The game is not so bad once you get the hang of it, but its hard to get the hang of when initially you're getting killed constantly. So, I put Verdun away for a while.I recently began playing again and cannot begin to explain the improvements that the DEVs have made. Not only is it much more playable, but the tension that is the grind is altogether more fun.  Looking forward to playing more, see you in the trenches!"
,Recommended,242860,30417212,Posted: 9 March,all,[HMMF] CannonFodder,this game is amazingly good fun i recomend it that said DO NOT BUY THIS GAME BASED SOLELY ON THE TRAILER this game is ♥♥♥♥in tiny compared to the trailer also turn gore on to ultra its amazing its like saving private ryan or hacksaw ridge or some♥♥♥♥♥♥also some ppl have connection issues not me but i thought id mention it
76561198200002981,Recommended,242860,24743696,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,TrueWraith,It has a learning curve but its really a blast once you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,242860,9568549,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,CoWilly,Very fun game nothing really bad anput it except for the lack of maps but it is still in beta i would give it some time if you want more maps. As of right now i would buy it again if i could because it is really great!!
,Recommended,242860,10289057,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,EdgeLord1337,"From what I've played so far, I really really enjoy this game. It has a Red Orchestra 2 feel with a heavily strategic value set. I'm happy that the developers aren't just saying that they will add in features, and that patches will be regular, they DO IT. Updates are frequent, thorough, and necessary. The game is VERY well balanced and from my own knowledge spot-on hsitorically accurate. If you enjoy strategic mulitplayer FPS's without taking things too seriously or too lightly, I'd suggest Verdun, it's great and it's cheap!"
76561198073844467,Recommended,242860,9161867,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,jello_pudding,i like it needs more work but so cool. so... i'll give it TWO ratings: beta: 10/10. finished*: 6/10 keep in mind the game is in a working (but not polished) state and the develipers have added a reminder of this so don't go hating on it like it was day one; garrys insidint (< I hope thats right)*as is
76561198123666061,Recommended,242860,25644374,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Derp_Mctrollson,If your looking for a ww1 shooter thats a little more authentic than battlefield 1 then look no further this game is a masterpiece. Also for the best experience in my opinion wear good headphones and turn the gore to ultra.
,Recommended,242860,30456194,Posted: 11 March,all,Harry Emerson [GB],Pretty great :D
,Recommended,242860,9922686,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,NUKE THE GOOKS,fantastic game. Straight up death matches as well as tactical team-work based trench warfare. If you enjoy a different take on shooters than this is for you.
76561198012351789,Recommended,242860,9951738,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,bukkakesteve,"A fun bolt-action rifle FPS in the unique World War I setting.Nice maps. Heavy on the trenches.Nice gun models.Nice barbed-wire.You can be the French or Germans.Community seems to be more mature than CS:GO and Insurgency.Gameplay has improved tremendously since the last update.Two games modes: Standard territory control and rifle deathmatch. Rifle deathmatch is every man for himself.Unlock weapon attachments like scopes and the bayonet as you increase the weapon's rank.Bullet physics seem to be nonexistent, it's a straight shooter that's for sure. Aim click."
,Recommended,242860,9857313,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Occam's Chainsaw,This is the first ww1 game I have seen on steam. It is in beta at the time of this review and there are only a few very minor bugslike spawning before the timer's done. The maps are very life like from the documentaries i have seen and are very fun to play on. It is squad based with 2 differnt types of squads. Recon and fighter for lack of better term.With in those squads are 4 classes with seperate roles. It does look very nice for a indie game. I strongly recommend this game to history buff and fps fan alike. O yeah it's also made by 3 people
,Recommended,242860,9625337,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Schwifty,I recommend the game for every fan of the genre and buy it if you wanna support the progress during beta until we have the perfect Verdun :)
,Recommended,242860,8164507,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Lil Penicillin,"its soo much fun , but it had some laggy bits"
76561197997170765,Recommended,242860,7967857,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,BlackJack,Very good game has a great feel to it! good old basic game and it is kinda like cod?. Isn`t a done game yet still things that need sorting out but still very playable and fun to boot!!! on sale also...... i give it  85% out of 100%
,Recommended,242860,30457202,Posted: 11 March,all,Reach,This is a very noice game you can sit in a trench and hear peoples scream for hours
76561198073132882,Recommended,242860,8408722,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Backstab,"AMAZING GAME! I love taking it in turns to charge into the machine noob off BFFS. However the game does suffer from lag issues as most betas do, so it can be forgiven. It has a very strong one shot kill system unless you are trying to kill some one with high ping then its 2. Overall a good WW1 shooter offering small team combat (16v16) on appropriate sized maps for this it gets a 4/5."
,Recommended,242860,16625341,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,"Luuk ""Lawnmower"" Peeters",1 word: epic
76561198026634360,Recommended,242860,17902993,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Barbaric,they forced me to write this review
76561198111997746,Recommended,242860,15286888,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,PPCLI HailRider,"Fantastic game!Challenging - You die a lot, but keep on going, wave after wave.  After a while you figure out why you are dieing so often.  Then you see the new recruits, like you were once, doing what you did, and shake your head.  Just like I would imagine being in the trenches.Cooperative gameplay - Each role has a part to play.  Play together with your squad and team for best results.  It is hard to do, but that is the next level I am working on.  When you do, it is even more fun.Realistic - In many ways, such as fatigue, breath holding to steady your shot, bullet drop and aiming in front of a running target, flinching when being shot at, confusion when mortars are falling...  Very exciting.  The developers seem to have realism as a priority, and I am grateful for that.  This is no CoD, that's for sure.Historical settings - Gets me reading about and respecting the soldiers who were there, and what they went through.Nice community of players - I don't know why, but most people who play this game are quite nice and helpful.  Maybe it is the cooperative element, or the historical content.  I don't know, but it is a refreshing community. I hope this doesn't change after release.Fun - This game is fast.  Lots of reaction elements mixed in with thinking about the best move. I can't seem to stop playing..."
,Recommended,242860,15815041,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,JohnLuckPickherd,Great game
76561198152127793,Recommended,242860,19207422,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,John Entwurfe,"most realistic world war 1 game i have seen, 1 shot kill, very detailed maps, tall grass and trenches, jumping into artillary holes to avoid fire and bayoneting noobs, good game 9/10."
,Recommended,242860,15582454,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,"Verdun is a shining example to other developers, showcasing what a successful 'Early Access' title looks like.Countless numbers of games have entered into 'Early Access,' only to see their developers lose interest once they've already made the bulk of their profits and have no real financial incentive to continue. That is absolutely not the case here--the development team on Verdun clearly has a personal commitment to seeing an online WWI FPS actualized. The most notable part of my experience playing was seeing how often updates and improvements were pushed out, as well as the sheer quality AND quantity; tons of new content, updated textures and animations, improved and balanced gameplay tweaks, performance patches, and even a large overhaul of the game's engine. Not at one single point during the development did it appear as though the developers were living off of their unfinished game, or abusing their fan base's loyalty to work extremely short hours. I'm thrilled to see the official release of this game, as well as it serving as an example of how 'Early Access' was able to positively influence a game throughout development.The game itself is quite fun; the mechanics are fleshed out and very unique. The game modes are nicely objective-oriented without feeling forced or arbitrary. Everything ranging from the game's graphics to its audio feel cohesive, giving an immersive feel of the era. If you've ever wished you could check out a WWI shooter, or simply want to support an indie developer that deserves it, this is your game.Other 'Early Access' developers, TAKE NOTES!"
76561198010515224,Recommended,242860,9669277,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,An accident,"Realistic though fun-to-play WW1 action/simulator. Extremely addictive. The battlefields are highly immersive and you almost feel the bullets whizzing past your head as you dig in during the enemy assult. I'd strongly recommend trying this game out and see for yourself. I've only had it for a couple of hours, but I love it already."
76561198007050535,Recommended,242860,15499400,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,The Desert Fox,Good World War I FPS
76561198019851191,Recommended,242860,19215743,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dummyboychik,"Team is everything! It's just you and three other guys, trying to survive and complete the task. Every mistake cause death. One shot - one deadman. It was spectacular,when I first died from poison gas. Totaly must play"
76561198129479370,Recommended,242860,15639670,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,AVeryEnglishLetsPlay,"One of a kind. First played this at Eurogamer last year out of curiosity and even back then I was impressed and bought it pretty much as soon as i got home. Even though it is super realistic (one shot death) it is still so much fun. You find yourself sneaking around the trenches stalking people and when you finally get that kill on someone yards away, there's no greater more satisfying feeling. But at the same time it's extremely infuriating when you die time after time but that's mainly because you're not used to games being this realistic but you soon adapt. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for an online shooter where it actually is 100% fair. If oyu get shot, you die, it's that simple."
,Recommended,242860,15913078,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,prwizet,"Very Awesome game,Its not like call of duty, u dont have perks or radar and someone can shoot you from everywhere.The most realistic WWI fps..."
,Recommended,242860,15530559,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Kautz,"I have wanted a good World War 1 first person shooter for a long time, and for a long time I heard people say ""Oh it would be so boring. You would just charge and get shot down every time.""Well now a World War 1 first person shooter is out and just in time for the 100th anniversary. They were partially right. I do charge and get shot down MOST of the time, but just as it says in ""All Quiet on the Western Front"" the new troops just charge across the open and die. The veterans know how to move along the ground from cover to cover, and getting into the enemy trench and clearing it out with bayonets, knives, clubs, and shovels is so satisfying. Some people say its hard, but if you work with a squad and move as a team its quite easy.The graphics have improved immensely since I first got this game but alas I am currently living over seas for a year and my good gaming computer is back at home so I can't witness this game at full graphics for another 5 or 6 months.The attack and defend with multiple layers of trenches makes for a fun game. You advance. If you are stopped then you fall back and prepare to defend your original trench. If you take their trench then you dig in and prepare to repulse a counter attack. The front is somewhat narrow to give you that World War 1 trench warfare feeling but its not so narrow that its completely impossible to move without dying. Sometimes you can sneak around if the enemy neglects a portion of their line, or you can gas or artillery barrage their lines to force an opening.All in all, if you are looking for a fun, squad based World War 1 first person shooter with a surprising variety of weapons and classes for a war 100 years ago then get this game, and I will see you out in no man's land."
76561198120475044,Recommended,242860,18025773,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Janit0r,"Verdun is almost to good to be true,in chat on several occasions ive seen people say that is it the best FPS. Verdun for its setting is the best out there. I highly recommend it  to anyone interested in Trench warfare or WW1. the way the put trench warfare is almost beautiful, i loved how the community grew from  way back in the day when they didn't even have gas but today Verdun is more better than ever."
,Recommended,242860,15844523,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,☜☢BIGBOY☢☞,dieses ist gut ich sagen ja seine gut
76561198124173666,Recommended,242860,13815314,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,The Masked Jackal,"Due to it being an early access game, Verdun is still a bit rough around the edges (mainly with FPS drops on some maps and the animations still need a little bit of work) but I'm still quite impressed at this title. I'm quite pleased how the developers handle WWI with the respect I had hoped. You get a pretty gritty and ugly picture of trench warfare but not to the extent where you can't enjoy the game. The matches are intense as you struggle to defend your position while taking the enemy trenches. Keep in mind, this is not your typical multiplayer shooter such as COD or Battlefield. One shot one kill is standard and you really need to be careful with your positioning on the battlefield.  The community is generally pretty positive and helpful, and the maps are pretty big and nicely laid out. I really hope the developers keep up the great work on this title as with a little more spit and polish, I see great things for this title."
76561198064151139,Recommended,242860,12507512,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,sea_slug_gelarto,"The trench warfare is awesome, and I really like the idea that you can make your own squad.  The maps are very impressive and they WW1 style is very well done and very captivating.Although I have one problem with this game.  They do not support servers for Australia/New Zealand yet.  It is still in beta so this is understandable.  But at the same time about a quarter of the people on the American servers are playing from Australia/New Zealand and it just isn't very playable.  I wish I could of known about this before I brought the game.Edit: they have now added an australian server, thanks Devs! now we just gotta get people to move to the Aussie/NZ one!"
76561197987725252,Recommended,242860,15596638,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,HandsomeAwkward,"It's certainly not a bad game; there's just some minor gripes that I have with it. One being that there's no heavy machine guns like maxims and vickers (though there is man-portable light machine guns), and the other being that the game feels a little choppy even though it attains 60 FPS just fine. Coming from playing source and unreal engine shooters this one just feels a little loose. Still though, a great WW1 game that I highly recommend."
76561198205585703,Recommended,242860,19468688,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,roller blade king 420,"This game is pretty good, but one day I tried to play and the game woldnt launch, still wont."
,Recommended,242860,19464697,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,James2024,A lovely game that interoperates the feeling of World War 1 and shooting alongside with strategy I just love it!
,Recommended,242860,19478966,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,H a x,Such a brilliant game! It's good to have a FPS game during The Great war!
,Recommended,242860,20485147,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,true blue,"Verdun is an awesome game, no game is without its bugs and some do show up time to time but otherwise this game provides detailed maps, historically accurate weapons, and simulates trench warfare like no other game."
76561198067711514,Recommended,242860,25562122,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Gary Busey,Awesome game
,Recommended,242860,20496250,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,JamaicanWillSmith,"Called in chemical gas on a german trench while l playing as a canadian NCO charged in with my squad and got cut down by a machine gun. I survived and was in the trench alone my teammate bodies around me. Then all of a sudden artillery starts to hammer the trench, I hide in a side pocket and watch the shells go off in front off me and then see a small object on the ground. Then I see its in a stick shape and its a kraut grenade so I sprint out of the pocket and get hit with an artillery shell.This game is the most horrifying experience you will ever have in a military shooter. 10/10"
76561198012341862,Recommended,242860,20496687,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,CrabbMasterFlash,"Great game!  It is a nice change from the popular FPS, takes a little skill and patience, but that moment you get into the enemy trench and start bashing faces, you forget about the 5 deaths before you reached the trench."
76561198088822266,Recommended,242860,19968259,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,smileyparty,is gud
,Recommended,242860,16247819,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Daiks3882,"Day One : EnlistmentAs the call to battle came, many brave young souls purchased the game Verdun. Some even took their friends into this war with them, it will be fun they said..Day Two : DeploymentThose friends I dragged along into this war were deployed into the same unit as me, the ""Trench Devils"", to fight for king and country. At first it was ok, we were in the trench, the NCO was barking orders to keep our eyes forward, and we had no idea of the slaughter to come.Two Hours Into Day 2 : We heard a whistle go off in the trench infront of us, the Germans began to climb out and charge at us. I let the bullets fly from my Lewis, watching as German after German would fall in death. My comrades were next to me, firing their rifles in perfectly aimed shots. The NCO told us if we keep this up, we may push them back.Three Hours Into Day 2 : The Germans all of a sudden stopped running out of their trenches. The ones left out in the field were picked off, and we didn't quite know what to do. We looked around, unsure if we should celebrate or watch for more. Then the NCO shouted ""Time to climb out and charge!"" as he blew his whistle. We all started running out into the field, I managed to pick a good spot next to a rock to set up my Lewis to provide cover. Soon after, I had ran out of ammunition, so I picked up a nearby rifle. I hadn't realized how many of our own had been mowed down by the dug-in Germans. I looked for my comrades, and finally I saw them about to enter the German trench, so I ran to them while bullets whizzed past my face.Five Hours Into Day 2 : It's over, we have taken the trench, but our NCO is dead, and they put me in his place..."
,Recommended,242860,16096221,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Mightylaz,"This is quite possibly one of the best games I've ever played.I started playing this game back when it was on browser and despite the fact I was getting 20fps (I upgraded my PC now), I still loved it.As soon as the game came to steam I decided to buy it and I am glad I did. This game has the most active devs I have ever seen :) They're constantly updating the game and they reply to all your questions within hours (my experiences).Overall I highly recommend this game and if you're still contemplating on whether you should buy the game or not. Just go for it! It's a beast of a game :P"
76561198225198920,Recommended,242860,17805374,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Thatoneguy,10/10 would die to artillery a million times again
76561198147709310,Recommended,242860,22059189,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,billysky,"Just reachive Level 100Then you can play as Michael (maybe you know what i mean if you watched movie ""passchendaele"")"
76561197961742324,Recommended,242860,23381383,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,vettige swa,"Verdun is a game that really aims to be a realistic depiction of how war was fought during WW1. I think in that respect it succeeds brilliantly. This is trench warfare as it really must have been:- waiting around for the enemy, and then getting shot in the head from somewhere you never saw coming.- going ""over the top"" of the trench on command of your squad leader, and getting mowed down almost instantly.- Capturing an area, only to be hammered with chemical gasses- putting on your gas mask, obstructing your visibility so you can hardly see where (or who) you are shooting.The gameplay is brutal and unforgiving, but hey, this is war! I love how the game doesn't make it ""arcady"" or easy. This makes it all the more rewarding when you get to kill someone.The graphics and lighting are really nice too, being nice and muddy in the trenches, but has a good selection of more colorfull maps as well.If you are not afraid of a challenge, I recommend it!"
76561198060337648,Recommended,242860,9506727,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mango Mussolini,its a fun WW1 shooter which you just dont see anymore
76561197992198243,Recommended,242860,29660970,Posted: 2 February,all,Aksilentenemy,"I like playing war games in general, and i like games that are more authentic unlike what COD has become, this game is good, has some flaws but hey no game is absolutley perfect anymore. I give this game credit for trying to bring ww1 back to gaming, and i like to honestly think that battlefield 1 might have actually taken components from this game and made it better. but for 40 bucks less you cant complain. Great intensity and decent graphics. models feel a little stiff but im not gonna complain. the controls are smooth, and the guns feel authentic ( i own a springer and it seems legit). keep up the good work Devs. Also if you could make it to where maybe nvidia shadowplay picks this game up for game recording or the xbox app that would be a bonus THANKS!"
,Recommended,242860,14456784,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,[GFG]Demise,"Amazing. Honestly one of the best war sims I've ever played. I'm not saying much more because you jst need to try it. If you like war sims, you literally have to have this game. A rating:420*21/10"
76561198046707593,Recommended,242860,11569741,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Professor Moe Lester PhD,"Aug 5, 2014: When I first got this game, I tried playing it with my friend and everything went wrong. It kept kicking me out of the round for no reason, we couldn't add each other as friends (which we still can't do, please fix this), finding each other's squad to join was very hard, and the gameplay was absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ It would run at 5 fps at best and everything was really glitchy and ♥♥♥♥ed up. HOWEVER, I then tried to play the game again several days later by myself, and everything worked perfectly. Obviously I didn't have to worry about making my squad and having my friend try to find it, but I was able to join right in without being randomly kicked, the gameplay was very smooth and ran at about 40 fps, and there weren't really any glitches, other than when you duck down, you can still get shot and killed sometimes, but it's immediately, so it's understandable, but still annoying. When this game is working, it is VERY fun to play and a really cool WW1 simulator, however, there are still several things that need to be worked on in order for it to be even better. As of right now, I give it a 7/10.UPDATE:June 30, 2016: After about two years of playing this game, I have seen it go through many different stages, have seen many bugs patched, and have certainly seen hard work and dedication to the game by the devs. They have added in so many new weapons, squads, abilities, and gameplay mechanics and I could not be happier with my purchase of this game, back when it was in early alpha. The dev team for Verdun has been one of the best dev teams for any game I have played, and the game itself really sucks you into a pretty accurate representation of The Great War. Not only is it historically accurate, for the most part, but the way they make the teams switch on and off from counter attacks, defending, retreating, and advancing gives it a lot of depth and keeps the combat fun and enjoyable. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes mil-sims, even though this isn't a full on simulator, and anyone who is a big world war enthusiast. It could still use some bug patches and what not, but it is almost entirely perfect at this point in time. I would now give it a solid 9.5/10."
76561198029184091,Recommended,242860,23595621,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sir Killall Murderdeath,"Went over the top with my friend, stabbed 4 people with our bayonets while screaming at the top of our lungs, then got gassed by the enemy as we mashed every button to find out of how put on a gas mask11/10 would coke on my own body fluids again"
76561198060521739,Recommended,242860,11454801,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,beatsman97,Great game graphics need being updated as well as a higher number of players per server I know they have already done this and are hoping to increase numbers yet again but as its ww1 the more players the more realistic it will feel so negative-Graphics-Player LimitOther then these I cant complain great game one of a kind being a FPS WW1 game huge potential and not over priced defiently worth getting just be paitent for updates :)
76561198067990134,Recommended,242860,23698575,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hello there.,"Do you like guns? Do you like shooting a 1 pixel target across the map with iron sights? Do you like edgy internet neo-nazis who name their squads after nazi divisions even though World War 1 had nothing to do with nazis? then boy do I have the game for you! In verdun you get the real WWI experience: sitting in trenches and sniping any poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who sticks their head up over a hill, getting gassed, dying a whole bunch of times running across no-man's-land to MGs, and much much more! for just $20 you can storm the trenches with your choice weapon: bolt-action rifles, pistols, or (if you play US Marines) even a shotgun that can kill people within its actual historical effective range instead of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t CoD 20 foot range? Best of all, the french are included absolutely free of charge and not as a $20 DLC."
76561198046877352,Recommended,242860,22061940,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,☭ϟϟSS-Totenkopfverbändeϟϟ,This would be worth your money if you like WW1.
,Recommended,242860,28036396,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sheriff,"Verdun is an incredible game based around World War 1 trench warfare. really gets your blood pumping with how immersive it can be. it can only take one shot to kill someone. it's important to follow your squad and work together. this isn't call of duty, this is real war. so no puss footin' around in this game, we become men!The devs are awesome and very helpful. I had noted an issue with my game and the issue was resolved within the week with a reply on my forum post assuring it had been fixed, and it certainly was.Highly recommend this game to all players who love fps, ww1, easy kills and easy death and awesome community."
76561198013559819,Recommended,242860,15497161,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,w1p30uT,"Great game, but very glitchy.Before I rain praise on this game (which I will, trust me), Let me get the negatives out of the way.CONS:-Beta, so it's very glitchy at times.-Character roles are not clearly defined (What's a Grenadier do, exactly? What's the difference between Line Infantry and Assault Infantry?)-Sound needs work at times.-Voluntary (?) game balance feature that can be easily ignored.-No land mines (remember, those were introduced in The Great War).And now, the praise:-FANTASTIC use of the Unity Engine-Historically very, very accurate.-An emphasis on realism, not gameplay that makes this that much better.-Heavy emphasis on squad-based tactics and infantry combat.-No player controllable tanks, aircraft or cavalry, keeping the game very balanced in firepower.-A true war sim that showed the horrors of trench warfare, chemical bombardment and constant shelling, along with fighting on grounds that obviously have been fought over for weeks to months, with little to no cover, using bolt-action weaponry.For all the Call Of Duty's, Battlefields and Counter-Strikes in the world, this is a fresh alternative. As a Yank, I would love to see an AEF-themed General Pershing Expansion in 2017 (100 years after the US got involved), along with an expansion into the Eastern front, pitting the White Russians against the Kaiser's troops until the Oktober Revolution ended the war on that side. I furiously recommend this game to ANYONE who likes realistic history-based war games.To the programmers & my fellow players; Great job, guys. See you on the front."
,Recommended,242860,16453781,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Steven Perverto,"It's a really nice game, if you like realistic FPS games I would recommend it. But beware often you get killed by a one shot, which makes you use your surroundings for cover."
,Recommended,242860,13484208,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MALZO,"A awesome WW1 tatical FPS, you get that horrid feeling of being in a trench as enemy gas forces you to put your gas mask on making it harder to see as the enemy are pushing up some even breaking into your trench forcing hand to hand combat Or when you are on the offensive despretly diving into craters in no mans land to avoid being picked off then enemy mortars rain down on you forcing you to make a mad ""all or nothing"" dash into the enemy trench. However all is not perfect (as you would expect) movent can feel a little clunky at times and your bullets feel a little laggy, but thats just my opionion and your experience may vary. Overall the game is great and is set to be a awesome WW1 tatical FPS 8/10, pick it up now to support the devs and it's on sale!"
76561198069132760,Recommended,242860,12548553,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Peatus,"I've played this game for about two days now (at the time of my review)... and the game is pretty fun. The object seems to be to advance and defend. It is based around charging and counter charging just like the real war. It's a beta right now but there doesn't seem to be many problems. The only thing thats wrong with it is that when you get shot, your screen will freeze for about a half a second and then you will be dead. It's frustrating when you are aiming at someone and they are aiming at you and then you try to shoot and it won't shoot because you realize you are dead. Other than that it's pretty damn fun game. Keep in mind that this is not a mainstream game so if you play COD and stuff like that you can ♥♥♥♥ right off. I strongly recommend this game and I'm sure they will fix that one glitch soon."
76561198065089768,Recommended,242860,16452539,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,kingofwhitecastle,great game one of the best fps set in world war 1 cant wait for more games to come out like this one
76561198002586809,Recommended,242860,23384813,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,seanjo,"I love the game, but wish it were bigger and more people played, it's a bit clunky, but for the money I paid for it, it is good value for money.Graphics are good, game mechanics are good, all round it is a good game."
76561198021089821,Recommended,242860,24702653,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MadMaximus_SPQRXIII,"Fun gritty WW1 semi-realistic FPS. Lots of fun if your winning and doing the killing, no fun dieing over and over and over and over and over.Pros-ww1 done right-semi-realistic-gore and impressive death animations-imerssive-lots of guns/equipment-good fast paced attack/defend gameplayCons-No dedicated servers , 32 player cap-semi-realistic (regenerating health..ect)-maps are locked to small area, so its a kill zone.-you will die alot..mainly because ^^^^-few bugs, and minor quirksgreat game, really fun online action worth the very humble and modest price of 24.99!"
,Recommended,242860,22793478,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,MarshalN,"This game is awesome - very different FPS, with a very different set of skills. Grab it if it's on sale - well worth the money"
76561198250021930,Recommended,242860,24701041,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Endertricity,"Verdun is a very realistic fps of WW1 on the western Front. And in that they do very well. If you like BF1 but wish it was accurate Verdun is for you. However I would like more diversity, particularly in playable countries. I'd like to play as Austrians and italians as an example. Even without that Verdun is a great(but difficult) game."
,Recommended,242860,10891556,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Chuckles,"Verdun is placed in WWI, and it's trench warfare to the max. Maybe I'm a little uninformed, but I think this is really one of a kind. It's very realistic, and almost always a one shot kill. The attack sequences are turn based, in which you have time to charge the other team's trenches and if your attack loses it's morale you defend or if you take the trench you defend your new land. It's a little laggy, but barely. If you're looking for new, multiplayer, and fun gameplay this is for you!"
,Recommended,242860,27931377,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,123,"I have been playing this game since Alpha and I am in love.  The develpment team is small but dedicated to putting out a functional product with historical accuracy and enjoyable gameplay.  This was the only ww1 shooter until BF1 and while it may not win a beauty contest, it wins in accuracy and originality.  Weapons are mainly bolt action rifles and pistols, so dont expect Call of Duty.  Combat is extremely unforgiving, almost weapons kill in 1 or 2 shots, but it is extremely satisfying when you get a multikill or win a close quarters duel.  My largest complaint would be the tendancy of teams to get lopsided, but that's mainly a player problem."
,Recommended,242860,7660446,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Bruno,Freaking Awesome. Solid Multiplayer FPS! Better than Battlefield Team Fortress or Call of Duty...hurry up and BUY IT!
76561198018787998,Recommended,242860,21803941,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,(PG)SlappyMcGee,Best Battle: Playing as Canadians- 6 other allies and I charge across the field- I fire mustard gas- Run inside the trench with gas-  Die immediatly from my own gas because I couldnt a gas mask- 10/10 Would be a noob again
,Recommended,242860,17301744,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Drek Dremington,For being made by at max 5 guys this is really well done.
,Recommended,242860,25278233,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tanaka,"I love this game, graphics: 10/10physics:  8/10maps:     10/10guns:     10/10sounds:   10/10servers:  5/10Since i live in Argentina, finding servers with low ping it's impossible."
,Recommended,242860,23819847,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bluebird~,"Fantastic atmosphere and with a real sence of realism. Graphioally doesn't quite reach AAA standards but if you come to a historic world war one trench warfare game of lens flare and impecable close up texture work then i'm sorry to be dissapointing. Gameplay is a solid 10/10.Mindblowingly good. This game sets a standard that i find it hard to belive battlefield one will match, especially considering the relative size of the dev teams. Good job M2H - this is gold."
,Recommended,242860,22049266,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Random,One of the most unique take on a shooter
,Recommended,242860,15944832,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Chinessenoodle,Verdun is very original (WW1). If it gets more update or dlc it will be amazing. I recommend to everyone who likes FPS and historical war ! :-)
,Recommended,242860,11464794,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,[FSG] Mojestic Rhino,"];p,l"
76561198273650903,Recommended,242860,21874372,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,vhexdavester123,this game is really good a little repetitive and times where you charge then die over and over but i suppose that really happened in ww1. But when you get in the trenches there is death round every corner this game is well worth the money and extremely fun this is definatly 10/10
,Recommended,242860,21878902,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Conboy137,"A gritty, amazing look at the trench warfare of world war 1. This game is amazing, come stop by for some fun :D"
,Recommended,242860,21879239,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Lord Swoledemort,Great game. Can't recommend enough.
76561198192208317,Recommended,242860,21880088,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Potatoking,best ww1 fps out there definitly worth 23$
76561198091400446,Recommended,242860,21852555,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Andro,interesting but not alot of content... great potential tho
76561198116621711,Recommended,242860,21859999,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Japorat,You can upgrade your wepons with carrear points. That took me 15 hours to figure out.Great game. Would figure out again
76561198120399917,Recommended,242860,21863037,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Spicey,"This game is great, but to be honest, i had difficultly learning how the game works, like objectives and roles and things like that in the beginning. Graphics look great, environment is beautiful (for a war zone at least).  Very realistic, one shot from almost any weapon kills you, so you need to play strategically instead of rushing into battle, which in some cases does work if you have a machine gun. Bu for the most part teamwork is key. My recommendation is read the guides, they help a lot!!! Amazing game 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,21704514,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jabubba,"One of my favourite games.....and its dirt cheap. Nothing gets me hotter than sniping some pompus french scallywag, right in his phallus holster. Plenty of trench warfare and you even get to don a gask mask. It's like you're actually in world war 1, except you don't have to die for bankers."
76561198058458373,Recommended,242860,22189987,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,DangerNoodle,"Man, barbed wire was deadly in WWI10/10 Would succumb to barbed wire wounds again"
,Recommended,242860,18566424,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ravisudewo123 csgoroll.com,verdun is a amazing realistic ww1 game. my money was well spent on this game. the requierments are queits heavy but overall its one of my faveroiut games out on pc. and plus no one makes ww1 games no a days so i think the creators of verdun thought out side of the box.
,Recommended,242860,17309859,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Wolfshadowblade[Usha],"I love this game. It uses patience for snipers, and of course it can be fast paced for assaults. Its not like those games where you have to keep moving, in fact it is the opposite. If you move too much you will be seen and will probably die. But its still fun. (P.S. If you like to snipe, then stick to the grassy parts on decent sized hills. Most people wont see you if you stay back behind the frontlines on a grassy hill and stay patient."
,Recommended,242860,15588014,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,gabehcuod,Great game and always fun to play some multiplayer with old bolt action rifles. Been waiting for a nice FPS WWI game for a long time and these guys did an awesome job creating it.
,Recommended,242860,15724727,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,pepe silvia,"bought the game, liked it, not like cs:go twitch shooter ♥♥♥♥game so realistic i have war flashbacks and my ears ring when i shoot a gun11/10 would have bleeding ears again"
76561198078807948,Recommended,242860,22198274,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sam™,its aight
76561198021301052,Recommended,242860,15768027,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,30th Gkurens,"Very fun game! The deffensive and offensive style of trench warfare is really well done and very fluid. The only bad thing I have to say is when you first playing the game it can be a little confusing when navagating classes and unlocking new weapons. So eventhough the game just came out it is amazing, especialy since I have wanted a WW1 for sometime and also I forsee amazing and fun new additons to the game though updates and possible dlcs."
76561197960458684,Recommended,242860,16870752,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Sgt. Spider,"Take position behind a machine gun perched above barbed wire and sandbags, or wait for the whistle of an NCO before rushing over the walls of your trenches to rush the enemy line and (hopefully) take ground.The landscape is properly dreary, desolate, and pock-marked with shell holes to use as cover, or a grave site. Keep your gas mask handy as the air will soon fill with death.This game not only gives you a fantastic first person shooter experience, but transports you back to a time when geo-politics were decided by men of honor who sealed deals in blood, sweat, and bullets.So few companies take on the challenge of presenting a WW1 game that I not only applaud this group for their historic-minded effort, but for getting the mechanics of an FPS of this time so very right.Deploy-able weapons work like a charm. Every gun has it's own feel, sound, and operation. Your actions matter; if you sprint while trying to reload then you will leave the bolt open. Remember to close it! And don't forget you can cook off grenades."
76561198017675188,Recommended,242860,22744401,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,TheRock,super game !!!
76561198117784258,Recommended,242860,15424516,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Dont Tussle WIth the Muscle,"This game is crazy realistic to the death gurgles and guns. It is a 16 v 16 game on trench warfare maps. The maps have wide viriety to night maps, small and skinny, wide open, or lots of cover. You play in squads of 4 all playing there own roll with many guns and weapons including flamerthrowers, gas clouds, and pistols. It is very graphic like when you get hit by a motar right on you and explode into many body parts of your leg being blown off! You hear the soldiers crying of pain and gurgilng. Its crazy!"
76561198041733310,Recommended,242860,19941932,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Corporal Chlamydia,good mapshistorically accurateinvolved devsupdated oftenvariety of weapons/classes
,Recommended,242860,22416909,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Killercheese4285,pretty good
,Recommended,242860,21026423,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rip,"Normal asking price definitely not worth it. But if on sale then it is a must buy for fans of tactical, one hit kill FPS games. It is solely squad and trench based WW1 warfare. Great game, I can see myself putting many more hours into this..."
,Recommended,242860,15233232,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,PriNstO,It`s a very good game but if you are interested for war games
76561198030598663,Recommended,242860,21086354,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Mr.Me,"Love seeing all these babies crying because they cant handle a realistic and challanging FPS, not just that spray and pay COD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hahaha.Dont want to die when sprinting across a massive open field? THEN DONT BLOODY GO TO WAR. Play this game tactically, you know as a soldier would and you'll find it very enjoyable.10/10 best FPS ive played in a long time."
76561198148384945,Recommended,242860,21077896,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Tony Chau,I have played the Beta before and I love it.Verdun is a very good WW1 game with squad base and infantry warfare.There are still cons:_Bugs (all games have some)_Some infantry squads have the same characters function -> lead to boring_Need more maps and cities fight as well
76561198007198821,Recommended,242860,21082062,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Mr Ruckus,"Stuck my head up out of the trench and got shot. Accurate depiction of the western front.Very atmospheric game - best depiction of WWI battlefields in a game I've seen in an underrepresented war. Because of the weapons of the era it plays a little different than most shooters - which is a good thing, it feels like something fresh in the multiplayer FPS genre."
76561198198696567,Recommended,242860,20934043,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sgt. Nicolas Angel,At first I was angry; Its not your typical shooter at all. When I started playing I wasen't enjoying it at all and at some point I requested a refund! But I continue to play and give it a second chance.Now am addicted to the game! The Devs are awesoma and though I havent played that much I can tell you this: its not for everyone but everyone can enjoy it! It takes some time but eventually its pretty fun.I would give it 10/10 since its feels like a complete game that grows.
76561198080688399,Recommended,242860,20576178,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Boatman of the Styx,WW1 COD simple
76561197976778169,Recommended,242860,20403176,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ThePinkMist,Great game!
76561198108165672,Recommended,242860,16687974,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Scout,if u love ww1 history like me and love ww1 games and woud pay wateve price for a ww1 gun /game /modell /tank this game is worth it  its exstremly awesome  doe its hard to focus propely if u havent practiced it  but i am working on becoming the best in this game =D
,Recommended,242860,10244736,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,King Dude,Spawn.Over the top.Get shot.Repeat.11/10
76561198132230414,Recommended,242860,20014088,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,WESTSiDE_BLAZiN,It should be called trench simulator. But overall its a good game
76561198105055298,Recommended,242860,16390006,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MikinisMikarus,Verdun is a great war game and its the most realestic game ever made i thinkeven though it would be nice if like when you get shot in the foot instead of dying you have to crawl or another soldier has to come pick you up and aid you
,Recommended,242860,30385963,Posted: 7 March,all,kamchatka,"As a lover of FPS, this game is definitely in my top 10. If you possess patience and are a team player, this is for you."
76561198004006086,Recommended,242860,20543893,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,DomanarK,"A very fun, fast paced WWI trench warfare first person shooter.  The game has a unique progression system; where not only you progress through levels gaining the ability to access different weapon setups, but you also gain squad levels through playing with other players.  The more you play with the same players the higher your squad rank will progress.  These squad levels are not reset after leaving the game, but each set of players you have played with squad rank is saved and when you team up with them again your squad levels resume where you left off.  All 4 members of the squad are counted in the formula.  The action is fast-paced and brutal.  The enviroment is beautiful and the graphics are very good set at either low or a high.If you are a fan of first person shooters or WWI or historical warfare games, this game is for you."
,Recommended,242860,8282487,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Noah,"Overall a great game. Reminds me of CoD1 combined with Red Orchestra. Very basic premise. Two teams fight for objectives, each team has several squads, each squad has 4 roles. Very satifying gunplay, teamwork is encouraged, and it is overall very good quality. It takes some time to get used to, though.For a game made by three people that is still in Beta stage I can't speak highly enough. Obviously, plenty of things still need fixed up- audio bugs, visual bugs, optimization, etc... If you are willing to put up with the problems that come with a Beta and you want to help a small indie dev make their game great, please, do yourself a favor, and buy this game!"
76561198147602335,Recommended,242860,20232126,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Give Me A Jerky,This game is sooooooo much fun. I think it is more rewarding to get a kill in this compared to cs go even.
76561198046379016,Recommended,242860,17365852,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Zman1508,Shot and killed 6 people with my webley and stabbed 9 or 10 more with the bayonet. Almost certainly posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross. Killed by a german with a shovel.
,Recommended,242860,17425606,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Count Vlad,"At first I was immensely frustrated by this game but its actually super addictive fast paced but still tactical, I recommend getting on TS with some friends though as its tough with no communication playing with random people. I'd say it takes awhile to train your eyes to see the enemy but once you get the hang of it its great fun. NCOs make sure you hangout just before the enemy trench so everyone can spawn close."
76561198055684649,Recommended,242860,15996017,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Übermensch995,"if you are a fan of, the great war (ww1) then this is for you.I find myself countless of hours attacking and defending.Even if you are nor a fan of the great war, you sould buy it.cause this is a funny FPS."
76561197989965943,Recommended,242860,18817908,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Carl,"Challenging but exciting, with a dev team that won't screw you over with dlc or pay to win."
,Recommended,242860,13646454,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Onyx Prism,Great game. 11/10Got a killing spree in a trench
,Recommended,242860,13784833,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,IMPACT GEL,"Incredibly good game, the game is just like real WW1 and they made it perfectly even know its still in beta, I recommend getting this game."
76561198045958747,Recommended,242860,11465215,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,saltee,"Normally I don't like games based off of ww1 or ww2, but Verdun changed my view on those games. I am still pretty new to the game but from what I have played the game is fantastic. The graphics look good for the price of the game, the servers don't have many issues for still being in early access, and the concept is great. The only problem I have had with the game is the fact that after you die there is a pause (not a big problem but I don't really like it)."
76561198348911826,Recommended,242860,30645202,Posted: 20 March,all,xXAmerican SniperXx,"With over 154 hours on record, I think it's safe to say I know what I'm talking about, when I say that verdun is one of the best competitive shooters, you can buy for authenticity, and a true feel of war. As the quote goes, ""War is hell"" and in Verdun there is no exception, often while storming an enemy trench, you will pause and hear the screams of dying soldiers crying into the sky as their bloody corpses stain the wooden planks, and if you hate chat, simply press f8 and your worries are gone, with chat gone and no minimap, grab some hard tack, a brody helmet, and some webbing fellas time to take a trip to the war to end all wars. To be honest, the devs are from time to time balancing guns and improving the game, but it's safe to say there won't be much else to add to verdun, as the game has been released on ps4 and xbox1 with no sign of upcoming dlc. With the base factions of, Doughboys, Marines, Cheussers Alpins, and many more for the entente, as well as Alpenjager and others for the Central Powers, to counter the Entente. There are a plethera of maps to choose from, that provide you both merciless trench warfare, and relentless onslaughts in the night. All these provide a well grounded playing field for more, ""squad"" based gameplay, where no one man can change the tide of battle. Where well aimed mortar fire, and well placed mg fire can change EVERYTHING. So, what are you waiting for? Buy this game! Hopefully I will see you on the battlefield... CHAAAAAAAAAAARGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198060429133,Recommended,242860,30518837,Posted: 14 March,all,compspark,brilliant game. steep learning curve but great none the less.
,Recommended,242860,30643896,Posted: 20 March,all,Ekranoplan,"Awesome game. Upgrades provide some advantage, but doesn't feel like a ""pay to win"" game because the terrain allows maneuver and cover.  Fun to play, even when your kill/death ratio is unfavorable."
,Recommended,242860,16886289,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,kuko,And when a regiment of proud sons of the Ruler of the Seas stood up and climbed over the top of their impressive fortifications even God watched in awe.And then in horror as they were cut down by a single German machinegunner
76561198019055007,Recommended,242860,16750447,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Extracrispi,I rate it 9/11 for Dank Memes
,Recommended,242860,15485334,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,HAIL SATAN,I've been in the trenches for so long my mustache has a mustache.
,Recommended,242860,11456812,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,JiminyJamYard,It has that premium
,Recommended,242860,30256045,Posted: 1 March,all,★S.G.T. Bagel ★,"Verdun is a ww1 shooter based around realism and immersion. I'm always happy to play this game, as gameplay is usaully fun. I enjoy playing as Machinegun classes and snipers. This being because it requires positioning and skill to play. And because it is very satisying to kill your target without them realising where you shot from. Although like evey game, this game has a couple flaws. I don't like the amount of grenades a class can have and so grenade spam becomes a problem. The movement of characters is a bit cluncky and feels like an early medal of honour game. And barbed wire sucks... You should explain how to remove yourself from it because alot of people die because they didn't know how to clear the wire from themselves. But overall this game is pretty descent and i know i got my money's worth."
,Recommended,242860,17301717,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Reckless (therantinggamer.com),"I bought this game during this year's summer sale to experiment with my friends, and it ended up becoming my favorite shooter by far, even beating out long-time runners BF3 and CoD: MW. There's just something to be said about the harsh struggles of the First World War, with almost every weapon capable of killing in just a single bullet.The weapons are almost perfectly balanced, with perhaps the exception of the infamously mediocre Chauchat (I personally enjoy using it, though maybe not as much as the Lewis), and the asymmetrical maps offer each side an equal number of yet different vantage points and killboxes. In addition, the models are very accurate, though as Ian of ForgottenWeapons, who plays this game, will tell you, the French rifles have a slight error in their sight pictures.This game is a high-risk, high-reward team-based game. The individual can accomplish much, but without any communication many games devolve into giant stalemates, alternating between attacking and defending. That being said, even a single squad communicating within itself is enough to turn the tide, and if one manages to get the entire team on voice chat they would be nigh unstoppable. Even a single machine gunner with enough cues from his comrades is enough to suppress the entire enemy team, forestalling their advance until the next phase.Of course, every game has its downsides. For all its gameplay features, joining games with your friends is a little bit of a hassle. On the lower-populated AU server, it is nigh impossible to get your private squad into a game, instead having to rely on joining an already-existing squad and hoping no randoms join. The visuals are not something you would consider modern, and combined with some choppy animations sometimes the game looks clunky.On the whole, though, Verdun is a fresh breath into a market saturated with head-turning, three-dimensional twitch shooters and gritty military simulators, introducing both a unique setting and simple yet appropriate mechanics. I heartily recommend this game.9/10"
,Recommended,242860,13667916,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Retro_Reactive_,"Since my last review the game has had numerous updates and i can now say say this game is fully worth the price! All the major issues have been addressed, including the peformance issues. So grab a copy and jump into the trenches!! With the final release coming soon -  now is the time to join the frontlines. 11/10."
76561198019069206,Recommended,242860,15871006,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kasgucu,The best FPS game for World War 1. Never seen such good game for PC in the last years.Fun to play. Will be fantastic with more maps of different fronts such as Gallipoli.
76561198250009126,Recommended,242860,30517396,Posted: 14 March,all,Raistlin,"Great game, captures war in a realistic light."
76561198062781570,Recommended,242860,13774069,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,mikepack99,"First of all, let me give you the bad things about this game... Lag is a game damaging thing in Verdun. One second a guy will be running another second he would already kill you. I do not know how fix this lag, but it is hurting the game.but...Its in Beta....It's addicting to play. The uniforms and weapons are spot on. Fun trench warfare. I will recommend this game because its fun and even though its difficult to play with the lag.... Its fun!"
76561198203973228,Recommended,242860,16226419,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Toni Bamboni,"Attack and Counter-attack, the game."
,Recommended,242860,16886379,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Just1RandomGuy-DLR,"This game is rather amazing.It's quick to learn and hard to master.The realism adds so much weight to the combat that it has me constantly coming back for more.The first time I saw that far off gray streak in the sky I thought it was perhaps just a graphical glitch on my side... a moment later, after running in no man's land, I see it begin to break up a bit... then I watched as the pieces began to arch downward... this was artillery fire, and the realization of that stunned me in the moment...In short, I was blown away.And it was a brilliant experience!If you are looking for a hardcore and yet also casual FPS, with realism that may even give you PTSD, you might just unbelievably enjoy this. :)"
76561198080067260,Recommended,242860,15593949,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Aurelius Rex,"I started playing this about a year ago in June or so and was very impressed with how it played and how intense it was even through the bugs and funny animation. One of my favorite updates was the improved Rag-doll effect and since I usually play as Landsers NCO it is fun to watch the little French men fly up in the air after an Artillery Strike. The game kept improving a lot with the sound effects, animation and general design and feel getting better. I liked how nice and small the community was when I started and I felt a bond with other players who I've met. Now with a much larger and growing community, the game is truly starting to feel like a WWI game with massive numbers coming towards you.This game relies heavily on cooperation and pulling off strategic attacks. It really becomes better as time grows on and I like how the Squad Progression works out as it makes you want to play with friends more often and to be your best.My tip in playing NCO is to get near the enemy trench (if you're offence) and try your best to survive, find a nice hiding place inside the trench if possible, this will allow your teammates to spawn near you and make it easier to clear the trench.I'm probably the only or the few in game named ""Erwin Rommel"" if you want to find me to ask for tips or to just play together. I'm usually the NCO in any German Squad.*Edit: I should also add, I am not sure if it's the game's animation or just my internet that usually shows the enemy aiming at completely different area when he's actually aiming at you."
76561198051390079,Recommended,242860,17088701,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Pepe Silvia,10/10 would get PTSD again
76561197961303624,Recommended,242860,17119230,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MythWaker,"I have to say I really do love this game - it makes a nice change from modern twitch shooters with its different style on the FPS market.Verdun has a great game mode called frontlines where one side has to take the trench and the other side has to defend it. As simple as this sounds it involves tactics and teamwork to take the trenches successfully with an array of units and weapons at your disposal.This is a sign of a developer that takes pride in their work and I can highly recommend this for the price, other developers should take this as a stepping stone of what can be done on a low budget and  I can't wait for any dlc that may be released."
,Recommended,242860,17677952,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,mattsd53,Just buy the game.
76561197978792424,Recommended,242860,7387852,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Ryanpetrolhead,"Amazing! Great game, there are very few bugs in it which is superb for an alpha."
76561198102354594,Recommended,242860,16513425,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NsT Cole Train,Verdun is a Great game for world war one attack and defend style but sometimes that gets old maybe a new game mode? other then that it is great in its beta stage.
76561198128971961,Recommended,242860,16093253,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dacid_Janis,"My team are bracing themselves to go over the top, the whistle blows. We charge we make it into the enemy trench. I am the only survivor"
,Recommended,242860,11579770,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,FUNK ENGINE,"Amazingly fun with a Squad (mostly) full of friends and suprisingly easy to get a grasp of compared to Red Orchestra. Still somewhat buggy and less-than-polished, but it's already a lot of fun despite the issues."
,Recommended,242860,15481088,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Seafox123,This game is great for anyone into early 20th century warfare.
,Recommended,242860,10883372,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,xXwaterlexXx,Verdun is so awesome!9/10There are sometimes some bugs but it is the beta.If you got the money BUY IT!!
,Recommended,242860,24992591,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ashes,"Can a community thrive off of 200 to 300 people?Yes, yes it can.You should for sure get it."
,Recommended,242860,8328159,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dimebag Gerald,"This game is exactly as I thought and hoped it was: Fun, exiting, original and not too demanding for your PC.Even though its still in Beta, it is a piece of art. I can only dream of what it will be in de actual release."
76561198101889770,Recommended,242860,28296807,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Lord Rodrick Cathclaw,"I HATE THIS GAME! It's like your not superhuman! All you need is one shot, and you're dead! Stupid!"
76561198152003123,Recommended,242860,23128096,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,brycebolen2000,Got into a political debate in the chat because I kept getting killed by artillery.20/16 political debate game of the year.
76561197983781396,Recommended,242860,23110076,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Siegfried,"A game set in the First Great World War!Here's a list of things you can do:-Use authentic weaponry-Have glorious moustache-Fight in trenches and defend your own-Charge at the enemy trenches-Get ordered to retreat to as soon you get there-Fail to understand the logic of your superiors-Mistake inanimate objects as enemy soldiers-Wear a gas mask-Learn what trench foot is-Call in recon planes, artillery or gas strikes-Argue history with strangers as you're making it-Appreciate modern snipers-Appreciate automatic weaponry-Sneak around in no man's land-Fail to sneak into the enemy territory-Laugh at people being attacked by barb wire-Constantly wonder where you're being shot from-Realize you aren't going to be home by Christmas-Realize you will be stuck here for another 4 years-Realize that incoming artillery wasn't called in by your NCO-Praise Prussia"
76561198129096414,Recommended,242860,21258992,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth,"I was reserved about getting this game initially. I joined my first game and had no idea what was happening. I was going to return it, but decided against it for some reason. Great decision. I have enjoyed this game immensely, more than any other FPS I have ever played. It takes some time to get used to, but it is worth it. Here is a Pro/Con list for your viewing pleasure.PROS:Balanced GameInteresting Rifle Combat (All Rifles Kill in 1 shot)Good use of Player SquadsLong Games (Could be a Con depending on your preference)Very easy to runNot Terrible Graphics for an Indie GameNothing like CodStrategy BasedTeam BasedGood selection of WeaponsLarge amount of ClassesGreat Menu Screen MusicCONS:Can be BuggyNot so fantastic GraphicsLimited Map SelectionAnnoying Player SuicideSmall amount of ServersLimited amount of people playing at a given timeNo customizeable classesNot enough Nations to choose fromAll in all, I would absolutely recommend this game. Pick up your copy from Steam today."
,Recommended,242860,23996968,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ChurchillFTW,Be me. FNG Tommie with bolt action. Stuck in no man's land hiding in a shell hole. Turn and see German standing above me. No chance I survive. Try to raise rifle but he's already aiming at me. I can feel him begin to pull the trigger. Snap. A bullet from a friendly trench takes his head off. Hardest my heart has pounded while playing a video game. This is what a WW1 game should look like.
76561197961252078,Recommended,242860,23204429,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,[PBS]Iggi,"best world war 1 shoot with a developent team of 4 people they did an awesome job, i absolute recommend this game for every world war 1 nerd and every wargame fan in general. and the best of all ist almost hitorical accurate."
,Recommended,242860,22967380,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Lubnut,Casually play a game with devs
76561198063804025,Recommended,242860,16453677,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,StepDadHulkHogan,It's fun. Different feel from any other shooter I have playied. I like the weapons and gameplay.
,Recommended,242860,25219384,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,PlasticNapalm,"This game is a campers dream. If you like to snipe this game is for you. If not it is still for you, I love using the shotgun for clearing trenches or calling in gas and artillery strikes. There is plenty for every style of fighting."
76561198129775064,Recommended,242860,14769140,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,OG Kermit,its fun a little bit of problems but its a beta
76561198136157326,Recommended,242860,17390317,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Masked_Jugz,This game is awsome! So rewarding when you blast someone with your bolt action rifle. Refreshing take on FPS. Cudos to the developers and thank you for the cool game.
76561198061327799,Recommended,242860,25043280,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,juseless,"Went over the top and into the No-Mans Land for my Fatherland, died on the first 5 meters.10/10 accurate representation of WW 1, would die again"
,Recommended,242860,16518511,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MCSTUD,"this is a very good game that you can immerse your self into, very fun."
76561198030762627,Recommended,242860,22908400,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,StrategyorDeath,"I am into antique FPS, I personally find them a lot more appealing than modern era. Verdun is fun... It's not as accurate as some games I have played and is definitely a bit more Lite..Though as far as 1st person shooters vintage WW1 I have never met it's equal. Certain things may bother some in game. Though it's got nice cosmetics, doesn't require a super high end machine and is relatively easier to learn.I would suggest for anyone who just enjoys a little blow 'em up fun."
76561198133586807,Recommended,242860,28283716,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,chicken lives matter,Most realistic war game?
76561198140994556,Recommended,242860,15601467,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,immortalelm,"Great game overall. I remember buying it because I'd never seen a WW1 shooter before, so I decided to give it a try. Before this, I was really burnt out on the same old first person shooter games every year, but this really was something new. I found that running through trenches with realistic damage models on the guns was more fun than the generic run around buildings and kill everyone fps."
76561198069014723,Recommended,242860,12793673,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,FUCK,"This game is amazing, even if you play for a good hour. I really recommend this, sure it has some bugs that need tweaking but that doesn't effect gameplay, in my opinion. The community is amazing, for now. I sometimes will chat with the other team for fun, but that doesn't stop me from trying to fire bullets at their heads. I would say this is a legit 9.5/10."
76561198135112204,Recommended,242860,12925912,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,EM29,10/10
76561198027949402,Recommended,242860,11502079,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,obesetor,"Needs a lot of work, but I definitely like where this is going. It's like RO2, but I'm better at this and I like that."
,Recommended,242860,11457848,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Weaponized Autism,"This game might not be the most advanced but it is fun as hell. Nothing really compares to a good old fasion shooter and Verdun Delivers! PS. The graphics arn't that bad, graphics don't matter if the game is fun as hell. I TOTALLY RECOMMEND"
,Recommended,242860,11465425,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,The Baby Butthole,L1ke seri0usly were mah dawg hitler be at...wasnt he l1ke da frech general and stuff..fake and gay0/10 People tell me he was a german soldier but he be da france president10/10 Great Game
76561198092040285,Recommended,242860,11465547,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,307th_Sapper,"Yes I would recomend this game. The game is very fun to play, but being a beta it does have it's issues. So be mindful of that. If you read the other reviews of this most of them state the flaws with it. I have high hopes that they will fix all of them before it is released."
76561198031453982,Recommended,242860,8351955,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Hamster,"Are you fallen in love with WWII games but honestly thinking that this genre has been abused to much for numerous times?Then you'll maybe want to play Verdun.This game is still in BETA, so don't buy and complain about bugs and/or missing content!In the current state you can use bolt rifle weapons and mg's to teach your enemy the pain he deserves, but they will implement chemical warfare and maybe more squads from other countrys like austrian and italian forces.The deathmatch mode is quite boring, but the frontline one is nice, especially since you just have to join a squad and fight for them. You have to conquer/defend territory to win the game, which depends on how much men stay a specific amount of time in this zone. It's not like COD where everyone has a laserrocketmultiubernukelauncher and running like on xtc, but more like the usual soldier in 1914 getting a nice third hole in his skull if he tries to run on the map like an idiot.All in all i have to thank the Verdun team for this game, it's great!"
,Recommended,242860,10963727,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,rafe simon,how could one game be this based?
,Recommended,242860,21331508,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,PoiluRaider,"Love to raid German trenches, and charge in to No man's land under cover of fellow Canadian and British troops. Love the game, buy it!"
76561198143235423,Recommended,242860,21194729,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Baked Bakerchief,Most awesome.
,Recommended,242860,21355681,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,RECON-RAT,"Verdun is a great trench warfare game!  Authentic weapons and maps make the game feel real, but still keeps it fun with respawns and endless assaults.  The community is great and the developers always update the game with weekly updates."
,Recommended,242860,21288530,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sgt Peacekeeper,"I can't believe I haven't left a review for this game yet. It is a awesome WWI shooter. Don't expect to survive more than 2 hits and most of the time it is a one shot kill. Expect to die.  A LOT. When you first start out you are gonna want to go gunho as most shooters will let you.When defending, everyone lines up on the trench to drop anyone charging forward to stop them from capturing. Expect to sit in a trench for a long time killing people as bodies fill the trench.When attacking, expect the same treatment from your enemies. You need to hop from crater to crater to make it to their trenches to capture it. If you fail to capture it in time, you will need to retreat in time so you aren't executed. The game has a system that are basically killzone if you are in them for to long. Each side has different squads you can play as with four people per squad. Each squad has different roles and different weapons. Then, each role has three levels or upgrades they can have.I highly recommend this game if you want more than a run and gun shooter where accuracy is key."
76561198101032866,Recommended,242860,16931891,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,collar,"It still has a few bugs, but the concept is super fun to play and also something nwe. It is not like the regular FPS-GAmes, you really need to work together. Also it doesn't get boring because of all the different loadouts and weapons. iIwould like some more german squads...It's a little bit wierd, that it doesn't work at all on my friend's computer, wich is way more better than mine...But whatever, it works on my computer and I'm happy. :P"
,Recommended,242860,17388300,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Discomfort A.I,"Salute from the frontline lads! this game is really nice! i feel like in the real trenches when i start playing. Yes, there is few of bugs, but it doesnt matter if you got nice Rig (joke, what i got is an old pc's)if you like a war historical stuff, yes i recommend this game for ya.many ppl said, ""uh oh! hax!"", ""heh Wallhack!"", ""heh Aimbot Shi*"" but, i havent meet any player like that in the game, really what happen in the game, all the players are really nice and friendly. sometimes it make you laugh.so, buy it and leave it *eh i mean Play it! and feel the real history on it!Good luck on the Frontline Lads! never leave the trenches alone!"
76561198011459915,Recommended,242860,21418540,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Mrnsmo,"Edit: Now there seems to be a small amount of southern hemisphere players on every afternoon. That will do.Amazing WW1 game, unfortunatley, there is no one playing on the AU server so I have to put up with high ping from the US servers.I'll recommend this game to anyone living in the northern hemisphere. But I wont recommend it to southern players like myse"
76561198002631604,Recommended,242860,20952690,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,TrickiD,"When I hear whistles in real life I drop to the floor,cower and scream.Death. Death everywhere.7/10, would get thrown out of Costco again."
76561198000353145,Recommended,242860,21212401,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sauköter ⚔,I am confident we will reach Paris within two weeks.In Treue fest
,Recommended,242860,21254903,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Piggy,I got a medal for most time crawling. Best game ever and after a couple of days playing it your friends list will be full. 40/10 would recommend
,Recommended,242860,22582736,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LFT | Sincere Devil,"Well... I haven't Played Verdun for a while, But I try playing it now, it Either Crashes my Game, Or Completely freezes, i can't even join a lobby with this problem... Any ideas why?"
76561198141517420,Recommended,242860,24054503,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BlargArgNarg,<Join squad><Spawn in fortress during a British attack><NCO ahead of me and random guy behind><NCO gunned down my an automatic weapon><Guy behind me blown to shreds><All alone in a dark tunnel><Run around shooting Brits><Avenge NCO and random guy>
,Recommended,242860,23225608,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Adxnsp,"It's fun and worth the money that you will spend on this. If you need something more in-depth look at other reviews. Also snipers, no matter what, watch your trench, never defending."
76561198069446334,Recommended,242860,25068330,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Rat Man,Verdun is a very good game. It really makes me feel free as a rat. I like to eat garbage
76561198086980394,Recommended,242860,24681458,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Crush3d1ce,"I love verdun, you meet all sorts of funny, and nice people, who just want to blow your brains out. I had the most interesting experience ever on Verdun. Now you may ask ""what happened?"", well I'll tell you. It was a small lobby of about 6, we had just finished the last match, when we loaded into a new map (dun dun dunnn). At this point, there where 3 of us left on the lobby, and two of us were constantly dying from suicide (according to the game). The other player ;eft the lobby after his 10th death. but i refused to go out like this!, suddenly the remaining user (who hasnt died from suicide) tells me that he has a away to restore my terrain, and I said ""how?"". The man replied "" I can rstore your terrain, IF you answer me this. I reply shivering with fear ""Okay?"", the man simply said ""Do you like Fish Sticks?"". And as I contemplated whether or not I truly did enjoy the seafood of question, I quickly said yes to get my terrain back. The man says ""So your a gay fish?"" and my terrain was restored. Still to this day I think back to that horrible match the end."
76561198206934183,Recommended,242860,25129890,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,xxxwaynexxx3,as real as it gets
,Recommended,242860,15774990,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BassMasterson,Pros:+ Historically accurate+ Satisfying gunplay+ Great Community+ Für den Kaiser!+ You can take out all of that repressed anger on newf.ags+ Hit 'X' and the game becomes 10x betterCons:- Shellshock- Trench foot- The French are in it1916/10 Would camp like a little bit.ch again
76561198091920326,Recommended,242860,24752246,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,♥ Princess Flemy ♥,"Verdun is a great game and is worth every dollar it is priced, nothing more needs to be said about this game. 10/10"
76561198206818699,Recommended,242860,19837777,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Astrojr630,fun face paced
,Recommended,242860,24970490,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,aomsin182,Good game.
,Recommended,242860,24926384,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Swank,It's really hard to enjoy chili when a mortar just took off all your squadmates' legs and they just WON'T STOP SCREAMING.
76561197986954580,Recommended,242860,24906999,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kovalu,I love this game. Arguably the FPS in all my games with the most replayability.
76561198174296193,Recommended,242860,24912615,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BurritoBro,"This game is awesome, worth the price. The servers are usually filled with people, never had tried to get on and found that the game was empty. The game is authentic, save bullet wounds and friendly fire, maybe some other things that dont come to mind immediately. I love it and highly recommend it."
76561198161103467,Recommended,242860,24915598,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Gunboat,one of the best games by far i highly recemend its just the best ive ever played of this tipe
76561198059925699,Recommended,242860,13617394,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Schneider,"Crawled through mud, barbed wire ducked under bullets and reached the enemy trench, then was teamkilled by a mortar 11/10"
76561198081561944,Recommended,242860,16727137,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,"Cthulhu Is R'lyeh Happy ^(;,;)^","Verdun is a very good World War 1 game, and I imagine after many updates it will be a fantastic one.PROS+ Good gunplay+ Fun gameplay+ Variety in classes+ Historical GameCONS- Needs updating- Needs to be optimised"
76561198124215434,Recommended,242860,23389793,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,LomaJorma,I highly recommend this game for everyone who likes FPS games. This is a very well made game. Graphics and other stuff are very well made.New players may be confused at first but when you get used to everything the game is very fun to play.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!
,Recommended,242860,25041611,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,RJ4989,The map design is great and I like the emphasis on squad based gameplay with actual in game benefits to playing within and nearby your squad. The weapon unlock system is a little convoluted and took me a while to figure out but beside that I've had a ton of fun with this game
76561198125738162,Recommended,242860,23120854,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,k5,IT'S GOOD.
76561198014119645,Recommended,242860,25335853,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Stylic,"Game asked me to review it, so I am.It has improved alot since it was first on steam. $25 might be a little steep, however I feel I got my moneys worth out of it. It is not the best looking or best balanced game, but it is fun. Playing with friends in a four man squad is where I get most of my enjoyment from. Coordinating the pushes into enemy territory or chasing the enemy out of the trench both give a satisfying feel.If you don't like camping, mad dashes through dangerous terrain, being killed by random explosions, being mowed down by multiple machince guns, or being sniped from no where; this game may not be the game for you.All in all, there are better reviews to look at if you want to know what you are getting into."
76561198018611963,Recommended,242860,24694093,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,salmon the man,fun
,Recommended,242860,24589101,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SPIN_THY_LEEK,"So I have this love and hate relationship with this game.1. Do I enjoy it?why yes, yes I love this game, because this game offers a really fun experience and new ""challenge"" or enviorment to play in. So far this is the best WW1 shooter I have seen and it is a good hardecore game. My only issues with this game which makes me want to smash my moniter is that this game (at least from my experience) is that either the netcode or something at times is bad. When I am hiding behind a wall, I get shot no matter what because on that persons screen I was standing, or when I shot someone they dont get hit. But thats all, if you dont have it just get it, its a cheap game and why not? very fun with friends :P"
,Recommended,242860,22199189,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,toothpastaduck,If your looking for a good WW1 shooter go play this! Its realy realstic you maby die a lot but when you know how to play its a lot of fun I only miss the flare guns
,Recommended,242860,24532110,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,A. Crawford,"Great game. Wish the game had some more maps and an eastern and southern front with russians, ottoman turks, Austro hungarians, etc. Still a great game"
,Recommended,242860,16229612,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Lt. Geordi LaForge,"Threw a grenade and I died, killed someone with the grenade while I was dead. 10/10"
76561198066411216,Recommended,242860,24000647,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tom067,"Great gameplay, great squad mechanics, great atmosphere, this game has it all.The maps are as detailed and as realistic as they can get, I never felt so vulnerable moving around the map in a game before. Getting through no man's land is a matter of luck, you run from cover to cover hoping no one will catch eye on you and be quick to aim and shoot while you're exposed. Trench sweeping is no easier, moving from corner to corner of a trench, hoping to kill the enemy behind it before he catches sight of you.You will die a lot, shot by snipers, crippled by machineguns, maimed by artillery and poisoned by gases. With enough patience and some skill, you can still be able to do the same to the enemy.This game is definitely one of the best multiplayer FPS I've ever played. Props to the dev team for the amount detail, balance, original mechanics and historical accuracy. It could be a bit more polished, but it's already great as it is."
76561198087471211,Recommended,242860,24001669,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FYEO,This is a very fun and historically accurate game it really captures what it would be like in WW1 you can tell the developers put alot of effort into this game and cant wait till it comes to console
76561198129187169,Recommended,242860,23415753,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Yelax,"Definitely the best game for ww1 out there, graphics,game play and community is all good. I think this game needs to be more realistic those as some aspects on the trenches and units are a bit off."
76561198021658883,Recommended,242860,13171183,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,asarno1969,"Love this game.Can be glitchy after updates, butif you like grind it out intense infantry combatget it on sale, if you like new age combat don'tget it, have to work as a team to win, this is oldschool WWI combat"
,Recommended,242860,24083949,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Memer47,I Saw my friend charge at an enemy trench with a primed grenade and kill 2 enemy soldiers with it10/10 Would Allahu Akbar again
76561198071027175,Recommended,242860,24077711,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,WizardZzZz,i have to say this game has come a long way and never fails to impress me. playing since the beta and continue to this day. you will not go wrong buying this. every match has a different turn for the best or worse for your team. recommend highly for fps games and those who like team based combat games.
76561197961520729,Recommended,242860,24035815,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ronin the Roman,"I am a fan of history. I am a fan of world war history. i am a bigger fan of historical world war games. this is ranked as my #1 favorite of them all. it does everything right as a authentic world war 1 shooter. it's fast paced, and has extensive replayability, and has inspired me to research even more about the war from the game. highly recommend getting this. play with friends. play by yourself. just play it and see what you're missing. you won't regret it."
,Recommended,242860,22053870,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,GodExits,"Squad of fourHolding trenchEnemies break through the lineSquadmates and I fix bayonetsAfter that,All you say isEAT THISEAT THISEAT THISEAT THISEAT THIS!!!Trench secured."
76561198087841091,Recommended,242860,22771734,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Swag Daddy [WSS],"Wow, this Game has gone so far. I was introduced to the game in the Summer of 2013 it is now 2016. This game has gone through so many stages to were its unreal. The devs have added incredible content and I am glad my friend convinced me to buy this game. It is not only a realistic FPS, but it is also a PTSD simulator. Just imagine watching a fellow comrade slowly die after getting his leg blown off, or one of your squad mates drowning in his own blood. You like these features? Well than this is the game for you. Hope to see you on the Front soon.-Swag Daddy [WSS]"
,Recommended,242860,23438025,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jacktropolis,"I recommend this game for any WWI history lover out there! The graphics are perfect to go with the historic battlefields, and it brings back what war was like in the 1900s. I LOVE THIS GAME!"
76561198235212308,Recommended,242860,24110826,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pootar,pretty cool
76561198217167404,Recommended,242860,24094921,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fb||Picou,"The only game where you have no shame to camp...In brief : nice game, but very difficult (one shot, one kill)10/10"
,Recommended,242860,24095599,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,T.w² |Velocity,very good game but where is the single player?
,Recommended,242860,23997679,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuperRIDDE5,"Well what is there to say about Verdun that hasn't been said? I have no idea, but here's my thoughts anyway:I truly enjoy Verdun every time I play it, both because it's simply a good game with reasonable controlls, good graphics and well-paced gameplay. But a few specific reasons that I actually like it:1. The Great War. The War to end all wars. World War One or The First World War. Call it whatever you like, this is a war that for me sparks an instant interest in it. Fought nearly 100 years ago, it's a conflict that has formed modern society just as much as WWII, but has been overshadowed by it for different reasons. Verdun is one of the few games that actually allows you to partake in this era, and (for now, I'm looking at you BF1 you copycat) that puts you right down in the trenches. You are given old weapons that had either been used for ages because they worked, and new and revolutionary weapons that this very conflict made neccesary.2. The atmosphere. Verdun is by no means an easy game, but to me it shouldn't be. Why? Because it gives you an impression as to how it must have felt for the soldiers, there in the Fields of Flanders or around the fortress of Verdun; It's gritty, it's bloody, it's frightening, and it really leaves an impression. Forget about sending in drones and attack-helicopters to smoke out the enemy from afar, that's what the artillery is for, though mostly it doesn't work. Then what happens?You attack. You and your comrades, shoulder to shoulder, climbs out of your trench and into No-man's-land just to be slaughtered by enemy machine guns. And when you try to defend your trench, you're always afraid that a sharpshooter will send a bullet flying right for your skull. Nowhere is safe. Your only option is to attack or defend, and either way death is always near. If not yourself, then the ever-growing piles of rotting corpses littering the battlefield.It might sound silly coming from me talking about a game, and Verdun is nowhere close to truly telling how the Great War was to the common soldier. But to me at least it gives a decent impression, being a game of course. As I said earlier, it's not easy, but I don't think it should be. War is Hell, it's never an easy affair, and dying in Verdun does not feel like a punishment (unless you're That person who never ducks behind cover); it reminds you death awaits you just around the corner, and that corner is exactly where you're supposed to attack. There's no way around, only a meat-grinder that stretches from Switzerland to the English Channel.3. The French and Belgians are actually in the game, and are not running away. Always a good sign. Ps. Belgians are badasses for fighting even thought 3/4 of Belgium was occupied!So what are you waiting for? The fate of Europe is hanging in a thin thread, and your country needs you! Enlist and serve King and Country! The Great War awaits you soldier, give the enemy Hell!"
,Recommended,242860,24008378,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,d[]CTAWAALd'//,Awesome WW1 game!Not your daily-routine run & shoot game.Teamwork & tactics make you win the matchWhat are you waiting for ? BUY NOW!
76561198236168286,Recommended,242860,16837188,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,AXX177,Simply a fantasic game.
,Recommended,242860,15586549,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,BromeoDragonfly,solid
76561198150842584,Recommended,242860,24736796,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Papa scorch,This game really makes you think you are in the trenches of WWI
76561198039701403,Recommended,242860,28241104,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,HEPOZ,"Slow paced and intense. You will die a lot.But when you enter an enemy trench, the fun fast pace begins...You die again.Repeat."
76561198121010367,Recommended,242860,24586959,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Raider,Great game. If you're looking for authentic WWI combat look no further.
76561198064366948,Recommended,242860,24654989,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Inconvenient Truth,"An overall very good ww1 fps.  Some bugs, but overall runs very well. Really appreciate the developer's focus on historical authenticity.  This is an infantry game so don't expect the game to be adding tanks and other vehicles to the game.  Hope they can add some Italian and Austro-Hungarian squads eventually."
76561198090646852,Recommended,242860,24027637,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,LORDeyehead,"Pros:+Every weapon in the game is incredebly satisfy and/or fun to use. Its hard to convey exactly why, but quickly snaping off a head shot with a rifle, or cutting down a squad with an MG is one of the most enjoyable things I've done in an FPS.  satisfying. Every weapon feels unique and different.+The game is very authentic and historically accurate, without getting into the way of gameplay too much.+The is tons of varety in maps and weapons+The game is very imersive and can really capture the feeling of WWI at times, chargin fruitlessly at enemy trenches, your fellow soilders getting cut down around you as you dive for cover in a muddy ditch.+There is a fairly high skill celling. Map knowledge of safe routes and vurnerable areas to attack is very usefull. Aiming, of course, takes skill like most other FPSs, but a new thing is how critically important cover is. In 'All Quite on the Western Front', the narrator mentions how the new recruits have a terrible eye for cover, and get killed because of it. This is one of the most important aspects of the game. It also takes a while to get use to the uniforms of the differnt factions so that you know who to shoot. There isn't friendly fire, but it still is bad to shoot everybody on sight for obvious reasons.+Teamwork is very important. Knowing when the enemy is attacking from or where they're weak is essential, as is coordinating offencives to overwhelm the enemy in a certain area.+Relativly short que times, at least in the US.Cons:-The game can seem very unballanced at times, and it can be very frustrighting. The german SMG, for example, seems very OP until you actually start using it and learning how situation it is and how difficult it is to use. Its still annoying to have one guy kill a squad rounding a corner my holding down left mouse button, however.-A few buggs and lag spikes, nothing too major but still there.Overall, the game is great, providing an imersive, challenging, and fun expirence,while most games can only manage one. If you can put up with having to be on the same team as Frenchmen :P."
,Recommended,242860,23962521,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bunro,"HEY YOU DO YOU LIKE RIFLES THAT KILL IN ONE SHOT AND DONT FLY LIKE NERF DARTS? THEN PICK UP VERDUN ITS A GREAT WWI SHOOTER WHERE YOU GET AUTHENTIC WEAPONS SOLDIERS AND EVEN THE HORRIFYING DEATHS OF ALL YOUR ALLIES FROM ARTILLERY, GAS, AND MACHINE GUN FIRE. GET IT TODAY!!!!"
,Recommended,242860,23951609,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,★Prince Vegeta™,First off i got this on sale a few days ago instead of fl price just incase it was not enjoyable. I then found out it would he worth the original price. After a complication of the game crashing once i set the video to high i managed to fix this and could play it properly. And i have got to say it is one of the greatest fps games i have played for a long time most fps games these days are modern or futuristic shooters and the odd ww2 shooter here and there its not often you come across first world war. Especially one based off a real event and real locations this is a are occurrence too. The trench fights close to distant combat make it very enjoyable  for people who love close combat and combat from afar i will highly recommend this game to any ww1 fans and fps fans 9.5/10 i would give it 10 if i didn't have that complication of the game crashing  if this did not happen i would have a few more hours packed into this already thanks for reading and i hope i have helped you make the right choice (buy it!)
76561198313853983,Recommended,242860,24008010,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Uncle Rico,learning curve♥♥♥♥
76561198007244756,Recommended,242860,19377212,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,AlganonAU 30:wololo:,"Excellent game!Likes:- Historical weaponry. Lots of single shot weapons,- Constantly getting killed, quick lesson in the necessity to take cover and calculated risks.- The squad based fighting - got to work in teams. Can be an individual but teamwork gives the enemy other people to shoot at! (Murphy's law of war!).- The backwards and forwards of the battle. Sometimes defending, sometimes attacking, but there is always something going on, and you always have to be active!- Having to ""go over the top"" and the appreciation for fighting your way over no-man's land.- Use of indirect fire support and chemical warfare. GAS GAS GAS! (would be good to have a gas alarm!- Leadership of the NCO is a good feature.Dislikes:- How do you resupply ammo, except for being killed? Why not pick up ammo, or have resupply in the trenches?- Its too clean. Seems all the battles are in summer, in good weather. What about rain, snow, and other adverse conditions?- No mud? The trenches are too tidy. Why not have some flooded?- Why not introduce a medic class? So if a player is wounded, they could be patched up?- There was a learning curve to get to understand some of the games key features. For the first few hours I was just getting killed heaps trying to figure it out. Would be beneficial to make learning the game a bit more intuitive, or to introduce a ""training"" mission so that newbies can learn the game mechanics prior to battle.- After 17hrs, I've reached game level 7 and I still don't know how to level up and change weapon loadouts... how? Could this be better explained in the game?In summary an innovative and enjoyable game. The attention to history is good. WW1 is an often neglected computer game theme. There's an oversupply of WW2 games, and yet this is the only FPS WW1 game that comes to mind.Overall, excellent game. 8/10."
,Recommended,242860,8563190,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Naugrim,"The frame rate can be a bit wonky at times, and the graphics aren't spectacular, but I've been having a lot of fun with this game and I believe it's worth the time of anyone who would be interested in playing it."
,Recommended,242860,22927104,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ostheim,"I remember seeing Verdun before it was released and highly anticipating it.  With dedicated support from the developers fixing bugs and adding content, I say it's the best WW1 FPS ever created to date."
,Recommended,242860,23990920,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,"Aygentnahmanjayden, FBI","There's nothing quite like WW1 trench warfare: bolt-action rifles, bayonets, getting stuck on barbed wire, and trenchs overflowing with mutilated bodies...It's all here."
,Recommended,242860,17125199,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Sir Oxholm,"Verdun is a Tactical shooter, it is slow paced, requires teamwork and planning (nothing like Call of Duty). This game is about infantry combat in the static trench warfare at the Western Front in WWI, something it represents quite well for a video game!As you can imagine, an attack on the opposing trench can be quite difficult, you'll be facing machine gun fire, artillery and barbed wire with nothing but a bolt-action rifle and a few grenades, so it feels quite rewarding to capture a trench! If you want to succeed, the best way to do so is by teamwork and effective use of the terrain. As an NCO you get the ability to use artillery strikes or gas, which is awesome! The only drawback worth mentioning is that it could've been more maps.Anyway, I highly recommend this if you're interested in military history, or if you just enjoy a good shooter with some tactics. Perhaps the best WWI game so far, it is fun and sticks to its theme!"
76561198163747500,Recommended,242860,23277446,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,honor skrt,Best game ever and is so addicting because its not future but it is WW1 which is in the past and I think shooters should not be futuristic.
76561198019592573,Recommended,242860,19834474,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,akurma,You'll spend 90% of this game laying in the mud of a trench
,Recommended,242860,22989443,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Schnitzel,Get f***ed simulater 1916Would die for no gain or reason again10/10
,Recommended,242860,32095000,Posted: 31 May,all,U4 FiveThree,"An incredibly naturalistic simulation of World War 1 that never ceases to amaze, with emphasis on squad based tactics. This game is a must, topping Battlefield 1 in some aspects!"
76561198110126210,Recommended,242860,31017202,Posted: 8 April,all,Oogie Boogie,"This game is SO GODDAMN AWESOME, it is also really bloody and quite dark when you realise that all of your corpses stay where they are, it does exactly what it says on the tin and delivers it so strongly, I have only put 26 hours onto it and i love it already."
76561198012840797,Recommended,242860,20389061,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,﴾ ┘ꚛ└ ﴿ -AdmirableBoot,"so much fun, if you like fast paced fps this is not a game for you. this is a team game, if you want to win you must work together. the devs give a $hit about this game, you can see it everytime they release a new update. hands down my favorite fps on the market. great job devs, i hope you port it to xbox or playstation one day."
76561198070335034,Recommended,242860,29550098,Posted: 28 January,all,DerSpookyChickenKaiser,"A standard Verdun attack- Run into No Man's Land- Get mauled by machine gun fire- Run into No Man's Land again- Get sniped- Get into enemy trench- Entire squad dies to a grenade- ""Our attack lost momentum""- Retreat- Die- Spawn in trench- Die to mortarThat's WW1 for ya."
76561198053543102,Recommended,242860,17033424,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,TW,"Great graphics and a really good real life feel to the First World War's battlefields. I think the game modes are very detailed and structured but the game could be improved by adding some more game modes. I would defiantly recommend it to people who like FPS's and WWI. I am really impressed with the character models created and I think they are very similar to real WWI soldiers. Very happy, great game."
76561198287917610,Recommended,242860,32847929,Posted: 27 June,all,Lemming,"This game is really good, but it has not the ""attention"" that it deserves."
76561198299387402,Recommended,242860,32842741,Posted: 26 June,all,makamore11,"this game will only be enjoyable to a select group of people, but if you are part of it, then the game will be a good time. It is realistic, it apeals to historians like my self, and the gameplay, while challenging at times, is fun. There are some flaws, as any game, but it is very fun"
,Recommended,242860,32853879,Posted: 27 June,all,Krazu,amazing 10/10
,Recommended,242860,25344056,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Reaperance,"Wow! Amazing game I always loved the history of the WW1 and this game makes it realistic, right now its 22,99€ but that might change after a while. Worth the money and play it yourself (the moving while laying down is very buggy but I can live with it)"
76561197992165450,Recommended,242860,24087271,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Big Smurf,"Quite basic looking and not a clue what I'm doing, but it's fun none the less."
76561198168716972,Recommended,242860,32134637,Posted: 2 June,all,✪Deadpool,An excellent WWI game which is very realistic and requires a strategic mind.The only aspect of the game which i really dislike are the wires that can easily get you killed if you don't watch your step!!
,Recommended,242860,31967499,Posted: 26 May,all,Valentine,"Verdun is gritty, hard, and merciless.You will get shot for no reason, and someone will hit you with a shovel when you think you are safe. But that is the point, you do not know when your enemy is coming but you know where they are coming from. You need to use your wits and coordinate with your teammates to take the position and win the day!This game is hard but awesome, like if darksouls was set in real life!"
76561198066277297,Recommended,242860,24710745,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Raven_The_Wanderer,"Verdun is a first-person shooter taking place in World War One, it's semi-realistic in that one bullet will kill you, and it's brutal. The main draw of Verdun is it's realistic trench warfare, and there have been times where I've died to an unseen enemy, or wasted an entire clip on a stump that looked like an enemy, but turned out to be an enemy hiding behind a stump that killed me.BUY VERDUN!"
,Recommended,242860,19380294,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Katnip,"Great game, get it"
,Recommended,242860,23137544,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mangoloid,"Verdun is a first person shooter placed directly in World War One on the Western Front. I must say that overall it is a very solid game, but it does require a powerful computer. Each game consists of one side that attacks the other side's trench, and if successful, captures it, and now must defend it; however, if they fail, then the defending side counter-attacks, and et cetera. People connect in squads of four; the leader of this squad can call down gas and mortar strikes. The graphics are high-quality, and the game itself follows true to the actual events of World War One. However, I must warn you that if you aren't very good at sniping, this might not be the game for you if you are the one playing defense."
76561198009014587,Recommended,242860,22917401,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,chri,"Do you like realistic shooters?Do you like WWI?If the answer to both question is yes, then buy the gameNOW!"
76561197977966624,Recommended,242860,23194696,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Lt Shiv,"Like Day of Defeat? Red Orchestra? GET THIS GAME!Like COD? GET THIS GAME SO I CAN PWN YOU!Verdun is a very well done look at an underexplored part of modern history. It manages to capture the futility of the western front while simultaneously making every frag seem like you won the war. Teams are big, squads are small, roles are varied. Your team will have a different set of tools at its disposal every time you play the main gameplay mode. (frontline). There is also a bolt-action deathmatch mode and more to keep you busy if frontline isn't your cup of tea du jour.  Worth the price of admission. I haven't enjoyed a shooter this much since I started playing Day of Defeat Source back when it was new. Pick this up and you'll be doing yourself a favor."
76561198008007895,Recommended,242860,20537775,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ALEXANDER NEVSKY,"""Not to determine who was right, but who was left.”Camon Lads!"
76561198041236429,Recommended,242860,15979082,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[CIA] Agent Birch,"Verdun is a game that is a very impressive, and beautiful as it is the first World War 1 FPS. The game has a different kind of warfare in mind with this game. It is not in the future jumping around with jet packs. Now it is a game that is about team work, trench warfare, leadership and just over running your enemies. You will have many World War 1 weapons at your disposal, some of these are like the M08/15 heavy machine gun or the lee Enfield bolt action rifle. This game has many classes like the rifle man, the officer, the grenadier or bomber for the British and many more classes. This game has so much to offer, but it does have it's faults. The game does suffer from bad spawns this can be worked out, but also the game also get very boring at times. Sure, it is fun to run back and forth it trench warfare, but hopefully they can add more game modes, because the basic mode is very repetitive and has no replay value if you want to just do endless fighting with no rewards but only to level up in a certain class. I would say this game is an 8/10."
76561198214188836,Recommended,242860,23737854,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,johnozzi94,You will die. Many many many times. If you're looking for a realistic WW 1 shooter then that's exactly what you want. You will enter the meat grinder of trench warfare with weapons that kill in 1 shot (most of the time) powerful artillery and gory death animations that bring the trenches to life for you. I'll buy the console version of this long before I buy CoD Battlefield 1
,Recommended,242860,23738704,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DJLUVORNG,This game captures the grittiness of World war 1 perfectly. You can feel the atmosphere while you play. I wish more people played this game.
76561198064625312,Recommended,242860,15602182,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,[T.M.W]DesertFox,Fun ww1 Immersive game
76561198060239421,Recommended,242860,22228741,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Vanilla Puphs,Physics when someone blows up are halarious.
,Recommended,242860,23637649,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Daddy,The atmosphere is really fun to play in if you're a ww1 enthusiast. Accurate uniforms and weaponry. Few glitches here and there but all in all the game is fun.
76561198054633218,Recommended,242860,23860667,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Briggers,A highly addictive shooter. I would highly reccomend buying this game.
,Recommended,242860,21207993,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,︻芫═── TD ︻芫═─,Stunning game in every way and it does it job of showing how cruel and unforgiving the world war was
76561198121500605,Recommended,242860,22555521,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Hopfski,Buy this game. It's weird at first but once you get the hang of it this game is amazing. Definitely play with friends
,Recommended,242860,23591124,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,The Trench-Ghost,"I ran in the trench and bayonetted like 12 people in a row, shot one man, bayonetted another 3 and won us the trench. Then a mortar blew my legs off. 10/10 would fight great war again."
76561198170693639,Recommended,242860,23555246,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,thssmith14,great game. wish there was campain for when internet is not good
76561198142568423,Recommended,242860,18107161,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,theprestige25,Just love this game...keep coming back to it again and again. More units and more nations in the future would be even more welcome! onwards and upwards
,Recommended,242860,20524163,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Omar,"It is a WW1 game a rarity anyway, I will compare it to Red Orchestra 2.While it does not have good gameplay and sound design, it does make it up with good map design and different roles and classes.I say if you enjoy RO2 pick this up it has healthy amount of players playing at any day of the week."
76561198104231069,Recommended,242860,16087874,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Papa Bless,This game down right the most fun/cool world war game out there running through gas filed trenches shooting people or being shot along the way is the coolest thing i have seen this game has taken my deepest wishes and put them into a back and forth firefight i recommend this to any one who likes FPS's.
,Recommended,242860,25705190,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Imagine Bagginz,"After the latest update, this game has gotten MUCH better. At first, it was barely enjoyable due to hitbox and object glitches, but after a patch, this is turning out to be a great game. I very much recommend it to people with a little patience and love for trench warfare."
,Recommended,242860,16509914,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Alexica,"Perhaps it's strange to say a game where I died about two seconds after each spawn in my first couple of matches gives me warm fuzzy feels.  My first loves were MOH:AA and COD1 though, and this game takes me back there.It feels like a good old, classic shooter.  Weapons are not overly complicated but the squad and class system gives depth for those that want it.It's brutal at first with a steep learning curve, but oh so rewarding once you figure out what the hell you're doing and how to work together with your squad mates.- Love love love the realism of one-shot kills with the glorious bolt-action rifles (no spray and pray here!)- Love the trench warfare (""tug-of-war"") dynamic- Love the amount of effort that has been put into making it historically accurate- Love the attention to detail - like moments when you're crawling along in a ditch, think you hear someone, only to realise it's the clattering of the gear hanging from your own backpack making the noise...- Dislike weapon jams.  But hey, this is realism after all."
76561198052160327,Recommended,242860,20051179,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ap,"Just awesome, too many ww2 game, so this one is special :D"
76561198079511287,Recommended,242860,25217967,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,wargar,"this is not a cod clone, but a ww1 fps multiplayer game, very fun, but lacking in number of players of playing."
,Recommended,242860,25243558,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ilandar,"Verdun is a pretty unique shooter and very well made, but the trailers and screenshots are horribly misleading. You won't be running and gunning, players aren't going to charge forward...it's mostly just lying down or crouching in a hole, slowly moving up and then slowly retreating. It's extremely slow paced and yet there's no tension unlike similar ""realistic"" shooters like Insurgency. There are no ""clutch"" moments, or brief surges of action.The maps are pretty dull to look at as they're mostly just holes in the dirt surrounded by barbed wire and wooden fences...realistic, but pretty boring to play. Sound design is good. Gunplay is okay but hit detection seems a bit off at times. The game seems to be optimised well for lower-end systems, as even my aging laptop could run it smoothly with no issues.I can see the appeal and if you're interested World War 1 or slow-paced shooters, I can recommend Verdun. It's unlike anything else on the market and I'm sure there are people out there who love it. I'm just not one of them!"
76561198036353167,Recommended,242860,32966754,Posted: 28 June,all,Sgt Spanky,The best WW1/trench/camping/sniping simulator of all time. 10/10
76561198067733629,Recommended,242860,17307825,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Disgruntled Chinese Man,"I enjoy history, I enjoy playing realistic games. But Verdun has shown me that no matter how well a game can run or look it can still run like a soggy sponge.1. If you have high ping or low frames you are dead2. If you miss your shot you are dead3. If you walk the wrong way you are dead4. Go over the trench you are dead5. Stay in your trench layed down hugging the wall you are deadThe list goes on and on. No matter what you do in this game you die. I saw one review saying that the upgrading and stat stuff is easy to understand, heads up don't believe him it is so confusing. What are career points? How do I get them? What is this unlock tree in my squad? How do i unlock stuff in said tree?I have never played a game that has made me so enraged in the first five seconds of playing...no not even five seconds more like the first death. Either you are a sniper picking off person by person or you are being shot from absolutley nowhere while their guy's run down your throat.All of this would be fine and able to be accepted if there wasn't only like 3 maps, and if you hold your breath for one second while aiming you might as well throw your aim across the screen and have a seizure.Oh and 9 times out of 10 you will go negative in kills and deaths in this game."
76561198089439094,Recommended,242860,19259580,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,yaaaaaaay,this game is great! i would reccomend it to anyone who wants a good ww shooter game!i had a lot of fun with it. you really get your bang for your bock
,Recommended,242860,33134902,Posted: 2 July,all,Flymifox ●ᴥ●,"It's a good game,but didn't have enough to keep me going."
,Recommended,242860,33105425,Posted: 1 July,all,Faze.XxXPuSsYsLaYeRXxX,>playing marksman>in a game abt trench warfare>being called a camper and noob10/10 best game ever
,Recommended,242860,32091582,Posted: 31 May,all,waaaahhh,great on the historical acurracy whith weapons and warfare defenatly the most realistic FPS in WW1
76561198093953458,Recommended,242860,30111589,Posted: 22 February,all,AldousAllen,"Verdun has to be one of my absolute favorite first person shooters on the market right now. The trench system is an absolute winner, and the way the game alternates between attack and defense every few minutes keeps things lively."
76561198064518234,Not Recommended,242860,20517860,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Gen. York,"The new update of the game just ruined the fun. Spawn camping, unbalenced teams, and overwelming shelling."
76561198159164096,Recommended,242860,19016922,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,cosminmoti,This game has-WW1-gas attacks-nice community-nice devs and trench ratts-good ammount of weapons and squads-free DLC's-Teamwork10/10 for sure      Buy it if you want to have fun :)
76561197981867244,Recommended,242860,32919836,Posted: 28 June,all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"Pretty great shooter. Sometimes it's a little frustrating. Not quite going to wet your Battlefield whistle, I think, because the scale isn't as grand. However, I think the charging, crawling, and clearing gameplay for most maps and classes is a lot more thrilling than anything I can recall in BF1.Pretty nice community, very little drama or trash talk. It's kind of closenit and it didn't take long until people started recognizing me from other games. There's usually at least one full game on the US or EU servers, even in the dead of night.Lots of weapons, lots of classes (though you have to play as a class that's open if the servers are at high capacity). Class changing works by clicking an empty position on the leaderboard or making a new platoon. It's been awhile since I've played a good PC FPS leaning more simulator than arcade.. but I think the gunplay feels very nice, and can often be satisfying. The sniping has some drop and drift, but it doesn't seem as detailed as BF1 or Battlegrounds, as far as I can tell. The sniper scope is pretty awful to my taste, it's a little blurry fisheye that's intended to work with a spotter (and even gives you a spotter class), but nobody ever plays that position as intended. Although, many snipers overcome what I consider a pretty terrible scope and lack of bionoculars, and rake in the kills. I've found that the machine gunner is just as good or better at sniping, with any weapon, as long as you get a good position.And yes, you'll have those iconic ""machine gunner mowing down human wave"" moments.My only real gripe right now is that artillery is too frequent, too lethal, and with some upgrades comes with too big a radius. You'll see people get 8-9 kills in a hit, then they wait 45 seconds and do it again.All in all, I think anyone who likes a good FPS and is willing to learn to do things a bit different and have some patience is going to love it. Players of games like Mount and Blade Napoleon will also enjoy it, I would say, although there's certainly much less discipline and roleplay here. But the feeling of siege, chaos, and gritty battle is alive in Verdun."
76561198142766023,Recommended,242860,32896121,Posted: 27 June,all,Stapylococcus,"I LOVE this game. It is a little difficult at first but when you get used to the gameplay, it gets more fun."
76561197999093196,Recommended,242860,32900099,Posted: 27 June,all,Aelistia,"Hardcore Squad based leveling system which is wonderful, and makes you wanna get at least 3 other friends to play with constantly"
,Recommended,242860,32973044,Posted: 28 June,all,[Vanirs] Gasten,OMG such a great game. It clearly has some mechanics that need to be fixed but such a great framework for a game. The sniping is hard to get into but everything else has a low threshold to pick up and be effective. I havent had it long but when i spent 6 hours the first night playing with my 3 friends that I was hooked!
76561198023896205,Recommended,242860,33014577,Posted: 29 June,all,shortbus131,"This game clings to a more realistic approach to WWI. Because of this, you need to expect that you will have some seemingly cheap deaths, you will probably start out with a terrible K/D until you are used to the game, and that this is nothing like Battlefield 1. You will actually have to use the actual weapons used in the real war and each nation/team has different squad units, within which will also have different weapons, etc.Now you also have to understand what 'realistic' means in video game standards. It seems stupid that I am saying that, but I think people overthink what 'realistic' means in games overall, then making too high of expectations. There are of course some glitches that happen and yes there are times where it actually will be a bs kill/death, but come on, every game has these moments.I of course wish a couple things to be changed/adjusted. It would be the way inviting/joining friends worked and how you add friends in the game. Perhaps the interface could be improved, but thats not a priority by any means.So overall, I believe this game is certainly worth the price when on sale, and if you prefer a type of fps where it's more 'realistic' (or basically will die very easily) along with moderately accurate games historically, then this is perfect for you. If not that way/interest, then I don't recommend for those people."
76561198027968547,Recommended,242860,32896622,Posted: 27 June,all,sopasensei,"Really good game! Historically accurate not only in weapons, uniforms and squads but also in its gameplay style. The attack and defend system recreates the stalemate nature of trench warfare and its also very fun to play. Its also very brutal, you die mostly on one hit. The class system also works very good and allows interesting squad-based tactics, specially the NCO class (orders, mortar, recon and smokescreens are crucial if you want a good performance). Teamwork is key to win!However, as a historian I wish they could introduce more types of squads. The fact that they left colonial troops out of the picture is problematic. I recommend to include regiments like the Tirailleurs Sénégalais and the Gurkhas, just to name two of the most renowned Allied troops from overseas. That would make a more inclusive game while still making it historically accurate."
76561198009526603,Recommended,242860,32419824,Posted: 14 June,all,Trumbettoo,"While proned, raise your head little bit above trench to see anything...dead.While attacking, try to get to nearest artillery hole for cover...dead.While attacking, try to take shorter route to nearest artillery hole for cover...razorwired.While defending, hide below trenchline while mortars pound...dead.Try to shoot the guy from 3 meters while aiming...dead.Try to ""secure"" trench by covering behind something and kill advancing enemies...dead by granade.As for first 10 hours, estimated 5 are waiting for respawn.0-10+ kills/owned ratio... is normal.Git gud never felt more appropriate."
,Recommended,242860,29192915,Posted: 11 January,all,Aleksandros,"I don't have to search for a few hours to find a trench like in BF1! Trenches in WW1!? IMAGINE THAT!Joking aside, this game is wonderful. No season pass, no DLC, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Just good WW1 styled squad based combat. She doesn't look bad either. We got the Ladies from Hell too, Buaidh no Bàs!"
76561198034663121,Recommended,242860,32600433,Posted: 20 June,all,bshawkins67,"This is hands down the best WWI shooter ever made, and that is including the steampunkesque Vietnam style POS that Battlefield flushed down to customers.  With a real need to use squad tactics and knowing the limits of your weaponry, it isn't abot one player running through and killing everyone themselves. Or sniping/machine gunning them, for that matter. You really get the feel for the First World War when youre rushing across the mapto try to take a trench with 6 or 8 guys following you, hoping your team can keep the enemy's heads down so you don't get caught in the open.Pros:Excellent realismMust use teamworkExcellent balanceThe pros really aren't at an advantage to someone just learningThe limited ammo and firing speed of your very realistic weapons forces caution and planningCons:No controller support for windowsGraphics are very workable, but not as polished as some may be used toAn excellent buy, the replayability and general camaraderie of most of the players keeps me coming back to this game."
76561198056157313,Recommended,242860,23056219,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Doctor Manhattan,"This is a really great game to play, I've always wanted a great WWI game and i finally found it."
76561198018300922,Recommended,242860,15424478,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Ever get that feeling...,"Millions of soldiers, — millions of menAll going over, — I see them again;Oceans of water, submarines too,Millions of sailors helping them through.Millions of doughboys landing in Brest,Marching and marching, — never a rest;Millions of bullets thundering past,Millions of buddies wounded and gassed.Valleys of ruins, mountains of mud,Beautiful rivers, and rivers of blood;Aeroplanes flying, — bombs coming down,Millions of cooties crawling around.Pieces of shrapnel, — pieces of shell,Many a cross where somebody fell.Fighting and fighting, — a horrible war,And God knows what you're fighting it for.Then came November, — that Armistice DayOut of a trench into a cafe,Paddy and Abie and Jimmy and JackOver their bottles of wine and cognacTelling their love tales to Jean and Georgette,Little French girls they had to forget.And then came the journey over the foam,But all that went over, didn't come home."
76561198171856102,Recommended,242860,22985708,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,PlaguesNStuff,"This game is great! Not gonna lie, I didn't like it at first but it grew on me. The gameplay is brutal and attacking can be frustrating but it is amazingly fun once you get into it! Plus it has some of the best weapon variety and balance I've ever seen!"
76561198058704285,Recommended,242860,10495230,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,ReptarOnIce,"Verdun Is so much fun, and has a cool new topic, World War 1 not WW2 or modern day but is new and intresting. I am not a person who enjoys multiplayer only type games, I will usualy just play with bots if there allowed, but for verdun I make an exception. It is just a fun game."
76561198238638452,Recommended,242860,22743640,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,J.George | 5E-24,"This game is amazing. There are barely any flaws or bugs but the biggest one is not respawning at times but all u need to do is rejoin the server. The community is the best ive seen and the games is very balanced and enjoyable. You might die 5 times before u can get one kill but you need to practice, the point system is fun for unlocking guns and gear. Totallly recommend it, worth every penny"
,Recommended,242860,21553905,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dorality,Oui Oui Marie
,Recommended,242860,22839306,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Nix,amazing game! love it
76561198020156899,Recommended,242860,23054957,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Keesie,"When you get a feeling of how the rifles work in verdun it is a pretty neat game!Would recommend, but only if you are patient and not a raging ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like all 12 year old cod players. If you feel offended by this, you know you are a whiny little♥♥♥♥♥♥:DNo all jokes aside, if you rage easily this is not a game for you."
,Recommended,242860,15584650,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,тσму #dennis,"Great game, regular updates, realistic FPS World Was 1 shooter. Trench warfare is great with friends and a deathmatch mode is also active. Game feels nice to play and the guns are nice to use. 8/10"
,Recommended,242860,23140384,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Asian Viking,"The game has an call of duty feel to it but its gun engine is allot more immersive and its just a great game FOR those who are good at finding people that are greatly hidden in the maps, I mean you need to have GREAT eye consentration for this game."
76561198099790285,Recommended,242860,23011913,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,traeng,"A really good trench warfare FPS !I only do have 1 bad point to say, it's the movement of the player that seems to ''bump'' on walls in the trenches.otherwise, I think that rifles are a bit too precise, you can easily snipe a machinegunner across the map without any scope, and pistols are really powerful, and revolver have a lot of range."
76561198064467161,Recommended,242860,23012369,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,eric3844,"Load up gameGet into Frontlines matchAdvance Across No Man's Land and get shot by US Marine Machine GunnersStand on Trench Parapet to halt enemy advance and get sniped by Canadian RiflemenCrawl through trench - get Bayoneted by a Screaming Belgian in a top hatSeize Enemy Trench and get blown in half by British artilleryStand Still in rear zone and killed by an American Raider who cliped through the mapLose MatchExit to main menuHuddle in chair and shake violenty""It's a Long Road to Tipperary"" plays faintly in the background19/14 would have violent flashbacks whilst listening to old showtunes agin."
76561198107352855,Recommended,242860,24139668,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nord,"Is gud.Good developers.Good players, friendly fan base."
76561198016593641,Recommended,242860,24003928,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TheLizardKing,"Very fun game, very polished tons of variety in weapons and character designs.  Maps are fun and realistic."
,Recommended,242860,15779156,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Der Preuße,"If you're a world war 1 fan you have to try this out. Theres nothing like it and even if you're not a world war 1 fan though you should still really try this out as it is a whole new experience from other FPS games. The game usally is a lot of fun though it can be pretty frustrating when your dieing alot not getting anything done but generaly speaking it's a blast. I would reccommend convining a friend to get the game too so you can create a squad and play together for maximum fun. Though you can still play alone, but getting in high level squads will be harder for you.P.S. Battlefield one looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥in comparison to this, Buy this instead of the moneygrab of a game by EA thats unrealistic and barely WW1."
,Recommended,242860,24063078,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,gandorofthewoods,The historical accuracy and brutal fighting is fantastic. Great game for the price.
76561198007414857,Recommended,242860,24234626,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,timpotsuk,"I bought this a very long time ago. I tried it and to be honest at the beggining I didnt like it. However.... I recently decided to  reinstall and try again to see what was different and my God what a difference. Many bemoan developers dropping a game and the poeple developing this have clearly stuck with it and made it, well, awesome! A great FPS with a really supportive community. I was fully prepared fro 'newb this' and 'getgud' that but it never happened (maybe everyone was to busy shooting each other but Probably not). This game can give you the tense excitement if you yearn that kind of thing but maybe that will wear off. If you like historical FPS this is AN ABSOLUTE MUST. Great team mechanics and no pay to win. If there were double thumbs up I would give them."
76561198045577992,Recommended,242860,14472314,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Buffh,-> Grenade landed at enemies feet-> Flew 500 yards into the air-> 10/10 Would Frag Again
,Recommended,242860,15036775,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,MajorCollision,"I must admit, Verdun is worth what it is. It's well developed, and always is updated.And my funny review:""10/10, best mortar teamkilling simulator."""
76561198004774616,Recommended,242860,14786753,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Dr. Skelital's Blessed Calcium,There's a stench in your trench so you must remove the French or you're stout and will instill doubt into the kraut.Mustard! Spread it on a baguette today!
76561198067168630,Recommended,242860,14804272,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ganja farmer,being gunned down and landing face down in the mud never felt so satisfying
,Recommended,242860,14070529,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Roadflare,It's good.
,Recommended,242860,15485508,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Gerardus Mercator,"All of the yes. I've played this since it was a browser game and it wasn't greenlit, and I've loved it to death since. And they ALWAYS keep adding to it. It's a game that just keeps on giving. If you were smart, you'd go buy this right now."
,Recommended,242860,15857031,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Hahnd,Verdun is an awesome WWI shooter with fun attack and defend game-play with great maps. If you can get it on sale its a steal.
,Recommended,242860,15605128,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ferdinand Foch,motor strike a position ran to the position and died accidently by it
,Recommended,242860,15661412,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,HISlawyer,"Get stuck into the Western Front, and desperately try not to get killed by the myriad of lethal encounters including, but not limited to; Snipers, Angry Germans, Angry Frenchmen, Chemical Warfare, Blunt Force Trauma, Barbwire, Machine Guns, and a lack of Modern Hygiene!A solid Squad-Based FPS set in the underrated, but no less dangerous trenches of the First World War. Complete with historical maps, units, and weapons, balanced and ready to help you try and survive the next run across No-Man's Land!There are some issues of performance, particularly when things get hectic, but very little in the way of glitches, and almost no game-breaking bugs to speak of, good for maintaining that history-boner you're got going. (Note: This game is a much better depiction of WWI then BF1, which gets a misguided boners for things like airplanes and tanks. All of which are for people who don't need wheel barrels to carry around their massive titanium balls.)"
76561198079421501,Recommended,242860,15601417,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ROSAPARKSMYCAR,"I Love this game!!! Being in a trench with morters and grenades blowing up all around you, having mud fly all over just feels so intense and realistic, having to charge out into no mans land while your friends are being sniped and machine gunned feels awesome. The game looks and sounds great. The Devs actually listen to their fans and release updates 2 times a week."
,Recommended,242860,15675497,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,icantaffordcloutgoggles,i played this game for five minutes and i saw people get blown to peices shot to bits torn to shreds i have P.T.S.D now.10/10 would vietnam flashback again
76561198088010073,Recommended,242860,15759820,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,[22nd V.A.] Pvt. Jennelle C.S.A.,Ok... #1 Before I found this game I looked I Prayed and Prayed and Prayed to find a FPS World War 1 game cause all the crap I saw out there was strategy games and looks like my prayers were answered. #2 This is one of the most realistic games I have ever seen I think its an extremely fun game and the maps are well laid out and the interesting thing is they studied the actual battlefields to make it more realistic and it worked I think its extremely realistic. #3 I think the weapons are so much fun to use and the  mortar fire and the gas I love it all and I think its even more fun cause its so easy to kill people I just think everything about this game is amazing especially the music. #4 I also wanna thank the makers of the game I thank all there hard work and all the time put into the game through the Beta and I think there hard work really paid of thank you creators you did an amazing job if I was there boss I would give them a raise.
,Recommended,242860,19364757,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,♣ Oof.Jpg,"Great WW1 game, which is difficult to say these days as there are very few WW1 games.Pros:-Great graphics even on the lowest settings-Optimized well on CERTAIN maps-Nice gunplay-Realistic Combat and MovementCons:-Buggy MG system-horrible optimization on some mapsOverall: 9/10"
,Recommended,242860,18145463,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,xMs.Eazyyy,hamburger
76561198021258967,Recommended,242860,12977530,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,pietime,"For king and country/10, would blow up some blasted boche ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s again."
76561198086712041,Recommended,242860,19359149,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,fafo,"one of my best games on steam,but only one thingOPTIMIZE IT"
,Recommended,242860,18576659,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,JMcDerm1233,Great game just a few things that should be fixed:-Smoother controls-Fix prone-increase hitboxes (A lot of problems with 1v1 and confrontations... also sniping people who are running)-Snipers should have sidearms. its impossible to protect a trench with a sniper rifle.
76561198058984752,Recommended,242860,20904645,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Raven,"It's a really fun, hardcore fps that rewards smart tactics and team work. Don't expect to run around like in CoD as a one-man-army, you're not. You die in one hit (mostly). It's squad based and if you actually play the roles with your squad, you'll get places. Pretty much, it's a realistic WWI fps that's a lot of fun to play!"
,Recommended,242860,19021806,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,the,gud releastic game. get it is u like realistic gams. dont get it if u thinks its lik blak ops
76561198156839173,Recommended,242860,18449229,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Страшно Слав,Great game.
76561198133242031,Recommended,242860,21898350,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Tobitobiwithani,"After about a solid 100 hours in the game and im still rather a new comer to the title I feel like I can write a solid review about verdun. If your looking for a flashback of simpler times where your skill, accuracy, and timing were rewarded this may be the game for you. Growing up I would spend countless hours on cod, cod2 and all the medal of honors. Although this game is set in ww1 the core mechanics of playing verdun seem very familiar and almost nostalgic to me. The weapons are simple, upgrades make sense, squad work is essential, and everyone has their role. Objectives are very simple and are a constant tug and pull style frontlines that are pretty realistic for the time period. Maps are well designed and balanced for the most part and utilization of cover and map placement is the key to sucess in the frontlines. Graphics are impressive and youll only have a few glitchy textures at far distance but that varies from rig to rig. Sounds are pretty good aside from a few stale sounding explosions (artillery and grenades will kill you alot) but im sure theyll add more. The Historical accuracy of this game was a thing the developers took seriously and it shows, Im a huge history buff and I haven't really noticed anything a miss. The thing that is this games selling point is literally its price at only 22.99USD you can't go wrong with this game and its still in beta with a steady supply of new content. The only real downside is the games small player base or community. Late at night you'll often find it difficult to find full matches even when changing servers EU, JP, ASIA, AUS.  But im sure the games community will only grow from here."
,Recommended,242860,23290832,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Polkovnik Berezin ☭,"The historical accuracy in this game is simply wonderful, a dedicated team of developers have obviously devoted a large amount of time to Verdun and still are devoting it! The Eastern Front has been promised as a future expansion and even the game as it is now is simply great. Charging over the top of your own trench into a hail of machine- gun fire, a downpour of artillery shelling and (of course) barbed wire certainly is very captivating. This feeling is enforced by the wonderful grafics and sound effects. Now, there are still some bugs in the game, but these are rare and small things mainly. I can definately and confidently give Verdun 10/10 and it is probably the best game I have ever played."
76561198025290081,Recommended,242860,23244488,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Vludmir,"Very fun World War 1 game. Can sometimes feel a bit thin on content, but it is an early access game so is to be expected. I suspect this will easily be the best WW1 game on the market until Battlefield One."
,Recommended,242860,23240611,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,sherlockholmes9090,the best ww1 game you will find sad to see this war never taken seriously by game devolpers but this is like a breathe of fresh air the game is very fun and very much a must have for any ww1 person by all means the games not a perfect but the community is awesome and the devolpers care about the feedbacks of the fans i give it a 10 it stand out for sure
,Recommended,242860,23295999,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Helsinkk,When I first bought this game I had problems with framedrops and although I liked the game this problem annoyed me so much that I stopped playing.Now after some time I thought I'd give it a try again and it seems like some update has fixed this issue. The game itself is really enjoyable because it does a good job of recreating the ambiance of the time period. On top of that I think it is the best of the very few fps that are based in WW1. It's definitely not recommendable for CoD kiddos who dislike camping cause this game is kinda about camping. The challenge is in working out the defending/camping team.
76561198116193803,Recommended,242860,21199247,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mannix18,Great game
76561198078346314,Recommended,242860,22786117,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ZiggleztheIguana,I think this game is very well thought out. The developers clearly took their time. They didn't charge $60.00 for their game. Also can't wait to for the update with cavalry and stuff...... Keep up the good work guys. I love the really realistic way people get shot by the way. It's awesome. I love it. GORE to the MAX!!!!
,Recommended,242860,24124870,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Huitlar,"Love everything about it.   But the textures for a FEW things could use a little work however it isn't enough to majorly ruin ur experience as it is a really fun game11/10 gameplay9.5/10 texturesIv'e only came in contact, after playing this game, with really only 3 problems:~trailing hit-boxes (get shot after going prone)~glitchy aiming (I hold to aim and the gun cant decide to aim or not to aim; instead spazes out)~getting stuck inside of wall (cant move and legit getting stuck inside of a wall)But those all can be fixed im sure. Nothing to NOT buy the game over. Afterall these dont happen often. LOVE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,242860,20516175,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sergeant Syphilis,"Witnessed and participated in a civilized conversation about American politics undertaken between German and British soldiers while they were trying to brutally kill each other.Then I witnessed many, many uncivilized conversations about it."
,Recommended,242860,11484393,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Moose,"I was in a match, and then Apple Updater minimized my game and caused it to crash. I decided to uninstall all Apple products at that point.10/10 very useful software for removing clutter on your PC.Also really fun to shoot French people."
76561198119603056,Recommended,242860,20660566,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Atomic_Beverage,"Welcome to verdun, where you won't go a match without hearing a more than offensive comment about the jewish or french. Welcome to verdun where you will have your whole squad killed by a sneaky knife-wielding frenchman faster than you can say ""what the heck that guy killed me with a shovel"". Welcometo verdun where your entire team will be killed by a single mortar.Original game: friendly neighborhood FPS. Post-Horrors of war update: PTSD inducing."
,Recommended,242860,30988910,Posted: 6 April,all,Gandalfo_BR,"This game was prbably one of my most worth purchases on Steam, and I have enjoyed all the 26h I have in this game. Well, most of it. After some recent updates it's been hard to play the game, since i's acquired some kind of problem to recognize my clicks (luckily it doesn't happen when shooting). Lags are becoming a respectable problem in this game also (and not only because of ping), and the amount of people playing it is dropping. Those things I mentioned really make me sad, becasue THIS GAME IS f**KING AWESOME!!!!!Verdun manages to recreate the Trench War style without making it boring, and in a way it's hard to get mad when you die (and you WILL die, and A LOT of times). And trust me, I rage a lot in games.Even though I haven't played much the alternative game modes, they can be really fun (or could, if there were more people playing the game)I'd rate this game an 85 out of 100, because it perfectly brings the player what is promises, and for all I've said above, but the lack of players and those minor problems in the menu and sometimes in the game really bother me.For the developers: Please fix this problem I am having in the menu, it really bothers me to have to click several times in a button for it to work"
76561198018717458,Recommended,242860,15592504,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,I MAY BE RAD,well Verdun is about to do its full release and make it's way out of Early Access hell and in to full-game-hood. well is it worth the $22 bucks well yes if you like strategic fps action then go ahead if you want fast paced you may want to pursue a different FPS venues because even the rifle battle is slow and thought out.but it is something to to definitely check out.Pro tip: spread out
76561198009160503,Recommended,242860,15629573,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Discount Saddam,"If you want a good WW1 FPS and know what you're getting into when it comes to trench warfare then you might want to pick this up. Even after going out of Beta the devs have a new road map of things to come. New sqauds, maps, game modes. Even possibly new fronts."
76561198091984474,Recommended,242860,15659270,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,coolkid 400,Its awesome it just like being there 10/10
,Recommended,242860,15523211,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,douglas_abp,Even in early access game this is realy good and always updates
,Recommended,242860,15483178,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,preussenfag,This game makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥harder than flanders with the enemy having mg 08/15s
76561198039359285,Recommended,242860,8335876,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Master Chef,"Greaat game, feels arcadish could use better things 7.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,14463955,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Liam,"The sounds now sound awesome! Grahpics update makes it run smoother and look better.It's a beautiful game. With killing. Really good game. I'd recommened it to anyone. Worth all the money.And Thanks Matt for making my day with that racist statement about the french :D <3""Wibble"""
,Recommended,242860,14206321,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,DarthAntiMatter,"The World War One game I've always been looking for. I was never sure how you could even make a WWI fun due to the static nature of the war, but the attack/counter-attack gameplay is incredibly fun. It really encapsulates the type of fighting on the Western Front with reliance on Non-Commisioned Officers and charging together in waves.It is brutal, you do get killed from nowhere quite often, but I would expect no less from a WWI game. The rifles are one shot kills, but if you miss you're screwed in close quarters. The machine gun is glorious... when you're set up well, but you're always exposed.The pistols are two shots, which can be the difference between life or death, but the sheer amount of second chances they have (6 bullets or more without reloading is a lot when everything is bolt-action) can make up for it. Artillery is scary, and gas can change the dynamics of fighting entirely. The only thing better than stabbing a guy with a bayonet or beating him with a trench club/entrenching tool is succesfully blowing up a group of enemies with a well placed grenade.The game is beautiful as well, the uniforms look accurate and are surprisingly distinct, for the most part. The trenches (as well as the unifroms) are apparently modeled after the real locations. There is a surprisingly large variety of weapons. Having actually held and fired the Lee-Enfield I can attest to its accuracy. There is also the Germans (of course), the French (who actually suffered the majority of Entente casualties during the war), the British and even the Canadians.There is no friendly-fire, which I enjoy because switching sides means getting used to firing at a different set on uniforms, and not firing at the ones you were shooting before. You carry an unusually large amount of ammo, you will never run out, which I find odd, especially for how often you die. I suppose without some way to pick up ammo it is neccesary for now.It is buggy (as to be expected with an early access game), with ragdolls mutating and gunshots occasionaly rendering as a mere pop, for example, but it was well worth the price just to experience the game, its atmosphere and setting in one of my favourite historical eras.I recommend it all my friends if onle to rectify the crime of their not being even more people playing (though I've never been at a loss for people playing, and empty games can fill up to full in the course of one or two rounds)."
76561198039215824,Recommended,242860,13109774,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Le Jarvis,"Better than cocaine at points, butt can be ♥♥♥♥♥ier than a Nazi with a fetish for genocides at others."
,Recommended,242860,11471702,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Doc Corb [RCL],"[UPDATED REVIEW]So I saw they were doing a WW1 remembrance thing, and since I got a somewhat better computer I figured 'why the hell not, i've had this installed and not updating for ages, let's give it a go!'What I got, was an admittedly laggy, fresh cover huggin' fps, with interesting progression mechanics and gunplay.. I really actually reccomend it now!"
,Recommended,242860,13071504,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,i am moofin,the allies win every gameggversailles/10
,Recommended,242860,29578386,Posted: 29 January,all,Larry,"Where can I start, Verdun is a pretty nice game all in all. However, There are just some massive failures when it comes to real life physics. You would just ♥♥♥♥ing shoot someone right in the ♥♥♥♥ing face at point black range but still miss (and no, I'm not attempting no-scopes.) Barbed-wire also pisses me off, but it's realisticly great so it's fine. Grenades are also a big ♥♥♥♥ing issue (and no not those large♥♥♥♥♥♥♥looking ones.) If a grenade is thrown near you that's not even cooked yet for a long time, and you ♥♥♥♥ing run to your farthest, the blast still reachest you. So yeah....... there are just some concerns that just breaks the immersion, and I really hope the devs fix this cuz this game's amazingly realistc and enjoyable."
76561198018132631,Recommended,242860,16621381,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DukeofCarniola,">Be me, John, 17 years of age, born to a poor farmer in hampshire>Hear about the great war>Decide to join>Have to lie about my age to get in>Jollygood.motionpicture>Transported directly to the front of Verdun, become friends with a french lad from Champange>Next day we charge the trenches at 8.00 AM>Bit before the assault the liutenant shouts ""Alright bayonets on chaps!"">I can feel the sh!te in my trousers>At the sound of the whistle I climb the ladder as fast as a sheep runs from a scotsman>Just as I catch a glimpse upon the barren no mans land and shout on top of all my lungs ""FOR KING AND COUNTRY!!!""    I get shot in the head by ApfelStruddle456 across the map with a luger.10/10 most accurate depiction of WW1"
76561198081185466,Recommended,242860,8979156,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,NovaGamer,This game is in Early Acess but i t has great features like great Graphics and Physics so I think you should but this game!
76561198055325855,Recommended,242860,8763436,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Res A,"i downloded this game when it first appeared on the internet for free. even though it was free it still was a fantastic game. i then voted for it on greenlight and what do u know it appears on steam, i bought the game for $4.25 on the steam sales. it was even better even though its still was just a beta. i highly recommend this game to people who have wanted a world war 1 first person shooter."
76561198029038514,Recommended,242860,7506955,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Dimitryi Carlio'n,bUY FOR A UNIQUE FIRST PERSON SHOOTER WW1
76561198118776697,Recommended,242860,8380148,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,III_iTz_XxGhOsTxX_III,this game at the moment is great it does have its problems with servers but for an early access game its really good the WWI setting is very well done you get a the right rifles for each side (germany and france) theres no overkill weapons . all in all its a great game worth getting.
76561198014300679,Recommended,242860,22478664,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,denoinnac,like it
,Recommended,242860,27365257,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,awoo,Battlefield has nothing on this.
,Recommended,242860,23259985,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Erca,Barbed wire simulator 2015
,Recommended,242860,16448976,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CARL,"i like, good game, good death, good gore. overall 11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,242860,15764612,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,tryler12,"Verdun is one of the few World War I games out there. It provides excellent first person shooter combat, combining realism and action. There are many different classes and squad types to choose from on both sides of the war (Central Powers and Triple Entente). Note that this is an indie game and will have a few connectivity or graphical issues, but nothing that significantly hinders the game.Overall, this is a very impressive game that is well worth its price tag to anyone remotely interested in historical combat."
,Recommended,242860,15892596,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,s0kar,"Trenchs, Bolts, and Mortars?Thank you sir may I please have another.Buy this game if you've ever enjoyed playing bolts only."
,Recommended,242860,22013816,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Glork - Necro,"This game was more than I expected, trench warfare didn't seem like a fun idea in an fps. Luckily I was extremely wrong, mostly because of the amazing level design. The world seems more real than any war-themed game I've ever played, it's so extremely hostile. Stick your head up, BAM, you're dead!Game mechanics are pretty solid, no big complaints. At times it feels a bit clunky, but it very rarely takes you away from the experience. It even looks better than expected!My only complaint would be the slight lack of content, but as a new free expansion hit us just today, that's obviously taken care of. I can't wait to get back out on the battlefield."
,Recommended,242860,22014282,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,[1984] greensleves,"Very realistic game.Alot of shooting, screeming, attacking and of courced i e i n g.But playing the objective and capturing the enemies trenches is so much fun.Until the last remaining Frenchman comes along and hits you with a shovel :DJk, thats actually the fun part about it."
,Recommended,242860,22014932,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,postewar,Dont need a massive review but i will tell you what is has.>Good gameplay>Replayability>Amazing devs>Good community>Consistant updates>Good servers>Squad systems>Heaps of factions>Historic realismThis game is propbably the best game to come out of early access.
,Recommended,242860,22020278,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Яödina,"Its so good. The gameplay is great, the feeling and thge ambiente, the weapons feel the right way. Maybe the graphics are not as good as in other games, but thats not bad. Free new expansion adds very much and cool stuff. Chapeu Dev team."
76561198054865092,Recommended,242860,22036532,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,THRILLHO,The only game where you can go 1-20 and still feel like you've accomplished something.
76561198119689978,Recommended,242860,22046780,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Abradolph Lincler,"Great game if you are into realistic FPS's. It's great and balanced game play I truly recommend this for anyone who plays first per shooters because it is worth the money, the game updates on a decent basis and developers are quick to fix any large bugs. (Minor ones too)"
,Recommended,242860,22046970,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Treehouse,"This game is great, give it an hour."
76561198036059862,Recommended,242860,22047232,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Pardal McFleury,"World War 1 is very under-represented in the FPS genre IMO. This game is a remedy to that; plus, it's interesting, fun, challenging, entertaining and very good-looking. Loads of fun and worth the price."
76561198022037047,Recommended,242860,22048341,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Sjonkeesen,A solid/simple FPS shooter with an awesome theme! Playing it since the alpha and it only gets better!
76561198151714904,Recommended,242860,18477602,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Gavin The Fifer,"This Game Is Amazing, And Its Cosntantly Changing For The Better, Its Really Good. Not Good. Awsome. Amazing."
76561198095652659,Recommended,242860,32151748,Posted: 3 June,all,(63e) ThatSmartDude,"This game, in my opinion, is the best First World War first-person shooter you can find. A lot of players have flooded to big triple A games like Battlefield One(I was one of those people)and I cant tell you how dissapointed I was, so I returned to Verdun. The creators of this game have done lot since release, making their game avable for Xbox and PS4 but if you were to try to find a game...I wish you luck. Dispite the neglect, the amount of detail that was put into this game is awesome. True WW1 combat with actual trench warfare, realistic weapons and pretty good graphics. Yeah, this game has some bugs but cut the creators some slack. None are gamebreaking. So, please conisider purchasing this game. If your a history buff and a gamer you won't regret it. Oh and there is only multiplayer. A good one."
76561198035902257,Recommended,242860,14000479,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Pfc. Kris [325th GIR] [RG],"This game is still in develement but it is great. With the new engine the graphics are so good, and make the game feel like your in a trench in WW1. This is a game that is easy to learn and hard to master. There are some overpowed guns like the German SMG but only becouse it has no counter, while the MGs are great to hold the line. I love how the developers are always adding new stuff that is hisotrical realistic. 9/10"
76561197999755899,Recommended,242860,15472377,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[oH3]BangingNSangin16,"The game has honestly come a long way since I've bought it in November. The team creating the game is very small as is the community which is slowly growing. I'm mostly able to always find people to play with especially on the weekend. If you like Red Orchestra-esque type games I'd give this game a shot. I was skeptical at first, but it's honestly one of my more favorite shooters to play on my PC."
76561198269995696,Recommended,242860,26010203,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Bodbeck,A great realistic WW1 game
,Recommended,242860,22091200,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,McBralee,You're going to die a lot for the vast majority of time when you start.But you'll learn.You'll grow.You'll kill.This game just takes patience but is one of the most rewarding experience when you finally understand how to play the game with your friends.
76561198235697698,Recommended,242860,31261439,Posted: 20 April,all,Jøsef of the West,Extremely realistic and very fun!
,Recommended,242860,22078339,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,DirtyGamerTX,"Amazing game. This game was a labor of love for over 8 years for a couple of guys, now they have added some more staff to their team and really made the game shine. Graphics are awesome, animations are really good, combat is very balanced. Great historical accuracy like red orchestra. I remember when people used to say a ww1 game could never work due to trench warfare, these guys proved them very wrong. This game deserves a lot more exposure. If you like realistic shooters, buy it and don't look back."
76561197993265682,Recommended,242860,26928199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BigBurkeyBoy,Amazing game. Highly realistic with lots of content to keep you occupied for years to come. Very much recomend!
,Recommended,242860,22924465,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,GamesFun,"I Yelled ""Chargggggggggeeeeeeeee!"" five seconds later I'm dead.11/10 Would Charge Again"
76561198238040022,Recommended,242860,31757426,Posted: 14 May,all,CanadianSyrup,-Turned on Game-Picked Polius-saw a horde of about 10 guys standing still-unloaded maching gun on them-missed every shot-they shoot back-they miss every shot-cheer and shout in happiness-get stabbed from behind-ragequits-10/10 best game ever
76561198372125235,Recommended,242860,31797898,Posted: 16 May,all,Lint555,very fun
,Recommended,242860,19339793,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Cuttsy,Got more kills with a revolver than I have with a rifle10/10
,Recommended,242860,9955805,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Pardaillan,Nice game
76561198006838004,Recommended,242860,16814976,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,WatRED51,"Two thumbs way up.  Love this game, and thanks to my teenage son my stats dont look too bad.  Best FPS MP game I have played in a long time.  Great setting, graphics and gameplay.  Looking forward to expansions.  One frustrating thing is the snipers who pick you off as soon as you step out of the trench, but charging the trench does get the adrenaline going.  Rifle Free For All not the best of the game modes...join a squad and jump in.  Love that the Cdn's are represented here.  Worth the price."
,Recommended,242860,16406237,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,pokingdevice,"The average lifespan of a soldier on the front line in WW1 was six weeks. In Verdun, you get to experience the chaos, carnage, and forlorn assaults that led to such a short life expectancy. The care taken by the developers to create an authentic game is apparent even in the minute details. The uniforms, languages, battlefields, and weapons all have a gritty realism that shapes your experience. Even after the novelty is gone, the immersion remains. War is hell.PS: FIX THE SIGHTS ON THE LEWIS GUN! LET US FLIP THEM DOWN!--Carter"
,Recommended,242860,19851059,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Flibbitt,"It's a really fun, quite casual game and it's quite out of the ordinary, I don't know any other World War One game. And if you first look at it, it seems kinda boring, like ""Uhh, trench warfare, it's just a stalemate"". But it's accualy very enjoyable and it's addictive. And there is a huge difference from map to map, some are close quarter and small, while some are really large.I recomend this game because it's fun, special, and you can play so many diffrent play styles."
,Recommended,242860,29800250,Posted: 9 February,all,Blumenerde mit Guano,My history teachers bangs dis game  wekomendet
76561198020435924,Recommended,242860,32118568,Posted: 1 June,all,Blue Cheese,"Based on the hyped reviews it seems that people are trying to depict this game as a epic story writing experience.Personally, I don't feel like I'm experiencing a WWI drama by playing this.For those who are considering of purchasing this game, the game is roughly like this.It's a capture-the-point game where you replace the ""points"" with ""trenches"".Like football/rugby, you push a few yards at a time and lose a few yards at a time, from trench to trench.Each side takes turn in attacking or defending a trench, the bout repeats as one side routes the enemy to their next trench. It's a constant, repetative, fights of crossing the No man's land and taking/defending trenches.It can get utterly chaotic at times. Not as in crazy gun fires or explosions, most guns are bolts action and pistols have edge over bigger firearms because they are semiautomatic. Your main weapon could be a pistol and have two grenades in the pocket. It's very different from typical arcade style FPS. Anyhow, it gets chaotic because you can lose sense of what is going on, where the enemy is, where the shots are coming from, but you are getting shot off the ground like a little game animal.Movement can feel sluggish: can't initiate a run diagonally, reload takes time and is a big risky commitment, aim doesn't move as quckly. But even with these frustrations and struggles, kills still happen.You have to be on your guard every moment, because you have zero clue most of the time where the enemy could be hiding, pointing his gun at you. It's hard to see people in uniforms hiding in the dirt, under a shadow. Plus you have no clue how close the enemy line is, you could be running when you should be crawling. But sometimes you crawl when you should run and get shot while flat to the ground.Simply put: difficult, sluggys, struggle of fight over a few yards of real estate. But it is immersive, addictive, and intense game. It's not like watching or playing through a movie like some people try to make it sound like. There is no time to understand the moment. As soon as you figure out where you are, where your enemy might be, you better be moving.I highly recommend to people who want to play FPS with some serious and unforgiving feel to it.You don't have to be a history buff, the game play alone is great."
76561198274029518,Recommended,242860,25597016,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,jessco122,"Verdun: Verdun is the *first* WW1 FPS, coming out before BF1(Battlefield 1) And let me tell you, although BF1 has vehicles, like tanks, war trains, horses, all the action in Verdun makes up for it. You could be advancing onto a Central Powers trench, and be gassed, or bombarded by artillery, there could be a machine gunner hiding out in a bunker waiting for you, this game and it's players are truly unpredictable, just as a real war would be. Now, although the minimum says 'GTX 960', I play fine on a GTX 760 with graphics all on high, so this game can be affordable and easy to play, especially on low graphics if you have a toaster for a PC. Verdun's weapons range from the French Fusil Automatique to the German 'Wex' Flammenwerfer(Flamethrower), The regiments vary from all the participating countries, (Besides Austria-Hungary, Russia, and Italy. I also don't personally think they'll add them either.) Overall, this game is a must have if you admire WW1 and it's brave soldiers."
,Recommended,242860,10750060,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Owsi,"I have been playing since early access and the improvement I've seen in this game in phenomenal. I remember the days before gas and seeing how it being added has changed the mechanics (for the better).I feel as if this game has now developed a unique identity which  really sets it apart from other first person shooters.I really like how easy it is to die in this game, it makes you think very hard about approaching the trenches in a tactical way instead of running in a straight line as you would do in other shooters.Cover and teamwork are KEY in this game. Games need good team work otherwise it can turn into a very frustrating experience with players caring more about their kill/death ratio rather than the objective. Corporals staying in your trench when they can be used as a mobile spawn point etc.But when the players all work together it is a beautiful experience and games just fly by.Negatives I can think of;* It can look prettier (it has come a long way though)* I don't feel as if there is that much difference between guns. Unless I read which gun I'm using I'm not going to know which one it is.* I don't like the chat, it is hard to see and would rather have the placement somewhere else.*Class upgrades need to be better varied with the weapons and skills, I personally would like to see an RPG-lite like system being used but that's just me.I hope you get the game!"
,Recommended,242860,32072198,Posted: 30 May,all,Matthew Canada Williams,"Great game,lots of attention to detail,you ACTUALLY INCLUDED CANADIANS AS THIS WAS OUR COMING OF AGE AS A COUNTRY, guns are amazingly accurate to the period, but the graphics are so damn good,that if you want it to work on your computer and reduce settings, you realize it was too much to give up.TL;DR:Be Canada using cool weapons on high graphics on a good computer before aaccidents start happening around you."
76561198039442488,Recommended,242860,32084172,Posted: 31 May,all,Caboose,"man, i havent given this a review yet?played this for a bit, it was ok getting use to, but once i understood this type of setup of how things work, its brilliant!as simulated it can get to trench warfare there is at the moment for a WW1/The Great War game."
,Recommended,242860,22174077,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Derty.d,Excellent WW1 game with an intense atmosphere and friendly community. New expansion adds alot to the game!
,Recommended,242860,31052499,Posted: 9 April,all,POPE8880052200,"If Battlefield 1 was done right, this game does NOT get the love it deserves. 9/10 ezpz"
,Recommended,242860,22980634,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Nick,great game for people that love history and first person shooters
76561198220345063,Recommended,242860,22442416,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,TeeJay,Very fun and realistic!! Also very strategic but can be like call of duty in other game modes.
76561198041962883,Recommended,242860,23661772,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Stega Iota,"Crawled through 400 feet of♥♥♥♥♥♥ mud, and blood just to play this game"
,Recommended,242860,28539125,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,NxT KryPnoTic csgolive.com,"Good game, Truly enjoyed the first match i played, long hard battles, but all very enjoyable."
76561197966197455,Recommended,242860,28957774,Posted: 2 January,all,Razorback,"Very happy with this game, you can tell a lot of time and effort went into making it. It's not a chaotic conquest game full of lone heroes, you are given an incentive to remain with your squad leader as you gain benefits by doing so. The maps are brilliant and well drawn, and have a very authentic feel to them. I want to see this game develop further, some more realistic weather effects would really benefit this game (heavy rain, mist, fog). I have a lot more hours invested in this than Battlefield 1, purely because it's a more realistic game with a greater sense of achievement when winning a round. Please keep developing !!!!!"
76561198164206784,Recommended,242860,28916924,Posted: 1 January,all,Franz Conrad von Hotzendorf,It is the best game for trench warfare and is by far the best WW1 game.
76561198192883790,Recommended,242860,28165660,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,stramboiii,"Leveling yourself to 100 is meh easy. Leveling a squad with your friends is where its at. You get squad perks, you run longer; reload faster, upgraded squad artillery can be gamne changing. This isn't CoD; working as a squad makes a difference. You know you have achieved your internet points when an opposing squad changes their Squad name to Stramboiii is a trash Ni*)(% . Get your internet points here and make people rage on you when you kill them over and over and over and over :)"
,Recommended,242860,28126687,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,M1kless,"This game is incredible! It's pretty realistic, a lot fun and it's really intense, especialy the attack phase when raiding trenches in close quarters combat aswell as the defense phase where you have to entrench yourself and your fellow squadmates and hold off the horde of enemy troops charging across No Man's Land. I definitly recommend this game, it's a lot of fun by yourself and or with friends! It's also one of the only WW1 games on the market and I prefer Verdun over Battlefield 1 or many other AAA games. The game is also frequently updated with a healthy playerbase, I couldn't recommend it more!10/10 material."
76561198285064197,Recommended,242860,28197523,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ObiWanaTokie,OMFG Im dying over and over trying to get that♥♥♥♥♥♥sucker out of the left side of th-- ENEMY ATTACK REPULSED! CHARGE!OOOOOOOOOO yay! OVER THE TOP LADS!10/10 would meat grind again
76561198111391956,Recommended,242860,28248705,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Megumin,"This game is pretty fun, but if your looking for something like BF1, this isn't it. This game takes some time to learn, but thankfully the comunity isn't toxic. BTW for new players, press 4 for your gas mask. Anyways, this game takes a more realistic sort of style of how the war was fought. As in trenches and charging into no mans land. You can choose to be apart of diffent nations that where in the war, such as the Canadians and so forth, and each nation has there own weapon choices, though some may have similar or same weapons. And with choseing a nation you creat a squad, each soldier with there own role. The NCO issues orders and artillary strikes, Heavy Weapons use MG, Ect. And with this you will work as a squad to captuer points or defend the trenches. A few gripes I have about the game are small. There are glitches like falling though the map, people not dieing but cannot kill people (Pretty nice that a guy can't abues it). There are a few hackers, but they are quickly dealt with by the community. And also the commuity is small, you will reconize some players after a while.I do wish more people would play this, that is if they want a WW1 game that is a little bit more based in reality, and provieds a challange. The learning curve is steap, but short. And if they don't mind working together as a team.I would rate this game a 7/10"
76561198163796542,Recommended,242860,28048711,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ellru,I've seen men came out of a trench assault alive when they were the first that went in.I've seen men came out from a retreat back to our trenches when they were deep in no mans land.I've seen men came out unschated when a grenade landed 2 feet next to them.I've seen men came out of an artillery barrage in one piece.I've seen men came out of a gas attack without a gas mask.But when men came to get stuck on a barbed wire?They never came out alive.
,Recommended,242860,27373633,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,╲⎝⧹Parade⧸⎠╱,Its actuallly like WW1.
76561198106970640,Recommended,242860,21354233,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Horny Gypsy,10/10...Great game that gives unique game play that actually involves strategy and teamwork.
76561198045365757,Recommended,242860,28499062,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,C4_Maniac92,If you love accurate and realistic fps games about the Great War you will absolutely love this game!!!10/10 BEST WW1 GAME OUT THERE
76561198050493469,Recommended,242860,28650587,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Yric,"A very enjoyable, realistic WW1 FPS that I had purchased and played very early into development, and I can say that it has progressed and evolved very well. The game is completely polished and all bugs and problems have been ironed out and fixed. If you are a fan of realistic shooters, WW1 games or even are just curious about what this game has to offer, please trust my word that is a very enjoyable WW1 FPS.The only real problem these days is finding people to play with sometimes which is not the developers fault, so try and get some mates to buy and play the game with you for maximum enjoyment. 8.9/10"
76561197991334716,Recommended,242860,28843209,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,RocDisPlace,"This game is absolute bonkers, in a very realistic and positive way that is.1. Get blown to pieces and not knowing where it came from, very realistic.2. Win a round of Trench Warfare not knowing how you've won, very realistic.3. Not knowing which folks are your teammates or your enemies, very realistic.4. They gave me a gasmask without telling me how to use it, yet again, very realistic.5. Wondering why it is a great idea to just run towards the enemy to get killed everytime, lifelike.Get this game if you want to get the full WW1 experience."
76561197995934584,Recommended,242860,28724677,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ninjahaiku,Very good authentic World War One Shooter
76561198116908863,Recommended,242860,29694022,Posted: 4 February,all,ryan_917K,"by far and away the best tactical shooter I have ever played (up till now). The atmosphere is brutal, the position types are really good and balanced. I hope for more dlc and more games from this dev! keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,242860,26640961,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Aaron.Nguyen,"Wow, where are all the automatics that BF1 shown?-rep"
,Recommended,242860,29640073,Posted: 1 February,all,[xG] Hii Power,A bit challenging but overall it's a good game. Wait until a sale to buy it tho :P
,Recommended,242860,11011112,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zionkai,"I'm only 4.5 hours in and I'm really starting to see the originality come out of this game. It truly is a squad based fps and if you don't stay with them you will not survive. Each member of the 4 player squad has a role and only 1 person can play as that role, but you can offer to switch rolls. One thing that really stand out to me is that you feel everyone is fighitng on one giant map. Although you technically spend the entire round in one area, it's all connected. Instead of picking a server you look at a map and select an area which then shows all the battallions situated there as well as which team is currently holding that territory. While your holding down trenches, another batallion is pushing up the line to where you team can take place.It's very difficult at first if you're used to having several items/weapons/explosives on hand. The only items available in Verdun that I've seen so far are binoculars, grenades, or a slightly more effective melee weapon such as a blade on your rifle. These are all class specific items too. Not to mention 80% of shots are 1 shot kills, although certain weapons hold very limited ammo that won't reload until completely empty either, so it's actually balanced pretty well. It really makes you think about when to take the shot. Range is insane for the rifles. It's fairly difficult / takes some time to earn a scope, but it is most certainly possible to snipe enemies from over 100m away without one (actually just got that achievement). Overall, getting a kill in this game is extremely satisfying!The graphics aren't the greatest, but it's definitely not bad. Of course, there is much optimization to be done too. The sound is well done making close by shots really put a scare in you especially because one shot will probably kill you. Animation is prob worst part, but it's easily ignored by the awesome gameplay and VERY satisfying kills.Don't take my word for it, but considering the accuracty/range of rifles I would assume this kind of game would give an advatage to those who can handle higher graphics because it means seeing enemies further away. Regardless, I think this game is absolutely great and deserves more recognition and support. To be honest though, I wouldn't have bought this game if it wasn't on sale, but I can comfortably say it's worth the full price.***Major updates & Improvements since this was orginally posted. Verdun is now preparing for an offical launch on April 28th. They've come a long way and this game is still Rad!"
,Recommended,242860,16296969,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Cessoe,"A fun and intense WWI Multiplayer shooter. While there is no singleplayer option, the game does lend it self to being easy to simply hop into a game with minimal confusion other than to shoot at the bobbing helmets across the torn barbed wire scapes. One of the few cons is that getting a class you may want to play is somewhat difficult, as class hogging does happen, but don't let that deter you, the game is surely worth the pricepoint."
76561198148695852,Recommended,242860,16321213,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Optical Ilyushin,"Wonderful game. The creators did EXCELLENT job recreating the atmosphere, look and tactics of WW1. So good of a job you might even argue that it could turn away your average FPS player. This is a game that will infuriate and frustrate you at first. Artillery will seem OP, so will a good machine gunner. But buy the game, read the guides, jump in play and you will learn to counter these seemingly OP weapons and love the game."
76561198007452447,Recommended,242860,24302676,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,GeraltOfRivia,"Verdun is one of the more unique shooters I have ever played, everything about it feels authentic and the slower paced multiplayer action is refreshing in a time dominated by call of dutys and halos (not that those are bad games)It is a fresh experience that takes a little while to get used to but certainly worth a try if you are looking for a slower paced, tactical shooter"
76561198035727312,Recommended,242860,16464333,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,An4yrd,Is like all the hardcore games but in ww1 to make it more hardcore.
76561198105349963,Recommended,242860,19137690,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Axieness,Verdun is a very good community game that I would recommend to anyone and I have. The community is very friendly and is very welcoming of new comers. Though it has its bugs and glitches there is a lot of fun to be found if you persist though them.
76561198038468876,Recommended,242860,24043718,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,♠ Priest,"""We're gonna get you up man, we've got you""""I've got his arm""""Just put it on here""""THAT'S MY LEG""""Oh god""- A sample of Verdun.*One of the most underated games on steam"
76561197999850159,Recommended,242860,11456099,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Khan84,"Not a bad WW1 shooter - Rifles are pretty fun, not much spray and pray here. If you liked using rifles semi auto/bolt action from games like CoD2 and MoH than you will like this."
,Recommended,242860,16351468,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,El Chivo,I have only played this game for about 2 and a half hours and all I can say is wow! At first I thought it might be boring but once you are in and get the hang of it its really fun! I even got so good that I got most kills out of everyone in game! Although sometimes your lifes are short if you play it well you can live long enough to push into enemy territorty and take over their trench. One of the few games that I like taking objectives in because its so fun when the enemy can't find you in the trench and you keep getting kill after kill lol. In conclusion if you are even considering buying this game do it! I bought a four pack so my friends will play with me lol
76561198125238101,Recommended,242860,10845244,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,dontfearimwhite,for such a small game Verdun has suprisingly become one of my favorite fps games. Now I have only played the game for six ours(at the time of this review being written) but in this short amount of time Verdun keeps on impressing me. Their are two game modes one is free-for-all and the other is front line mode. In front line mode you either start out attacking or defending a trench. Every time your team is successful you get a point and get the opposite oblective of what you just had . As of now there are only four maps but those four maps have been enough for me. The game continues to deliver fun fast paced action every match. One time when defending a trench I found cover and started to shoot french soldiers charging the trench. One by one they continued to fall down until the trench was secured. Another time two of my teamates were pinned down so I went thru the trench we were attacking and when I got to the spot where the enemies were I Just started to line up the shot and took four guys out. The only negatives I could find about this game are that their can be lag there is a limited amount of weapons and their are no unlockable items (so far). Besides that I definitely recomend this game to anyone who likes fps games.
76561198052995616,Recommended,242860,23745713,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Philybo,10/10 Would be spawn killed by MG again
76561198161988018,Recommended,242860,25169839,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Hiype,"- Freind wanted to snipe- He said he would be really good- he also played COD- Walking around- Asking where is the other team- Player comes out, kills himWW1 in a nutshell"
,Recommended,242860,25182759,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LonerCookie,"Right where do I begin, you go over the top and BANG! Your dead again but, once in a while you shoot and kill someone then you're killed!!! Karma"
,Recommended,242860,16315385,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TAW-MARINE,"Excellent game. Team work, gritty WW1 atmosphere, future updates and a great staff of developers. One of the best games to come out in a very long time that captures the true team work effort. It's not about racking up kills but listen to orders and capturing strategic points on the map as a team. No lone wolf playing here unless you are playing rifle deathmatch which is very fun..."
76561198027328452,Recommended,242860,16319432,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,G R Æ N S E,Fantastic game! Loads of fun!You WILL die a lot though...
76561198113517053,Recommended,242860,19149121,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Valis,Don't stand up
76561198137361895,Recommended,242860,24043692,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ThatGuyYouKnow,"As the day dawns, you sneak a peek out of your (relatively) safe trench, to look at your hated enemy across no man's land. You feel the hate for your enemy surge as you remember all of your friends and comrades who have fallen in the battles of the past, senselessly butchered for trying to take the enemy trenches, only to fail miserably and be forced to retreat. You have grim satisfaction, knowing you have avenged them by slaughtering your enemies as they tried to overtake you, only to have the same shameful conclusion forced upon them by your hand. As the whistle blows, and you are forced to run the gauntlet once more, you scream at the top of your lungs, ""I fear no enemy, for my comrades are my strength! I fear not death, for you guys can't aim worth a crap!"" You evade mortars and artillery, and crawl across the no man's land, taking shots as you go to weed out defenders. You put on a gas mask to avoid suffocation at the hands of chlorine gas, which also doubles as cover for you to sneak up on the trenches. You make it to the enemy trenches, and begin the slow process of rooting them out by bayonett, bullet, and grenade. As more of your comrades enter the trench to aid you, you are stabbed by the hated enemy. As you slowly die in the trench, your NCO comes up to you and says, ""Our sacrifices were not in vain, for we have taken this trench!"" And to this you reply, ""But we must keep this trench before it will be truly ours."" And with this you die, not knowing that tomorrow the hated enemy will take back this trench, and the tens of thousands who died on both sides for this one trench were all in vain. You will die not knowing that across the Western front, the same conclusion is the order of the day, and decisive victories are few and far between for either side.This game is the so much like WWI it isn't funny. There are no horses or tanks, but the weaponry, nco commands, and seesaw action are all very accurate. 8 out of 10 games will be a draw, and you will die in 1-2 direct shots from nearly every weapon. My only complaint is that the autobalance is not very enforcing of actual game balance. It only bases fairness of a match based on the number of players on each side, and not on skill level of a player. It is also optional to balance the game; you take small resapwn and score hits, but they are not significant enough to be very impactful. Being unable to gain experiance at all would probably convince more players to balance the teams quickly."
76561198009311495,Recommended,242860,24051957,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Impyrium,"Both a gritty realization of The Great War, as well as being a very addictive and unique fast paced shooter that rewards both reflexes and sharp thinking."
76561198276386608,Recommended,242860,21019569,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mdburli,"Approved. Great game fi you like wwII games even tho its wwI, reminds me of call of duty 2"
76561197966656663,Recommended,242860,23902355,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BOOMgoesTheRick,Canadian army...nuff said
,Recommended,242860,13641520,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hurtman,"I haven't played this game for very long, but already I love it.Pros-Large sprawling maps.Brutal close quarters trench combat and tense charges across no man's land.Good squad system where coordination is important.Rewards for playing constantly with friends.Cons-Only 6 maps (they are giant though)Early ranks get pistols- not rifles.You can't remake your squad and keep leveling it across multiple sessions."
76561198132680142,Recommended,242860,13812427,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Astro,"Amazing game for being in BETA, I would recommend it to anybody who likes tactical shooters or is a history buff. The game is rather difficult but that makes it so much more rewarding when you finally take out the annoying enemy sniper or repel the enemy’s counterattack. Even though this game is an FPS it is based around teamwork and strategy which makes game play seems quite simple on the outside but can get very complex when you join a full server with a bunch of strangers."
,Recommended,242860,15309563,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Hideki Tojo,"Verdun is very unique in many aspects, especially the community.For some reason everyone is either a noob, crazy good, or the biggest♥♥♥♥♥hat of all time.I don't know which one I am...."
76561198126153639,Recommended,242860,17491830,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,alexx.lexx,great game!!! buy it with trust!!!
,Recommended,242860,16988605,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Surveyant,"I actually bought this game thinking it would be a neat single player game.  I didn't read the description fully.  My absolute first impression was ""♥♥♥♥"" it's another cheap multiplayer only game.  But after playing it I quickly grew to enjoy it.  The skill system doesn't overpower anyone seriously and it's very easy to rank up.  The fact that it's historically as accurate as possible makes it all the more fun to play.  I've bought copies for my friends, lol this is a great game."
,Recommended,242860,17376641,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Valert89,"What could I say about this game that you couldn't say about the original ""Great War"". This game is a struggle plain and simple. This game will test your will to move on even after you heap the bodies against your enemies trench.You go to attack pop down a nice screening on the enemy trench of gas. You move forward with your squad bullets whizzing over you head. The craters in no mans land were a stew of waste and bloodied corpses rotting in the heat of the day. You approach the crest of the hill heart pumping the shrill call of the NCO's whistle ushering his soldiers to glory. Glory for what the Kaiser? No the personal glory of ending anothers day on this earth.You don the gas mask before entering the trench quickly you cant be seen. Slowly crouching your way into the trench. An officer pops his head around the corner to see if his perimeter has been breached. Too late his curiosity is what got him killed. Even as you round the corner your enemy helplessly bleeding out beside you a bullet whizzes by your head from down the trench. You aim down the sites but are too late. Finding yourself looking up at the sky all you can think about is the faces of those you are leaving behind as the life drains from your corpse.This game is purgatory for the souls of the damned. Forced to walk this earth fighting over narrow strips of land in the hopes of forwarding a greater war effort. A man better than myself said that, ""It is well that war is too terrible, lest we grow too fond of it"". No better words describe this game.You are going to hate this game when you begin playing. You will think the game is a bit unfinished as you get shot by a sniper in the bottom of a hole. You will hate this game is you are locked in a struggle not to advance but to hold the line. My friends want to return this game they hated is so much. We perservered, we became a fighting unit that would be the pride of the Kaiser. We advanced time and time again through the gas and into the trenches, locked in a mortal struggle. They began to not hate this game but endure this game.This game is not COD, Battlefield or any other AAA game you've played. This is a portrait of struggle, a game that rewards few and punishes many. Would I reccommend this game, Hell Yes."
76561198144679286,Recommended,242860,15678034,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ksb17,its a great  game it has machine guns baynets diffrent weapons and sqauds
,Recommended,242860,15606752,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Blitzkrieg,I just spawned. i run in to the field and i got shot by a mortar. So i call a mortar and killed that guy who killed me. 10/10
76561198103364397,Recommended,242860,15464541,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,kpnitreal,"This is the definitive WW1 game. Incredible detail, incredible immersion, I feel like I am in the muddy trenches of WW1 when I play . I particularly enjoy the attack, counter-attack style of game play, as it keeps the pace consistently fast and aggressive. You will die in what seem like many futile attempts to cross no mans land, but it is in those glorious moments of making to the enemy trench and dispatching an entire squad that the deaths prior will become more than worth it.  I have been very satisfied and it has been amazing watching this game grow into what it is today. I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,242860,17435336,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,(TC) Snakefist,"I have Asperger's Syndrome, and as such, a very big interest in history and especially the first and scond world war.I personally feel, that there is a big, or rather enormus lack of games about The Great War, and this  game is a huge testimony that the First World War can be ag great place for a lot of game developors to explore.From thhe guns, to the sounds of the explosions and the environment, this game fells like you're rushing to your death in No Man's Land. And I like that feeling. The feeling that you can die every minute, the omnious feeling that if you don't fight, you'll die a horrendous death by the hands of your enemies.So, by all means, if you like the First World War and what I have to say about the game.Then try to look up some videos on Youtube or buuy it when it is on sale.Ps. sorry for my grammar mistakes, I was rather tired when I wrote this reccomendation.Have a good day. :D"
,Recommended,242860,15727325,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,InS@NiTy,"Pretty fun game. It has some cool moments and the maps feel well designed, the flow of the gameplay (attack and counter-attack etc) is good and I like the squad system. Battling through the trenches feels different to most other games (reminds me a bit of Lyes Krovy in Red Orchestra).I have to compare it to Red Orchestra because though they're different periods they're obviously very similar games. So it does feel a bit less polished than RO, the animations aren't as nice, the 'feel' isn't as nice and the ballistics don't feel as good/using weapons doesn't feel as good.The thing I really don't like is how there is no feeling of momentum like in RO, the movement is a bit arcadey because of this; you instantly stop/start moving and when you go prone you have to stop and slowly lower yourself - it just doesn't feel nice compared to RO, where you have momentum and can 'throw' yourself forward when running if you go prone.Honestly I think RO is just better - but that said it is a different game from that and it's worth playing in it's own right, it's also just come out so maybe they'll improve it over time. Probably get it in a sale if you're on the fence, but if RO is your kind of thing then you'll probably like this too."
,Recommended,242860,16651590,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zug um Zug,"All rifles are a 1 shot kill. It takes place in WW1. What weapons were used in WW1? Oh yeah, rifles. pistols too, but those take 2 shots  unless it is a headshot. Very intense, very fun, and very brutal. You and your squad finally make it to that mortar hole that is so close to the enemy trneches? That sucks, here's a grenade. Entire squad dead. Pure carnage. You and your team chilling out defending your base? Here is some mustard. Mustard gas, that is. Hope you remember to put your gas masks on."
76561198133007233,Recommended,242860,16448206,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,hahaw009,"This is a good sized based WWI game. It's really fun and realistic (total war). BUT there are a lot of stuff missing like the arsonal and help. It took me forever to find out how to get more weapons. Press F1 and go to squad or scoreboard to switch roles, switch weapons, and lock yourself in the squad tab or switch squads and/or teams on scoreboard tab. Other than that, I like the game and keep up the good work. I do recommend this only is you like.....dying all the time? Well, it's total war and shooting and explosions and gas and more explosions so.................................................I recommend this."
,Recommended,242860,16017111,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Leif_Erikson,"I've been waiting a long time for a well done WW1 game. If you are in to historical settings, this is a great game. Be prepared to be gun down a lot, but also be prepared to do a lot of the gunning down."
,Recommended,242860,24180226,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Notric,"First of all before I start giving my Review right. Game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. 9.5/10So here are the things that need to be fixed / updated.Alright. When you die in Verdun while Proun you might get a really weird animation that makes the character hold a air rifle for like 10-20 seconds and then the character drops dead. That needs to be fixed since it looks quite ugly and people might come to the idea that it is an actual enemy. Another thing I found was that when I reloaded the Lee Enfield and then wanted to shoot , the magazine disappeared and it overdid the reload animation. I think that just needs to be a little bit more smooth. And some optimization would be always good. Oh yes. Sometimes when you are pround and you're kinda limited with your movement , there is a really stupid situation where you can't even shoot the gun or even switch to your second weapon or whatever. I hope that my English wasn't so much cancer since I'm from Germany and ye. In Overall it's a great game for it's price."
,Recommended,242860,32231503,Posted: 6 June,all,Milkman,"""Sir!""""Who the hell are you?""""We just landed; we are part of the 7th army division sir!""""Well, get in the fight men!""""Status report sir?""""The usual, a little bit of gas, a little bit of artillery, explosive shells, tanks, MG fire, rifle fire, airplane fire, bombs.""""Just the way I like it!"""
,Recommended,242860,32231462,Posted: 6 June,all,Horny Hippo,Very good! Fun all around! Would play again anytime!10/10
76561198195607377,Recommended,242860,32231796,Posted: 6 June,all,JeepsterRich,Pretty Good
76561198144584012,Recommended,242860,32235656,Posted: 7 June,all,Gehadman,"Verdun is a realistic shooter set in the first world war. It's events play from 1914 to 1918.When getting into a game you can either jump in blindfolded and join a random squad or you can create a new squad choosing from units deployed on the West-front by the triple-Entente or the Central powers. Be aware that each unit has four different units, each squad has different units with different weapons. There are three tiers for every unit witch one can unlock by using stars. Stars are earned whilst playing. Every medal one earns in a game translates into one star. The new tiers get you different weapons. If you decide you don't want to get a new tier it doesn't automatically mean that you're at a disadvantage. Most weapons are one-hit kills anyway. The exceptions are weapons at longer ranges. Be aware that pistols are less powerful and less accurate than other weapons, although they are better for clearing trenches since they can shoot faster.In the beginning it can be very frustrating to get into the game since you continuously die by a random sniper across the map but if you are ready to get into the game or you are intrigued by the great war you might like this game.It doesn't cost that much but if you have the patience I would suggest to buy this game in a Steam-sale."
,Recommended,242860,32127488,Posted: 2 June,all,Mosquito Sauce,This is the most fu ww1 game i've ever played. It is more realistic than battlefield 1 but not as good graphics.It is still a really fun game
,Recommended,242860,30576787,Posted: 17 March,all,BRAAP♛,"I recommend it to any WW1/WW2 fan. Very fun FPS!Reasons to buy the game:-Different than other shooters-Good graphics and performence (I got bad PC too)-1-Shot-Kill mechanic-Balanced teams/classes-Many detailed maps, guns and squads-Controls are simple-TDM, FFA, or Squad Defence (waves of bots)-Interesting level-up system.-Fairly nice community.-Easy to join up on friends and players-Scary trench/WW1 vibes-Short loading screensReasons to avoid the game-Weapon unlock system can be confusing for some-No tutorial or singleplayer-Sometimes there are few players online (still playable though)-Netcode can sometimes get you killed-Killcam can be annoying (no idication of where the enemy was)-Gun sounds can be dull(I had a harder time listing the down-sides of the game. This shows how good it is)"
,Recommended,242860,18674721,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ridders ☭,exellent
,Recommended,242860,20017470,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PeterNewhouse,Q:What is better than dying to constant rifle fire?A:Dying to a chlorine-gas attack at spawn.Q:What is better than dying to a chlorine-gas?A:Getting spawned in front of machine gun fire because your commanding officer is hiding in a shell hole.Q:What is better than getting spawned to machine gun fire?A:Not ♥♥♥♥ing playing this game at all.Best game ever  10/10
76561198329614655,Recommended,242860,28958627,Posted: 2 January,all,cheezecake1234,it is so fun but their are som bugs that need to fix but otherwise my number 1 fps and ww1 game atm
,Recommended,242860,32144643,Posted: 2 June,all,Mr.Randompants,is good lmao
,Recommended,242860,25385191,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Piejacker875,"It's still entertaining, even after the number of hours I've spent playing already.Performance has been a bit shaky in the past, but it runs fine on my hardware now.i5-4690K, R9 390, running Mesa-12.0.2-1, Linux 4.7.2-1 on Arch."
76561198128588274,Recommended,242860,32071160,Posted: 30 May,all,And Also a Hippo,Very fun! got it for $8. it's a steal ig you get it on sale.
76561198009482122,Recommended,242860,15631706,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dr. Rocktopus,"Verdun is, for my money, the most interesting FPS currently available on Steam. I use the term ""interesting"" quite deliberately. It's not the prettiest, it's not the most fast-paced, action-packed, explosion-filled... actually scratch that last part. There are plenty of explosions, and they're pretty devastating. The point is, there is something to this game that will keep bringing you back for more.If you're a history buff, you can't beat it for an air of authenticity - right down to the grainy, cheesy period music playing on the gramophone in the start menu; gas warfare, waves of inexperienced troops (yourself included) being mowed down by artillery and machine gun fire, drowning in a flooded shell hole in Flanders becuase you're too scared to stick your head out to look for the sniper who has you pinned down... I'd call that immersive.If you're an FPS afficionado, this game will present you with an interesting challenge you won't find elsewhere, and not just because bolt action rifles take some getting used to after years of CoD and Halo. Face down a heavy machine gun armed only with five hand-grenades and a shovel, I freaking dare you. Maybe you're just plain sick of playing the same game modes in everything you play (capture-point, capture the flag, deathmatch,  slight variations on any of the above...). Then the frontlines game mode will probably be the most intriging thing here for you. Take the enemy's first line of defence, hold it against the immediate counter-attack. If you succeed, then take a crack at their second line. Nevermind the third, or the fourth after that. But if they take it back, you start from scratch - assuming you manage to halt their advance, of course.Been playing for over a year now, and it's amazing how far it's come in that time. Expect this one to keep getting better, but it's already pretty damn good. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,22079025,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Monte Melkonian,"I stumbled on this game because I enjoy World War shooters, and I thought I would not be satisfied with any World War game after Red Orchestra 2, however this game has been amazing. I have had a lot of fun playing and I intend to play, much much more. The rush of getting a far kill while sitting and getting shelled in a trench is exhilarating and really enjoyable. If you enjoy playing with old school guns, this game might be right for you.PS: This game is very enjoyable if you cooperate and listen to command, however you can still have just as much fun playing without minding to deal with anyone else."
76561198087993428,Recommended,242860,32167943,Posted: 3 June,all,cjm444,"Verdun is a great game! It's alot like Chivalry: Medival Warfare, but obviously with a World War theme. I really like how players of all sorts of skill can join in and not get ""ran over"" by players who've been playing the game longer. The game developers responsible for Verdun have done a fantastic job overall, making a first person shooter where players rely on skill rather than on mulling through hours and hours of gameplay to unlock guns."
76561197965327639,Recommended,242860,8634416,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,BeeFart,I sniff mustardgas to get high !      10 / 10
76561198076000664,Recommended,242860,11458757,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,TickleTickle,This game is one of the few games that i have played that actually REQUIRES the use of teamwork. Great.
76561198204210719,Recommended,242860,30497806,Posted: 13 March,all,TheDankestToast,"First of all let me say that I got this game on sale. I bought it for £9.49 instead of £18.99. Now as I was playing people were saying how the sale has ruined the game and I can't really say anything because I got the game in the sale. It's well worth getting because of the authenticity of the game and just the gameplay all together. I love trench warfare and this game is just great for experiencing that. I was really surprised at the graphics and how well the game runs, I have all settings on ultra and the game runs at 60fps and rarely drops below 50fps.Overall I do recommend this game to anyone who likes first person shooters set in WW1."
76561197970334919,Recommended,242860,32089392,Posted: 31 May,all,Shurkov77,"Pro:This game is fun and challenging at the same time. Teamwork is such a huge factor and alway the deciding factor of any match I was part of at least. The maps i played where fun and had a smart design.Neg:The weapons feel sometimes to accurate, which makes it frustrating at times."
,Recommended,242860,20882866,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SovietRifleman,Reks Balls
76561198080372269,Recommended,242860,20957954,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kung Chok-Pao,"This game is a 9/10 in my book. I'd say that besides the obvious bugs like the Jerries jumping 50ft in the air, this game truly is one of the best games i've played this year; the physics are great, the matchmaker is awesome, and the utter massacre of unknowing recruits is priceless.100% percent worth it"
76561198134106396,Recommended,242860,17440689,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,JRthe2,The game is phanomial and more realistic then you might think. Its also the only World War 1 FPS that i could find . Its deffinitly worth every penny
,Recommended,242860,21195612,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Harbour Master,"Got meself a G-98.*Peaks briefly over the top**Dies instantly*Best multiplayer fps ever played, hands down. If you like history your balls will explode."
76561198086110166,Recommended,242860,19969053,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Shia labeouf,"Game is so good I have PTSD. just buy the game, JUST DO IT"
76561198006812480,Recommended,242860,23508577,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Shadow,There are few good games about the Great War which used to be overshadowed by its succesor. But Verdun certainly rights the wrong. Give it a shot if you're looking for muddy threnches' atmosphere and some challenge.
,Recommended,242860,20427988,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lanax,">holds breath for 6 seconds>wheezes like a morbidly obese chain smoker>runs through no man's land, jumps into the enemy's trench and kills a person>no problem10/10"
76561197971748569,Recommended,242860,20194972,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Choad,"Good game.  It's basically a World War One version of Red Orchestra.Combat is quite prescriptive, you have to either defend trenches or assault enemy trenches, which means you have definite front lines, no mans land and the like.  Weapons are a bit unusual in that bolt action rifles are the HUGE majority of what you will be able to use, weapon choice is greatly constrained and the specialist stuff is limited in number. Pistols are pretty much the best close quarter weapon, one in four of a particular type of German squad may have access to the one submachinegun in the game.It's quite surreal to have fighting in trenches at very close quarters when everybody is equipped with a long rifle or at best a revolver.Fun game though, good graphics, though the effect when you see someone get hit isn't very realistic.   Firing the rifles is quite satisfying.  The different types of squad is a nice feature, the play style is unique given its based on trench warfare.  The maps do tend towards the fields of mud with barbed wire and sandbags but they arent ALL like that, there's one in a French fort which offers a bit more close quarters fighting and one simulating the Battle of the Marne when the trenches are mere shallow ditches and the fields are still full of grass and bales of hay."
76561198142692879,Recommended,242860,19495641,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Putin4Life,i love the play this game. with my 7.1 headset everything sounds real. only thing is when you play this game on low graphics the realism is gone and the fun. luckly my pc can handle medium everythings is beeter than with shadows.
,Recommended,242860,22053507,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Yung_Lardad,"It's a great game and very fun, but with this lastest update, the matches last far too long."
,Recommended,242860,22382923,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Gopnik,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good, honestly you will not be disapointed with it its worth the money!"
76561198123332231,Recommended,242860,22345626,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ZombieFrieZ,"This game is so fun! So, in essence, it is nothing like the first World War, which was not so fun. It does however have a new gore mode which I have set to ultra... I give it 10/10 tri-color bunny rabbits"
76561198015285788,Recommended,242860,22352234,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,[C.U.E.N] KingCargo,"BUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUY. The game is amazing. Graphics are okayish. runs about 30-40 FPS, developers constantly adding features. Good large multiplayer community. Historicaly accurate. 8/10"
,Recommended,242860,16685334,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,CarlVonClausewitz,This game covers all aspects of trench warfare. Voice acting adds more reality to the game and combat is more realistic than in many other shooters.Also the optimization is good.
76561198173105547,Recommended,242860,30006586,Posted: 18 February,all,MAVERICK,Are you looking for a game that shows you the realities of the First World War? do you want to figh for King and Country or for the fatherland? You choose. This game is great! It shows the horrors of the First World War in first person where you try to survive in the trenches. I think you should get this game ASAP as it has already shown that it is going to do some great things in the future. Is this a game you have been waiting for. If it is i recommend you get it now!
76561198081446726,Recommended,242860,28505530,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Wehraboo,"Verdun was the first WW1 FPS, better than Battlefield 1 any day. It truly captures the back and forth-ness of trench combat and the heavy casualties, the gunplay is immersive and so satisfying when you get that kill."
,Recommended,242860,28437795,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Barak Osama Homo bin Laden,"really glitchy and broken in many ways but very fun, the novelty does wear off after a little while though"
,Recommended,242860,28388015,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Flanno,"Awesome squad based shooter, a real alternative to the modern and ww2 era that we see so much of. devs are always improving the experience. the game has a challenging learning curve but with practice its easy to stop becoming canon fodder as i found out the hard way."
,Recommended,242860,28926560,Posted: 1 January,all,✪ Ｊａｒｈｅａｄ,"A fun WW1 game. Sometimes tedious, but at most times gameplay is very emotional and tactile and with that, fun! 9.5/10 would buy."
,Recommended,242860,26986252,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LordAndy316,This is a game10/10
,Recommended,242860,13950276,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Crowley,"With the hour that I've played Verdun, I can attest that it is a game whose developers have actually put quite a lot of effort behind their project and actually have a scope and plan. I can see Verdun becoming an actual game with a fairly large community, despite a bit of a niche of WWI games.First off, my complaints are that the art assets quite aren't there yet, but since this is Early Access it's forgivable, and I'll mostly just base these complaints on the current build as of writing (v173). The game isn't pretty in it's current state, it's not exactly ""ugly"" but some things like the lighting engine need work, and the models and textures a bit more refinment. My biggest problem in this department are the audio assets. Everything seems to lack volume and weight to the sound. Gunfire coming from a squadmate next to me sounds piddly and weak. Explosions are slightly better but still a tad under par.Another is that it feels a bit too... gamey, I suppose, rather than a much more immersive, realistic experience. Bullets don't currently have a drop yet, and currently uses a CoF (cone of fire) model as far as I can see, and a bit of a deadzone a la Red Orchestra as well as some ballistics physics would help immensely. As it stands, trying to fire a Webley at a target less than 50m away even while using ironsights is difficult to pull off. Movement is very floaty, and everything currently lacks weight.Another thing is that the game currently lacks VOIP, which makes it difficult to really communicate with your team although there is a text-chat system in place. What I'd like to see is maybe a ""radio"" chat within your squad (which needs to increase, btw, at most up to 6 or 8 players otherwise it may be difficult for large groups of friends to play together)My final complaint would that the game feels too small. 32 player combat, each with 4 squads of 4 fighting on 5 different maps ranging from smaller maps like Vosages to larger battles of Picardie. While a 32 player battle definitely feels right on Vosages, it feels sparse on much more larger maps. While no doubt more maps will be coming out soon of various sizes, those smaller maps would be better for Deathmatch rather than TDM which should host a larger player size (at least 64 but 96 would be fantastic, if even a bit of a stretch).So, why should you buy the game? Well so far the developers have done a pretty sweet job, despite my gripes above, but that's all they are for now. Most of that is simply based on what's been accomplished so far, and even in its early stage, it's still quite a playable game! The mechanics that are there aren't broken (but could use tweaking here and there), and there's enough players on at a time that it's not difficult to find yourself amongst a charge of screaming soldiers all before you're cutdown by MG and riflefire, and getting trapped in barbed-wire, because you didn't think it'd serve a purpose other than a prop, now did you?Would I recommend this game? Yes I would, but I'd advise watching some gameplay footage first, to see if the game would be right for you. And remember, although I wrote quite a bit on the flaws of this game, it's much easier to do so when the game is still in Alpha, not to mention that some of my own personal gripes might not be that big of a deal to yourself."
76561198040215054,Recommended,242860,14006681,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Duke of Skellington,"Ever had the thought of why there are so many medieval, WW2, and modern warfare style games, yet there almost no World War One games? Well, Verdun has finally answered that question! It's namesake of course comes from the Battle of Verdun in Northern France in 1915. The game does well in portraying the harsh conditions of First World War battlefields. The prime game mod is a simple Advance and Secure style mode. Attacking and defending trench lines is the name of the game. To win, you must fight tooth and nail for every inch of ground there is.  The game surprisingly has a large amount of customization, with different rifles and weapons. Overall, I thinks it's a very good game!OVER THE TOP LADS!"
,Recommended,242860,8583514,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Skully,"Its early access, and some things are a bit rough still or not there at all.It's a truly fantastic game.Be warned, you will need to play it alot to get good. Alot of people rage quit after a few hours.  You will likely get killed ALOT at first. There are players with hundreds of hours of play time that know every map inside out. Just keep playing and you will get to enjoy this game more than most other shooters.Also be warned it uses the Unity engine. So performance is pretty poor for what it is. And likely will never be great in this department. It is a shame, but just turn the gfx down and enjoy it anyway.It's worth every cent I paid. Would of payed more!"
76561197983403667,Recommended,242860,12452150,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,MaDDawg,I would like to know why my game keeps crashing..I never did that before  Can someone tell me how to correct it!
76561198048735617,Recommended,242860,8438687,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ICH,fun without all automatic weapons and stuff like this
76561198072200995,Recommended,242860,14406872,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,George Pickett,Verdun is a fantastic WW1 simulator that features true realism. The devs are great and are constantly updating the game to make it better and it is historically accurate. A definite must buy for any true lover of WW1 history.
,Recommended,242860,13508134,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[Mush]Mspaint,"BEFORE I STARTED PLAYING THIS HOW WAS MY FEELING OF THE GAMEi read some reviews that players liked it so i bought it just to try it out, had a normal hype.WHEN I TRIED IT HOW CAN IT BE COMPARED TO THE HYPE I HAD:first thought was damn it demands alot of caring to be playable, and the short distance from alive to death was so short.. then i tried it for some hours, and got really into it now im kinda liking it more and more, and they patche it regular also.TOP 3 I LIKE1. one of the few 1ww fps, its unique and like it2. like the progression system , level up as team and level as your player experience.3. main menu music is getting me right into the old days, getting so ready dive into the game.TOP 3 I DONT LIKE1. it demands a pretty good pc now, if you want high quality graphics and no lag.2. everytime i play it i learn something new, so kinda hard getting into at first.3. alot of bugs, and that you fight the war and can get killed by the barbed wire.So overall points by me given are 1/10 where 10 is max.Multiplayer experience: 8/10Graphics: 6/10Developer update game: 8/10Developer informing us about their team and state of game: 7/10IS THE GAME WORTH IT?i personaly like it and want it to be a real success, and that said after all the bugs in it :).i see it as a Worth to buy yesMy pc specs.Screen: BenQ 27"" 3D LED XL2720Z (1920x1080, 144Hz, 1ms, 12m:1, VGA/DVI/2xHDMI/DP)AMD FX (tm)-8350 Eight-Core Processor (8 CPUs), -4.0GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 (4gb Memory)24576MB Memory- Mspaint out"
,Recommended,242860,15472396,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Detective Gregor Anghel,"I have watched this game go from total skrub tier graphics (Minecraft) to an extremely polished game.  Its still being updated with new features and the game play is very realistic.   You too can drown in your own fluids because of poison gas, be ripped apart by artillery fire and turned into a bullet catcher when the MGs are talking.   Its a great game and I would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,15533009,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,James,"I decided to look at some WW1 games and found this gem, completely satisfying WW1 expirience.Defend your trench from waves of enemy, then rush the enemy trench, single shot rifles and bayonets, artillery, grenades and ww1 MG's.An authentic WW1 game with a dedicated and appreciative communtiy. The developers have done a great job here.The game has progressed steadily since early beta and is now close to call of duty standards for qaulity, gameplay is at least 10x cod if you like the idea of bolt action rifles and barbed wire trench warfare."
76561198076606097,Recommended,242860,15484264,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MourningStone,"I jumped into the enemy's trench after a stenuous push through no mans land. I wasn't there but a moment when a frenchman did the same thing i did only from the opposite side, we were meters from each other. He was wielding nothing but a trench knife and by the time i swung my bolt action rifle towards him he had already firmly placed the knife in my chest killing me instantly.10/10 would get trench knifed again"
,Recommended,242860,15498544,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,dahyundubu,"I have to say that this is a really good WW1 simulator. You hear the whistle of your NCO, telling you to attack, but deep inside you know that running into No Man's Land will guarantee your quick death. Nonetheless, you go anyways. Even if you crawl, as soon as you pop your head up over that hole, you immediately receive fire. Luckily, they all miss. You reach the enemy trench! Now what? Look, there is your enemy! Quick, shoot him! But the intenseness of the situation makes you miss your shots! You frantically stand up, and charge him with your bayonet. It's your life or his! Even fending off several enemy soldiers, unfortunately your team's attack is repulsed and is driven back. The call to retreat is given.♥♥♥♥♥♥ now youre stuck in the enemy trench!You jump up and attempt to head back to friendly positions. This means that you will have to venture back into the dreaded No Man's Land. Your chances of survival are now at an all time low since your enemy is counterattacking, and is right behind you. And for some odd reason, you survive and jump into your trench, with mortars hitting the ground all around you and gas dropping in poor souls a few yards away.The enemy attack is repulsed, and the time for YOUR counterattack is NOW.This is what makes the game fun and an actual simulator, because WW1 was actually fought like this- a stalemate."
,Recommended,242860,8444123,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,pzubrikovz,Hours of fun... Epic
76561198018758661,Recommended,242860,15545396,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Yuca,"Loved it.No, Loving* it. Historically accurate, shiny iron-sights, and heroically dying 70% of the game.Neat tactics too."
76561198074580775,Recommended,242860,14344347,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Literal Trash,"Great game, kinda buggy, but for an early access it's plenty stable. Has immense potential, and is already well worth it's price."
76561198090471494,Recommended,242860,14361702,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Canadian Raven,"I like this game, especialy when someone calls in a gas attack!"
,Recommended,242860,30497894,Posted: 13 March,all,morgan2548510,Great game filled with realistic gameplay.
76561198091690317,Recommended,242860,18830600,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,PolishArsenal,"when i first sarted playing i was wondering how do you tell the enemies apart, how do you switch classes, where do you go. lukcily people are nice eniugh to help new players. and once you get into verdun its really worth it. i havent played that long and im sure theres more to this game. although you die alot. expect that."
76561198138082132,Recommended,242860,18867932,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ShadowNova,Want a Game were There's no Fancy Guns? Or were you run across the battlefield dying every five seconds till you become good at the game?(Wait....just me that dies every 5 seconds? Ok.....akward then) Like games that are based in the past and were an actual bullect to the chest will kill you instantly? Then Congrats this game is for you. Enough said right? No...Well.. Their's 4-player squads. Different ranks. Different maps. And Lots of death. How about now eh? Good? Good.Best FPS Game I've ever played IMO.
76561198174584421,Recommended,242860,16029800,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Randi,"Great game!! If your a history junkie like me! OH BOY GET THIS GAME!!! Its seems like this game makes me feel like i'm experiencing the horrors of trench warfare. By far the best FPS out there...I feel like when i play games like battlefield and heroes and generals along with red orchestra the realism just is not yet there its more of a run in  gun type of game. this game makes you play the objective where as other games let have the freedom to run around. Which is good if you like call of gayness. I like difficult strategy games that require teamwork..Who likes an easy game where you can just run around and do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want that gets boring..I play to win games and this game can last you a while like this game could but other games just get boring..Adolf Hitler ist ein Chef ich liebe Hitler , er ist ein verdammt Tank will ich seine enge♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥zu blasen und lecken seinen Schwanz Deutsch mein Freund ist mit einer ekelhaft emo♥♥♥♥♥♥ die ein Bild von ihr Zeitraum Blut , jemand in meiner Schule geschickt zogen shes ein verdammt wierdo  卐 卐 卐"
,Recommended,242860,18758273,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,CryingNoob,It is both fun and immersive giving it great gameplay quality. It is very realistic and gives you the feeling of actually being in the trenches of world war 1. The maps are well designed and are fairly balanced however the game does not force you to switch team if it is unbalanced so sometimes it is very unbalanced. I would suggest playing with friends on this game as it is much more fun and teamwork will always win the game. Altogether I defiantly recommend this game if you have friends to play the game with and i do not recommend it if you play it by yourself however it is still very fun anyhow and i hope you found this review useful and maybe I will see you in no mans land.
,Recommended,242860,25910245,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BigAssMuffin,"This game is personally my favorite, i would recomend it to anyone in the world... People may complain about how battle field 1 is better. Well, i strongly disagree. Also others may complain about muddy and boring textures and graphics this may have... Well, this is what WW1 was!!! Next, in my way to many hrs of play time, ive come to engoy how historic this is with its real battles, actual squads and actual names of real squads in those wars. All in all, it is the best game on the face of the earth and the devs did a pretty good job!!!"
76561198140456214,Recommended,242860,25928783,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Vault Boy,Very good game! Worth its price!
,Recommended,242860,25916894,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The TorAAAH!!,"Verdun is a great WW1 Multiplayer game for players who like fps but like more slow paced than the average call of duty...basically you sit back in your trench defending it until the whistle is blown and you all go over the top...just like in actual WW1 there are different classes to chose from, my favorite being the machinegunner...although it can be frustrating when you constantly die going over the top...it is still a fun game when you have a good game...there are 4 modes if im correct but the only one that has a stable flow of players is the largest gamemode which is team based player vs player...overall this is a good game for the money and i rate it 7/10 for what the game does have...but i am comparing this to 3A games when i say this...so to relate it to more games its style...this is the best indie game that i have ever played in my opinion"
,Recommended,242860,13679679,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Distracted_Recon,"Pros:-authentic weapons that look exactly like the real weapons-The maps are nicely designed,having the gritty,dirty,and muddy trenches WW1 battlefields really had-graphics look really nice-from bolt action rifles,barbed wire,and gas attacks, this game is a true WW1 experience.-you can create and customize your own squad.-character models look great,from facial features,to small details on their uniforms.*note that this game is in early access,so these problams will gradually go away as the game progresses*cons:-animations are REALLY buggy.you'll see things like T-pose and people's feet not moving when crouched.-audio can also get messed up sometimes at the beginning of rounds-prone block is litereally in every other spot on the map,and it really gets in the way sometimes.forgetting the buggy problems that comes with this game,I 100% recommend this game to anyone who likes historical shooters,that has mature,strategic oriented gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,31380644,Posted: 26 April,all,Novodantis,"A gritty and visceral experience of the Great War that's more than just another FPS. The gameplay in Frontline mode stands apart from most other shooters, adding much more authenticity to the experience than just what weapons are used. The tug-of-war for trench control is a very WWI thing and the squad mechanics reward a more strategic kind of gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,12029088,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Jaffacake239 [20th AIB],"Got to love one of the only World War One FPS games on the market. And it is good fun in full games, the only thing that i think is a must have in improvements, is more people in games, not just 16vs16."
,Recommended,242860,9417029,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Doug Dimmadome™,"Needs work, as to be expected in a beta.Developers seem very responsive and willing to hear out user's opinions.Game handles pretty well, engine could use some tweaking (mainly optimization), but other than that it's one of the smoothest shooting FPSs I've played in a while.The community is pretty nice as well, as I would expect when it's this small.Fun WWI FPS, would recommend to fans of history and WWX FPSs in general."
76561198165367869,Recommended,242860,25454253,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Cheeseypoofs,is good
,Recommended,242860,25457249,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Boomcow,10/10 Would get trenchfoot again.
76561198066591765,Recommended,242860,17147793,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Caxrus,This seems like an awesome game but I can barely play it I have an alineware 13 with 8Gb os RAM and I can barely play the game at low settings with about 11 FPS in the menu I get over 100 FPS regularly. I dont understand what is killing my FPS so badly considering I have a fairly highend laptop and I can play almost any other FPS with more than 60 FPS
,Recommended,242860,24039828,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Closure,"Its fun, does still need some work but its fun to play.One shot kills for most weapons so its not like CoD or other types of games.More so like a ww1 insurgency"
76561198079207046,Recommended,242860,18919388,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Warwertyer,"I love the game idea and how you play it but its just the graphics are to much for my computer and this computer can run some higher games (insurgency, red orchestra, call of duty world at war) over all its fun but I would love to see some stability in the graphics so it runs better on some of the lower end computers"
76561198143457279,Recommended,242860,16497657,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TastyWaffles,"Do you want a COD WW1 ? YES? Then get the fluff out, because this isn't . You can't go waltzing around with your sniper rifle, the only thing you are  going to get are holes. That's why I loved this game so much.Pros:-ww1 setting, and trust me you won't be disappointed-Realism: sometimes I fear leaving the trenches, because you won't even notice when you are dead. There's gas attacks, mortars, snipers, LMG...-Friendly communityCons:-Hard at the beggining, don't worry if you die all the time-Squad system, I actually like it, but it's better with friends- Snipers are freacking impossible to use, if you can crack a kill with it you are mofo proThings you could add:- More guns-I would like to say more factions, but since the game is set in Verdun, it would probably be weird to see some Italians or Ottomans here.-I would like to see more diversity in the rolesOther than that, great game, buy now !Add me when you have done so to play with a friend :D"
76561198219305292,Recommended,242860,15239713,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Nippleton The Third,"This game is alright. it is currently in beta and feels a bit under populated, it feels weird when you are defending an entire trench from 4 people and vise versa. Hopefully when the full game comes out it will be mre populated. Verdun also has a weird gun system that orginizes what gun you have with the role you play in the squad but it does not clearly display the gun that goes with the role. Otherwise than those two things the game is pretty good."
,Recommended,242860,8251004,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,DXTF,"Great game! Still in beta mode though, would like to see some new maps added and new guns and maybe a new game mode, not bad for £6 but could have more depth to it."
76561197991251398,Recommended,242860,21066385,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Horst Kontkorst,The Dark Souls of first person shooters.
,Recommended,242860,31655521,Posted: 9 May,all,CaptainSelection,"When I was in elementary school, I wanted to grow up to be a game designer so I could make exactly this game. It's great if you're a WWI nerd like me, play it."
76561197971467154,Recommended,242860,25844297,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,xMidoriSamuraix,Incredible Warfare !!! Worth every penny to get this game out there !! Great weapons. A uniqute class system. Artillery bombs ... gas you name it its in this !! Buy it and you wont wanna play anything else :)
,Recommended,242860,28667788,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Snik,Hardcore WW1 shooter.The ONLY one of its kind.
76561198213802733,Recommended,242860,29245407,Posted: 14 January,all,bravelittletoaster,"Literally the best WW1 game out in the market. Comparing this masterpiece to Battlefield 1 is impossible because Battlefield 1 is not about WW1. It is about running around with fully automatic weapons killing tanks with horses, headshot means no♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've played both games and I have come to the conclusion that it is indeed true that Bf1 has better graphics and more dense gamer population but if you are looking for a game that offers the possibility of experiencing the real WW1 this is definitely the game you are looking for.Gameplay offers very emotional battles. Guy gets killed next to you and you suddenly start to feel unsafe because you know that a no man's land sniper is watching the fields. You can run for it with your buddies supress fire him and stuff.Basically what I'm trying to say is that you should definitely buy this game if you're a fan of experience and not graphics(yet)."
76561198042620134,Recommended,242860,29912064,Posted: 13 February,all,Bob Ross,Known to cause PTSD
,Recommended,242860,26354922,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,kep,Dont stick your head out of the trench.
,Recommended,242860,28428810,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Stalin,"Great game,great community, and great idea. I like how they could mix both game logics and the reality of war. It's not where In call of duty or in most games with a Goodguys and bad Guys thing, but what ever side you are, Entente or in the Central powers, It shows that it's just soldiers fighting, not Heros trying to ""save"" ()verwatch) or killing each other as a mercenary (team Fortress). It's just Both sides with bits of balance.I would recommend buying this game if your a nerd,or Like a break from Battlefield or Call of duty with it's Run-kill-repeat.This is a game where your goal is to sit in a trench or run in a trench, and Actually Have cover that is useful and of how it treats of a ""life or death"" situation. This teaches a bit of warfare. I would like to see if they could add more balance into this, I know about patriot and everything, but we don't always need the U.s marines in every front. like in some matches, these squads won't switch to canadians or anything, even when we don't need to Smokein the enemy trench.I would recommend to having a more supply resource,  Health boxes in the trench and ammo boxes in the the wall of the sides or middle, like in the Vorges sector not as decoration."
76561198107736999,Recommended,242860,29261370,Posted: 14 January,all,ArTas,Great game but those players are stupid af..
,Recommended,242860,26965303,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Z'ev Broden,"It was pitch black. The trenches were ten feet high, and around every turn there was fear of an enemy troop laying in wait. The whistle sounds, and we push through, in our desparate attempt to capture the trench. The attack fails, however, and we are ordered back as our sworn enemies keep on our heels, with intent to kill. However, as we tread our ways to a friendly trench, a nameless soldier with a machine gun is set to cover our backs. He fights of the enemy troops after us, and covers the retreat of the rest of our army. However, his bravery meant he could not retreat to our trench himself. As a result, he was executed on the spot for not following orders, but not before the majority of our forces were saved. Such a hero will never be forgotten.10/10; nominated for ""Most Realistic Game"" award"
,Recommended,242860,28917256,Posted: 1 January,all,Fogeltje,"Verdun is a solid realistic multiplayer shooter set in the First World War. If you prefer fast paced actions like Battlefield, this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,242860,26481810,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,CIA,"I have nothing against Battlefield 1, in fact I believe it's a damn good game, but if you're looking to REALLY be stuck in the trenches and barbed wire of WWI, then this is the game for you. My personal favourite aspect is the wonderful array of different squads, ranging from French and German troops to lesser-knowns like Canadians, which keeps the game not only varied but also stays true to the real diveristy that was present in the war. After all, it was aworldwar."
76561198172323714,Recommended,242860,26856421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,spartinmic9,Very good game although still needs some work done. Overall i would rcomend playing it.
76561198005379567,Recommended,242860,26214781,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,vyrago,"Better than BF1.  Ultra realistic, gritty and brutal.  Yes, it lacks the vehicles of BF1 but for a true WW1 trench warfare experience, this is where its at.  The weapons are the best part, all meticulously researched and recreated.  Keep in mind its an 'indie' title so it may not have the gloss of an EA game but its stable, fun and the players aren't whiny little kids calling you '♥♥♥♥♥♥'."
76561198005814815,Recommended,242860,17252383,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,olafshruber,"This is a fun shooter in the rare explored WW1 setting. Takes some getting used to, especially the non automatic weapons that are beyond reach of most infantryman. Interesting classes and you can play as Canadians bashing Germans with huge spiked clubs... who dosen't love that?!"
,Recommended,242860,32866342,Posted: 27 June,all,CheeseSpy,Great WW1 game
,Recommended,242860,8311862,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheRegalOne,"Bloody good game really. A tad glitchy but really entertaining and tactical, also the only FPS set in WW1 on the market!"
,Recommended,242860,15602872,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,sikari,"This game is actually pretty damn fun. It's easily one of the best WW1 games out there, and my only downside is that there is no throwable smoke. Other than that aspect, the game runs great and plays great. If you like RO2, then you're going to really enjoy this game."
76561198079566461,Recommended,242860,16847239,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,caprisun,This is a great game.
,Recommended,242860,17469736,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,GasPumper,Great FPS.
76561198127039704,Recommended,242860,19372643,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cowkicker27,"Fantastic game. But this game is for VERY experienced players in FPS. I could not go 3 games without punching a hole into my wall. But I respect the game, it's great graphics make up for it. I really feel like I am in WW1. If you are MLG, get this game."
76561198043258606,Recommended,242860,15689356,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,gARy,"What a brilliant game,after just playing 2,3 HRS i can say as a Red Orchestra 1/2/Rising storm Veteran i really recommend this game to the people who loveRealistic War games.This game is exactly what you would expect, realistic, alot of deaths, and constant chaos in the trenches.Now i have only played the Frontline mode so far since i don't care about X players against X players in a deathmatch mode.Pro's- Realistic Trench warfare :small trenches where you mostly spend your time defending and only go out when attacking the next enemy line, like world war 1 it was Defend, Repel enemy attack, charge and attack after and hope for the best.It is actually really hard to win over another trench for your team unless you work together properly.- The Squads :4 man Squads with exclusive roles and all benefit towards advancing towards the next trench and having a well placed machine gunner is really powerful in defending your own trench.- The Maps :The maps are beautiful, muddy, trenches, barbed wire, dead animals, bushes and death lying around the corner like World war 1 was. The Maps are hard to win over in every match but that makes it mostly alot of fun cause winning makes you feel like you achieved something.- Weapons :Authentic world war 1 weapons where if you see them for the first time you will think who the hell fights wars with that? The weapons are extremely powerful, Most Rifles can one shot someone and pistols take 3/4 shots to the body to kill and the MG is a very powerful tool for defending and assaulting if used properly. Now as i said i played Red Orchestra alot and for people who know this game its kinda similar to this game just less weapons but it doesn't ruin the fun.- Gas & the Gas mask :This gives this game a whole new meaning. After assaulting an enemy trench and they blow Mustard gas into it, putting on the gas mask gives you the feeling like you are trapped and in a real sticky situation with not alot of sight but surrounded by a green cloud. When you see the enemy trying to retake the trench charging with gas masks on its just amazing.- Difficulty :Like i said most weapons one shot and trenches are hard to take over from the enemy, Even if you are up against lvl 1 players it can still be hard to take over a trench cause if the enemy is dug in deep its hard to charge and rush into the trench without some kind of teamwork.- Graphics :This game looks pretty beautiful, its not the best engine or most beautiful game but if i had to give the graphics a score it would be 8/10.Con's- Grenades :You can throw them insanely far, its pretty ridiculous.- Spawn points :Sometimes when you are playing frontline you spawn somewhere the enemy MG can spot you from miles away and keeps hammering you till the end of days. On some maps ive experienced this.- Shooting trough Barbed wire :On alot of maps its impossible to shoot trough barbed wire.- Length of the matches :Since its pretty hard taking over the enemy trenches you mostly don't have enough time to win and the match ends up in a draw.- No auto balance but penalty timers for overpowered team :Don't have to say much but some auto balance would be nice since the game is pretty hard.There you have it my review of the game,Now go buy this game, its 400% worth the money and you will have tons of fun with it IF you likeREALISTIC WAR GAMES (YOU WILL DIE ALOT)."
76561197970509330,Recommended,242860,21373024,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Blurfester,"Extremely solid World War 1 shooter. I bought this game when it was early access and it's been steadily improved upon ever since. Great campaign type mode and great deathmatch mode as well. Graphically outstanding with great tension building moments as you relive the first world war. A must buy shooter whether you are into the history or not. Beats the hell out of a lot of triple A titles. Hell, you even learn a little background history of the war while you play! What's not to like? 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,16482121,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Big Bitch Barry,"the pictures in the preview above is nothing to the game. The game has fantastic graphics that go so far as to you being able to see every scratch in the wood. Though the game can be laggy and slugish at ultra, but high graphics is smooth and will run with no problems. The high ping is actually linked to your graphics settings so if its like 150-900 just turn down graphics. This game is so immerisve and real that it literally feels like being in the movie paschendaele (only the war seens). They should imput another game mode though becuase the two basic modes (ffa, attrition/defensive and attcking) get a tad boring. The maps are ridiculously beutiful and horrifying at the same time but thats the entire experience. MUST BUY 10/10"
76561198031873999,Recommended,242860,16854333,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,WeaponMeister,"Excellent Game. At first look I thought I would be bored but I quickly came to adore this game in all its brilliance. This game is pretty realistic and is allways fun to be gunning someone down who is running at your trench line or diving into theirs after everyone around was just shot. I find myself constantly immersed in this game. I highly reccomend it, it is worth the price tag.9/10"
76561198030385328,Recommended,242860,17005732,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Little_Goblin,A FPS multiplayer that fully shows that going rambo will result in you dying quicker than Charlie sheen's credibility
76561198035759401,Recommended,242860,17242187,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Nickolai9,"A unique and interesting tug of war oriented fps set in WWI. This game is not an a fully accurate simulation, preferring to instead focus on arcade-y squad based tactical shooter  game play centered around pushing the momentum of an attack on an enemy trench or desperately defending your own trench against an onslaught of Allied (or Central) forces. Each side will take turns attacking each others trenches. If one side does well in the attack (by occupying the enemy trench, therefore gaining a ""foothold""), your teams attack builds ""momentum"" and you are granted more time to attack and eventually capture the enemy trench. A battlefield is usually made up of 5 trenches representing about a mile or so of territory between them.The game is both exhilarating and frustrating. There is a rush of excitement and fear as you leap over the side of your trench to charge across no-man's-land and explosions burst in your eardrums and bullets from Machine Gun emplacements whiz past your head, but that excitement can be ended by the frustration of being shot from a mile away by an enemy you can't see which will happen most of the time if your not careful.The most interesting part of the game to me is it's setting. As far as I know, this is the only shooter set in WWI and it's depicted in incredible detail. The game may not be an accurate presentation of WWI as far as game mechanics go (such as bullet drop and squad spawn) but the weapons of the war, the sounds of the war, and the depictions of gruesome, destroyed battlefields are amazing. Besides that, the game is very fun which is something I wouldn't have expected from a game about a war where people largely sat in wet trenches for months at a time before getting randomly shot or dying of the  flu.Fans of multiplayer FPS's and WWI history buffs should give this game a try. There is nothing else like it out there right now."
76561198174944843,Recommended,242860,17462219,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,STFU,best fps war game out there atm.
76561197988481350,Recommended,242860,16919760,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Peter The Great,"This game is amazing! I have been following this game since it was in beta and finally decided to buy it a couple weeks ago. I have been playing everyday since I bought it, no regrets! I have been waiting years for a WWI FPS to come out and it is finally here!! If you love historical accuracy and realism then this game is for you. As a lover of history, one of the most important aspects for me when it comes to playing a historical FPS is the accuracy of the firearms, uniforms, and battlefields. This game nails it on all of these fronts. I am really looking forward to the future content in store for this game. If you are thinking about buying this game, don't wait like I did, just get it!"
76561198026503655,Recommended,242860,17242475,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,⌠ÅøИ⌡ Michael II,"Overall, very good game. Not a lot of World War I shooters and for a history buff, that is a sad state of affairs. However, there are a few specific things that can ruin certain game sessions. For example, there are a couple maps where one side is heavily favoured due to higher ground and what not. Second, the machine guns are as accurate as rifles, have little to no recoil and produce no tracer rounds. If they have a significant firepower advantage they should have a corresponding downside. Finally, there are a few times were all squads get spawned en masse at the same spot and immediately got mowed down by machine guns."
76561198061438971,Recommended,242860,15602969,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ira-5th-battalion,this is one of the best fps games ive played in a long time and its a new concept that really is good i love the trench warfre its a small glimpse at what fighting on the western front of 1914-1918 was really like  and it gives you a bit of a sodiers mindset of that time for that i would strongly recomend those who need new fps's get this game
76561198182962807,Recommended,242860,32797646,Posted: 25 June,all,Ftchwiz,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!
76561198279828826,Recommended,242860,32801884,Posted: 25 June,all,/GG/,best game ive played in awhile i would buy it 1 million times if i had too 10/10
76561198124734292,Recommended,242860,23898351,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nessie,dieing simulator 20165/5 would die again
76561198076385632,Recommended,242860,23654128,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Taylor,Good game to play :D
,Recommended,242860,23665642,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Дмитрий Петренко,"Very realistic, even there are no tanks or planes, but still have so many functions, especially the squad function.Also included some information of the maps and the background of the WW1. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,24801113,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,floopsybunny,"I love this game there are so many things to do, so many squads and many different ways to play. I would give this game 10x more credit than BF1 even though it didn't come out yet this is the first WW1 FPS and 10x more realistic. Worth the buy for sure."
,Recommended,242860,23625859,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Jordy22,9/10Pretty Damn Good
,Recommended,242860,23831056,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Allochroic Scaden,-Unlock Shovel Man-Shift + W-Sees an enemy-Bhop like you would in CSGO-Mouse1-InstaKill-Killstreak of 10-FeelsGoodMan10/10 Would be Shovel Knight again
,Recommended,242860,24964536,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Uncatchable Man,The most fun you'll have getting shelled by artillery.
,Recommended,242860,24966090,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,WeWuzKangzAndShiet,"i sit there, i watch, and i watch. as my rival crawls, crawls with deep pain. I whisper in his ear, ""its ok little billy boy, youll be okay"" Then, i put my hand over his mouth ""shh shh little billy"" as i slowly put a bullet in his head.10/10 would shh billy again."
76561198095849278,Recommended,242860,23275595,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Pvt Cornhole,"Bolt-action rifle's and mustard gas.....i ♥♥♥♥ing love it!! i strongly recommend it, 9/10"
,Recommended,242860,23240786,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,[FIDE] Plat,"While you wait for battlefield one, then you'll come back when you realise it's EA that's making it."
,Recommended,242860,24245887,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HenrySloanManOfAction,"Last year, I was tasked with writing a paper in an intoductary level college history course. This involved selecting several academic works and writing a 10 page paper incorporating said sources. The paper I wrote addressed the battle of Verdun, specifically raising the question over where the line between Total War and Genocide should be drawn, and using the battle to examine this question. I read (and highly recommend) Paul Jankowski's Verdun: The Longest Battle of the Great War. The first hand accounts referenced by Jankowski portray a war of which can never, and frankly, should never be recreated to a high level of historical accuracy; men condemned to share trenches with cadavers of all stages of decay, towering explosions bringing down enough fresh soil to bury alive those caught beneath, and a day to day life so wrought with desiese and insanitation that it compels the modern reader to the brink of tears. Bearing this in mind, this game from a historical perspective is fantastic, and the recently added Horrors of War expansion brings a new level of intensity to the experience. I do not know of any other game in which soldiers continue shouting long after they have been ""killed"", and it confronts players with an uncomfortable understanding of war's awful reality. Though a video game is not likely to enlighten players to any true representation of history, anyone concerned with playing an authentic military experience should look no further. This game is pretty goddamn fun, too."
76561198146420373,Recommended,242860,24325265,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,[NNF] Daryl,"one moment im getting shelled my german artillary the next im running across no mans land well the men to the left and right of me are getting gunned down by a machine gun. The gore is great! see arms and legs fly when a grenade oblitorates your comrads is awesome! great game, DONT LISTEN TO ALL THE NEW SWEATY SCRUB COD PLAYERS COMING FROM BF1"
76561198086143003,Recommended,242860,29203365,Posted: 12 January,all,UJUG,nice game but i thing arty system shuld be better
76561198109612882,Recommended,242860,28269110,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,combatsmithen,Trenches
76561198035769614,Recommended,242860,22397284,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Hannibal,"i know what youre thinking a world war 1 shooter bolt action rifles and pistols sound boring boring right, WRONG.  This is no Battlefield or Call of Duty  so keep that that in mind.  This game is amazing from the way the map look to weapons of which there is actually of large selection from rifles, pistols, shotguns, machine guns, artillery, and even toxic gas.  Getting a kill feels so good especially at long range.  There are different game modes as well.  You should defiantly buy this game"
,Recommended,242860,23921027,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nitz,Looks for german snipers and spots stack of tiresGets shot by stack of tires10/10 will get shot again by german tires once again
,Recommended,242860,23964663,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Zaphod 4th,"the finest, and most realistic ww1 game out there, to date.10/10"
76561198219605303,Recommended,242860,29469775,Posted: 24 January,all,Rambo 777,"I love the game but there are no servers in South Africa, so I cant play the game properly. I'm playing on EU servers but then my ping is 300 plus, could you guys help me. I've got friends in SA that would also like to play the game."
,Recommended,242860,29474069,Posted: 24 January,all,ZachWhoSane,"One of my all time favorite FPS games. Verdun is historically accurate, and realistic, but at the same time an amazing game, with bullet mechanics, and gore galore."
76561198288501578,Recommended,242860,30127224,Posted: 23 February,all,Wileblock,Realistic World War One setting with trench warfare?20/10
,Recommended,242860,30129054,Posted: 23 February,all,Syndex,Really cool and nice WW1 game. I feel really into the game when I play this!
,Recommended,242860,29160644,Posted: 10 January,all,mcooke90,SpawnDieSpawnDieSpawnDieSpawnDieI GOT A KILL!!!DieSpawnDieSpawnDieSpawnDie
76561198257869030,Recommended,242860,29037696,Posted: 5 January,all,Imladris,"Just played about 40 minutes. As a Battlefield player, I must say that this game is not like them. Realistic, hard and very enjoyable. If you want to taste the real battle simulator in FPS mode and interested in WWI, this game is for you."
,Recommended,242860,29751350,Posted: 6 February,all,TheAustran,"Be playing Landser for funsies, finally occurred to me to make my own squad.Full match on Flanders, mud and misery near Ypres.Decide to take on the NCO role because no one else in my squad ponied up.Finally go on the offensive, order my men to move on the right flank.thisisitlads.jpgMove through abandoned trenchworks so we don't get shot to♥♥♥♥♥♥by Frog MGs.We come to collapsed section of trench, a tree has fallen into it after an artillery barrage, have to go prone.I'm tail-end charlie because I'm a moving spawn-point.Suddenly I hear my Schütze scream some god-awful krautspeak.I watch as my whole squad is literally torn to bloody shreds by a mortar barrage in front of me as I lay prone underneath the tree.Silently watch as my Schütze screams unintelligble cries of pain as he clutches at the bloody stumps of his legs.10/10 I hope you don't mind nightmares."
76561198095312011,Recommended,242860,29580113,Posted: 29 January,all,Heydan Seegil,"The game is best in small doses, like no more than a couple of hours maximum. Any longer and you really do start to feel shell shocked.The guns are hard to aim, but when your squad levels up it really makes you appricate it because finally you'll have some decent sights. Of course the guns still aren't that accurate until the next squad level. Which is kind of the breaking point for the game. Always look to advance the entire squad and work as a team, otherwise the game will completely suck. However once you get that down it becomes a really fun game.If you want a game where you can just run, juke, and jump in without getting killed then play something else. This game forces you to choose your cover and use it. Advance on the enemy trench wisely and hold your own at all costs because every inch you crawl across no mans land is like running a mile up hill.I really can't give this game enough praise for capturing WWI, but I also feel like I have to warn potential buyers that it really isn't made for everyone. If your use to Halo, Battlefield, or CS then this might not be your thing. However if you want an FPS where you spend more time thinking about how to advance your goals (which are more often than not smaller ones like ""Make it to the next fox hole."") then this is your type of game.Stay low and stay covered or you will die in less time than it would take to read this sentence."
,Recommended,242860,30111714,Posted: 22 February,all,crazeydood770,"If you are looking for the fast paced killstreak gameplay of battlefeild 1 do not buy this game. I own both and both have their strongpoits. Verdun is a fps set in WWl. You capture trenches,support your squad, and can even call in artillary. If you work this game you can rank up real quik and unlock all the cool weapons! I strongly reccomend this game to any history buff who loves action."
,Recommended,242860,29425330,Posted: 22 January,all,Fump,"it is really a fun game, the only negative thing is that not a lot of people play it. There needs to be more money put towards advertising to get more players because once again, not a whole lot of people play it."
76561198110250106,Recommended,242860,28926912,Posted: 1 January,all,atheunknown,Words can not describe the glory that is this game.
76561198272039963,Recommended,242860,26258698,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MrQuackWack,If you want to died alot play this ...i like dying ...and mustard gaz sucks
76561198140586743,Recommended,242860,26801870,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GuiguiEagle,I played multiple hours on this game and I still enjoy It a lot. It is more tactical then most other games. This games gets frustrating sometimes but other wise it is very worth it.
76561198206111868,Recommended,242860,20461992,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Socrates,verdun is very fun to play but there is some thigs that need to be fixed1 some of the actions like reloding the french pistol is a bit robotic2 the barbed wire in my opinion takes a bit to long to get out of so your are basically a sitting ducki like the one shot kill so you dont have to worry about shooting all your bullets a one person and the maps and trenches ae very well done
76561197960308464,Recommended,242860,22726579,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Diabolique petit chauve,10/10 Would invade France again.
,Recommended,242860,20456001,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,_BoT,"solid, with some bugs..."
76561198136953726,Recommended,242860,20679338,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,GeneralPickett,Good Game. Just wish they would add in the US forces
,Recommended,242860,20800137,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ThomasBVB12,By far the best ww1 game I've ever played. It's definitely worth the money and with constant updates and new features it makes it hard to get bored. Love it. Really brings to life the horrors of ww1 and what the soldiers went through.WARNING: You will die.. LOTS
76561198035653157,Recommended,242860,20796749,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mad-Magyar,"""Where is that machine gun nest? Why do I always get stuck with the Observationist class? Is our NCO going to call in a scout plane any time soon? Is that a log in the distance or an enemy player? Is that our artillery or theirs? Where did my legs go?""All these questions and more will be answered in Verdun, a brutally hard but extremely entertaining tactical World War One FPS that has made trenchfoot fun again. Gone are the days of crying yourself to sleep in a rat infested trench while shells rain down on you, this game is all tactical action all the time.Shellshock has never been more enjoyable."
,Recommended,242860,12008901,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,✠Cobra_Venom✠,Good game for a WWI shooter
,Recommended,242860,7993684,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Yankee Values,"A very good game, a but buggy, but worth the money"
,Recommended,242860,8162873,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Crow's Eye,"Having played Red Orchestra since the mod days and having played this since before it was Greenlit, I think I can speak with some modicum of authority:They feel similar, but only insofar in that you are armed with a bolt-action rifle. The combat is much more fluid in Red Orchestra, with houses being stormed and counter-stormed multiple times in a small handful of minutes.Verdun revolves entirely around the mechanic of ""one team attacks, the other defends"" When a timer hits zero, the other team attacks and the other defends, if a team should take the objective, they are immediately on the defensive and the other team can take back the objective.That being said, the game isn't just a huge ""let's sit around and snipe at each other"" simulator, when a team has to attack, you see organized efforts on the part of the 4-man squads as they attempt to cross no-man's-land and storm the enemy trenches. Once in the trenches, the combat becomes very frantic and brutal. Hell, the last server I was on, I got 7 kills with my bayonet while repelling enemy assaults. When Verdun is at range, it acts much more naturally than Red Orchestra. When Verdun is up close, it still acts more naturally, despite the wonky melee controls (at the moment).Red Orchestra captures that feeling of urban brawl that made up so much of the Eastern Front (cos let's face it, most of the non-urban maps in RO2 blow due to the lack of tanks), Verdun captures that feeling of ""attack and defend"" that the Western Front was made up of.At the moment, Verdun doesn't have trench guns or spiked clubs or bundles upon bundles of grenades, but they're coming. Gas attacks are planned for January (apparently), which will make the already hazy battlefield an absolute mess until the enemy is right on top of you. I highly recommend getting Verdun if you like Red Orchestra. I highly recommend getting Verdun if you liked Call of Duty 1 and 2 rifles only. I highly recommend Verdun if you want something new to experience and play."
,Recommended,242860,11493206,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Randal Hayswagger,Best crash to desktop simulator I've ever played.
,Recommended,242860,16126575,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,"Dampé, The Gravekeeper/Fisherman","I love this. First WWI shooter I have played, and I love it. Great dynamics, and great fan base. Friendly players, and lots of teamwork."
76561198112468273,Recommended,242860,16053254,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,🎃✝Klaus The  Fox✝🎃,best grapics fun game all i need is friends to get it
76561198078445190,Recommended,242860,20634739,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Manfred_VonVosa,"""We have gained a foothold! Keep attacking!""1 second later - ""Our attack has lost momentum!""10/10 World War 1 realism"
76561198079797688,Recommended,242860,10438300,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,MelloYello,"If you like WWI & WWII games, Check it out. Its fun as hell clearing trenches. Can't wait to see the game when its finished."
76561198149651502,Recommended,242860,22918236,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Julio serve that scampi,Fun game
76561197988956031,Recommended,242860,18504010,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,instantdeath,"This game is EPIC, but its not for lil crybaby kids. Man up or GTFO!!"
76561197970919023,Recommended,242860,30436934,Posted: 10 March,all,Tiger666,"Great game, there have been a lot of updates since I last played. It seems that the devs are very involed and care about this game.There is a steep learning curve for this game it is not battlefield one."
,Recommended,242860,8996971,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Pentanix,If your're looking for a fun WW1 FPS this is the one for you. Big maps with trench warfare and action on 'no mans land'. There does seem to be a few performance issues but i'm sure they will be fixed shortly. As the game is in beta there will be a few bugs. This game is definatly worth your money and offers hours on end of fun. I'm running on Extra with a laptop and get 40 fps so you won't need a super computer to run.
,Recommended,242860,20641791,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Rocky,Strongly recommended
,Recommended,242860,15612354,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hunter,its fun so buy it
,Recommended,242860,20852211,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,FoXXySausage,"This game is torture. But a good kind of torture, like working out. At first it hurts and you want to die but in the end it's completely worth it.Verdun is an utterly unique FPS that really puts into perspective how ♥♥♥♥ing insane WW1 was.Along with it being regularly updated Verdun's DEV team is always working on improving the game.I highly reccomend Verdun to anyone who is into FPS's. It's worth every penny."
,Recommended,242860,30300131,Posted: 3 March,all,The Colonel,"For all its flaws, a great experience. One of my favorite games of all time. I'm not even hugely into FPSs. People argue whether it's realistic or not realistic and this or that. Bottom line, if you're looking for first-person trench warfare, look no further."
,Recommended,242860,23701171,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Dr. Isaac Grey,as accurate as it gets to WWI trench fighting
,Recommended,242860,23834793,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Enderp,Feels so real it gives me Vietnam flashbacks. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,16729666,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,rApp,"Lovely game and great maps, weapons and characters!The maps are very raw and unforgiving when it comes to the combat, the core tactic is to keep your head down and advance through the trenches.There are two gamemodes as of now,-Deathmatch, pick a rifle and spawn somewhere on the map and combat with up to 16 other players. Fast paced and very good to learn the weapons and maps.-""Squad Combat"", two teams where each team is built up on multiple squads. Each squad has it's own theme and abilities and this needs to be taken into account when playing a map since too many of one squad can be bad for the outcome of the match.SquadsThere are different types of squad in the game, each one has their own playstyle. Some are based on calling in mortar strikes or gas, some are recon based and some are more offensive. The right mix of these really makes the matches more enjoyable!One thing though...Only downside at the moment is that there are too many players picking the ""Squad Combat"" mode and playing it as if it was deathmatch, which sucks for the players who want to play the mode as it was intended to be played. This can result in some salty chat and boring experience but most of the time the matches go on and hopefully the players change their playstyle to fit the mode!"
,Recommended,242860,15986611,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,The Virtuoso,"My first game experience.~ Poked my head up from a trench, then got shot~ Poked my head up from a trench again, got shot~ Attempted to go to the enemies trench with a pistol, got rekt by a lewis gun~ 12 deaths later, managed to get my first kill.~ I then became the Chris Kyle on ww1 and started quickscoped scrubsSo basically, this game is so much fun but it takes a little while to get used to how it plays.9/11"
76561198083305328,Recommended,242860,23588239,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Jake R.,Peeked over the trench and shot a German...Peeked over again and got shot in the face...10/10 would get shot in the face again
76561197992676600,Recommended,242860,16835107,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Benito Tortellini,French people suck
,Recommended,242860,23866522,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ＹＵＮＧＦＩＦＥ,The most fun history lesson ever.
,Recommended,242860,15231246,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Candleblack,"Very fun. Some bugs that are still being worked out but not many. Pretty good community with nice people, with only a handful of exceptions."
,Recommended,242860,13299710,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Benghazi Osbourne,"I don't play this game enough, and I think that is my only real issue with it so far. Verdun really stands out as an awesome shooter game that does an excellent job capturing the environment of the Great War. I really must commend the developers for venturing into making a game of this kind, and their ability to bring back to life an era long gone, and a war largely forgotten by its sequel.Tl;Dr: you shoot people with huge bolt action rifles in trenches in the middle of Europe. Everybody dies, one side ""wins"" and you do it again tomorrow.10/10"
,Recommended,242860,16107395,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,yemeni suicide bomber,yelled vive la francegot gassedyelled das deutschlandgot shotyelled for king and countrygot stabbedyelled for tim hortons and maple syrupgot artillery'dyelled MERICA FK YEAHnothing happened because there is no freedom brigade in game1776/10 needs more freedomfor real thodank gameEDIT!!!!THEY ADDED MERICA ANDDDDDD MARINES!!!! ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!!!!
,Recommended,242860,13683562,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Corto Maltese,"Crawled through mustard gas in a claustrophobia-inducing gas mask, got spotted by a machinegunner, and♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants while he fired at my position until another guy threw a grenade and put me out of my misery. 11/10 PTSD Simulator would play again."
,Recommended,242860,13705241,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SomeBody,Much trench vary wow
,Recommended,242860,13642141,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,⚓KARHU⚓,"Even though this game is in beta and has some GLITCHES!! its AWSOME, GREAT, FANTASTIC, and always FUN to PLAY!!! get it, becuase this is one of the best ww1 games ive ever played!"
,Recommended,242860,13907424,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ThreeJGaming,Awesome Game! ive put in over 60 hours now and cant get enough! I do have one thing to complain about though. It seems that flanders fields is playing every second map. and flanders is really laggy for some reason. so every second map i have to deal with 40 minutes of laggy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... other than that its all good though!
76561198011818722,Recommended,242860,13846890,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,WindyFromIndy,Attacking an enemy trench came down to me and a desperate German with a shovel fighting to the death10/10 wouldnt go to war
76561198052819477,Recommended,242860,12849439,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bob Dylan,1. Joined sharpes rifles 2. managed to join with only a webley (like dafuq?) 3. Got shot by some French German guy 4. SHOT a French German guy11/10 Would shoot french german guy again
,Recommended,242860,11452795,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Archer,I was looking for a good ww1 first person shooter for a long time but i thought i ran out of luck until i found this game awesome  game i enjoy it a lot if you would like too see some more  gameplay click on this linkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJDkidyiJvs&list=UU9N99XZzXCfBSjlV2P58nGA
76561198124542159,Recommended,242860,11467493,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,MgSchutze,This game is amzing first its ww1 not many games are based on it second no AI so no idots running into walls and realistc ballistics system wich make sniping less OP becuase normaly a rifle is a one shot kill  and the severs loaded with players in fact ive had only 2 problems playing this for months. The game crashes from time to time and the severs sometime dont load but its in early acess so you expect this. 10/10
76561198143695218,Recommended,242860,13650069,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,killer toe,"good start as a beta, need im provment to graphics and such but gun play is fun and simple.just another note, it dosent do a very good job explaining how to unlock guns."
,Recommended,242860,13490480,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wabbajeck,"This game is really fun to play! For an early access game, it feels very complete, although there some rare hiccups. For Mac people and an PC person looking for a fun FPS game, this is it. Defintely worth the money"
,Recommended,242860,31017953,Posted: 8 April,all,MountainJew,"awesome game, can't knock it.it's basically battlefield one but more realistic and much cheaper. very good graphics, not too real but good. lots of fun. the voicing is funny, the music on the menu's is authentic (unlike battlefield one) and it just feels nice.not many trolly players either, you can play and it's usually pretty balanced out, I'm not great at games but I can play this without coming at the bottom of the scoreboard. Best team and loadout is Germany with the machine gun, you can't run around firing with it and have to place it down before firing, a bit like call of duty 3 support class. you have to aim properly and breath in to fire accurately. I can tell some people would have trouble playing this but after about a week of playing I had it in the bag. you can't just fire randomly and hit someone, to be honest if you blindly fire you never hit anyone, you have to anticipate your shots even at close range. but it makes for good gameplay. I've never felt like rage quitting while playing this because it's smooth and the players are all balanced. there's no leveling system you get everything from the get go and you don't really get a upperhand on anyone as a result which works. there's no flashy guns or gun skins or uniforms or microtransactions insight. no cheating, no trash talking, no trolls.it's like how gaming used to be."
,Recommended,242860,15701354,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Riggd,"Really enjoying this game. Especially the rifle deathmatch. Brings me back to the days of MoH Allied Assault. 1 shot 1 kill, no radar, no nightvision, no red dots...just plain old-fashion  death match. A welcome change to all the futuristic crap out there now."
76561198120674958,Not Recommended,242860,17478531,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,TheOmissiveTurtle,"I liked and had fun playing it ,but now i can't even run it without having a severe fps drop like 15=10 frames and i have 8gb ram and a 3.2 ghz amd processer which is above the requirments!As a side note i was able to run it early on with ultra settings and had a frame rate of 30-35 fps and on low it would run 70fps."
,Recommended,242860,17497793,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Tomithy,"I sit in a trench waiting for my turn to run face first into the enemy, and sacrifice my life for the advance. I bide my time, making sure the enemy is not aware of my presence. Slowly, I make my advance. I near the trench, with my pistol out. I then pop up and get headshotted with a KAR98 from nowhere. I repeat this many times until I realize my life has no purpose and I am wasting my time with this game. Good game, though."
76561198061849463,Recommended,242860,17499295,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,TheNotorious-ConorMcGregor,Hey guys this isnt your typical shooter not everyone is running around shouting allahu snackbar or akbar. The concept is very cool and my pc set up isnt that great but i still run the game pretty well all though ive seen what it looks like on ultra and its sexy so graphically its pretty damn well for an indie game. The gameplay is good 1 shot 1 kill pistoles are 1-3 shots depending on range and the MGs are pretty damn good if used by the right person in the right spot. The Squad feature is something that really tickles my fancy. The Squad feature is basically the country and type of soldiers you are. For example you can have certain squads who are specialized assaulters so they will have trench clubs and knifes and grenades rifles pistols and what nice gear for attacking then there are balanced squads which have every type of weapon/soldier then there are defensive type squads who offer recon planes as NCO MGs Sniper Scopes and pistol+ rifles combos. Learning which squad to use and which soldier in a squad to use will take some time but its part of the fun. As an advid ww1 and ww2 reasearcher on my free time i can say the game is pretty true to history and the guns look and feel authentic. The game can sometimes feel clunky.There are only 2 game modes Assualt i believe its called where one team defends their trench and the other attacks and if they dont succeed in attacking after a certain amount of time they must retreat out of no mans land and back into their trench and the defending team becomes the attackers untill either time runs out or one team captures all trenches. The other game mode i use more to train my marksmanship and thats rifle deathmatch where its a freefor all and its only rifles no other guns grenades or artillery and you can use scopes or bayonets. The games awesome and fun buy it
76561198087889236,Recommended,242860,16511523,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,spahp,"PTSD Simulator 20159/10 (Lost points for poor optimization, otherwise, amazing game)UPDATED REVIEW BELOW------------------------------------------A few bugs have been fixed, graphics improved, the framerate has increased TREMENDOUSLY, and a new cooperative mode for people who aren't the best at multiplayer or just want to feel like super soldiers. With its emphasis on historical accuracy, realism, and horror while still maintaining what it takes for a WW1 Tactical FPS to be fun, Verdun is one of the best ACTUAL war simulators out there. It's worth all the money spent on it.Not to mention the developers! These guys are dedicated and represent what is right in the Indie game community. No corporate greed and plenty of communication while they work hard to improve their game.FINAL VERDICT: 10/10"
76561198015736093,Recommended,242860,16506099,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,maxkidd,"VERDUN- A WW1 FPS, In my opinion worth 15 USD (or equal) 2 modes -trench zerg rush mustard gas choking trench club knocking and grenade spitting fun and sniper death battle, lacking in the variations of games and i wish there was customization but allround good fun 1918/1914 shot a guy through teammate and we both choked to death in chlorin gas"
,Recommended,242860,16476317,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Auzziypie (⪦ ͜ʖ⪧)(꘠ ͜ʖ꘠),spawn in and look over the trench...... die instantly10/10 would die again
76561198075100953,Recommended,242860,16460683,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gavint130,This game is something else great though. (be looking over trench see nothing peaks out again see 3 people and a grenade fly over my head and land next to me. i soon think to my self well ♥♥♥♥ how can this day go any better i soon realize that they took the trench and spoted me and then i die over and over and over again i then look at my friend and throw my keyborad and tv out my window and set half my city on fire) and that is a amazing review on this game.
76561198044120096,Recommended,242860,16611908,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mitchmeow,"This game is not for the light of heart. I love it, but only because I have very particular tastes. Here's why I like it:I'm a history nerd, first of all. If you like World War I, I strongly suggest picking this up.I love how the game focuses on teamwork. You are part of a squad and have to work together with your squadmates to achieve goals and earn rewards.The weapon sounds are well done and really satisfying.It takes a short amount of time to learn how to play a class well.The environments are awesome and stimulate immersion.Here's why I think others might not enjoy this game.Dying is rough. Nine times out of ten, you don't even know where the shot that killed you came from. Spawnkilling is also really annoying. There are many instances where I've spawned and immediately been shot or blown up. On the flip side, it's just as easy for you to kill the enemy as it is to kill you.Slow fire rates make trench fights a crap shoot. If you're alone and faced with more than one enemy, your weapon simply doesn't fire quickly enough to kill both of them. Your best hope is that they miss.The utter lack of a tutorial makes it difficult to learn what the ♥♥♥♥ you're doing in the beginning.If you get a♥♥♥♥♥♥team, there's not really much you can do about it, except for switching sides.Tl:dr, This game is awesome, but it's really hard and takes some getting used to. Get it if you like World War I and don't mind getting killed, waiting 20 seconds, walking three steps, and getting killed again."
,Recommended,242860,16578888,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,hotcops,"Got tangled in the barbed wire then got gassed by the Canadians10/10 rewarding squad-based FPS, if you ever liked Day of Defeat you'll probably love this."
,Recommended,242860,22055655,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Chief,Симулятор умирания в проволоке.
,Recommended,242860,16756078,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Sean,"Rush trench.Notice nobody is behind you.Think to yourself ""What the ♥♥♥♥... where's my team"".Aim down hallway.Notice guy.Shoot.Miss because you moved a little.Die.Repeat."
,Recommended,242860,18670550,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Bakid,"Overall, this game is great. The concepts and gameplay is relatively smooth and playable. However, graphics are not excellent. If the graphics were made slightly better, and the animations more smooth, I would definately rate this game a 5 out of 5."
76561198048130796,Recommended,242860,18965536,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jerome Jackson Blackson,11.1/10 you are either dying or about to die
76561198071910732,Recommended,242860,18967300,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DOLFY HIETLR,"I would recommend this game because,- Get yours adrenaline up.- Great Twitch Shooter- Very good mobility- Those Exos are COOL AS HELL MAN- I like the Parkour like from TITANFALL- Guns are very amazing especially that laser gun- IT HAS KEVIN SPACEY= GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................''WAIT!?THIS IS NOT CALL OF DUTY ADVANCED WARFARE?THAN IT IS A♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!!!!!!!WHAT IS THIS!!!!I GET KILLED WITH ONE SHOT?YOU ACTUALLY NEED TEAMWORK?WHAT THE ACTUAL HELL I CANT 360 NO SCOPE LMG!!!!!!!!!!THIS GAME NOT WORTH IT COS IT NOT CALL OF DOODY!!!!'~ButtHurt COD playing 8 year old noobPlay this game if you are man enough.this is your rite of passagethis is your TRIAL BY FIRE"
,Recommended,242860,31683873,Posted: 11 May,all,Jacky138,"talk about historical accuracy I think this game is better than battlefield 1. loves being in trench shooting people in front of me, in plains tho, not so much chance."
,Recommended,242860,22077012,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Joust,"Serious PTSD with the new update. You've got dudes screaming for help as you see their legs or arms blown off, or clutching their wounds trying to stop the pain. Sometimes you'll be breathing heavily in real life as the suspense of Trench warfare takes over you, as you await the order to sally forth, only to be gunned down, blown to bits by artillery, or feel the life slip away as you are gassed and are not quick enough to put on the mask. M2H and Blackmill games have done an excellent job, creating arguably the most realistic WWI game there is out there today."
,Recommended,242860,22079371,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,The Wolf FormerlyKnown As Jackal,I actually managed to go on a killing spree with the Chauchat.Trenchfoot/10
76561198016789028,Recommended,242860,31829640,Posted: 18 May,all,Hammerdine,"One of the best games i ever played in these genre.The one shot kill produces the quality of realism that all games should implement the skill curve of the game is perfect the satisfaction of the kill is superb, 10+ for the graphics and for the feel.This game will remain legend in my heart.Buy the game you won't regret it!"
76561198084948963,Recommended,242860,20617896,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Chris Hardwick,I really love this game like really love it. It being set in ww1 might sound crazy but truly the gunplay atmosphere choice of weapons and music are amazing I seriously recommend you giving this game a try and wrighting a review because the devs are very active and will probably see your review. (also there is an achievment for watching the credits 10/10 would see devs again).
76561198209237759,Recommended,242860,31813315,Posted: 17 May,all,Piggieon42,I love the way people fly around in the trenches.
,Recommended,242860,8219022,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,JVZI,"Really fun game, would recommend to anyone who likes games like Battlefield 1943"
,Recommended,242860,8217135,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Geios...Kweh?,Holy crap this game.  Pretty much RO2 but in WWI with trench warfare and♥♥♥♥♥♥  Phun as ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,242860,8473950,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AlexPeterson09,"This game is quite the powder keg, if ya know what I mean. It would be cool if the developers who started this were called the Black Hand, but they arn't so whatever the game is pure diamond. The grenades suck, which explains how Franz escaped the first time, what a dingus for driving in a cheap car that stalls amiright.png Just goes to show, American made cars are 100% better than those early industrialization south Serbian patty wagon nonsense they called cars. Poor Sophie though :( #RIP #Sophie1914"
,Recommended,242860,16954777,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,iRideLlamaz,"One of the Best ,BEST FPS games I've played."
76561198156906866,Recommended,242860,16682398,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,gamingolympian42,Amazing WW1 shooter sim. When the time comes to go over the top you need to. If not you will be doin' it wrong. (Jk but seriously charge it's half the fun) The grenades explode all around you gun fire leads the way and you can have some amazing moments in the game. If you have a beyonet you can stab the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people at close quarters. If you have a shovel or knife you can beat or stab them to death very diverse combat and good registration of the bullets in the hitbox. The enviroments are very diverse. Anywhere from lush forests to deserted wasteland. Choose you're faction with either the British or French or the Kaisers very own German Infantry. This game demonizes neither side and is very brutal and fun. If you like brutal warfare then you should get this game. (Or if you're just a shooter fan who likes history).
76561198033802696,Recommended,242860,16688095,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DirtyLlama,"This game will challenge you, but so long as you have patience and the willingness to keep playing. You will conquer it and have nothing but fun. Even amidst the tantrums you will have from time to time. (Recommend deep breaths and soothing music. ;)."
,Recommended,242860,16655193,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FAKE NEWS,Realy a great game!
,Recommended,242860,16625379,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nate,GoodGame
,Recommended,242860,18935546,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Dolphin,"This game is not a modern setting, it has nothing to do with Mulsim extremists. And still... My teammates type in chat 'ALLAHUAKBAR' as they start an attack."
76561197983778541,Recommended,242860,19237203,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Rongor,"I played several FP-shooters in the past. It started with the Counterstrike legacy of the late 90s and ended with the recent Battlefield-crap.Verdun beats them all.This FPS, despite being of rather simple gameplay, surpasses all the other modern FPS games by far. You don't have to unlock gazillions of equipment, you also don't care for kill/death fame.It is about teamplay, and although most FPS claim to be about teamplay, this one is one of the few which actually achieved that goal.The scenario of WW1 is also unique, you will experience how few value your live has, compared to the advance of your team. You will die a lot.This is actually the only game in which you are allowed to die frequently but at the same time can achieve great rewards.You will die a dozen times until you manage to reach the enemy trench. Your heart will beat like a hammer when you feel the excitement radiating through all your body in the moment you jump into that trench. What will await you there?. There is that guy in the distant, covered in a gas cloud. Is he friendly or the enemy? You don't know. He also doesn't. Decent tension.You will experience how rewarding it feels to be the only one of your team who managed it to enter the enemy trench. You will pray for your team mates coming to your help. Or will the enemy find you first, covering behind a pile of sandbags?Imagine yourself walking freely among the enemy team in their trench. You wear a different uniform but in the heat of the battle, somehow nobody takes notice of you. All of them are busy staring across the berm towards the trench of your team. You stab those poor guys one by one with your bayonet. And clear the whole trench. Endless excitement!Imagine you playing dead on the floor when those hordes of intruders killed all your mates and spread into your trench. Will they notice you? Or will you manage to stay alive so that your entire squad can spawn around you?Verdun is never boring. There is also a decent community playing this game. Probably because all the kiddos are busy with CoD and BF, you will meet mostly gentle and adult people in Verdun. So the chances to find some guys in your team really willing to act as a team is remarkably high.Also the devs are very present. You might even meet them on the servers and shoot them from time to time. I play Verdun since July 2014 and experienced the devs in constant dialogue with the community since then. Thus the support has been of ongoing quality and a calm down of issueing patches or the implementation of new maps, weapons and other ideas is not in sight.Verdun is easily the best FPS experience I ever had. I don't even like FPS any more (growing old) but I will play Verdun until it ceases to exist."
,Recommended,242860,19241188,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,MrNockz✔,This game has a lot of potential.
,Recommended,242860,19258452,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Jorry,"Verdun is an entirely different kind of FPS. Although most of them these days are merely running and gunning, Verdun makes one learn that stealth and hiding are key to survival when on the Western Front. Death is fast and brutal, and one must learn to accept this to improve. Besides gameplay, this game creates an astounding atmosphere. Whether it is the gas called in by your NCO, or the weapons, the feeling is palpable. I would recommend this to any FPS fan. It is a break of fresh air in a world of copy-and-paste games."
76561197989503278,Recommended,242860,19259333,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Lieutenant A.W. Holmes,"The only real good first world war FPS out there that isn't a mod for something dated. sure, its got a few bugs but the team seem to do regular updates so its well looked after.The gameplay is different to other FPS and you have to take time to adjust to the games speed particularly if your used to something like CoD.It feels similar to Red Orchestra but with more refined controls and more immersive environments.I would give it a 8/10I'm a sucker for this game because I'm a re-enactor and live for this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,242860,24091687,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Willbo,"Fantastic, immersive and realistically gritty game with a good depth of skill. Worth a shot if you're waiting for battlefield 1 (and replacement if it flops). This is a brilliant game for a reasonable small budget and one of the few successful titles to come out of early access! A few minor bugs but nothing that cannot be fixed."
,Recommended,242860,18463787,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,*La Poutine à DeeZoo,"If you are Canadian, you can get a trench club and a handful of grenades. And grenades are fun, they blow things (germans) up.Blowing things up is fun. This game is fun."
76561198026760085,Recommended,242860,18005327,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Shogan,By far its own Type of game. Best WW1 game out there that I know of. Love ducking my head down in the trenches while my best friends run over the walls and get shot. So much fun!!!! not being sacarstic tho. One time my squad was running to the enenmy trench when we were gased. We put our gas masks on and started to crawl on the ground so we couldnt be seen and shot. Told my buddy to make an honorable sacrifice and run into the trench with a grenade cocked!! Welp he ended killing 8 enemies and we manage to capture the trench and win. Quite fun if u love the attack and defense and run around alot kind of game i give it a 9/10 and would recommend it if u like GOOD fps shooters
,Recommended,242860,18009783,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,amw0bot_,"After about 4 days of playing this game, I think I can give a somewhat review.There's no doubt this game will make you die, and die, and die, over and over again. However, while doing that, it gives you the feel of a real soldier tryign to stay alive in a gruesome battle. Let me give you my personal experience.*Spawns.**Hears gunshots everywhere, rushes to cover.**Running through a trench, when suddenly a dickball goes afk.**Stuck in trench.**Mortar strike, gets ded.*11/10 would die because of AFK teammate again.*UPDATE*With the new expansion, hell; this game is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING.NOT ONLY ARE THE NEW MAPS BOSS.AND THE ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING NEW WEAPONS.BUT,THERE ARE ACTUALLY PEOPLE WHO PLAY THIS NOW!THERE IS CO-OP,ANYTHING YOU CAN IMAGINE.HOLY HELL BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198066930718,Recommended,242860,18060278,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,MINCE PIES ALL MIGHTY,"This game is incredibly realistic and fun to play ,the detail is amazing and i much enjoy it"
76561198192954422,Recommended,242860,17088658,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,The_Happy_Mafia,"Good ol' effective trench warfare!Whats not to love about having your head blown off from across the map by someone you cannot possibly hope to see? or having your guts spilled by a bayonet because your team mates failed to mention you had been out flanked? or whats more fun than raging and quiting the game after the sixteenth time you were spawn killed? NOTHING that's what!11/10not bad, would trench again."
,Recommended,242860,17085589,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,alexanderink,HOLY... CRAP!!! ONE OF THE GREATEST FPS IN EXISTENCE!!!
,Recommended,242860,17062873,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Colonel Philip,"After playing just two hours of this game, I already am shell shocked. I have never hated artillery so much in my life, before I have played this game. 10/10 Would ignore the Reviews and have PTSD again.P.S: Seriously, everytime it's our team, they can't hit the broad side of a barn. But when it's their team?! They're like goddamn Rambo on steroids!"
76561198161387418,Recommended,242860,17315583,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Foward for the Emperor,"Verdun is a very unique fps, let me start of by saying in you first couple of hours playing you kill to death ration will be somthing like 3:50, every action a player new to this game will result in death. Thats what makes this game special, I dont care how good you are at 360 no-scoping in COD, Battle field or even at playing realistic games like ARMA or inurgency this game sets all players at an equal level where they all have to practice, die, think, repeat untill they get good at it. When you finally get a fair amount of kills the felling is soo god its worth the billions of hours you have speant waiting to respawn.The player progression system is very good as well becuse a level 1 player is not too far off a level 100 player and can still beat him as the perks are fair and allow for balanced gamleplay. Teamwork is absolutley vital, as soon as i started following my squad my deaths went down drastically.But what makes this game so great is the realism beyond the shooting/bullet system. The maps look and feel real, you can hear the clunking of mugs and pans in you pack pack, the squish of wet mud under you feet, the dead horses and men litter the battle field along with abandoned equipment and enthrenchments lost to mud. Artillerly impacts scatter body parts, mud , and objects across the field. This game perfectly recreates the bloodiest war in our history, the death system is very quick and clean, no kill cams or dramatic deaths, you body simply slumbs to the floor, you could be running along with you squad, hear a burst of machine gun fire to look back and see them gone, just like that. It makes you think. The weapons, battle fields and uniforms and very well reaserched and accurate, you weapon will occasionally even hav weapon jams leaving screaming in pain at you monitor as you die becuse you couldn't get your weapon clear in time and got stabbed in the face.  This game does make you feel as close to the horrors of WW1 as you will want to get.Finally this game requires no addional payment, no DLC, no money to get a half decient weapon. All the updates are free and the game is always getting better.Get Verdun, and you will die more times than you care to count, scream and cry at your PC for days on end but when the hard work pays off you will think this game should be worth £50."
76561198116610589,Recommended,242860,24192608,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mumphis,Joined a random squadSpawned prone in waterdrowned within 5 seconds9/10too much water
76561198000456529,Recommended,242860,24552259,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Magnetic Genetics,"TL;DR 10/10 would gas more huns, then beat them to death with a makeshft wooden club as I am spamming nades in no particular direction all the while saying ""I'm so sorry.""Srsly buy the game you idiots."
,Recommended,242860,25565074,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,caraminne,"No horses you can repair with wrench.Tactics, tactics everywhere.You stand and die.Only if you could report hackers. You can't.9/10"
76561198030088631,Recommended,242860,23264440,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Old Spice Arab Blocker™,PTSD sim
76561198045224089,Recommended,242860,24488686,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,A moose,"So, let's get started with this review the game is called verdun it is placed in a WW1 Shooter with infantry based mapsIt's fun as hell when you get the hang of it and after all It's realistic :o This means one of the first realistic WW1 Infantry shooters out there!So let's begin with the pro's and cons shall we?Pro's:-The guns all have their purposes unlike some games....-You can mostly get a good team and PLAY like a TEAM!-One of the nicest community's i've seen!-It's hella fun-Cons:-I have encountered random crashes-For some people they don't like getting almost 1 shotted which happens (not me)-Some weapons too overpowered and some under-GlitchesThat was it, i do recommend after all since it's a super fun game, go soldier, and don't run out of the trenches like an idiot!"
,Recommended,242860,24080363,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,NeS |Manity| Sanity,>Be new recruit>See giant white arrow saying move here>Reach the point but also see the bodies of what i can hope are enemy bits>Green gas is dropped on my location>Scram to find gas mask>Realize i should've read controls and die of chloride>Thoughts of giving up linger>Sit back and watch team push>Lvl 100 vet runs in enemy trench with club beating the nazi ♥♥♥♥♥ to death>Team of mostly snipers finally move position>Game becomes Draw10/10 Would club again
,Recommended,242860,24086595,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Waddup,Awesome game!> was in trench> heard attack signal> get out of trench> run as fast as i can> killed by someone> respawn> run again but now used cover> got to enemy positions> burned by german soldier10/10 will get burned again
76561198216344847,Recommended,242860,22755537,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Misterkaboomy,"A great concept, WW1 is a relm little explored in the FPS genre, but it could definitly br executed better. don't get me wrong, I love Verdun and all its qwirks, but give this game to a total n00b or a pr0 and they'll look at you funny"
,Recommended,242860,25371229,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,LVCX,better than battlefield 1
76561198086752613,Recommended,242860,23208383,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Lockbody123,"This Game is amazingIt is so much Fun sitting in the Trenches, hoping to not get shot and then Counter-Attack. But i really hope that they are going to add some kind of Mini Campaign, Bot Battles or a new Modus where there just 1 Fraction per Side."
76561198028966634,Recommended,242860,25612339,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,TheSnvMan,better than battlefield 1 (seriously) more realistic
,Recommended,242860,23673408,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Anonymoose (匿名-驼鹿),Honestly one of my favorite games. I could play this for hours on end and still enjoy every moment of it. I honestly dont know what else to say besides what I said before and if you're looking for an old style game (WW1) then you'll love this.
,Recommended,242860,22379489,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,REAL HUMAN BEAN,Best Devs ever.Seriously buy this.
76561198074131738,Recommended,242860,22379926,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Tom,10/10 best ww1 trench warframe multiplayer game there is
,Recommended,242860,24490997,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Bomber Harry,Battlefield 1 without the Black People
76561198225714072,Recommended,242860,23851419,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AmericanTrad,"This game is an example of a very well made game, by developers with a very limited budget."
76561198054757115,Recommended,242860,23517241,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Gesäßhusten,Awesome Game with nice logic mechanics. Love it
,Recommended,242860,25278768,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,OG Gold Ranger,Great game to play with frineds if you wanna joke around or play seriously puts alot more skill into the a firefight
,Recommended,242860,25481971,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,General Henri Guisan,"This game actualy is realistic, not a 100 % but, 85%.You are not a super soldier. Just a guy that had to join, he just knows how to shoot, and that's it. No running 5 kilometers without a stop. Getting hit one time is enoughf to get you killed and dye slowly on the grownd, crying and calling your mama, It makes me feel bad for killing sometimes. And sometimes, I do get stressed and get to realize how aweful this might be. You sometimes just get to crawl to the other trenche to avoide enemy fire."
76561198134051139,Recommended,242860,22327189,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,The Borg,"This is one of those games that follows the trend of ""fun to play, hard to master"". Despite this fact it is spectacularity enjoyable. I recommend this game to people who have the time and energy to really invest in it. You have to level up and progress, and improve your weapon classes.This game is very fun and, like the description says merciless,"
76561198013999640,Recommended,242860,30693751,Posted: 23 March,all,Drtybukskin,Great game! A bit glitchy some times but has its own pace.
,Recommended,242860,19227698,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Equaliser,"For an indie game, I had low expectatiosn however this game achieves a feat which some A sometimes AAA Developers can't acheive.....a stable, bugless, optimised, fun, its historical and complete game.I haven't encoutered any bugs so far but still its outstanding that in this day and age an indie developer can make a bugless game whilest some AAA developers can't.It is stable it hasn't crashed on me once even when i really tanked my computer it still didn't crash even when i got it after it was released from early access it didn't crash. Still i stress again its amazing that an indie developer can create a stable game at launch whilst AAA developers cannot.Its optimised, i haven't had a frame drop once (only with latnecy but thats because of where i'm situated in the world) and they are still putting effort into optimising the game. I further iterate, its amazing how an indie devleoper can optimse a game so well whilest AAA developers cannot.Its fun, its essentailly Ro2 with less realism in the sense of bullet drop, being wounded and a few other aspects. Though you don't get imerssed aswell in Verdun as in Ro2. However its still enjoyable no need for serious grinding or pay walls it is wonderful to play.Its historical, as a histroy buff in games  set in the past i constantly point out the historical inaccuracy in these games. However i haven't felt the need to in this game the weapons are all in the correct setting.  The weapons are on the correct sides and all play very nicely. The type of artillery, uniforms and buffs increase as your sqaud progresses but for the time period of tech the progression reaches to the artillery maches and so with the uniforms.Its complete it dosen't feel as if more needs to be added for me yet they're adding more to the game, conistantly updating it, patching it, optmising it, adding new maps, adding new weapons, adding new sides and listening to the communities feedback and input. Again its outsanding that an indie developer can do this instead of a AAA developer."
,Recommended,242860,30641154,Posted: 20 March,all,Ludex,you can gas people
76561198094167552,Recommended,242860,17050581,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,The Blue Cyclone,fun when the  maps dont crash and fun if a mg dosent camp ur spawn but it is still fun to charge with a lee enfield into to a gased tremch and shot every one but y is there no austrohungary they had the coolesat rifles and mgs. it is a great game overall though in a underrated  genre
76561198052168038,Recommended,242860,25368410,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Filip21fb,"If you are looking for an authentic WW1 experience, with all things that were part of the Great War including TRENCHES (right battlefield?). Then this game is ment for you."
,Recommended,242860,25349598,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lil' Chigga,"I was playing the Battlefield 1 beta and thought to myself ""Why am I not playing Verdun instead of this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""Verdun is funmore so than Battlefield One"
,Recommended,242860,24668363,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Chrysler.exe,This game gave me PTSD
76561198045965171,Recommended,242860,24777024,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Robo-Spaghetti Mafia Brigade,"A truly great shooter and about as close to a WWI simulator as you can possibly get without five hundred guys on a server. Grab a few friends, form a squad and then go ham- as an FYI, you can make insanely long squad names. If you ever see the Royal Canadian Trench Club Police Squad Club (one of the classes available to the Canadian squad is literally a club and five grenades, and it is fabulous), then you'll know you've found me. Besides that, it really is an awesome shooter, requiring teamplay and rewarding intelligent play. I highly recommend this game, with my only complaint being that the menu is a little awkward to navigate."
,Recommended,242860,24982376,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,shane12404,Better than Battlefield 1 in terms of realism.
76561198101337381,Recommended,242860,22350500,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Reaper1Actual,Very good WWI game. Best WWI game I've ever played!
76561198007706995,Recommended,242860,22350652,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Fuels_of_War,"A brief account of my Verdun experience:-Recieve order to attack enemy trenchline-Hop out of foxhole, rush enemy trench-Along with 4 other French teammates, get gunned down by German MGs-Respawn, rush out of foxhole again-Successfully kill German soldiers after getting into trench-Kill 2 more German fighters, then bayonet another one running at me-Ten seconds from capturing trench-At 4 seconds, get hit with a mortarWould rate as:5 German Trenchlines/5 German Trenchlines"
,Recommended,242860,22745594,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Roadworx,"This game is hard as hell. You need to be crouched or prone at all times or else you'll get shot by a sniper. And if you think you can take more than one bullet, oh no. This aint no CoD or Battlefield; one bullet from a rifle and you're dead. And just to make matters worse, half the time you don't even know what killed you.Despite this, it's really fun. Teamwork is pretty damn important, so you'll want to get some friends. Because of how much you'll die, it's even more rewarding to finally get a kill after getting shot and blown up five times in a row. Every weapon also feels great. Each one feels powerful, heavy, and packs a blow. Really, all this game needs is bots, 64 player support, and a crapton of more maps, and it'll be perfecto."
76561198006682407,Recommended,242860,22836731,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Helljumper Max,"Die by the thousands over mud and blooked soaked trenches. 10/10A great, methodical and squad based tactical fps that really sits in a category of its own."
,Recommended,242860,24081236,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,George W. Kush,"Verdun is amazing, although it has mediocre graphics and sound - the gameplay is amazing. As what I believe to be the only WWI FPS, Verdun does not need a competitor, unless you want a more arcadey feel, like a Call of Duty title. The gameplay is very interesting, it covers a small sector of a front, with a max of 32 players. Different squads have different weapons and abilities and are able to voice chat with each other. Some can call in gas while others call in recon planes. It is skill based and there are no OP unlocks, just weapons good if used right. A shovel or knife is great at clearing out a trench, while a machine gun can kill an entire wave of retreating enemies. One of my only complaints on the actual quality of the gameplay is how lax the balancing system is. It asks ""can you please switch to Axis/Entente powers to make the game balanced"" If nobody wants to switch it will stay that way the entire game. If it were up to me the squad with the fewest people on the overpowered team should be disbanded and sent to the other team. Another problem is the amount of U.S. squads, there needs to be a limit, because everyone spams the U.S. Marines, even though they're terrible and have nothing good, because they're American. Either remove one or both of the U.S. Squads or put in a system to limit the amount of U.S. squads. The British, French and Belgians won the war, not the U.S.Overall, Verdun is a solid game with great gameplay, but with  squad and team balance issues and the graphics and sound are meh. I'd give it a 7.5/10 Definitely buy this if you enjoy WWI or want something a little new to play."
,Recommended,242860,24085129,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,PlebSlayer?,*Almost* everything i wanted in a WWI MP FPS. Everthing except a realistic Flamethrower.. *Cough nerf the Wex Cough*
,Recommended,242860,23993782,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,clear_haze,"Great game that is historically accurate. You will crawl in a trench. You will crawl in a bomb shell crater. You will get stuck in barbed wire. You will get gassed. You will die.... a lot. Make sure you turn ""gore""  all the way up in the graphical settings. It defaults to ""no gore"" for some reason."
76561198072316945,Recommended,242860,23663035,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MaximumOverdrive,"I have about 7 hours put into this game, and I can personally say that this game was worth every penny. Ive had this game for a while now, since I built my PC, about 6 months roughly. Ive seen multiple versions of the game, by that i mean  before and after patches. There is one thing that I can say about it off the bat though, and its the kind of game that is better in short bursts. Even with that in mind, its still a great game. Most matches, about 95%, will end in a draw. However, this doesnt bother me personally, or others that I have played with even. Its all about the experience and it is safe to say that this game does a very good job at getting you into the mood of the first World War. That is, little to no ground to be made or lost. In terms of optimization, the creators have done an amazing job at making it run smoothly, while looking great at the same time. I can say from a personal experience that when i first played this game, about 6 months ago roughly, that this was a completely different story. I can consitantly get a high framerate now, usually above 100 fps, on very high. The movement in the game is a little clunky in my opinion. It just feels off at time, mainly when you first start playing, but after playing for about 5 minuets you get used to it. The only other negative that comes to mind is that there really is no auto-balance that I have noticed. There is a message from the server that tells the lobby the teams are unbalanced. 9/10 times the players will switch off to make it more fair, but if one team is dominating the other, which doesnt happen to offten for when I play thankfully, then there is no chance that anyone will switch. This is to be expected though.My final thoughts on the game are very positive. I am a sucker for historical war shooters like this, so if you are too then that will make this game even more enjoyable. The price they ask for this game is very reasonable in my opinion, the developers have been supporting this game with constant patches and free maps, which gives them bonus points for me. Obviously if you can get this game on sale then you definetly should.  I just hope that this game doesnt get abandoned after Battlefield 1 comes out, cause itd be a shame."
76561198059546357,Recommended,242860,23669642,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Spastic,"Great, realistic WW1 feeling"
76561198028053856,Recommended,242860,23674980,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Smolin,"Verdun is a great game that produced the longing I now feel for World War 1 shooters.>told to charge>yolo.jpeg>die immediately and don't know where from>wash, rinse, repeatLove it"
76561198028051277,Recommended,242860,23676568,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BuliwyfZRage,"War never felt so good.Feels just like in reallife, I never try to show myself from the Crowd."
76561198080233085,Recommended,242860,24064411,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,some funny profile name,Shell Shock simulator 201610/10
,Recommended,242860,24125010,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nitrous Oxide [1stNJ(Co.A)],"great game, very spooky at times"
76561198058062584,Recommended,242860,24126212,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ancient tech user,"I would recomend this game to just about anyone who likes shooting. if you get shot, your dead, if you shoot someone their dead, attacking an enemy trench is a pain, and defending agaisnt level 70+ is nearly impossible without a 3-1 advantage or your own level 70's. the best part is that someone who has just picked up the game can have exactly the same loadout as a level 100, meaning that anyone of a high level is a skilled player not a pay to player."
76561198013745893,Recommended,242860,24128396,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,God Awful.,"The pressure of taking cover in a narrow foxhole,  the anxiety of running through the enemy trenches hoping you don't get shot.     All of it has an authenticity I haven't felt in a video game for a long time,   if not ever."
76561198033861125,Recommended,242860,24285488,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,OurThousandFighters,This portrays The Great War very accurately and it's extremly fun. Battlefield 1 is going to be epic but Verdun will probably end up still being the best WWI shooter to take the cake!
76561198028706268,Not Recommended,242860,17868752,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,[][][][][],"When this game works it gives an incredible World War I experience, but it crashes every 5-15 minutes"
,Recommended,242860,21430197,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,mongchilde,"As a tester for this game, I know this game pretty damn well.But I digress, would I recommend this game?Yes.Why?Because it's unique, it's experimenting in a boggy area in terms of fps games, but it pulls it off, very well may I add.In terms of gameplay, it comes in with solid shooting mechanics that get accompanied with a HUGE variety of weapons, including knives, gas, and artillery.Graphics hold up well, and the game is still being developed, so there will be changes.Maps couldn't be better, they flow well, in all game modes, for example in Rifle Deathmatch there can be some tense and scary moments. They also look downright fantasticThere is a motive to keep playing as you can unlock new weapons with points you earn whilst playing, as well as leveling up your squadtype to give you more late war uniforms and new abilities.Finally, my hat goes off to the Devs, for a small team they're doing a fantastic job, and they do listen to the community A LOT. it's also interesting to play with them ingame.If you want a one of a kind slightly more realistic shooter set in WW1, then buy it."
76561198041535472,Recommended,242860,32756821,Posted: 24 June,all,I cant believe Im not better,"Great WW1 trench game. Nothing like BF1 but that's what I like about it, it feels more WW1 like."
76561198019077196,Recommended,242860,12395008,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Mr.Sloopy,"It's good. One of the few World War 1 games out there. I think they should have used the red orchestra engine, it would have givin it a much more realistic feel. Only 32 people per server, hope they fix that. Overall good game, good graphics."
,Recommended,242860,32216777,Posted: 6 June,all,BUNNYBOILER,thought i'd try the free trial after around 20 minutes thought sod this im buying this & im loving the game what a gem
76561198019235222,Recommended,242860,32872775,Posted: 27 June,all,Red sun,Died crying for mother.
,Recommended,242860,32907025,Posted: 27 June,all,AmusedKakashi,"One of the best fps avaible even after 2 years. The only thing I need to complain is about the ""Post Process"" in the graphics , those options take a big deal of the GPU even though the graphics aren't last generation (they are still awesome, althought not as good as BF1 for example). BF1 and COD could learn a lot from the developers of this game, since they still take great care of it and the price is accessible for most people."
76561198254778250,Recommended,242860,32907294,Posted: 27 June,all,Rusty Shackleford,"Absolutely fantastic game, great attention to detail, amazing gameplay. This is hands down one of the best first person shooter games I have played, in fact probably one of the best games I have played in general. Over all 12/10. Absolutely would reccomend."
,Recommended,242860,17419254,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,NFiNiTi but with a low res pic,AMAZING
76561198132473035,Recommended,242860,25470397,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mark,"Great game best ww1 fps game, needs more of it."
,Recommended,242860,28922917,Posted: 1 January,all,David Guntherr,"the game is good but all servers exept eu and usa is empty, and i currently live in singapore so i have to connect to eu servers and get a high ping and that is very annoying"
76561198147893639,Recommended,242860,28935051,Posted: 2 January,all,Hevder,Very nice game! There are some bugs but a very realistic fps ww1 game.
,Recommended,242860,32100063,Posted: 31 May,all,RichieX1 [7CMBG],Very Fun
,Recommended,242860,32971158,Posted: 28 June,all,Pain Enforcer ™,best ww1 shooter out there
,Recommended,242860,33138334,Posted: 2 July,all,Kenshi_Furude,Great....Just...Just great...If you want realistic WW1 buy this not Battlefield 1!
,Recommended,242860,33106027,Posted: 1 July,all,Тачанка,Very cool game.
76561198145523126,Recommended,242860,33254059,Posted: 4 July,all,MilkyToes,1. Buy game.2. Load into match with friends.3. Run up to a trench and jump in but get sniped mid air.4. Snipe at one guy for 3 minutes trying to hit him before he kills you.5. Realize you aren't good at this game and play something else.
76561198338082991,Recommended,242860,33255058,Posted: 4 July,all,Showmae,10/10 would play baguette sniper again
76561198381194749,Recommended,242860,33299372,Posted: 5 July,all,FrostBite Poductions,"Very fun, Realistic etc, Would recommend it."
76561198295159111,Recommended,242860,33302890,Posted: 6 July,all,[YOLO]LarfG,"Yes. This is a World War one shooter.But this shooter focuses in realism, not like battlefield 1's arcade-ish gameplayYou'll probably rage within the first few mins but you will get the hang of itOptimization is okay. It runs good on my potato-8.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,33325257,Posted: 6 July,all,VEHAS CSOFFER.ME,good♥♥♥♥♥♥GAS IN THE TRENCHES
,Recommended,242860,33329191,Posted: 6 July,all,RonMySon,Move... DieDon't move... DieAttack... DieDefend... DieAquire a machine gun and think youre unstoppable... DieA brilliant game
,Recommended,242860,33035764,Posted: 30 June,all,DiscJockey 🎧,nice
76561198060467691,Recommended,242860,33249743,Posted: 4 July,all,Attila23,"Got this game for 5 euro, best bargain of the year for me.The game looks good and runs great. The gameplay is slow, tactical and brutal as a ww1 shooters should be. The population playing the game is healty and the servers run good. What else do you need??? :D"
76561198039953874,Recommended,242860,33341529,Posted: 7 July,all,Patto_505,"Best shooter I have come across on Steam. A bit of a learning curve, but very rewarding when you finally string everything together. Great damage model, great graphics, and will run on a lower end machine. The only thing I would like is to see more people online (However, the devs can hardly help that). Highly recommend to players into WW1 or more authentic shooters."
76561198236109378,Recommended,242860,33199050,Posted: 3 July,all,frozenchickenmaster,this is one of the best games I ever playedvery realisticlord kitchener approves
,Recommended,242860,28802659,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Muco,LosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLosLos
76561198164458673,Recommended,242860,23574769,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Djones735,one of the best and few ww1 games out there
,Recommended,242860,18961749,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,~{1E}~Spartan8618,"It's a fun game, if I had to make a comparasion to another game it would be Red Orchestra. Both games you die very easily and are hard to master, yet are very satisfying ."
,Recommended,242860,26959116,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MTate,"At first, the gameplay of a FPS WWI game to me was going to be incredibly boring because you just stay in trenches and shoot at each other from opposite sides using bolt action rifles. Verdun proved me wrong. This game is dedicated to giving players a realistic experience of trench warfare. You can experience charging from your trench to the enemy trench facing machine gun fire and artillery dropping on your sides. You can also do the same to the enemy that's charging to your trench. I never expected this WWI game to be this fun. The devs are devoted to making the game as historically accurate as possible. The weapons in this game are amazing. From the design to the sound it makes. This game is truly special. You will never get an authentic WWI experience in BF1. If you love WWI, this is the game for you!"
76561198162629192,Recommended,242860,33455003,Posted: 11 July,all,Catden,One of my favorite games. Please note this is not COD or battlefield it has a much slower gameplay. However it is not Red Orchestra or a uber realistic game like that. To me it is a perfect blend of realism and gameplay.
76561198108213268,Recommended,242860,31403605,Posted: 27 April,all,ast4255,Best ww1 game i've ever played
76561198165332632,Recommended,242860,32393476,Posted: 13 June,all,HerbTheSock,"This game is a WWI simulator. Slow paced combat, mainly bolt action rifles, and reloading is slower too. This game is hard to start out with as bullets will fly by and you will be wondering ""HOW"" and ""WHAT"". After even my little amount of hours, you start to understand the game and it gets much more interesting as a game. Most weapons are one shot one kill as it should be in a realistic game, There can be up to 4 squads per team (8 total and 32 player max in a server). Each squad has some sort of Corporal, the leader who can call gas strikes and mortar strikes, some sort of rifle man, the generic player with an average rifle and sometimes a pistol, bayonet, and 1 other weapon, or gadget with them, a grenaider, has grenades and either a rifle, pistol, or a melee weapon, and then either some sort of flamethrower soldier with a flamethrower, or a machine gunner who needs to mount the machine gun to shoot the gun. Overall, this game is very good, but very hard and slow paced. As for the price, it should be 15-20 USD, but it could be much worse in price and I totally recomend this game to anyone who likes WWI and just slower paced shooting games in general."
,Recommended,242860,28465932,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,VladAndrew,"A very nice game. It is extremely immersive, you actually feel like a soldier during WW1, machineguns, bayonets, trenches, charges. I cannot complain but i can say that it is not smooth enough ( it is also a little buggy). This is the best and the most realistic WW1 game that has ever been made, 8/10 i'd say."
,Recommended,242860,32107214,Posted: 1 June,all,ol1ver_lmao,"Solid FPS WW1 experience, really captures the horrors of Trench warfare incredibly! A recommendation for any seasoned FPS fan or history buff."
,Recommended,242860,32108197,Posted: 1 June,all,King Of Laggy Games,"its a nice game, it has potato graphics, but its really not an issue since the gameplay is authetic to how trench warfare wouldve been back in ww1"
76561198095516074,Recommended,242860,30331708,Posted: 4 March,all,The Legendarys of Ducks,I died alot
76561198046616430,Recommended,242860,25859149,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,The Plug,Battlefield 1? Pfft play a real WW1 game like Verdun.
76561198057916174,Recommended,242860,31518152,Posted: 2 May,all,Autismo Monkey Boy,"Dying simulatorIn all seriousness, this is one of the best realistic ww1 games out there, great gore, and a fun coop gamemode. If you aren't into being a lone sniper on a hill surrounded by enemies, grab some friends and have a blast fending off the hoards."
,Recommended,242860,22190406,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,RANE♂NEXT♂DOOR,"Cool meme game, be prepared to have it break on linux for over a week after a major patch though."
,Recommended,242860,33283929,Posted: 5 July,all,hoot-deflector,Nice and realistic WW1 game.. but hitboxes is pretty weird sometimes.
,Recommended,242860,33219758,Posted: 4 July,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,> Hey look no bullet sounds> Sticks head up.> DED
,Not Recommended,242860,24335954,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Donnie,"I havemixed feelings, in the beginning I enjoyed this game a lot. Now after a few days playing Im getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when I get sometimes almost instantly executed for desertion, killed while retreating, killed when I just retreated and the enemy is in our lines (while I always get executed for it) and many many spawnkills. The spawnkilles are even worse than me expirience in COD or CSGO by both enemy soldiers and those mortars.Some say the maps are Amazing, again I seem to be the only one who cant see anyone (playing Ultra Settings - 80-100 FPS - 1600x1080 resolution or something) buyt again get sometimes almost instantly killed when I peak. And no Im not that obvious guy standing on the edge of the trenches.Another point that really confused me and still bothers me is 1. the colors in the kill feed. The grey and blue .. Ok who is who ? I dont understand much of it and sometimes also hard to recognize your enemies from allies in the trenches. Maybe because im not one of those 'war interests' cause in chat they all seem to have no problems, again.Also the squad system is so incredibly unclear for new players. I have lots of trouble creating and managing my own squad. Its just a huge unexplained mess to me.Gonna give this Thumbs Down for now, hopefuly this can change."
,Recommended,242860,27192642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CJ4000live,World War 1 done right! Trust me!
76561198120938845,Recommended,242860,29682050,Posted: 3 February,all,Dave the Great,"as of writing i have 37 hours in the game, although i know i will put more in...Pros:it hasnt gotten old yet and usually updates so there is always something different about it.the community is pretty devoted.the game play itself is pretty addictive.the amount of classes makes you want to unlock them all just to see their loadout""super"" realistic (it just 1 hit kills and stuff) and is pretty hardcorehistorical accuracy is +Acons:no real reason to be a team/squad playersounds arent greatits a ♥♥♥♥♥ to run (fps)slow progression if you arent good at shooterthe graphics look ok, not amazing but i can barely run it (my pc is good enough to run gtav)a lot of bugs, none to major but theyre still annoyingoverall:its a great shooter if you like hardcore and historicaly accurate games. if i were to buy it again i would wait for a sale just sayin`."
,Recommended,242860,26297343,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Closses,"BEST WW1 GAME EVER!!!!!! SUPER REALISTIC, AND ALWAYS GOOD FUN. (I'M NOT SORRY FOR CAPS) xD"
,Recommended,242860,27431819,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,٧rطa,"If you like FPS and WW 1, this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,242860,28972776,Posted: 3 January,all,Bamboo (Redness),"If you want a realistic WWI shooter, I would pick this up."
76561198067916545,Recommended,242860,22049535,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Zathmo,"This game is great, but the small player base makes the game hard to find players sometimes. The servers only hold 32 people, but if theres any less than that then the battles feel empty. This game truly shines with a full server but isnt worth playing otherwise.Verdun could benefit greatly by using bots to fill up empty space! It would fix the empty feel to the game and could even add a few bots to teams at all times to help make the game come alive. Games like RO2/Rising Storm use bots to fill up empty space. It makes the game more cinematic, and makes it feel more alive. With such a small player base its a wonder that the devs haven't considered putting bots in already.Love this game when I get into full servers, otherwise its boring a mediocre at best. If theres a dev out there reading this, bots will only improve your game! Thats my only complaint, this game is a 10/10 otherwise!"
76561198086923074,Recommended,242860,22615054,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,rugbyerik,Nice game but very hard :D
,Recommended,242860,20399184,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,The Mad Midget,"Excellent game. I haven't played much but I love the game. Graphics are pretty good, weapons are well done, and I love the fact that you hear the crack of a bullet going past you. I would definitely recommend it to another player. And I would love to see a WWII version by the same company as I think they done a great job with Verdun"
76561198077987367,Recommended,242860,25487505,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,regularboy,"This game is probably the best World War Era (WW1 and 2) game I have ever played. It is a much more realistic view of WW1, as opposed to the ""shoot em' up"" nature of Call of Duty or Battlefield. It is, of course, a work in progress, so the gameplay can be a little clunky. This game is also for more patient, experienced players, because it takes a little while to adapt to the controls, and camping/sharpshooters are a constant and sudden threat. If you want a very good, more strategic WW shooter, definately buy this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,242860,28693506,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,taemin,dying simulator
,Recommended,242860,29101803,Posted: 7 January,all,IdiotAboard,"After 20 hours, I think I can safely say i like this game. It's a bit like Rising Storm and Red Orchestra. Especially good with friends"
76561198079857501,Recommended,242860,29106012,Posted: 7 January,all,[CONFIRMING MATCH],it is realy engaging for the player and you make new friends with your mates in the trench
76561198129091328,Recommended,242860,24043450,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Harolds balls,"- STAY LOW- TRY NOT TO MAKE SUDDEN MOVEMENTS- DON'T POP UP IN THE SAME PLACE TWICE- RE-SPAWN & DO IT ALL AGAIN- FOR HONOR!(SCREAMS ECHOING INTO THE DARKNESS)GAME IS CONFUSSING AT THE START HOWEVER, DOESN'T TAKE LONG TO familiarize ONESELF.ALL ROUND BRILLIANT GAME."
76561198025941287,Recommended,242860,11460399,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,MrJagaloon,"I'm going to give my review of the game after spending 6 straight hours playing it.This game is a breath of fresh air. Why you may ask? Because of the core mechanic of the game: Trench warfare. The system of attacking and defending the trenches makes this the best paced multiplayer shooters I have ever played. Thats why I played it for 6 straight hours! It gives this game no stale moment. As soon as you might get bored defending your trench, its time to rush and attack the enemy's.The issue I hear the most is with the net code. No its not perfect. Yes every once in a while you will get shot behind a corner or miss someone you should have got. This is very frustrating and something that must be changed, but at least for me, not a common sight. After looking through the forums and asking a few questions myself, it is clear the devs care about the game. I have no doubt that the net code will get better with time.Please don't let this game pass you by. If you enjoy tactical shooters without the slugishness that usually accompanies them, get this game. However if you are looking for a finished product, wait until the game is release and check it out again.Current rating: 7/10"
76561198073583667,Recommended,242860,19083702,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Fourcoogs,"NOTE: For some reason everytime I start the game, it crashes and tells me a crash folder is next to the games executible. Any help? (I have already contacted the devs on this)My heart pounded as I looked around the cramped, muddy hole I chose as a hiding spot.  Every one who charged with me had been killed.  But I knew I had to do my duty to Deuchtland. ""For the Kaiser."", I quietly muttered to myself the crouched down and started moving through no mans land.  Suddenly a bullet grazed my arm and hit the dirt next to me.  I froze, had I been seen?  But no more bullets came.  I let out a sigh of relief, it was a shot meant for someone else, I just hoped none would ever find them. I then crawled a bit longer when I saw the unmistakeable blue coler of a french soldier's helmet.  I then realized there were five of them.  I quietly took my rifle out and aimed.  I fired the gun quickly killing one then I slowly took them all out.  I then felt a metal blade pierce through my chest.  I had been killed.Such is the way in Verdun.Verdun is a game taking place in WWI in the horrid trenches during the battle of verdun.  The point of this game is to shoot down enemies (with one-shot-dang-insta-kills) and level up and obtain points. You'll be leveling up in whatever way you want/can whether thats you making surgical headshots on your friends, or shooting down countless hordes of Germans, British, or French. All in all the only thing I dislike about this game is the fact that there is no tutorial or bot training mode which, as you may assume, leads to you getting shot down again and again until you know the controls.Just remember soldier, this isnt Halo where some shield will hold your hand, so keep your dang head down!"
76561197989245582,Recommended,242860,23720280,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Uncle Pedo,Good Game
76561198024409136,Recommended,242860,24056371,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Philosophating Phrog,"Absolutely fantastic. Surprised at how much this feels like World War I. Feels gritty and realistic and the limitations of the weaponry and tactics are surprisingly immersive. Trenches and no man's land play active roles in the gameplay as opposed to just being ""there"". The only thing it needs is more troops running around on the battlefield, so buy this game.I've played for only a couple hours so far and I feel like I've got my money's worth.Only problem is balancing issues. Central has way too many guys so the server politely asks a few to switch, now Entente has way too many guys. The server should have a mechanism to prevent this... Also, Unity Engine."
76561198106329196,Recommended,242860,23720448,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Villa Scalleta,"Very very good game, but my main question is, Will this game be free on console to those who bought this game on steam?"
,Recommended,242860,17461881,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Zawazuki,"World War I games are a rarity. Verdun, currently being one of the only, could not have executed it better. I would definitely recommend picking it up if it's on sale."
76561198079363164,Recommended,242860,13101088,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Spodermen,10/10 Best Game 2014Graphics: Real lifeGameplay: Actual warSound: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did a bullet just fly by my head?Fun: 10/10 I got gassed onceControls: Press 4 for gas mask (Save a life and spread this around)
76561198389489746,Recommended,242860,33664400,Posted: 19 July,all,viking1978,Greatest FPS ive ever played 10/10 great game and great community
,Recommended,242860,25428692,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Gay,It is a great WWI fps simulater I been playing this for 2 months and the experience was great they have the same weapons as the real world. And the battlefield and the fighting is almost as ww1.  Although the game in my opinion should be more optimized in the pc version
,Recommended,242860,32783500,Posted: 25 June,all,Ghille,So authentic that my team blamed the French for losing the match.
76561198000171446,Recommended,242860,15601430,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Scyter,"............ Is that an enemy, or a rock? ..................... Hmmmm.............Oh, dead. I guess it was a German. Or a rock with a gun.A fast-paced game about trench warfare, I did not think that possible. And a damn fun one at that. I keep going back to it every day. When I'm sick of shooting at enemies I can't see, I run out there and beat them to death with the mighty shovel. 10/10, would slaughter whole teams with nothing but a shovel again."
76561198028254742,Recommended,242860,23373667,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Beech Booch,Slaughtered over 30 Frenchies with a German machine gun.  Actually had to stop and puke becuase I got sick from mowing down Frenchies.  This game is too real.
76561198079344519,Recommended,242860,32187415,Posted: 4 June,all,Slamotoh,perfect mix of realism and entertainment.
76561198011119013,Recommended,242860,24193532,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TommyR,Just an amazing idea. This game is incedibly immersive and if you like WW1 and FPS this is for you. I think the producers should release new updates or dlc.Thank for your job.
76561198346768175,Recommended,242860,28809392,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,quangthi2002,"Real life shotting , recommend it, great graphic !!"
76561198133759153,Recommended,242860,32195499,Posted: 5 June,all,Leedoubi,this is a very good game.
,Recommended,242860,33206547,Posted: 3 July,all,XinY2K,"Difficult game, doesn't hold your hand like the Call of Duty series, getting shot will more than likely mean death, being careless will probably mean death. Quick reflexes will definitely help, if not required. It all pays off,it's a fun game whether you're on the winning side or the losing side."
,Recommended,242860,20885139,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,tx.outlaw98,"This game is a great match up for people who like FPS, and love history. Verdun combines both very well is has great gameplay and graphics. I only wish it had controller support, and hopefully the developers will look into that, but otherwise it's a great overall game, with plenty of updates yet to come."
76561198115470746,Recommended,242860,32946928,Posted: 28 June,all,Mj.Miller,"good,realistic game"
,Recommended,242860,32949209,Posted: 28 June,all,CommiTzar,"Dont Leave the Trench for any reason, otherwise you are branded a traitor and cowards and shot dead..."
76561198054242472,Recommended,242860,29756462,Posted: 6 February,all,Guthix Jr,"I challenge you to survive through a whole 50+ player sized match without dying once. Best of luck, and no hiding like a coward."
76561198074502922,Recommended,242860,22161190,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,allenmaher,Very nice update to a solid game.
,Recommended,242860,32956326,Posted: 28 June,all,laelath,"Run down a trench, have a mortar fall on your head and die. Slowly sneak across no mans land and get shot by a sniper that you cannot see. Charge the enemy trench with your squad and get slaughtered by the machine gun nest. This game embodies WWI, yet still manages to be an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,242860,33391787,Posted: 8 July,all,Lemonhead7t7,"Very satisfying WW1 bolt action rifle. Broke up with a girl because I just wanted to play this all weekend instead of seeing her, she said ""this is the last straw, sick of you playing that call of duty game."""
76561198062607499,Recommended,242860,31313238,Posted: 22 April,all,Borusse,"Quite possibly the best CQ FPS I've ever played. Great graphics, physics, dynamics and player community."
76561197996398344,Recommended,242860,32094491,Posted: 31 May,all,FreeFloatingHostility,Authentic. Better than BF1
76561197984824750,Recommended,242860,15274521,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,{FOX} Woody,Seldomly do you find games that are set back in this era. Alot of time and effort has been put into the game and it really shows best in the scenery and level of detail. Playing this game was both exciting for both the online gaming and the historical experience. The graphics and level of detail is amazing. There is a slight learning curve to knowing what type of soldier you are and what your role is in game. Of course some of these questions may be answered by a quick search through the steam boards but it would be more user-friendly if more was explained in game. Overall i look forward to the progress of this game and what future content may still yet to come. I hope to see more of my own friends playing too!
,Recommended,242860,14378780,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Franz,"Positives: It gives you that WW1 feeling as your crawling or chargin your way up through trenches. Espacilyl when you get gased or are under an enemy barrage. The guns feel right, I like the speed they turn. I also love the fact that barbed wire actually slows you down, and kills you if you get stuck in it. The graphics are wonderful, and my not so good computer can run them on full with no problem. I also think the fact that there are different types of squads with uniqe abilities, is pretty damn cool. The maps are well made and the frontlines game mode is awesome. I find it realistic that when your attacking and time runs out so you go back to defend, that you could be executed for desertion. I think the gas masks are bad♥♥♥♥♥ I put it on sometimes just for the feel. Over all this is an 7/10 game that needs some improvments, and the things that need improvments are things that just infuriate the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.Negatives: Barb wire, the ultimate bullet blocker. I think it should slow you're bullets not completely stop it. Because I always almost punch out my PC for that♥♥♥♥♥♥ I also hate when your moving, your gun shoots like this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCLXVjHVc5w.AND IT EVEN HAPPENS WHEN YOUR SHIFTING FROM SIDE TO SIDE. I was sitting in my trench ya know, this guy comes along so I do the shuffle he goes the opposite way stand still aiming for my comrade, I stop he is about 1 meter away I aim for his chest, I shoot, nothing. He turns around and shoots me. This is infuriating. Another thing is when your sniping, and someone's entire body is floating in prone. Like when someone with an MG is in prone in a crater shooting at you, his entire waist and up is  straight up in the air. Last thing, sometimes a bullet goes straigh through a few sand bags or comes through the top part of the trench, it hits you and kills you. It is very anoyying please fix or nerf.Still this game is bad♥♥♥♥♥ But the downsides make you furious."
76561198066408927,Recommended,242860,24711379,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Teddy Tommy Ear,"An amazing game that some people say too realistic and unfunny but if you like WW1 and realistic gameplay this is the game for you but you should try to get a squad full of friends so you can get some progression and better ""perks"" that is what I call them so yeah if anyone wants to play with me just ask."
76561198031985581,Recommended,242860,22556046,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,BobaJob,"At first i kept coming back to this game as it had potential but was a bit buggy.It is this point that i want to focus on as the development of the game is something that really shows, sooo much extra content at a cost of ... zero of any currency! In particular recent patches improved the playability of this game immensely.New squads, maps and weapons and a development team that listens to its audience.Well worth a play, particularly if you are into the history of this game, though they bodycount may make you shiver a little...."
76561198084736838,Recommended,242860,24142534,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Vinto12,Rather Smashing
76561198222920708,Recommended,242860,24141848,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Skillerfanboy | Alex,"- started as a german-screamed ,, IM NAMEN DES KAISERS!!!- got hit by a bullet-now im lying next to a dead horse somewhere in france11/ IM NAMEN DES KAISERS"
,Recommended,242860,25292268,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,gluttonousslave,"I am sick of most FPS games.I got really stoaked for Battlefield 1 for a while..... until I saw actual gameplay;yet another automatic weapon death match just like all its predecessors (not to say Battlefield has not had some titles that I have enjoyed in the past, just I wanted the unique feel of a WWI game).I came across Verdun and I am very pleased.+Best Squad-based tactics I have played since Gears of War 1 (I have been playing with mostly randoms since I got the game and most are actually pretty receptive to following the NCO's orders)+The squads/classes are all unique, requiring an adverse range of tactics to counter/use them+Verdun's unique ""desertion"" dynamic keeps the battle constantly shifting between offence/dence for both sides and discourages players from being able to simply circle around the map and shoot every one in the back+The weapons give the game a great deal of authenticity because few are versitle-There should be a voice chat channel for NCOs to speak to each other in order to create a comprehensive battle plan entailing all squads-It is far too easy to unlock every load out for each class (however, the coop exp portion is still very rewarding and unique)-Possible that the player base will die out after this $10 saleIn short, it is obvious that this was a labour of love from the Devs.It is a very unique game which puts a terrific spin on the shooter genre.FOR THE KAISER!!!!!!!"
76561198052991495,Recommended,242860,28017276,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CecilRhodes,Damn fine realistic WW1 shooter. Worth buying at full price.
76561197984387543,Recommended,242860,30347066,Posted: 5 March,all,Mr November,"Verdun - A FPS for people who want a difficult and more realistic shooter.This is not for people who are looking for another Battlefield/CoD clone. Verdun is a gritty game where most people have bolt action rifles, use iron sights, and have to constantly be on the look out for machine gun fire, gas, and artillery bombardment. The developers made Verdun with realism in mind. You adopt a role within a squad and can choose from one of three layouts for that role. The only cons in this game are a severe lack of kicking abusive players."
76561198188110426,Recommended,242860,29362168,Posted: 19 January,all,Mystic,great game if you're looking for that ww1 experiencemore authentic feeling than bf1
76561198146541941,Recommended,242860,30435991,Posted: 10 March,all,Eisotopius,"right chaps, this is it we have orders to make the hit, stick close and use the lewis gun, a creeping barrage will shatter the hun-history bombs"
,Recommended,242860,13697597,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Znettic,"Blast from the past! (Pun intended)Graphics---8/10Skill VS Luck balance---9/10Mortars---100/10Authentic WW1 feel---9/10 (Would be 10 if they really did invent Wack-a-mole from in-war experience)Technicalities and bugs---9/10Overall, get yourself and your worst enemy (yes) a copy and go to town!"
,Recommended,242860,20730359,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Capt.Crit Rocket.exe,"Badass ww1 game, grind like hell if you wanna rank up. If you get enjoyment out of running through no mans land while getting shot at, then this game will give you the trills.Proablly one of the best horror games on steam due to the immersion of sitting in a trench waiting to die."
,Recommended,242860,27623256,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PlayerQWERTY,"Very enjoyable game. It may not look as good as Battlefield 1 or contains as many features, but the amount of realism and intregity that is put into the game definitely makes up for these factors."
76561198100639277,Recommended,242860,28989451,Posted: 3 January,all,DADDY,"great game but a huge learning curve, but if you put the time into it, it will really be all worth it."
,Recommended,242860,28197542,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Harmon,"Been scratching an itch that I've had since ""The Trenches"" hl1 mod lost its playerbase years ago."
76561198038294266,Recommended,242860,28199309,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cthulhu,5 out 5 would die in gas attack again.
76561198329140516,Recommended,242860,28821160,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,JTViper1991,"Now, I'm a World War history nut, so take this review for what it's worth, but I'll say this about Verdun:1. It is phenomenal2. It does with trench warfare what I thought could not be done; create a very playable, entertaining and engaging video game3. The historical accuracy (right down to the Ross Rifle being a real pain-in-the-a$$) is admirable4. I'm playing on a fairly crappy desktop and the game still looks pretty good. I get a weird, yellow, pixelated 'aura' around far-off foliage at times, but I know that this is due to my hardware, not the game. A dedicated video card and a good processor would be advisable purchases to maximize the game's enjoyabilitySeriously, I really enjoy this game. The squad-development system is a little confusing, but I've only had the game for a little bit now, and I could do with some more research into the game's mechanics before making a real judgement on that aspect of it.-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-Edit: After some time playingThe Squad progression applies to the squad you build with your friends, and its progress is carried forward. This makes it a great incentive to develop a friend base in the game, or have your friends get Verdun."
76561198055060934,Recommended,242860,31994882,Posted: 27 May,all,MrPotatis03,10/10Got half of my head shot off
76561197998650127,Recommended,242860,27632047,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Borothine,"I haven't been playing for very long, but this game is amazing."
,Recommended,242860,28833512,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spinorexboy,verdun is a historicaly accurate game. it is very hard but that make more fun
76561198287096215,Recommended,242860,28209300,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,dingledong,I don't know a game where you can hold back the enemy with a shovel and a couple of grenades. the shovel also instalocks on close enemy for minimal skill
76561198074334737,Recommended,242860,28820910,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Alvinater,its a good game but A.I bots would be nice to see in the trench warfare gamemode. like an offline mode . the coop wave mode is fine but no A.I team mates just enemy A.I and no charging back at the enemy. but if someone looks at this review and tells the devs about it. that be niceif the devs announce the offline mode for the main gamemode
76561198029946093,Recommended,242860,28696373,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dflunnie,"Excellent game. Very frustrating to  start, but also very addictive. Takes practice to enjoy but then is very enjoyable.I'm a WW1 reader and this game does good justice."
76561198115737775,Recommended,242860,28833275,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,RED,"Keep getting my head blown off when i pop out of the trench.......I love it, feels so real."
76561198090966921,Recommended,242860,28965420,Posted: 2 January,all,pelailija,Good Game!
,Recommended,242860,27607400,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Comrade Ivan,THIS GAEM IS GOOD
76561198111349584,Recommended,242860,28208664,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,D3X,"A amazing tactical ww1 expierience with specific detail on the realism and tactical aspect, nothing is more satisfying than a trench to trench headshot with the SMLE or sitting in a trench with an MG08 and mowing down charging British soldiers this game is an unforgetable expierience that will remind you... keep your head down! 10/10"
76561197993531764,Recommended,242860,28989339,Posted: 3 January,all,linus27_,"Beautiful game with amazing visuals, sound and game play. However, the lack of gamepad support spoilt the enjoyment for me. I hope this is addressed as the game is simply stunning."
76561198193841765,Recommended,242860,28991179,Posted: 3 January,all,Smartguy45,"I like this game, very tactical shooter. People should make more WW1 games like this"
76561198160270405,Recommended,242860,32005947,Posted: 27 May,all,cahawks,"This is a great game to ply for hours. So far, i've been playing any time I can. It really immerses you in what warfare in WW1 and the Trenches was like. I was contemplating whether to get this or Battlefield 1. I wanted to get it as realistic as possible. If you want realism this is definitly the game for you."
76561198057799172,Recommended,242860,28836855,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,billzo1984,Captures world war war PERFECTLY
,Recommended,242860,32009969,Posted: 27 May,all,Zorca,Hardcore trench warfare is great for anybody.
76561198165389394,Recommended,242860,32096606,Posted: 31 May,all,Beenjammin,I'm not a fan of most FPS type games but having just bought Verdun I'm hooked. It is a lot of fun and has the smoothest running servers I've ever played.Just watch out for German snipers...
,Recommended,242860,32099376,Posted: 31 May,all,NOOb_nAZI,"Best ww1 shooter game i've ever played, dont think before buying this game just go for it."
,Recommended,242860,24148586,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rommel_McDonald,This game is great for its current state. There's some bugs but it's a lot of fun. I highly recommend this for anyone that likes realistic war games and history. 10/10.
,Recommended,242860,24144322,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Clion2k,"Battlefield 1 looks reall good and all, but this is a dead on 100% acurate representation of WW1"
,Recommended,242860,7616243,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Kalios08,"This is a awesome shooter. Be a WW1 Machinegunner or a Sniper but we must not forget the aweomse job of being an officer heck, even just a infantry man. Moving from trench to trench between no mans land. Verdun is the best fps I've known to date.   9.6/10"
,Recommended,242860,27249058,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Emmathatsme,"Man Verdun...Ive always been a WW1 guy and i can say this game is the mose realistic and historicly accurategame you can have for the time period!Battlefield 1 doent compare to this game, if you want a REAL WW1 trench warfare game,you got to go with this game.1-2 hit kills, poor accuracy, and a realistic gamemode for the time period, it all combines intoa beautiful replica game!"
76561198007278193,Recommended,242860,23281739,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mr. Breakfast,"Hear dog whistle, run forward for six seconds, get taken out by MG.10/10 will spawn again."
76561198060273258,Recommended,242860,28113807,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,TrippyMcGuire556,"Playing as squad leader. Got promoted. Shouted promoted like the NOOB. Immediately got sniped. 10/10 ultra realistic, would be promoted in combat again."
,Recommended,242860,19972660,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bubble Buddy,Fantastic overall gameplay it still needs work but that's to be expected. It has a very realistic trench warfare gameplay and looks very good so far graphically and might I say it's come a long way.
76561198044966918,Recommended,242860,25238412,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,The Nova That Could,"One of my favourite shooters. A simple and fun ww1 throwback, i likey."
,Recommended,242860,33623501,Posted: 17 July,all,SpanglyClown,"Crawled across no man's land to sneak into enemy trenches on a night time map in one of the most immersive experiences I've ever had gaming. I was absolutely terrified of getting discovered and killed since my team had made 0 progress and it was up to my squad to try and bust through their lines. Its incredibly immersive and terrifying, fighting someone inside a trench during a gas attack is truly a scary experience and it's stupid addicting. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,11460912,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Bill DeGrasse C.K.,"As far as Early Access games go, I am so far very impressed with this title. It has LOADS of potential as a fairly accurate WWI FPS. There are currently a few issues I have with it, such as no bullet fall-off and some strange graphics, but I would guess these will be improved by the time the game is fully released. As it stands now, it is a fun game that is not very demanding on hardware, and I would recommend it.For fans of:Red OrchestraDay of DefeatMen of WarCamping"
,Recommended,242860,14486333,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Erik The Viking,"I never thought that a multiplayer simulation Trench Warfare game could ever be done, but they have pulled it off flawlessly"
,Recommended,242860,23012974,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Semper Paratus,"Verdun is an intensely fun FPS that will be deeply staisfying to history buffs and realism gamers alike. It does justice to remembering WWI in a respectful manner by recreating the horrors of trench warfare. The damage is real and battles often end in draws, but trying to break the stalemate is part of the fun."
76561198013894390,Recommended,242860,15677448,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Spyder,Love this game!! Its realistic World War 1 shooter that will have you coming back for more!!
76561198103939182,Recommended,242860,23012853,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,141 Paladin,"I would very highly recomend this game if your tired of Modern/Futuristic games like the newer games in the COD series or Battlefield games, Or other games where there really isnt much teamwork like Counter Strike Global Offensive. While I enjoy some COD games and I love CSGO, I like this game because its unique among first person shooters that it is based on World war one, and you dont come across many screaming little kids which is also a bonus XD"
76561198090096140,Recommended,242860,17361656,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,LightxBruin,Improve the graphics and you have the best first person shooter on the market.
76561198039463406,Recommended,242860,17362314,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Shinzou O Sasageyo,The best WW1 game you will find on steam. I guarentee it.
,Recommended,242860,15588227,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,[DANK]DapperDanMan,"if you like red orchestra 2, you should try this game."
76561198163140272,Recommended,242860,33560820,Posted: 15 July,all,biggie cheese,"this game is great especially if you are into realistic FPS games like insurgencythe game includes extremely realistic graphics, realistic sound and gun effects, realistic gore, extremely realistic and large maps, random weather conditions and even the ability to call in artillery strikes just to name a fewat first the controls feel a bit sluggish and the guns may seem hard to use if you have no atttachments on them but after a while you get used to itgreat game overall"
76561198072461486,Recommended,242860,30658339,Posted: 21 March,all,iDunno,"I like fps games a lot thats what i mainly play , thats said i dont buy every year a new fps game like overwatch or battlefield 1 why ? well because they dont feel unique or interesting. Many todays fps are just copy pasted ideas rehached together over and over againThats where Verdun comes and shows its unique and never before done style of gameplay , ww1 trench warfarenever before have you tried to cross no mans land and then fail more than 10 times in row (worst case :D)never before have you tried to hold your own trench and while same time gas comes a long and makes visibility lot worse.Its these key things and many more that make this game unique and new , i truelly recommendid if you are tired of todays copy pasted fps games or you are hardcore fps fan and you are looking for new game , or you just want to see horrors of ww1."
76561198039416179,Recommended,242860,25492967,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Vector1987,Best WW1 game there ever was.
76561198039067972,Recommended,242860,15734790,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,FancySadFace,"As a history buff, finally a WW1 game that is not over powered on either side, and accurate to the war era. Cannot wait for future updates.10/10"
,Recommended,242860,13652797,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NuttyDeska,"Amazingly realistic, reliant on squad based fighting, and any skill level can play, out of 100, its about 95, in my opinion anyways."
76561198092085092,Recommended,242860,24344517,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Worlboss,Realistic ww1 shooter that has good teamplay. A slower paced game compared to the upcoming bf1
76561198013074695,Recommended,242860,34128760,Posted: 9 August,all,Altavilla,Really good and realistic game.If you play with good team you can really enjoy the battles.
,Recommended,242860,32112872,Posted: 1 June,all,Gideon the Bard,"Verdun is something that tries puts you in the boots of a real soldier in WW1, and while it can never accomplish it completely, it can show you a fraction of what a soldier felt. The fraction of their fear, their hopelessness and sometimes their comradeship. However, this is only one side of the game. While it's the most important, it's also the thing people ever talk about. The other side of Verdun is it is, in fact, a game you can tell because it's fun to play, which no one ever says either.The things that make it historically accurate are the same things that make it the best hardcore game I've ever played. Kills are satisfying and are never handed to you. Any victory is something you have to fight for, any skill you have is skill you've earned. It does take a while to become more than cannon fodder as the learning curve is pretty steep. As someone who has put in the time to come over it, I'd say this game is definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,242860,34045501,Posted: 5 August,all,Oki,"Really recommend to anyone who likes history and WW1. Realistic, sometimes boring, sometimes action packed. Smoke grenades and gas launched by your NCO is the best feeling in the game."
,Recommended,242860,21008166,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Cpt. McSausage,"A far better experience than most online, World War multiplayer games - looking at you Heroes & Generals - with an active developer base which listens to the community and has succeeded thus far in creating a fantastic and enjoyable game with a wonderful play style and an excellent atmosphere.I highly recommend Verdun."
76561198129978240,Recommended,242860,28232336,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SirAdam,"Verdun, limbs fly, bullets whizz by your head, and other soldiers drop all around you. You have to leave the trench. You climb up over the edge, touting a new bolt action rifle. No bayonet, not for you soldier. Up into the abyss you run, dead, dying, and dismembered all around you. You run, trying to avoid the muzzle flash from across the field. You zig and zag around barbed wire trying to avoid machine gun fire from the enemy line. You crawl forward in mud, blood, and ooze. As you reach the enemy trench, you throw in a grenade and watch a leg fly by. You go to crawl in the trench and..........WHIZZ! It's over. KIA. A hero. But the grinder always needs more men, more to throw into the fire. I played many fps, from planetside, to insurgency, and others, but this game keeps me coming back. The unlocking is easy, the play is brutal, and the curve a bit steep. Once you learn these bullets kill you, the gas kills you, the wire kills you, the melee kills you, the artillery kills you, you learn you have to hug the dirt and try to stay alive. This game is brutal with attention to details and very detailed maps, with updates all the times. I have played for around a year (maybe more) and the community is making a pretty good come back in numbers. What are you waiting for? This game might give you dreams, but the war goes on. YOUR COUNTRY NEEDS YOU. BESIDES THIS GAME IS A 10/10"
76561198041281246,Recommended,242860,26739598,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,DarKnight,"although unable to currently play this game due to a lack of ram, i have enjoyed what i did get to play. Although this game lacks the fast paced style of battlefield 1, it makes up for it with an incredible realistic feel. This game is very accurate in terms of conditions and strategies/tactics of WWI. With battlefield 1 out on the market, this game has a tough competitor but it shouldn't be a problem. If your looking for a historically accurate and realistic war fps, then you should definitly buy this game. The developers really did their research in developing an awesome game. 1O/1O"
76561198044781473,Recommended,242860,16537306,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,♩♫Shade♫♩,"I can say this game was definitely worth the money. People say you will die a lot at the start but that you'll get better.This isn't true. You'll always die a lot. The goal of this game is to bring down as many people on the other side with you lol.My only negative comment for this game would have to do with the constant prone blocking that at times can pin your player and force you to stand up into the gunfire of the enemy.Other than that, I for one had a wonderful experience on my first playthrough. I would definitely recommend this game."
76561198068483262,Recommended,242860,25699113,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BanditPatty,"It's pretty neat, you can get experiences that no other game can recreate.  There are some classes that only have mele weapons, and the death those cause are brutal.  For example:-In gas cloud with a sharpened shovel out-Sprint around and kill 3 people with it-All of them are dead, but not entirely dead-I'm standing there getting out of the moment to realize what i did-There with a shovel with 3 men with their arms cut off slowly dying and screming in agony9/10 not enough limbs to cut off"
,Recommended,242860,27992031,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NOTARON 欧阿龙,This is such a good game that I recommend to other people.If you'd like to re-live what it was like to fight in the trenches then i strongly recommend buying this game!10/10
76561198239391748,Recommended,242860,30536072,Posted: 15 March,all,gradeyshane,Fun game with fast action.  Dont be discouraged if you die!
,Recommended,242860,21500680,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,bdogz1,Probably the best WW1 game on the market.
,Recommended,242860,17937840,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,cardboardboxo,This is one of few games by a non AAA company that made it out of alpha and bata to the full amazing.
76561198035116065,Recommended,242860,18777371,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Sigismund,"This game is absolutely amazing. You can feel the ww1 aatmosphere and the way that the battles were done. A huge variety of gun such as SMLee Enfield Rubi pistol etc make the game even more intersting.Every class and  nation-squad has its own skills and perks , bayonet scopes pistols grenades guses airsktrikes binoculars and lots more.Even in the beta status the game runs perfectly , the graphics are epic and the physics are good for an early access game.I totaly recommend it for someone who like harfcore one-shot-one kill games like red orchestra and rising storm.Verdun adds what these games didnt had. Easy weapon unlocks better graphics and optimazation better atmosphere patriotic music at the start of each game( Got mit Uns etc ) and a huge variety of weaponry.Congrats devs the game is amazing and worth every pennie"
,Recommended,242860,22530061,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Idiotus Gayus,"This game is NOT only the best WW1 game I've ever played but the best FPS game I have ever played. There is soooo much variety in the different squads and the roles you can play. And there is no role played less than the other. The pure amount of historical weapons in the game from WW1 featured in this game is amazing. And that makes for the perfect roles, you can be a luger or machinegun  wielding rambo jumping in the trenches shooting everyone up, you can be a noscoping mlg rifleman with such gr8 skill no one can even see you, a shotguner getting in close or an officer tactically ordering mortars, mustard gas or smoke while comanding you squad.I've just realized I have went full fanboy. Devs... keep it up!!!P.S. There is gonna be cavalry toooo!!!!!"
,Recommended,242860,21533184,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,FrayGlider,"Love this game, Lots of fun with friends, it's worth it, even a mac can handle it WELL."
76561198124043069,Recommended,242860,13205779,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Benbot,"Ok, Verdun is a great game and any WWI fan would be crazy about it. The loadout system is unique like you unlock new classes in different squad types. Frontlines mode is great. But if you want a really intense match play rifle death match mode. There are some bugs because it's still in early acsess. (Mabey not when your reading this review.) On a scale of 10 I rate it an 9/10 I highly reccomend it. It isn't the best optimised but that will hopefully be taken care of by the devs."
76561198061078488,Recommended,242860,22014045,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Scorpioncrest,"If you like games set in WW1 with guns in that era fighting in trenches , with intense moments with your whole team is rushing into enemy fire, trying to capture enemy territories to advance. Than this is your game."
76561198065726632,Recommended,242860,17664504,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,duncandejussy,"The game does a fantastic job of portraying the western front of World War 1. The rules after an intial periode of confusion (especially when it comes to unlocking weapons) do a good job of switching the defencive and offensive roles. There are however a few imbalances in terms of uniforms (the french blue and red uniforme for example) and weapons, but these are entirely attributable to the historical accuracy of the game seening as they are an exact copy of the historical versions."
76561198119804838,Recommended,242860,33956383,Posted: 1 August,all,Führer,"This game is very atmosphereic. I was running through a trench and hearing screaming and gunshots while im looking at a person laying on the ground gasping for air as he was shot in the throat. I run up the trench and I see another body cold dead with his arm missing. As I get to the end I shot a person and the way they fell then started holding their wound was actually chilling. I tried to shoot him again to put him out of his misery but unfortunatly the game renders them dead so it will just play out the animation until they ""die"". It would be cool for them to add that though.Gun play however seems to easy. And SOME animations dont seem too realistic but overall its a work in progress so I give it a 8.5/10."
,Recommended,242860,25771179,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sigmafricanus,"This game isn't for single minded CS:GO or CoD or Battlefield players that think moving on their own and destroying everything is what Verdun is about (well, if you get good, maybe it can be that way).The sort of person that reviews this game negatively, is the sort that runs in front of a machinegun or flamethrower while expecting to 'get their health back'. Knives and bayonets are flanking weapons, unless you know what you're doing.The sort of person that reviews this game negatively, joins the noobs in forming small groups of 6+ players around the more experienced gamers. Then, they get surprised when one heavy mortar kills EVERYONE. You could imagine the social backlash.The sort of person that reviews this game negatively, is the type that stands in the middle of a narrow trench when half the team needs to get by, trying to plug the defensive gap in the line.This little game here is bolt action, stratergy, and gore heavy. Its historically accurate (don't bring up♥♥♥♥♥♥like the BAR, apparently it doesn't fires the 22LR rather than the 30-06). Don't expect it to run like Call of Duty. It doesn't. Call of Duty gave up being realistic a long time ago."
,Recommended,242860,18025961,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Maeland,This video represent my first impression of the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJT7P6DzgrQ
76561198140575951,Recommended,242860,27491526,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ᛒᛟᛞᚢᛟᚷᚾᚨᛏᚢ,Awesom game!
,Recommended,242860,34404626,Posted: 21 August,all,Sphinx,You will die.......many times.......so it must be realistic
76561198398529480,Recommended,242860,34387508,Posted: 20 August,all,Endertheii5,"Does not have a campaing but in my opinion it captures perfectly WW1,So yeah its achallenging game and that makes it fun"
,Recommended,242860,30150983,Posted: 24 February,all,Capt. Magicsebi,"Great gameplay but the menu is very confusing and it's impossible to figure it out. I just hit play and find myself in a game, I have no idea where to go or what to do. Otherwise it's fun."
76561198059742422,Recommended,242860,16515758,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,CCAFCommando,"Funny story I actually purchased this and got it refunded while it was on sale. I'm ashamed to admit it was cause I died too often and felt frustrated. Then, I decided I didn't give it a good look/I unclenched my buttox and told myself who cares about dying 20+ times so I repurchased it the very next day.I've not regretted my repurchase, it's a really fun title. Why is it fun? Because it manages to recreate the feel of trench warfare in WW1 with great detail. There are only two gamemodes: Trench warfare and rifle deathmatchTrench warfare is ofc the biggest and best part of the game as you get put on either the Central powers or Entente side. Each side has several squads that have access to passive buffs and different ""call in"" support. Each squad in itself is composed of 4 men with specific roles(some squads have different roles to them):A NCO, he calls down support which can come in the form of motar strike, to gas shells or  recon planes, he can also issue a move to command that he can place on the ground. He also serves as a moblie spawn point, the down side is he is lightly armed with only a pistolA rifleman, your run of the mil boots on the ground, only equiped with a rifle, he's made to capture trenches/ defend by shooting ppl with bulletsA machinegunner, he brings the automatic fire to the battlefield to supress/cut down the advancing/defending enemy, a very positional role to play. He also has a back up pistolA grenadier, he's the main trench assaulter bringing with him a good couple of grenades (ranging from 2-5). Just toss grenades here and there to clear the way*All roles come with 3 different loadout selections, the 1st is the default, the two others are locked and require career points to unlock(which you get by levelling up and have 10 free upon entering the game for the 1st time).The different squads:Central powersLanders: a basic german infantry squad comprised of all the roles mentioned aboveAplenjagers: a scouting squad which has access to recon plane, a dedicated sniper, a rifleman with binocs and a melee CQB fighter (one of the toughest squads to use imho)Stosstrupen: Stormtroopers that assault trenches, have access to gas shells and rely on a specialist and assaulter which are essentially 2 grenediers (replacing the machine gunner)EntenteLes Poilus (the hairy guys[frenchmen]) who are a bog standard infantry squad like landersThe Canadians: The equivalent of the StosstrupenThe Tommies (Brits): Exactly like Poilus and landersChasseur Alpins: The equivalent of the AlpenjagersThe gameplay is as you would expect, hectic. Dead comrades/ enemies that litter the battlefield. One shot equals one kill (for the most part, but you die rather quickly nonetheless). It is a tug of war style match where you must run to one trench line capture it, then defend. If you fail you have to retreat to your own lines and set up a defense while the enemy attacks. The maps are setup in long narrow streches of land  that are quite long from end to end. If you defending, the map shows the area you must defend with a sheild symbol while the area in front is red, meaning if you attack you die automatically by desertion. You must remain in the defense area until you hold the trench long enough. You will also be shot for desertion if you don't retreat to your trench on time if an attack is unsucessfulThere are currently 5-6 different maps that all feel rather unique offering interesting terrain. Nomansland is reallly well depicted with very little vegetation(bar one very vegetation heavy map), varying sized crater holes, barbed wire, sandbags, wooden pillboxes, angular trenches. Maps also feel rather large in size due to the constant pushing forward and retreating.The other game mode I haven't spent time on but is apparently a Free for all deathmatch, with only rifles at your disposal I assume. Still nice that they've added another game modeThe main gripes I have with this game is that you can't unlock loadouts without being in a match, nor can you view the passive buffs a squad  without a match ending (unless I haven't looked thoughouly enough but it doesn't appear on the career section of the main menu which it should) So I'd like to see this useful info put into the main menu of the game or somewhere more accessible instead of on an online wiki.The game can get repetative ofc, but it's to be expected with a Multiplayer only game, although If you love WW 1 it shouldn't be much of a problem (I sure do! It's not as represented as WW 2 and it's nice it finally gets represented in a video game). There is free DLC that the devs are promising, so lack of content shouldn't be too much an issue in the future (although as it stands it's deffinately still enjoyable)It's also not for everyone, it's mostly aimed at ppl who are looking for a tooth grittingly difficult shooter where many a times you'll end up dying 20 times over with maybe 5-7 kills of your own. If K/D is your main focus omit this game, it's all about objective.The game runs smoothly on my gaming laptop (which says a lot since it's as you'd imagine, not that powerful a machine) at medium graphics clocking at 55-60 FPS (there's an ingame FPS counter which is pretty neat). I haven't seen too many others complain about preformance either, apparently it's quite the looker at higher graphics as well.Conclusion If you loved Red Orchestra 2, but you wanted it in a WW 1 setting instead, look no further. This is the game for you. Other than a lack of content (I still find it great with the 2 gamemodes it has but it is deffinately lacking in terms of content) and a  cluncky in-match UI(the main UI is pretty good, it's just like i mentioned before not being able to look at that useful info on the main menu).Hopefully I've convinced you and that I'll be seeing you on the battlefield!TL;DR A pretty satisfying hardcore WW 1 multiplayer only game with only 2 gamemodes so far so it's kind of lacking in content. However devs are looking to add a butt ton of exciting DLC so perhaps hold up your purchase if you desire until then. It's still pretty awesome as it is right now imho. Go check out the Roadmap for Verdun the devs have set up in the forums to get an idea of what is to come!"
,Recommended,242860,19966389,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hotchkiss,"this is to WWI shooters as RO2 is to WWII shooters or Insurgency is to modern shooters. Absolutely fantastic game, Iwould HIGHLY reccomend this to anyone who wants a medium/slow paced shooter in a setting that isn't oft seen in games"
,Recommended,242860,20619338,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,King Cole,One of the most frustrating games I have ever played. I think I like it.
76561198131875137,Recommended,242860,23918897,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CrazyWalrus,I think verdun is a very fun and enjoyable game it is great if you like old fashion shooters
76561198027323054,Recommended,242860,24034794,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ryobi Master,"Quite the enjoyable shooter! Pleasent visuals, nice sounds, and good gameplay! Would recommend!"
76561198108236684,Recommended,242860,22902066,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Kilroy was Here,"I recommend this game as it is the best world war one game out right now and it is very realistic with equipment and weapons, but it does't mean its all good. The game can get easily boring as you just charge, defend, charge, defend and this goes on until a stalemate happens or the one of the teams just keeps gaining ground. I wish the developers made the game feel like Red orchestra 2 as it doesn't feel like a tactical first person shooter. Also the game needs better graphics as it doesn't look that nice, so it kills the feel of realism in the game."
76561197971988129,Recommended,242860,15964923,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Maniac86,"I have trench foot, dysentary, and shellshock. While I recover Ill just play this awsome game. 10/10 would go over the top again and take a random bullet .5 seconds after sticking my head up."
76561198085804913,Recommended,242860,34054936,Posted: 6 August,all,.watts,Verdun is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Play the damn game.
,Recommended,242860,34073682,Posted: 6 August,all,Trader Bean's,Excellent game!I would not pay $25 for it but I purchased it for $8 and I has been well worth my money. I've learned a lot about WW1 just by playing the games. The random facts you will learn and the excellent gameplay is well worth the money!
,Recommended,242860,22817902,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,BladeOfAtmora,"Solid game, actually released from early access. Devs added a free expansion pack recently that adds a co-op mode to the game along with 40 or so new weapons. Definitely worth a look if you're into WW1 games."
,Recommended,242860,12673353,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Cpl. Burden R 3294,"I can genuinely say it's one of the most realistic and yet fun FPS i've ever played. Also, frequent updates from the devs, which is always nice."
76561198284554696,Recommended,242860,24787771,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Slyskydiver,"Great game lots to offer. I think there can be somethings that can be worked out. Like wounded soldiers on the ground if you shoot them they shut up, and die.  Some more maps. Thats about it besides my one question. I was thinking about getting a steam controller, and I saw this had partial controller support. Can some one tell me what that means."
,Recommended,242860,21345325,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Wersh,Great game 5 out of 5
,Recommended,242860,11456639,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Manturkey,"""its like skyrims with trench warfare"" -ign 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,24793150,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mr Noll,"Oh! Oh! Oh! It's a lovely war,Who wouldn't be a soldier, eh ?Oh, it's a shame to take the pay."
,Recommended,242860,31789492,Posted: 16 May,all,ragekid007,"This game has taken over my life, I've travelled to al of the locations thes maps are inspire from, and the mix of the soundtrack, voicing, strategy is just phenomenal, the choice of factions is sufficent and the arsenal is plentiful.I love it so much, and it aint an easy puppy to tame either.Would buy a sequel if in the pipes."
,Recommended,242860,32134427,Posted: 2 June,all,NathaN124™,"First let me start by saying, this is obviously the best World War 1 FPS around, many will say Battlefield 1 is, but if you want a realistic World War 1 shooter, look no further. this has some of the best treanch warfare around, and is extremely realistic, it is hard to come to think of a negative description of the game, but let me start by saying two thing's you want to know before you get this, first thing is first, you need a relatively good computer, mine is VERY bad game wise, but at the lowest settings i could pick i got a solid 15-25 FPS, Second thing is, this is EXTREMELY realistic, so if your a COD fan, take a turn to Battlefield 1. but if you meet the requirements and enjoy the realism this is a must have for anyone into the WW1 genre. buy it!Also, Here are some things I hope to see in the future--Usable Machine Gun Nest, Mortars, etc. for any players of that team-The appropriate ammount of drivable vehicles per map (Tanks, Planes, etc.) And The appropriate amount of Tank Crew Squad's per map, This also would apply to Fighter Pilots Squads.-Places to Restock on Ammo.-Slower regeneration of health and Medics/Medic Squads-Fully voiced call-in for artillery, gas, etc. on a radio/telegraph from that time period.-Single Player-And last but not least, more maps!If you have any questions about my review, leave a comment and I will most likely be able to answer, but other than that see you on the front line, Soldier."
76561198179266411,Recommended,242860,32588841,Posted: 20 June,all,gav,"For a game that came out before EA went balls deep with WWI, Verdun really embraces it's source material. It takes the concept of the bolt-action rifleman, and makes it an integral part of the game, as opposed to BF1's emphasis on submachineguns and early machineguns. Trench warfare is surprisingly hectic, and you are quickly discouraged from playing ""fast and loose"" with cover as you would in, say Call of Duty, and I often found myself crouching and crawling prone more often than walking. But by far the most exhilarating part of the game is going ""over the top"" and rushing across no man's land with three or four squadmates on your side, only to see them cut down by machinegun fire, and diving into the enemy trench, and skewering the nearest kraut on your bayonet.An aspect of the game that I think may often go unappreciated is the way in which characters die. Yes, they scream as their limbs are blown off or they're shot in the chest, but it doesn't stop. Standing near a recently killed player, you can hear either more screaming of pain, moaning, or simply gurgling as some poor sod chokes on his own blood.My internet connection is okay, but I found myself often automatically kicked from servers when my ping temporarily goes a bit high. The respawn times are a real drag; far too long for a game in which you just have to accept that you will die quite often."
76561197976101440,Recommended,242860,15479892,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Adeftonic,"After 3 months, I thought it would be a good time to review the game. Firstly I recommend it. Its a game of luck, one shot kills, tactics and more luck. Its doesn't forgive. You need determination to capture the other trench, and to keep looking around to make sure enemy are not near you. Then you get shot from someone you missed, you need to then recross no mans land again. Its a game where your actions help out, draw attention to yourself, and you die sometimes for just standing up. You have to work together with everyone let them know what you are doing and can see. Content wise there isn't many maps although the developers are doing much more. Bugs are present but again the developers are on it but in my opinion I've not come across many, although Lag kills where your killed after going into cover can be annoying, but that's connection more than coding. For anyone wanting a challenging unforgiving, game with teamwork get this."
,Recommended,242860,25247724,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Capt_Nomad,Hello ? is anyone there ?
76561198039644196,Recommended,242860,22068638,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Noah,"Have you ever felt like the hero of your own story? Verdun proves you wrong. Have you ever felt like you mattered? Verdun proves you wrong. Have you ever felt intensely high and then intensely low? Verdun reinforces this.When writing this review, I was trying to think about what kind of clever, snarky metaphor best describes Verdun. Well here's two I can think of with all the previous things in mind:Verdun is basically having depression.Verdun is loving someone who doesn't love you back.And like these two things, it is a shared human experience you can throw money at.Play this game."
76561198086287747,Recommended,242860,10155049,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Degenerate,"I must say this is a really nice game, however since it is in beta, i can understand how it could be bad for a first try... However, i hvae faith that this game will improve... i mean come on.... its in beta!"
76561198090962553,Recommended,242860,10155613,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Dangb( . Y . )m,"I bought & play Verdun for Rifle Deathmatch only...it's a great fps if you are looking for some WW1 bolt action fun.The Frontlines mode is not to my liking...but that is what most play and rave about,to each their own.As for only 3 game developers,they have created a great game and should be commended.If you like Deathmatch and fps shooters in general,you will love Verdun.B( . Y . )M"
,Recommended,242860,10134090,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,jbd_man,It's a fun game and is well worth the price. Best represents trench warfare and the struggles of WW1.
,Recommended,242860,10114249,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Ghostly Dagger,"Little buggy at times, but constant work is put into this fun WW1 fps."
76561197960329791,Recommended,242860,10172370,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,!    ZerZ,"has potential, if the devs try to fix the renndering BS.. all u see in a distens is a few ""flying"" enemys :S// ZerZ"
,Recommended,242860,34595612,Posted: 29 August,all,Littletex,Great WW1 game. No other game gives you the sense of helplessness you feel as you go over the top.
76561198220513337,Recommended,242860,20787047,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,voidwalker2727,Is a really great game.
76561198078748137,Recommended,242860,23543558,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The_Chad,"This one quote I heard sometime ago goes a little like this: ""War's a ♥♥♥♥♥, bring a helmet.""10/10 would bring a helmet again"
,Recommended,242860,24220383,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SCRUBLord,"This game is realistic, immersive, and loads of fun. Don't come looking for a fast pace shooter, because this game is unique, and brings a whole new side of warfare to the table."
76561198025928184,Recommended,242860,23997687,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Matched Player,"So much fun and yet pretty realistic. Great if you like multiplayer FPS's, and even better if you like history."
,Recommended,242860,24204431,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BllackSabbath,Great game
,Recommended,242860,23847952,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Slezmass,The Most hardcore ww1 game out there realistic gun movements trench warfare at its best
76561198046416176,Recommended,242860,24522886,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,[ARP] calhoundavid1,"This is such a great game. This game requries team work and effort. You arn't just running around and killing each other one team has to stay in there trench and the other has to assult them. The weapons are very detailed and the developers have put a lot of effort into the guns, battlefeild, gas, and trenches."
76561198197924661,Recommended,242860,24319978,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,mrAstTheOmega,This game is just my type. It's slow-paced (because i have a bad time in fast-paced games) and it's historical which I also  great fun...if you have good eyesight that is :)
76561198202363260,Recommended,242860,24003477,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Comrade Pol Pot,"I am really enjoying this game. I love first person shooters based on historic events such as Vietnam or WW2. Anyways the game runs smooth on PC  however when it comes to actual gameplay,...The maps seem almost identical , and the lack of vehicles such as tanks and planes is extremly disappointing however this is why I am looking forward  to Battlefield 1. Buy this game on sale otherwise it is  not worth the money."
,Recommended,242860,32129230,Posted: 2 June,all,⚡ New Retro Guy ⚡,"Read this review and you will want to play this game.Verdun is the first multiplayer FPS set in a realistic World War One setting. The merciless trench warfare offers a unique battlefield experience, immersing you and your squad into intense battles of attack and defense. Verdun is part of in the 1914-1918 WW1 Game Series, with the second entry Tannenberg taking players to the Eastern Front.The game takes place on the Western Front between 1914 and 1918, in one of the bloodiest conflicts in world history. The developers were inspired by the infamous Battle of Verdun in 1916. The game offers 4 distinct game-modes with many historically accurate features such as realistic WW1 weaponry, authentic uniforms, horrendous gore, and maps based on the real battlefields of France and Belgium.Verdun key features include:- Realistic World War 1 gameplay: Authentic weaponry with realistic bullet physics, skill based weapon handling, poisonous gas with a claustrophobic gas mask experience, horrendous gore effects, and artillery barrages- Tactical squad-based FPS: Unique squad leveling system with distinct squad types and roles- True trench warfare: Real-time dynamic frontline with momentum-based attack and counter-attack gameplay- Authentic World War 1 setting: Typical WW1 music and style, historical battlefields representing the key theaters on the Western Front- Challenging game modes: Team-based Frontline, tactical Attrition, skill-based Rifle Deathmatch and desperate survival in Squad Defense"
76561198055502571,Recommended,242860,25615245,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Pope Badass DCLXVI,"Not only are WWI games rare, but Verdun is a damn good one.The thing about this game that truly makes it stand out in my eyes is the sheer brutality of it. (You'll need to turn the gore setting to ULTRA to experience this.)Imagine you're a British soldier on the front lines. You glance over the top of the trench and see a German hard charging toward you. You squeeze a shot off and Gerry drops about 20 meters in front of your trench. As you chamber a new round in your rifle, you hear the soldier you just shot let out a bloodcurdling scream. You wait for more to arrive, and the screaming has only gotten louder. This isn't a low-pitched scream of a large man, this is the scream of someone very young, probably not even in his 20's yet. Eventually, he succumbs to his wounds and the screaming ceases.Verdun has something that a lot of shooters lack, the dying. Take Call of Doots: You shoot someone, they die, you move on. Then you have Verdun: You gut shoot someone and you can hear the pain you just caused them from half the battlefield away. Bayonet someone in the neck, and they'll lay helpless on the ground gurgling their own blood. You'll see howitzers send legless bodies flying, wounded screaming men that now have only one arm, and I won't even go into flamethrowers.Pros:-Play as one of 4 members of historical squads from different nations in the war. (U.S. Doughboys, Tommies, Canadians, U.S. Marines, Schutz, etc.) Each of which have their own unique weapons and perks.-Very immersive. No other game quite matches the feeling you get when your NCO blows the whistle to go over the top like Verdun.-Multiple game modes. If you don't feel like playing the usual frontlines or don't feel like facing real people in general, you can play squad defense instead. This is a game mode where you join a squad and survive waves of AI attackers. (I'm a big fan of this game mode.)Cons:-The game still has its share of bugs. Nothing that should turn you off from the game though. One time I even saw someone pistol whip a German to death with a Lewis gun. You don't want to miss out on that hilarity.-WWI is difficult. You will die a lot. That's just a result of how the warfare was at this time.1914/1918, would charge across no man's land for the fatherland again"
76561198092677045,Recommended,242860,24716321,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Lopik2258,Verdun is a great game and it is realy fun but it has its moments when you want tear you hair off because the enemies keep killing you out of nowhere or having bad luck for connecting to games where some players are using cheats or are just extremely annoying.And you are gonna die a lot in this game but even that is sometimes fun.The game is very good in what its doing the ww1 trench warfare and the feel of it is just terrifying and sometimes even scary as a arm of your former friend is flying through the air and you hear him screaming to death.And the game is growing in content and player-base.Also i think that its going to be much more better then hyped battlefield 1.
,Recommended,242860,24274787,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Kevbwell,This game is crazy fun i played it back when it was a browser game and its only gotten better. How ever i just want to mention the biggest broken mechanic in my experience which is the overtime whre the roundcant end unless evry single attacker in the trench is dead. My friend and I were able to drag a attack well past 10 min of over time with him being an nco and hiding in their trench and the squad just respawning on him every 20 sec and just rushing the enemy so they couldnt get to him. I think that an overtime limit would help this game alot.
,Recommended,242860,20865177,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,bosch,really nice immersive ww1 FPS shooter only downside only some bad things like thier are really no class limits so you can get like 1/2 of the ememy team going sniper and heavy machine gun. also after evrey update its like the forgot to optimize it. so keep in mind you prbs will get very low frames after the previous update. anyway good game well worth the money esspecilly if you can get it on sale.
,Recommended,242860,32169212,Posted: 3 June,all,👽,"I played Verdun on a free weekend after just getting frustrated with Rising Storm 2. I thought I wouldn't really like it but after I played for a few hours, I can it say was definitely worth the sale price, and possibly the regular asking price, for me at least. Also when I saw a teammates head get blown off right in front of me, and I thought it looked ♥♥♥♥ing cool. Here's a picture of ithttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=937583415If slow paced, well-handled squad based, realistic, WW1 warfare sounds fun, try it.The only thing I think could be worked on is the desertion system. Ive gotten stuck outside of the map and died in some pretty stupid ways, and it can be annoying in battle. And maybe make the headshot feedback more noticable with more higher caliber weapons while you're at it.Looking forward to Tannenberg!"
76561198110934834,Recommended,242860,28517195,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Thomas The Dank Engine,"I really love this game for one sole purpose it sheds light on world war one,  one of the most underated wars in world history even though it was one that would influence rules of engagement forever no other game shows world war one in such a manner that verdun and the small group of devs are probably the best in terms of response and listening i cant stress this enough DON'T GET SHITFIELD 1 GET THIS."
76561198067372342,Recommended,242860,13577699,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TheD3rp,"Went over the top, was immediately mowed down by a machine gun.10/10 realism.P.S: Mosqueton best gun all years."
,Recommended,242860,24987090,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Trouble,"Pro tip: The US servers are dead, not the game itself, Just join the EU servers and you'll have 200+ players online, and you'll still have a good connection."
,Recommended,242860,25570286,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,TALLCHAPO,This is a great game and I still recomend it but as of writing this I'm having serious crash problems. but I still recomend it.
,Recommended,242860,28695462,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lone Wolfos,Draw.  2accurate4me
,Recommended,242860,24073726,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,A R I Z O N A D O E R,"……..|::::::::|: : : : : : : : : _„„--~'''''~-„: : : : '|……..'|:::::::,': : : : : : :_„„-: : : : : : : : ~--„_: |'………|::::::|: : : „--~~'''~~''''''''-„…_..„~''''''''''''¯|………|:::::,':_„„-|: : :_„---~: : :|''¯¯''''|: ~---„_: ||……..,~-,_/'': : : |: :( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) : |: : : :|:( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)): \..|……../,'-,: : : : : ''-,_______,-'': : : : ''-„_____|……..\: :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : :„: : : : :-,: : : : : : : :\………',:': : : : : : : : : : : : :,-'__: : : :_',: : : : ;: ,'……….'-,-': : : : : :___„-: : :'': : ¯''~~'': ': : ~--|'………….|: ,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :: : :|………….'|: \: : : : : : : : -,„_„„-~~--~--„_: :: |…………..|: \: : : : : : : : : : : :-------~: : : : : |Get your leg blown off by a mortar, respawn, ""go over the top"", get into the trench and crawl around like a lizard in the chlorine gas. 12/10 would get my leg blown off again."
,Recommended,242860,25221326,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,mask1992,"Played many WW games (on PC and PS), and I liked Verdun more than most of them.Verdun is one of the best 5 WW games."
76561198277597338,Recommended,242860,25570128,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,N1K,its good very hard at first but when u get used to it it becomes fun
,Recommended,242860,28966015,Posted: 2 January,all,TrashKahn,"Warning: Verdun is highly addictive. Play at your own risk.Other than this, the game is always an adventure with every online game. I appreciate their nod to the more realistic aspects of war by making the rifles very powerful. It makes cutting down enemy charges seem just as deadly as they were in the First World War, and makes for some interesting moments in gameplay.The maps were extremely enjoyable, and satisfactory in historical accuracy as well, as they evoked a range of feelings throughout each playthrough. Champagne captured the darkest of feelings, with its depressing atmosphere of rain and muck, and the fact that in order to stay alive, you had to remain fighting within the trenches. Artois was similar, but also intense, as the sprint from your trench to the enemies across the mud and sludge of No-Mans Land became your only goal. You didn't care about shooting the enemy, or racking kills, (although shooting them was good fun), your mission was to make it across to the other side.This game has a unique game mode as well. Imagine Conquest from Battlefield, and then add trenches and the land in between. Each checkpoint is a trench, and rather than losing tickets for lives lost on both sides, you gain points for capturing or recapturing trenches. This composition of gameplay is by far, my favorite of all. The only downside is that out of the other game modes available, this is the only one that is playable, as there are not very many players interested in anything other than that specific one.To end with, this game is no Call of Duty. The developers managed to make the game seem less competitive, and more about the urge to survive. That is truly something to appreciate, as historical games in this genre should never be about their competitive edge, but about the emotions one feels from experiencing the game. History is violent, and should be remembered as such so as to never forget our past."
76561198257361700,Recommended,242860,32120508,Posted: 1 June,all,︻┳デ═—Spodermenツ,"I refunded the new vietnam game that came out a may 30th, because i couldnt get immersed. I downloaded this game for free (june 1st demo trial thing) and i fell inlove with it, it is very immersive, and the learning curve isnt as bad as i thought. it requires a lot of strategy which most games nowadays dont have. I am very impressed by the quality of this game. if you are on the virge of getting this or any other fps game, i highly recommend this game for its authenticity and brutality. 10/10 amazing.p.s.it is the best 8 dollars ive spent on a game, extremely well deserved. i even feel bad i didnt pay full price. never refunding this game. AMAZING.p.s.sa battle took me 40min and the game ended in a draw, many dead. just like the battles of ww1."
76561198254670698,Recommended,242860,32138953,Posted: 2 June,all,Manto1998,A beautiful and realistic ww1 game. Very good job developers! I love this game
76561198040087594,Recommended,242860,32153000,Posted: 3 June,all,Thaggart,"im a sniper on a squad call ""Bacon Squad"", we are tommies and americans and we kill germans because we love bacon and freedoom, if you ever see the bacon squad feel free to join.now about the game... IS GREAT, the feeling of being suppress, the fear of snipers, the emotion of a succesful charge or the fear and panic of a failed one. if you like the setting you owe yourself to try the game, is not bf1 thats for sure, but it is charming in its own gritty and muddy way.now i gotta go my nco is calling a charge.... CHAAAAAARGEEEE!!!!!"
76561198309947889,Recommended,242860,28398947,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Heinrich Himmler,the best ♥♥♥♥ing game in the world!!!!!!
76561198195165231,Recommended,242860,22151325,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Heisenburg,cool game and all. i cant really run hte game very well because the low graphics settings are like meduim basiclly. i will play again when they add ultra low graphics setting. i really did love the game  so if the creators read this PLEASE add ultra low graphics settings or make low look better.
,Recommended,242860,25262421,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,President Chad,A great game about essicially tag. Attack trench Retreat defend trench and repaeat. The whole classes within battalions are a bit comfusing but are kind of like insurgency. All in all Gets a 10/10 for the flamenwefer. !0/10 would roast Brits again.
,Recommended,242860,27000386,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Black Sambo,A game for those who thought BF1 was too unrealisticNeeds bigger matches though8/10
,Recommended,242860,27019938,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UHHHHHHHH BONELESS,"More realistic than Battlefield 1. Nerf the BAR, improve hitboxes, overall very good"
,Recommended,242860,25663859,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Exceptionally Priced Midsize SUV,A very solid and very challenging game where your teammates try to snipe instead of going into the thrench come on guys that's the only objective All that you have to do is go into the trench you have no other obligations hey maybe you can snipe while you are in the trench that is fine by me but please get into the trench. 10/10
76561198089761542,Recommended,242860,26738059,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Teatlis,"I love this game. Though it is one of those games that i play on occasion, everytime i get in-game it becomes extremely difficult to get out. Then, a couple of hours later, i do get tired of it. still, a very good, realistic, war game that i highly recommend"
76561198080253388,Recommended,242860,23241182,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Wolfshadow16,"I love historyWW1 was awful but the game really put you in the same sitution as those who have gone through WW1When I am in the trenches I am afraid of enemies coming behind me. The shooting from afar will take some time to get used to but it really fun when you get a kill, teamwork is a major factor when you play a match"
,Recommended,242860,32167277,Posted: 3 June,all,Parth,"Step 1. Buy gameStep 2. Install gameStep 3. Join gameStep 4. Put gore to UltraStep 5. Turn all sounds to the highest, and turnm off music.Step 6. Press F8Step 7. Proceed to have PTSD and Shell ShockStep 8.???Step 9. Profit"
,Recommended,242860,23624173,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Taxx,"this game is an amazing ww1 sim not to mention the community isn't toxic, and its just overall fun to play for hours"
76561198015616957,Recommended,242860,31961283,Posted: 25 May,all,RJ,Its free for now download it
76561197973138357,Recommended,242860,14777432,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,brendano_,The best WW1 game ever made.
76561198126102499,Recommended,242860,26019466,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,CokeSpray,"An excellent game for any fan of ""realistic"" WW1 Combat. The game functions well,but has some general issues with net coding (e.g. hit registrations) and similar stuff,however,given it's developed by a lesser known studio,it should come to no surprise that such minor things ,that would usually tag a game as unpolished,do occur.The gameplay depitcs WW1 fairy well,with trench warfare and bolt-action rifles being a huge focus. The game is rather slow-paced with matches lasting around 20 minutes.I can recommend this game to any person who is into WW1 and enjoys a realistic take on it in the form of a video game. The game is heavly based around teamwork - there is usually next to no room for solo play,especially when your team is attacking. Besides,rushing an enemy trench with a bunch of people is quite epic to see and most of the time works out well. However,if you are not very fond of dying quite often (especially early on in the game) and like to do things your own way,then you might want to pass on this one."
,Recommended,242860,18391434,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,My Waifu is my Laifu,"While a few bugs and glitches are present, Verdun captures the feeling of trench warfare, and sticks to realism. Poke your head out, you die. Charge in, you die. Wait back, you die. So on and so forth. The only other historic FPS I can really think of to match Verdun would be Red Orchestra Osfront/ Ref Orchestra 2, although they are WW2 shooters.9/10 in my book, good gameplay, realistic weapons, but a few glitches and bugs here and there that may annoy you somewhat."
76561198043603389,Recommended,242860,17419838,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,The | Kromb,"I held my hands over my head as artillery shells exploded around my trench. Dazed, I staggered forward, one goal in mind. ""Defend the trench!"" my mantra repeated, beating a tattoo into my consciousness. I reached my pillbox. Crouching, I blew my whistle. My men soon came to the pillbox, posting up around me. Shots rang from my gunner as he killed another enemy. ""All clear!"" I slowly raised myself until I could see out of the makeshift window. I saw movement in some of the underbrush. I called in a mortar shot on that position. Crouching again, I waited, each passing second an eternity............A small hiss rose into earshot. I wondered what it meant as my gunner shouted ""Grenade!"" The word was not even out of his mouth as a bright flash errupted just outside of the pillbox entrance. I was knocked senseless. Two things crossed my mind as I faded into darkness; my family, and how I would never see them again, and my joy as I heard my mortar shell strike home. The screams of my enemies became a lullaby as I drifted into oblivion.10/10This fps shooter is unlike any I have ever played. Set in WWI era, the bolt action rifle is king. Trenches are your castles, your lives, your tombs. You leave a trench, you die. You stand up, you die. You run zig-zag patterns towards the enemy trench, you die. Somewhere along the way, you start to put everything together. Killing gets easier. You develop a sense of danger, you learn to spot patterns. You discover how close of an ally patience is. Patience leads you to survival, and ultimately, your victory.Pros:-Realistic ballistics-Good balancing-Great bonuses for team playersCons:-No story mode (not complaining about this, just a head's up for players who are looking for some sort of story/campaign.Give it a go. It's definitely worth it."
76561198164514286,Recommended,242860,18206638,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Putin,pros:WW1 gameWW1 gameWW1 gameWW1 gameWW1 gameWW1 gameCons:None10/10
76561198226684556,Recommended,242860,27907822,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bobby_appleseed,"If you are looking for a true WW1 game, this would be it, NOT Battlefield 1."
76561198045618550,Recommended,242860,8329774,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Panderasaurus™,really good for a beta. has the right amount of teamwork and lone heroics to make it fun.
,Recommended,242860,30581873,Posted: 17 March,all,Mark of the Blade,"ayy bruhif you want rage quit material, then you have come to the right placeit takes only one bullet to kill someone and if that someone is you, prepare to smash your keyboard"
,Recommended,242860,29494412,Posted: 25 January,all,Niirah,"Not a bad game at all, it takes a good fair bit of aim and stratedgy to not be instantly killed, which is fun. The whole squad progression thing is just a joke though, I've found that most of the time I can have my own squad going, get to a reasonable level in a game, and then it's just reset. If you need to have the same members in the squad to actually level it up, then that's just unreasonable and dumb, honestly. It just means that you'll see one, maybe two squads in the entire game that are actually a higher level.If they made it depenant on say the squad founder's player level instead, then that could actually work. That's my biggest gripe, but if you don't mind being a very, very basic and weak squad whenever you play, then it's a'ight."
76561197974859675,Recommended,242860,20564213,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,smiley09,"I applaud the developers for focusing on an important but often overlooked period of history.  They've put in the effort to create an experience that takes you back to a gruesome conflict.  This game is a more realistic shooter than a casual one, and it is loads of fun to play.  The emphasis on cooperation with your squad mates is unique and adds to the experience."
,Not Recommended,242860,16528896,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Forze™,"Game looks appealing & i may come back to it, but here goes...Pro'sIt was cheap, Its different, thats about it.Con'sYou start with a crap gun with minimal scope range, you pop ur head up for a second & bangdead, go prone... dead, stand up... dead, rush the enemy... dead ...rinse & repeat, thats justnot fun imo, if your an old skool gamer who liked classics like MoHAA & any other similar gun& run shooters then you wont enjoy this sort of game as its more of a campfest, regardless ofplaystyle its hard/not fun for new players with lesser weapons with poor scope range in a mapof trenches & is basically a campfest, this just not a fun game for me personally.but i didnt rate it down for those reasons just because it doenst suit my game style preference,the game ui, options/server list is clunky & messy, the game itself feels clunky & doesntfeel smooth (even on my top rig with a GTX980 classy) the hitboxes are ok at best.RatingOverall it's worth a look at when its on sale (which it was when i got it) may come back,hopefully will improve, i dont want to give it a yes or a no, im stuck inbetween, but if ive gotto choose it has to be a no for me as theres much better FPS's out there for less money suchas insurgency."
76561198131808911,Recommended,242860,31584066,Posted: 6 May,all,Awesome10057,"I love this game, remember, just keep your head down!"
76561197994137223,Recommended,242860,14990371,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kershon,This game roc's...Better bring your war face and A+ game youll need it!
,Not Recommended,242860,15247340,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Maus,"I've played a bit of Verdun and I've had it since the first Christmas Truce. It was always a lot of fun and I found myself enjoying the mechanics greatly, happy that I had found an FPS that my crappy, budget machiene could run. With recent updates, my computer is rated with lower than acceptible specs and althoug my frames may be good, I suffer from gameplay issues that none of my friends seem to experience. I cannot shoot for a few seconds after moving, nor can I even aim while moving. Everything seems to take just a little bit longer for me, and it really sucks the fun out of a game when you can't even defend yourself.Overally I think this is a wonderful game, but I thought it was better before they started overhauling everything. I don't know what changed that destroied my computer's performance in-game, but I hope it gets fixed. Until then, I cannot recommed this game to anyone else who is stuck running on a budget computer."
,Recommended,242860,17385743,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ShiftyPowers,"Verdun is a fun and realistic WW1 game with everything to offer. It is very team based, so get your mic ready! The gameplay is terrific with great mechanics within the trench gameplay. I recommend this game and it is worth every penny!"
,Recommended,242860,21579812,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Baron Von Blitz,"Mixes elements from series such as Battlefield and Red Orchestra to deliver a great FPS experience. A fresh setting, exciting gameplay, and interesting mechanics will keep you coming back for another day in the trenches. There is a learning curve to this game, and it is a little unforgiving at times, but it is easy enough to catch on in a short time.Most impressingly, it manages to take an experience like WW1, with its trench warfare, and make it not only playable, but quite enjoyable. There are enough maps, guns, and levelling mechanics to keep things fresh. Definitely worth the price of admission.The community is quite active, and the development team frequently updates the game, and give news updates."
76561198272286869,Recommended,242860,24198814,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,superspiffy1488,"Amazing game. However don't expect to instantely get good within a few hours. This game is a death simulator if you don't understand how to fight trench warfare. You will die a lot, but the times that you do get a kill will feel like you actually accomplished something.  Recomend it a lot. Also make sure you have a stress ball in case of anger, because trust me, you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off."
,Recommended,242860,23939857,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,best syrian sweets,Brilliant game and brilliant graphics if your computer is man enough
,Recommended,242860,30437013,Posted: 10 March,all,[OpFor] SSY,"As a person who enjoy realistic tactical shooters like Arma, Insurgency and Squad, Verdun provides realism to the point where the game feels really immersive.Especially how suppressive fire actually suppresses enemies (when bullets flyby near you, your view gets distorted and your aim significantly decreases temporarily) really adds more fun factor to the game.It's also one of the few games which I won't focus on my stats in game but more on achieving objectives. It doesn't matter if someone is playing really bad, nobody will care and continue to focus on their objectives.Also appropriately sized maps don't make you waste so much time getting to the battlefield yet makes flanking possible even with the vast no-man's land to cross.Lastly, you start to notice your teammates more and support them in this game. When I see a squad running towards the enemy trenches, I start to lay down suppressing fire on the enemy so they keep their heads down. Doesn't matter if I hit them, I just fire right over the barracks. If I'm stranded alone in a dug up near the enemy trenches, I'll wait for my squad members to reach me then flank the enemies.Skill matters but a good strategy(or luck) can have a huge impact in the game.Only problems I have with this game are:1. Aiming on some weapons aren't very accurate. I've read some threads on reddit complaining about the same problem.2. In some unbalanced games, enemies were sniping out my team as soon as we respawn.I guess implementing few second invincibility when respawning or finding some new safe respawn zones would fix this problem.3. Some roles are heavily underpowered. Like that one with a mace and three grenades. After you throw those nades, you're basically a human shield?"
,Recommended,242860,24820847,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,BigDiggerNick,"Verdun is a unique game from all WW1 games, it gives you trench warfare but action along with it, it may seem a bit high in price but it's definately worth it!"
,Recommended,242860,25890424,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ranger,"Great WW1 feel. Large weapon selection. Varied maps for close up trench warfare or battles across no mans land. Specific moments when weapons have advantages such as grenades and flamethrower class in trenches and snipers in long range picking off. Light machine guns are effective in situations too. Rifles are single shot which makes shooting tacticalThe main game mode with most players have games based on attacking an enemy trench line, holding it, and then preparing for the other teams counter attack. Or defending the attack, if you successfully defend then you change to attacking and attack the enemy's foward trench. Battles can go back and forwards, reach stalemates or one team may advance the furthest and win. Its an objective based game, so if you can find people to get on comms with then it can be greatMost guns apart from some pistols are one shot kill, no matter where you hit themRealistic, atmospheric battles with artilery strikes and gas warfareOverall great game if your looking for a tactical shooter with fun/varied weapons, maps and classes. Great battles. This is not like COD, not an arcade run and gun shooterBe warned: you will die a lot when you start out, and still die when you know the game more. This is a realistic game with one shot killing"
,Recommended,242860,20386968,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kota Fox,"downright amazing game, needs more content..i know they had more rifles than just one or two for each country...thats my only real complaint about this...this game, i highly reccomend it for anyone thats looking for something different in a first person shooter"
,Recommended,242860,22275329,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Alderson [51IB],"At last Verdun has become a truly great game. It has been developing for a long time and has improve vastly since I first downloaded the game, when it was free and only had Germans and French soldiers and officers. The graphics have improved a ton as well as in-game content. Also there are no micro transactions (yet) so you get everything you see."
,Recommended,242860,29561182,Posted: 29 January,all,Deadid,"Verdun is a good balanced but hard game. There are no overpowered weapons, but way underpowered, like the Mauser or many french ones (not meant to be racist).You can go to the instruductions and change your HUD to so many different ways, that it looks like you're inside the game.It's most fun with mates, better 3 of them.In 1 squad you got 4 classes, which are mostly:Squad leader: Can do gas or artillery support, but the weapons are not that mighty or you got no secondary.Sniper: Not to conquer, but to support. Better lay in the grass behind your own trench and get some headshots.Allied] Gunner: Can be used to conquer and to defend, but got less ammo.[German] Gunner: Heavy MG, can only be used by laying, so you are the defender, to conquer you got to us a pistol.Nader/Scrapper: You got many or mighty nades, to help your team catching the enemy trench, or get campers trying to get your trench.But there is some kinda special thing, theFlamethrower: You know that in this corner is a camper and your team cant go forward? Burn him. Bur try to keep it close range.So choose a class you can play with, play with mates and you'll hit nothing while moving. Atleast not that much.So, hope this was helpfull."
,Recommended,242860,34534370,Posted: 27 August,all,MATKE,Best simulation of World War 1!
,Recommended,242860,32115258,Posted: 1 June,all,Bladelyst,Slow paced history shooter. Exactly what I love. 9/10 Verdun.
76561198153682706,Recommended,242860,32482698,Posted: 16 June,all,xxxlovefromadolf,"Realistic, unlike BF1, this game is really about the trench warfare. The unique use of bolt-action rifles, machineguns only usable deployed and the extra's, gives you a real WW1 experience. The only thing i could add to this game, is that the graphics can be somewhat higher. For the rest: If you like WW1 and you want a REAL experience, buy it, worth every penny!"
76561198088058747,Recommended,242860,22766969,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Bernard,this game is brillant none of that cod♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242860,35468231,Posted: 4 October,all,☞Matthew♠,"Very Fun Game, i do recommend it to people that have the patience to learn!PROS:Good Gun Physics.Fun To Play.Very nice people that help teach newbies etc.CONS:Hard to find AUS games."
,Recommended,242860,32732880,Posted: 24 June,all,nigglet nigel,spawn die repeat
,Recommended,242860,34312890,Posted: 17 August,all,Lt Mentle,"Verdun is a special FPS in my eyes. People either hate it or love it and I love it. It has simple and easy to get into gameplay while still having a hint of cautious style gameplay like Red Orchestra 2 or Day of Infamy and it doesn't completely replicate that it's still there while you feel like you're a soldier in the trenches and no man's land as you go from foxhole to foxhole and finally feel satisfaction when you get into the enemies trench, but know that you still have to kill any enemies in that trench so you're always in danger along with more realistic style weapon ballistics, so it works well like a bolt-action rifle killing someone in one hit while a smaller pistol takes 2-3 shots, so if you desire a more realistic approach to World War 1 then I reccomend Verdun and the upcoming Tannenburg of course."
76561198313207218,Recommended,242860,34258687,Posted: 15 August,all,Muted_Titan,"Heard from someone I dislike greatly that ""BF1 is Life brah"", so just to spite him, I bought this game instead.Start it up, have NO IDEA how this game works and hide in a corner. Promptly die. Restart class. Buy a pistol (class type) run in... Expend all my shots in a single go. Hit nothing. Reload. It takes a full 10 seconds to eject and extract mag, insert new one and pull the slider. Die again.Get REALLY annoyed when it 'isn't like the other shooters'.I mean.... ""really? THAT long to reload?""Realise that my avatar is a real person and not a speed loader.Realise it's NOT BF1.Suddenly interested in this game, It's different. It's... REAL.Ask for help. The 'Vets' give it in spades (sometimes I'd just run around aksing questions in the chat).Chat is really helpful, but confusing as I don't quite 'get' the language of the game yet.Learn the language.Play for hours. Days... Weeks. Feel like a baws when I get 5 kills to my 26 deaths.The community is really supportive. feels good.Get better. die, die, die again.... Rinse and repeat. But with every death, I learn.Learn quicker reactions.... Get better - Suddenly I'm up to a 12/24 KDR. Learning.Level up. im no longer a 'Replacement',Suddenly OG Vets are asking for my input. I actually start helping them!See that the younger ones are asking for help, start giving it in spades.Am now a veteran myself....Watch as my 'charges' grow and learn.And listen to what little wisdom I can give.Artois: pinned down by several 'Tommies'.Saved by one of my former 'Charges' with an expertly thrown grenade.Relise the Kinder I taught two and a hlaf months ago is now my Kameraden.VERDUN. Feels man. Feels.10/10 will teach again."
,Recommended,242860,8590699,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Reinhard,"Epic WWI Game with Fun World-Wide multiplayer, Highly reccomend. If you can't take being killed alot and relentless charging, get the hell of my review."
,Recommended,242860,11455549,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,tea is smelly water,"For the 2 hours I played of this game in one single sitting, I can say that I thouroughly enjoyed this. The teamplay of the people I played with was remarkable, and the gameplay was quite fun. However, when I tried this game on lowest settings at 720p, I still could only get a maximum of around 90fps, and on ultra at 720p I could get an average of around 60fps, with a maximum of about 80fps.PROS:Fairly good graphics,Good enjoyable gameplay,Good community so far,Big battlefield,Realistic to an extent.CONS:Not too well optimised,Sometimes hits don't register,Sound doesn't sound too good.I'd recommend this, even at the full price. Buying at the full price could give the developers a bigger budget to improve this already amazing WWI shooter. Pick it up now."
,Recommended,242860,19983682,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Rarest_Pepe,"It's aight, get better and worse with each update."
76561198082951260,Recommended,242860,13655774,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Fuzzy_Wafflz,This is a great buy everyone should get I got mine on sale and am trying to convince all my friends to get it. you play as a soldier in WWI and the trench warfare is awesome back and forth. the gameplay is brutual and you have to learn how to pop upand down to not get killed but still get kills. its very team based you get points for staying around your noncom and ilove playing as the different classes i usally play as a german CO its tuns of fun and a must buy the matches are long and when you are in a good match you wish they were even longer. see you in the trenches(oh and theres no trench foot :P)
,Recommended,242860,16553178,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Wide Load,"This game has so much potential. Despite the small amount of bugs which is normal for a new multiplayer game, it is extremely enjoyable to play. Developers are really dedicated to updates and bug fixing. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,242860,11420700,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Chinlee52,Had lotsa fun rushing trenches with my squad. Best WW1 game I have seen in a long time.
76561198083269335,Recommended,242860,15027788,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Dominator,This game reminds me when i play medal of honor for the first time on playstation 1.The gameplay is awesome and someting you dont see anny more.
76561198013271828,Recommended,242860,14963683,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,NordKung,"Game, is good, alltough it gets boring after a while, there is little to no bullet drop, so u get killed real easy. You die from one shot to the leg.What the game needs to add is roleplay, Or a gamemode like trench survival, where u get to maintain a trench, and ranks would be in order and launch attaks when the team is ready.If u are in to War games, or like ww1 then i recomend it, it has alot of connection issues that needs to be fixed otherwise i would not recomend it to avrage gamers."
,Recommended,242860,12194447,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Segur,"Basically RO set during WW1. Definitely needs some tweaking, but if you're a fan of WW1 themed games, it is a must have."
,Recommended,242860,13397284,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Emberhard,Killed 4 frenchmen with a shovel.10/10
,Recommended,242860,11453846,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Monten,"The game and the concept is good, although there are several bugs:- Ghost bug -> auto kick- TimeOuts- stability and performance issuesStill I give the game 8/10"
76561198008231104,Recommended,242860,16459182,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Zorak,"Best World War 1 game ever. Once I found this I came twice and still♥♥♥♥♥to this day whenever I kill a Frenchie or a Brit with my sleek sexy Gewehr 98. I always imagine cleaning it with my tongue up and down and through every groove until either all the rust and dust are gone or until I die of metal shards in my mouth and throat and bleed internally. So what are you waiting for? Half Life 3? No way in hell dude. Do you wanna die of old age or bleeding internally? Think about it, I'll be in my trench killing Brits and Frenchies once you make up your mind"
,Recommended,242860,12213458,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[21st.NC.A]Rct.Scott_Fox,Its one of my favorite games to play and they keep coming out with new things. i do think it needs more ppl in the treanches but i will admit it can lag from time to time but once you get thro that lag strom its a ton of fun. it is a very intense game and can be almost imposable at times but it is ♥♥♥♥ awesome when you get three head shots in a row from acrost the map and then gas the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them. so i say get it
76561197975464456,Recommended,242860,8348279,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Decoy,"Technically a little rough, but given that the development team consists of three people, I'm actually quite impressed with what they've managed to accomplish.The Great War is a woefully underrepresented setting in video games and Verdun does an admirable job of attempting to remedy that."
76561198021630797,Recommended,242860,12232513,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Hart,The First World War game which we deserve.
,Recommended,242860,16755162,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Elia,"This Game is Fun as hell,its just intense charging the trenches as bullets whistle above your head and artillary pounding and defending, game is over all fun and glad they have tryed the ww1 Genre"
76561198093268594,Recommended,242860,16547265,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,General Corneel de Vos,"The first thing I have to say about Verdun that it is an really enjoyable and fun to play game, having the satisfaction of killing enemy in this game makes you just want to play on, I also like How the maps are very nicely detailed with cups and unexploited shells and helmets, I also like how the battlefields feel realistic with the excellent graphics and sound effects just really makes the battlefields come to life.The gameplay is fun and enjoyable and I really feel that it simulates trench warfare perfectly! And I like how every team has to do a bit of defence and offence  in the games with One team attacking and the other defending, and I also like how each teen takes turns doing a defence and attack during a game, and I also love the kneeling and crawling controls, these controls allow you to move around the map within cover, and the weapons feel very nice to use and it allows you to take logn range Shots, and I also love how each team has more than one trench to catcher, or fall back into.Verdun is a very good game but every game has its flaws, I don't like how you can't tell where your grenades most likely going to land instead you have to try your best to hit your mark, and I also don't like how there is a severe lack of a tutorial on how to play the Game, and I also don't like how when you are in a cloud of poisonous gas it says in the text that you are in a cloud of gas, but it doesn't tell you to press  4 to put on your gas mask, and I also don't like how the in game chat, is in the top right corner instead of the bottom left corner like I'm used to having it in Mountain and blade, and I also don't like how ANZAC soldiers, have not been add to this game yet, we New Zealanders Fort in this war to!Despite its flaws Verdun is definitely a game worth getting, and it has the EMPERORS sticker of approval, You definitely must pick up this game before the Steam sale ends tomorrow!"
76561198030109797,Recommended,242860,12907531,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The Architect,"What Up What Up!So I purchased this game for me and 3 of my friends. I have to say its an interesting concept and can be lots of fun but also frustrating. The game has a couple of Balance issues that need to be addressed, more specifically the G98 (Scoped Rifle for Germany) It nullifies pretty much any other weapon in the game, people hack to have it for countries it dosent belong to (should give you an idea of how spammed this rifle is) I suggest limiting the number of scoped soldiers on the battlefield to 2 so that they can get back to the better feel of the trench warfare... cant really fight in the trenches if your being killed by over spammed scoped rifles from 5 billion miles away. Granted the game is early beta so there is still a few bugs that need to be fixed but no real major ones except for optimizing connectivity, anymore than 130 players online and my ping suffers (400+ Ping is unplayable and you just become cannon fodder.. hell anything over 170 and you might aswell stop playing). Which is sad because its quiet addicting and has alot of ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥their coming"" moments LOL I also hope the developers dont listen to the spam♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who want tanks implimented or planes, it would just sully the experience and make the game virtually impossible to level up if a higher tier soldier comes into the game and just continuely spawns in a tank or plane with no real way of taking them out unless with another tank (at this time). I do suggest to anyone who is going to get the game that you set everything to ultra and increase your field of view... some NML zones are quiet expansive and having a low sight render will leave you high and dry. I play everything maxed out and I run:-Dual GTX 760 SLI (really only need one) Graphics Card-Intel i5-4670k CPU-16G RAM\60-70 FPS/Having a better machine will obviously give you a sight advantage over those with something alittle more datedContra Says: 7.6/10"
,Recommended,242860,30456000,Posted: 11 March,all,Basil,Need it's improvements but really brings ww1 to life.Fun!
76561198006674825,Recommended,242860,22962990,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,MintHaggis,"Its brutal, but in a fun way, and captures the terror in the threnches. I would highly recemend, would love if I had friends who played this, since it is more squad focused."
,Recommended,242860,16033403,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Suisse,"Fantastically well done, especially given the limited resources of the dev team. Charging as Nahkampfer with a shovel and five grenades makes for a very memorable and entertaining experience."
,Recommended,242860,21070338,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dr. Herculeez,-Deploy an MG and re-live the brutality of WW1.-Run at heavily defended positions in brightly coloured uniforms.-Listen to the menu music and smoke a pipe while twirling your moustache.11/10
,Recommended,242860,12216246,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Silent Pancake,"To sum up Verdun in one sentence I would have to say this:Verdun is what the War FPS genre has been missing.I can't get enough of this game, and the team behind it are some of the most passionate and dedicated people around.Tactical, beautiful and as close as we're going to get to a WW1 simulator. Whenever I play this game I feel a huge sense of tension. Every attack and every defence feels exciting, every inch gained or lost matters. Deploying tactics with your squad is great fun. You have to think about everything that you do, there's no run and gun option that will work out in the long run. You have to take the time with every decision to make sure it's the right one. I can't wait for the final release, and I can't wait to see what improvements are coming our way next.Buy Verdun, it's over the top."
76561198136201158,Recommended,242860,24054312,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Veritas Meum,"Don't buy BF1 where you can't play as French or Russian, buy this game ! It's excellent and so immersive !"
76561198052094113,Recommended,242860,12971025,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Master_ape,"Verdun -Sure, this game is in Beta still, so much can change until it is a complete game. I have bought it yesterday, and played 3 hours now. Seriously, if you have loved Call of Duty 2 as much as I did, then you will love this game just as much (if not even a lot more!!).The 3 hours I have played on it were really, really, really intense..Here is a short discription of what you have to expect: Basically you are in WW1, in a standard trenchwarfare battle.You choose your squad and have to either attack or defend your line, puching into the enemy trenchline or falling back into yours... tumbeling through no-mans land. You have a choice of 4 different roles, each with different weapons. These weapons are unlocked with the leveling up of your squad: The better the squad, the better the weapons.The battles I was on took about 45 minutes. Yes, this might sound boring, charging across the same map over and over again. But trust me, it is not!!As I have said before, this game is still in Beta, but the sounds from the bullets and the explosions are amazing already!This game has 100% my thumbs up! I am really happy I have bought it and cant wait for the next update!!"
76561198026037426,Recommended,242860,13005045,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,andraz.kamenik,"It has been 100 years, here something for first person shooter fans.http://andrazkamenik.blogspot.com/2014/11/verdun.html"
,Recommended,242860,23745821,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,starwarsman78,"I run into the trenches, I find someone. I stare at him both of us are fumbling around trying to aim and in the end I die a tragic death since he shoots me.19/18Actual review: I am personally enjoying this. I love that it's during world war 1 a war not usually explored. The gas masks,maps,weapons,uniforms, the reload animations etc are so authentic I love it. It's a little slow paced but I highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,242860,11458556,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Nukuls,"I thought Battlefield 1 was Origin exclusive, but I managed to find it on Steam."
,Recommended,242860,14140664,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Allgemeine,"Verdun is fun as it stands, but glitchy, and hard to recommend against the much better, and very similar, Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm. My biggest gripe is that it values the accuracy of its historical maps, but it doesn't currently value the authenticity of its weapons or the laws of physics."
76561198214229512,Recommended,242860,16341520,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GuerrillaXSoldier,Great Game! Sort of like COD but with old weapons and an actual frontline. In my opinion this is the best pvp shooter that ive played.
76561198074235815,Recommended,242860,21971433,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Dave Hume,It's like insurgency but with guns
,Recommended,242860,23736234,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[66thR] Jack,10% luck20% skill15% concentrated power of will5% pleasure50% painand 100% reason to purchase this game10/10 would gas some gas again
45678095687932113,Recommended,242860,19060414,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Cheetowarrior27,is gud game.
,Recommended,242860,25215915,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Flavius Belisarius,"I had to lie down in a pile of my friends corpses to hide from the german forces and was able to shoot them from behind, before the corpses despawned and I was promtly gang-bannged by 6 questionably aged germans. 10/10 would fail at re-making Enemy at the Gates."
76561198144525612,Recommended,242860,19993533,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TAW|Seb,U need to get this historicaly game!10/10
,Recommended,242860,14519292,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Euphoric,"If you like Red Orchestra, Insurgency, any other realism type game, then you'd definitely like this. Not only is this game ridiculously fun, but it is also a cool trip back through history. I appreciate this game."
76561198142659529,Recommended,242860,14718181,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ekawecki97,awesome
,Recommended,242860,8220232,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Blaiz3d,"Just got this game, but already love it. You can fully experience the monotony and deadliness of the trench warfare which no other game offers. You can play 8 different classes from both Germand and French side which have slightly different skills. The game is still in development so you can experince some bugs, but it gets updated quite often. Definitely worth the money :)"
76561198150778122,Recommended,242860,12614802,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,BigBossKelso,Barely bought this game and i love it !!!!Way better than COD lol
76561197985799206,Recommended,242860,30498947,Posted: 13 March,all,whatever,Clunky physics and nice hardcore WWI.  Addicting.  Nice active community and great squadplay.  Recommended.
76561198177103491,Recommended,242860,22817573,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Oudekerk,8/10  Great GameBest WW1 shooter and game in general
76561197988799299,Recommended,242860,19303317,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,St. Eesti,Every once in a while there is a patch that messes things up but they fix it super fast. Otherwise a highly addicting FPS without all the useless DLC. Truly a new classic.
,Recommended,242860,23281951,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Storm The Gates,"First thing's first, Verdun doesn't play like other FPS games. Don't play it expecting another Call of Duty or Counterstrike. It is brutal and unforgiving as a WW1 game should be and that's exactly why I like it. You will die, many times. Sometimes you will die being caught on barbed wire, sometimes from a sniper or machinegun shot that you never saw fired, sometimes from relentless artillery barrages. I really enjoy it as it just feels _right_ in it's WW1 setting. It's never long till you respawn and join the next wave though. Try Verdun for a different, historical FPS experience.I will say there seem to be some issues surrounding hit detection and some 'teleporting' where you suddenly bounce into the air, but they are few and far between. I look forward to future updates to the game!"
,Recommended,242860,17165051,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,FallenRangerz,"One of the most realistic WW1 shooters you'll ever find in your lifetime. One bullet anywhere and you're dead, besides the pistols obviously. This game has a unique way of forcing you to play together as a squad and you get rewarded tremendously for doing so. Of course, being a lone wolf doesn't have any negative impact but does have a slight chance at messing up the whole outcome of a match. Every single man counts in this game, even the ones with 0 kills and over 60 deaths."
76561198044816817,Recommended,242860,15153382,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Evencheaper,"Great game, Just amzing.... Gameplay you feel like your there... Yes your there in early 20th century ready to cross no mans land and fight the hun or the brits or french... it depends on which side your playing as haha. Anyway This game could be alot greater maybe if it had a bit more players, i know its still a beta which gives it a chance to adapt to anything which i have seen over the years, games like this make it. But with people the way they are now, its all about the action (look at anygame one of the main points that come up are battle size) all so reducing the grenade damage or have a grenade icon showing where it is would be nice due to the fact that the grenades in verdun are sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and sqards get destroyed within secs. Thats also why we need more players kinda like red orchestra. Well there almost haha.The thing is that they should add more battle maps like fighting in africa or golipoli i dont know just more battles cause playing the same ones over and over again makes people not want to play. I mean if you know whats expected whats the point of playing. We also need more units, Anzac, Turks, Belguim (small part but still) Russia. For the 20 dollars or what ever it cost in your country its deffinetly worth it if they had just more, by more i mean way more its gona take time but if the game designers keep doing what they do. And actually add more to the game i see this going far"
,Recommended,242860,15602821,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Antiwarus,"After playing from the games start on early access to now, Verdun has shaped up and became a very good and beautiful game."
76561198151044942,Recommended,242860,19293490,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MrLortho,"I can't recommend this game enough. If you're looking for a FPS that really does justice to WW1 and simulates trench warfare, this is it. It's a beautiful game with a unique spin on the typical domination game mode, and  it has a robust progression system."
,Recommended,242860,19227814,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,General Howe,Bolt action rifle simulator 201510/10but seriously its good
76561198057490827,Recommended,242860,19690218,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,GoldenGnome,"When you buy it you'll die a lot and rage.One day you'll play and realize you're dying and raging less than before.A few days later you realize you've got the hang of one of the classes and start using it.You're now ready to fully appreciate Verdun.This ain't your grand pappy's fps. No sir. Verdun is a game that doesn't try to appeal to a broad consumer base, it's a rather interesting attempt to translate the horror of fighting in the First World War to something we as gamers can experience and maybe have some fun with and I think that from that basis, the game does that 10/10.The squad based gameplay is really something to be enjoyed, when you have a proper organized squad that fights as a group, the battlefield is your playground. You'll progress together and unlock more passive bonuses that only apply when it's you playing together. You'll unlock powerfull artillery that can pound the enemy team and win you the game and later war uniforms that make you a known visually on the battlefield as Elites.Verdun forces you to play as a squad and a team. A key part to enjoying this game is learning your role in that mix and making a real impact in the outcome of the match. Feeling that victory when it was YOU who held the line and allowed your team to retake the trench in the last 30 seconds of a half hour stalemate is something you won't find in COD, Battlefront or any other fps.I'd really reccomend this game if you're a gamer that really enjoys historically based games and casually plays an fps from time to time. You might also enjoy it if you're suffering from COD exhaustion and need something fresh because it really is fresh. At the end of the day Verdun is value for money and the Devs are continually releasing more content that makes the enjoyable experience already there even better."
76561198127803128,Recommended,242860,19694928,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,long chin man,"Very well made, obviously a lot of work has been put into it."
,Recommended,242860,19699263,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Scuzza,"One of the only good World War I shooters out there. It's great the dev's of this are putting in a lot of time and effort and trying something new especially since it's such a niche audience. Verdun looks promising so far. The gun play is pretty fun and the mechanics of attacking and defending work well. Only negative viewz I have of Verdun is the fact the the server population is pretty low, maybe max you will see 400-500 players on the EU server, the other servers is a different question, many not even having any players online. Also the poor optimization but that can be fixed in patches, the core gameplay is solid.Is gud, buy it."
76561198020497103,Recommended,242860,17281163,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Plissken,What's the price of a mile?
76561198058725803,Recommended,242860,33066208,Posted: 30 June,all,Kimchi,i have ptsd from this
76561198035654347,Not Recommended,242860,28958686,Posted: 2 January,all,Ace of Shades,"Long Story Short:>> Hackers shooting through the ground and walls all day long.>> Not tactical, much less historical.>> South American servers are a joke.Long Story:First off, there are no servers for South America IN South America. If you live in SA the delay (ping) of the servers are pretty much the same as the ones in US - from 150 to over 300 ms. Today I got a better ping on US servers than SA, and I live in Brazil. For this very reason SA servers are dead and with no conditions of attracting players.This is a WW1 trench FPS infantry focused game. And this is NOT a Tactical Shooter, with the only class with a determined function being the officer.Don't expect use of supressive fire, unless the gunner wants to get without ammo and having to charge with a pistol (what I actually end up doing). While MGs in this kind of game have usually from 500 to 750 rounds, on this one it goes from 120 to 200. The fast respawn ironically encorages killing yourself for more ammo.Although the weapons available and enviroment suggests it is late WW1, there are no Maxim or Vickers. MG08/MG11 are available, but again strikes with the issue of low reserve ammo. Not only that, the bipod have the most awkward deploys I have ever seen - deployment is not responsive, has very restrict arc and you keep your whole body far higher than the gun, to the point you get overexposed.Beyond all this issues, there is the problem with hackers. I have seen people walking and firing through walls, through the ground, walking in mid air and so on."
,Recommended,242860,25268233,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Zanjiri,It's animations looks real. M2H succed to make everything of WW1 in a vidoegame. Good graphics and addictive gameplay are forcing me to go on and not stop the game. Try it and enjoy for many hours.
,Recommended,242860,22841087,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Der.Nelly,great gave love it totaly worth the money cant wait for next update
,Recommended,242860,10628475,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Viper Bite,A cool WW1 game that is very addicting but needs some fixing.
,Recommended,242860,10519413,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Freshness,"A fantastic WW1 game (a rarity these days) which encompasses a good level of realism mainly due to shooting mechanics/tactics as well as practically 1 shot deaths. The visuals are medium but I hope will improve over time as this game is still in beta. If you played RO2 and Rising Storm, you will love this as much.Pros:Great shooting mechanicsGood soundGreat atmosphereHigh level of teamwork requiredGreat optimisation, works on practically any machine (even ran well on my GT 330M)Cons:To many hints and unnecessary things in the UI, which can ruin the realism (e.g a gps style map, ammo count and ect.). A realism mode will hopefully be added sooner or later.Lags and bugs but since this is a beta, it is expected.Mediocre graphics which I hope will be further developed in the future. On the other hand, my 5 year old crappy laptop can run this! :DA bit too complicated level up system which I still don't fully understand.Get this game! It's great and we need more players!"
,Recommended,242860,10551391,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,~[F.A.R.T.]~ djfishfish,A Great game-dont let the price or the fact the there are only 3 deveoplers. This is a great game and i recommend it. It has its bugs which forced me to end my first day to soon. When the bugs are fixed and a few things changed in game you will have a great game that you will not regret spending the money on. For only 18.99 you cant go wrong.
76561198072589556,Recommended,242860,10571014,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,mr popo,"Absolutely great, new, refreshing FPS. It's hard to compare it to any other games because it's so original. Here's how I'd break the gameplay down. Battlefield:1914. It has the realistic gunplay, the teamwork, and the large maps. Except the thing is, you are pretty much forced to use teamwork the whole time; which isn't a bad thing by far. You have a strict area of either: attack, or defend. As of now there are two factions you can play as, the German Empire, or the French Republic. Though they will be adding more factions as it is updated I believe. You have personal rank progression and then you have class progression within your squadron. And there are two types of squadrons, scouts, and regular. It's a great game, but it does have a few bugs here and there, and it can be a pain to make a squadron with your buddies and get into a game. It's better just to join one on the server-wide map of Europe. Which is pretty cool. Anyways, the game is still in beta, so if you don't like bugs, eh... But if you want a refreshing new FPS. Or just a WWI game in general since there are so few of them. DEFINATLY pick up Verdun."
,Recommended,242860,10680473,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Well fuck me sideways. He,"Possibly one of the best warfare-based FPS games I've played since CoD and MoH were actually good (about CoD 4 or MoH AA). This game actually makes you move tactically and literally kills you if all you do is keep rushing the enemy trying to end up behind them and spawn camp.If you like the old CoDs and MoHs, buy this. If you like the new ones, you won't like it. It is not an easy game and you do need to use some skill and teamwork to win."
76561198060591080,Recommended,242860,17292150,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,WCNeuhaus1994,This is not COD. This is exactly what a FPS should be!
76561198147423739,Recommended,242860,17545215,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Weaponized Autism,"everytime i play as the germans, it says,Got mittunsi saygood for u"
,Recommended,242860,17972424,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Raziel,"Death Korps of Krieg Simulator 2015(honestly, it's a great game)"
76561198007907766,Recommended,242860,13606222,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Jibbz,"Spawned in my trench with squad NCO issued command, charged the enemy line through puddles of mud through gaps of barb wire all throughout no-man's land, through a cloud of mustard gas squad mate next to me got shot  made it just before enemy trench got shot in the head 10/10Okay I Just bought this game for 7 dollars and I must say it is money well spent.  Very well done for an early access game.  I can't complain.After playing a few more days I must say I'm very dissapointed in myself that I have not picked this game up sooner would pay full price if i had to."
76561198124352379,Recommended,242860,10524245,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MasterOfDisaster,"If you enjoy shooting and large scale warfare then this is the game for you, its easy to get into it and you get into action straigh away. I found it fun defending and attacking. The game is 24 vs 24 players and the maps are well constructed and fun( especially in the frontline). Overall this is an enjoyable game but hopefully as the game is not fully finished more stuff could be added"
,Recommended,242860,23706458,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,regrants,"Cringe inside a crater filled with the corpses of both sides as an MG shoots over your head.Flank a trench and bayonet three people, opening a breach so the rest of the team can capture the trench.Giggle madly while sprinting forward and throwing four grenades - or one stack of nine grenades - into the enemy.Bemoan the American squads' gunsights.Call artillery of varying sizes into the enemy's spawn. Call smoke in front of an MG. Call gas in a trench, then charge into it.Put a command aura on yourself so you can get more points for your artillery kills instead of directing your squad.Grumble about barbed wire.Sprint forward only to be shot in the head. Watch your corpse continue for a few steps, then tumble awkwardly into the trench you lost your life trying to reach.Use the US Marine trenchgun and watch everyone hate you. Use the Pioneer Wex flamethrower on people just out of range.Engage in riveting political discussions in allchat.Get PTSD from the Ultra Gore settings. Try to ignore the screams.Attempt to figure out how the squad levelling system works.Run into the same patch of barbed wire again and again.Snipe an enemy from across the map with a revolver.Instakill someone with a shovel.Hide in corpses, then make more corpses.Play Verdun."
76561197986169017,Recommended,242860,23771796,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Stern,"First game, spawn in a trench. Run out off it, get my legs blown off. Body flies back into trench. My characters screaming, blood every where. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,23675695,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,creepybookshelf,"Truly an amazing game. Large servers with cool people, and the gameplay is spectacular. Choices of gamemodes for people who want a little bit of everything that the game has to offer, being able to play as multiple squad-types from different countries with an endless array of weapons. You've got free for all, team deathmatch, squad defence against endless waves of bots trying to take your trenches, and the most popular, total trench warfare.The thousands of other reviews tell one single truth: this game will make you angry. And in the midst of this anger, you will find great satisfaction when you shoot an enemy after you have died countless times. Your KDR will suck. Your will to play will dwindle. It's one of those games where you'll have very good rounds and very bad rounds. But you will definitely have fun, and better yet, this game comes to consoles August 30, so the amount of players will only grow.Worth every cent, and is one of the greatest games I've ever played. Based off gameplay I've seen, this game trumps Battlefield 1 in terms of gameplay, community, and overall design.10/10"
76561198112397200,Recommended,242860,23638706,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Black_Fortune,I played it and is hard as  f*** asl. Barlley I can see enemy to kill it. This is the most realistic WWI ever. But I cannot wait for Battlefiel 1.Buy and you will see it!!Verduc 8/10
,Recommended,242860,23641999,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,[Jewcy™] Pastee,Really realistic and amazing graphics for an old game
33333333333333333,Recommended,242860,23657763,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Adanar,"With the upcoming release of battlefield 1, there is concern that Verdun could die out, and I would sincerely hope not. Verdun really hits that WW1 vibe, with very few automatic weapons, bullets that actually have an effect as opposed to unloading 15 rounds from an assualt rifle into someone only to have them stab you. The regening health could be seen as an issue, but since weapons will kill you in maximum 3 bullets, there are very few times that the health regen is able to have an effect. Verdun gets the trench combat down, and i'm really dissapointed to see that Battlefield 1 is going to be a typical battlefield game, and completely♥♥♥♥♥♥all over any semblence of WW1 combat, in favour of more automatic weapons and vehicles, the game may as well be another WW2 game considering all the features seen so far."
76561198038939401,Recommended,242860,23501933,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,X-Juvenal89,"There's a reason why I have almost five times as many hours in Verdun as any other multi-player FPS in my Steam library, and double any other such game I've ever played.It is, quite simply, that good.And in a sea of many such games, it is Verdun's uniqueness that sets it apart. Not just the WWI setting, where the devs have been trailblazers, but in the deliberate pace of its combat dictated by the predominance of the bolt-action rifle.I once joked that the bolt-action rifle was--to borrow a line from Star Wars--""an elegant weapon from a more civilized age"", and while no one can rightfully call the Great War civilized, there is an elegance to the pace of combat in Verdun. There is very little of the ""spray and pray"" that typically characterizes on-line shooters, and attempts at it are typically quickly silenced by a single, precisely aimed shot across No Man's Land.The squad system, while perhaps counter-intuitive to new-comers, is genius--rewarding, as in real life, people who play together and learn to function as a team. What many complaints about Lvl 100 squads being ""OP"" miss is that it's not the  special abilities of such squads that make them powerful. It's that the players in them have played together long enough to often function like a well-oiled machine--and that wins battles.That brings me to the community, which is great, in my opinion. More mature on the whole than many other such shooters, and a place where I've made a lot of good friends. I highly endorse forming (or joining) a casual clan to get the most out of the Verdun experience.10/10, Highly recommended to any serious shooter fan."
,Recommended,242860,23719313,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,SteelBeams,"WHAT A GREAT GAME, must buy for any WW1 buffs.    11/10"
,Recommended,242860,23820387,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mima confirmed,trench holding and gas attack simulator19/18
76561198122574926,Recommended,242860,23510609,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Solaire of Astora,"An absolute immersive experience of a war that occured 100 years ago between two lands in Europe. The sound of gunshots in the distance and the screams of your fellow mates suggests a horror element of the Great War,and the impact of that on your personality as you don't see wars the same way ever again.If you love old time Twentieth-century warfare in Europe and the immersive and realistic aspects of a war that impacted those around it and the generations up to today. Verdun is a game for you old school lovers as you will use your trusty rifle and your dirty equipment in Trench Warfare, facing the threat of enemies,the environment,and worst of all: barb wires.This game has some content worth mentioning:Pros:-Gameplay, feels great paced between running and fighting in a FPS genre-The Environment depicts the wars in Europe greatly, leaving a vibe to it.-The classes and the teams add a living element to who was involved and what they'd offered.-Guns and weapons feel great but somehow they one-shot kill everyone.-The horrors of War update feels alive even more with new content and the option of Gore to add that survivial aspect.Cons:-No tutorials, you just have to figure out the controls and the classes because the game doesn't inform you what does this do.-The lack of teams in the Entente powers and the Central powers makes it that the Great War feels short and uninterested like where is Australia,Russia(in the first half, left in 1917),Italy(first on Central Powers then the Entente),and Serbia.-Trying to figure out where the hell that shot came from.The Verdict:9/10 Great game with visuals so imagining that will hold up until Battlefield 1 comes out!"
76561198139802640,Recommended,242860,23691166,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,LETSGOCHAMP,Very fun.
,Recommended,242860,23641492,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bobby,"This with better animations, more servers and more players ( triple A budget basically ) = the ultimate WW1 Shooter.Trench warfare sounds boring, but IT IS NOT boring AT ALL. And people who say it is, haven't played this.Get this game now.9/10"
,Recommended,242860,30605120,Posted: 18 March,all,Jeggy,Better vesion of battlefield 1
76561198031658590,Recommended,242860,20045517,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Carl Marks,"Incredible game! It has been too long a time that the community has had so many WWII games and yet not a single WWI Multiplayer FPS... No longer! M2H and Blackmill Games (bless them) have created a fantastic WWI based game. The gameplay is smooth and reliable, the classes are relatively customizable (and all usable), and the 3 gametypes (Front Lines, Attrition, and FFA) are all so much fun! The music in the main menu is perfect because it is either relevant (like Oh Its a Wonderful War!) or from the period (""Over There""). The only thing I would change/recommend is a better tutorial system. The guides are useful, but only in post. A more encompassing tutorial about the keybinds and NCOs would be nice, but overall the game is hands down fantastic. I recommend you buy it as soon as you can!"
76561198079413504,Recommended,242860,23247862,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,✪VulpineFormula7✪,THIS GAME HAS SOME BUGS BUT I SPAWNED 1CM IN FRONT OF A CROUCHING GERMAN I HAD GOTTIN MY♥♥♥♥♥♥SUCKED 100/10
76561198131662487,Recommended,242860,26397589,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Captain Spaghetti-Visor,this game is INCREDIBLEit takes a sharp eye to get useed to it but it is overall a very good game
,Recommended,242860,26351142,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Punderland,"Solid 9/11 scoreProsFull Gore is sick enoughTense session, good player communityDecent GraphicsConsAwarkward movementsUnclear perks unlock"
,Recommended,242860,26496684,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,I absolutely fell in love with this game after the first 30 minutes of playing.
76561198068090464,Recommended,242860,20383917,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Timo5511,"A great game, never knew trench warfare could be this fun."
76561198011696808,Recommended,242860,13574354,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,cassius,"Simple match mechanics, a simple squad support system, a nice (but small-ish) variety of maps and a great community make this a game worth picking up. It's still in beta, so there are still a few kinks (my issues have ONLY been with the menus, no in-match problems yet @ roughly 6 hours of play). Overall, it doesn't FEEL like a beta, at least not like the ones I've played.The only thing that is a bit dissapointing is the lack of variety in weaponry. There are 2-3 bolt rifles per side, with unlockable scopes, bayonets and reinforced butts (hehe) depending on which class you play. Some classes like officers can have pistols and binoculars to call in recon or gas/mortar strikes, while flankers can equip rifles or pistols, and are equipped with devastating grenades. There is an LMG class for each side, the German class can only fire while deployed, while the French and British LMG's can be fired while on the move. It would be nice to have some sort of shotgun class (maybe the grenadiers?), but the developers have covered the basic necessities and provided some variety.Overall, I am highly impressed with this very polished beta, and would recommend it to any of my friends.EDIT (10/31/15, 210 hrs)It's a few months after the official release, and this game just keeps getting better and better. The devs are putting out 2-3 updates a month, mostly graphical updates and bug fixes. They've announced a ton of FREE upcoming DLC, and post weekly updates to the community and social media that detail progress being made, and discuss where the future updates are headed.The player community itself is the best I've ever experienced. Players are (with very few exceptions) helpful, friendly and communicate well. Squad voice chat is useful, and more and more players are using mics and taking advantage of this. Every so often, you'll run across a developer playing in-game and answering questions.Gameplay has improved, squad mechanics have been smoothed, and a team deathmatch (no trench captures, just killing) has been added. Squad roles and classes ahve been revamped, new weapons have been added: knives, shovels, clubs, and more. With more weapons (BAR, 1911, Springfield, shotgun and a German flamethrower) and new squads (Americans, Belgians) coming soon, this game comtinues to hold my interest.I'd still highly recommend this game for anyone who loves a good shooter, especially historical ones.EDIT 11/28/2016I've nominated this game for the ""I thought this game was cool before it won an award"" category of the Steam Awards. No matter what shiny new game comes out and piques my interest, sooner or later I always come back to this one for some good ol' fashioned face-sniping, bayonet-charging, trench-capturing fun. Dev support continues to impress. Still entertaining, still beloved, still highly recommended."
,Recommended,242860,18243885,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,A S T R O,Ever wish you were a soldier in WWI? Of course you don't. Now you don't have to! With Verdun you can relive your great great grandfather's traumatising experiences through your own PC!
76561198020734734,Recommended,242860,8025816,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Apostle of Kek,"freaking awesome, I love this game, new favorite"
76561197998235063,Recommended,242860,12231825,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,THE REMOVER,"Just add team balance system, blood and mud and this game will be superb! :D"
76561198052920328,Recommended,242860,12241028,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Knight at the Wrong Table,It's a really great game!  There are constant updates that make the game even better.  It just feels really great to play and keeps you wanting more trying to unlock new loadouts for your classes.
76561197998535708,Recommended,242860,8702772,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,[BLP] Clueless,Its a good game pity there are no servers in Australia playing with a ping of 300 plus takes the fun out of it
,Recommended,242860,8860035,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Robbie Rotten,"Great fps, not to hard to learn or play, but is a great teamwork/strag game that still allows you to man-mode. has some bugs and server lag issues but beta is beta."
,Recommended,242860,8933014,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Feck Weep,"Nice little game, still in beta, growing steadily"
76561198069420906,Recommended,242860,8708730,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Lafayette,"The best WW1 game I own, definately worth a buy. And it's only getting better..."
,Recommended,242860,8721925,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,GoofyGoober,Verdun is a World war 1 tench warfare FPS it is in early access and I think it is really well made for this stage. Good buy :3
,Recommended,242860,9094075,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,bibo,step into no mans land get shot by germansstep out of your trench get shot by the frenchdamn.
76779448768076986,Recommended,242860,24351764,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Steyzer,"It's an awesome game! On the Aussie servers you get to talk about these subjects with educated people:- Negative Gearing- Gavrilo Princip- Carbon Tax- The Erdoğan Super Kebab- Joseph Stalin- Karl Marx- Australian Antarctic Territory- Communism- Facism- Marxism- Trumpism- Removing Kebabs- Removing Tracksuits- Removing Pompoms- Removing Maple Syrup- Removing Snag- Removing Freedom- Removing Frogs- Removing Waffles- Halal Snack Packs- World Politics- GeographyVerdun's a pretty good game, you get to experience what Battlefield 1 should've been. You can rush and get shot over and over again while getting a little bit of progress much like the actual war. You get to scream and yell at your snipers for being stupid and you get to lol at the futility of what you're doing.9.5/10 would get into heated political debate again"
,Recommended,242860,15343779,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Svenska,"Pops out of trench: dies immediately.I jumped into the game thinking ""Wow a WW1 game with hyper speed tanks and there will be no skill or strategy requiredBut no, I got a boring game in which you actually have to use strategy. Who uses strategy. I can't run into the enemy spawn and kill my enemys.10/10 would not buy again would rather play BF1"
,Recommended,242860,14897948,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Lord Flashheart,Dying repeatedly in No Mans Land Simulator. 10/10  Actually stunning. Not too many WWI games around and this nails it. Slightly more panache compared to jumping around every corner with a orange digital camo fully automatic rifle with grenade launcher attachment.
76561198095815823,Recommended,242860,20882212,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,StormMaster,"i died over 50 times in less then 1 hr, also ww1 was so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and im glad i was born now. A fun game for those who enjoy that time period, most guns are bolt action, a pistol is actually op as its auto and you will die randomly and frequently from all directions10/10"
,Recommended,242860,16075276,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Hanna,This Game Is Amazing For Its Price.Authentic.Adrenaline Filled.Muddy. Just the way WW1 Games Should Be.Also You Can Bash Someones Face In With A Trench Knife
,Recommended,242860,16498694,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MeddlingWilly,Everything i could want in a world war one multiplayer game really. Now all i need is this kind of game but set during the spanish civil war and i'd die a happy man!9/10 game some bugs but doesnt retract from the fun.
76561198106178731,Recommended,242860,16483011,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Krush490,"this game is amazing, great fps WW1 amazing and realistic, it has good bullet registration and balanced weapons, get the friggin game rn"
76561198079618064,Recommended,242860,16454020,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TheBrotherTroy,"This probably one of the most realistic shooters I have played.  It is extremly fun, the setting and main menu is a perfect feel of WW1.  I recomend this to anyone who likes immersive shooters and if you like roleplay type of games this is great:)"
76561198072750911,Recommended,242860,23013152,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,NecroBarl,"U see Ivan, when u r peek head out of trench, you will die from sniper u never see. Vladimir die many times. 10/10 experience. Will recommend to other comrades. Cheeki breeki."
76561198036436559,Recommended,242860,10380838,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Comrade Stalin,One of the most dramatic and team building games i have ever played
76561198086224263,Recommended,242860,14476720,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,masonnator123,"SUCH A GREAT GAME! Very addictive gameplay with great game mechanics. Decently realistic and tons of fun to play, a must get for fps fans"
,Recommended,242860,21200444,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,StL BlitzKrieg,"Sat in a water filled,♥♥♥♥♥♥smelling, blood soaked, hole in the earth while my friends died all around me. They pinned a medal on me for it. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,16569476,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ForeverMan,"Are you still tired of WW2 games? BOOM! WW1 game.All the chlorine gas your heart desires.I don't know how to unlock anything, but I know I love this game."
76561198135725383,Recommended,242860,15771815,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Diesel,Best FPS Game on market for me! Thank you guys for the awesome experience!
,Recommended,242860,31779749,Posted: 15 May,all,LilBeast,Spawned in. Peeked head out of trench for a second. Dead.
,Recommended,242860,7899474,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Magyar Habsburg,"This is a WW1 shooter game you can work in squads on the same team. Or you can fight each other on a deathmatch style gamemode. I think this game has great potential for a Great WW1 game, there are a certain few bugs on the game in which I think they will take care of in the future. But overall the bugs they have on it I personally like it. There is also unlockables on the game also! :D #respawning simulator 2015"
76561198063824871,Recommended,242860,23856228,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Roderick ''Blutbad'' Feldrank,"Verdun is an excellent game. Set during the Great War, it manages to captivate the players in a setting which seems to have been forgotten by many player developpers over the years, probably because of a lesser interest by some of the biggest markets ( the USA for example where WW2 is better known ).The maps are well designed. For having visiting Douaumont, the interior of the fort is good. The trench networks are excellent, at the beginning you will most likely feel lost in there and the enemy can come from anywhere. The factions are diverse, you can pick various types of squads from several nations ( Germany, the USA, France, the UK, Belgium and Canada ) and find a role that will suit your type of gameplay ( sniper, sneaky fellow, meat , ... ) ! Teamplay is essential. It works great when you play with random players but for those of us who can gather a good four friends to form a squad the experience is excellent.I don't have much negative points to point out, I experienced no major bugs or issues. Someday they will hopefully add some other nations which would be great. A lot of people asked for the addition of the ANZAC. Italy and the Ottomans would be a great plus for the Central Powers side.There is no game on the market that beat the WW1 experience Verdun is currently offering. And the oncoming Steampunk-WW1-Sci-FI Battlefield I, probably a good game for what it is, will not offer a Great War experience as good as Verdun is doing.I hope the developpers keep working on this game for a long time ! There is so much opportunities to add things."
,Recommended,242860,15668984,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Count Orlok,Went into a enemy trench and stabbed everyone with my bayonet.10/10Would bayonet again
76561198179176426,Recommended,242860,31804990,Posted: 17 May,all,all in one gamer13,best dying simulator to date
,Recommended,242860,28720698,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bubi,"This game may not be as popular and played as Battlefield 1, but atleast it doesn't force you to play as black soldiers."
76561198127942881,Recommended,242860,22472779,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Raviolli,no
76561198166325097,Recommended,242860,25736303,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,magicman777,I sincerly reccomend this to any history buffs who looked at bf1 and were like:WTF thats so unrealistic.And to anyone who watches the great war youtube channel as it follows very closely to what actually happended the game play out realisticly and you really do feel as if you were in the trenches in ww1.(besides the mud and pain)
76561198319510463,Recommended,242860,32834002,Posted: 26 June,all,Mantaray55,"Parádna hra len škoda ,že ju hraje malo hráčov👌👌"
,Recommended,242860,33341012,Posted: 7 July,all,Soupy Twist,Quality game. Does what it can to convey the horrors of World War One (very well) but is thoroughly enjoyable as a fun multiplayer FPS. I've played 12 hours and I'm hooked.
,Recommended,242860,12925721,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,nubieabadi,"This game have a good prospect. Very legit experience of WW I.If you love history, especially anything about World War history you will love this game.One year of early access actually a bit too long, so this game really need to make a big improvement in a short time if don't want to lose its player."
,Recommended,242860,25747087,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Lenny Confetti,"so life is a wierd thing and actual reviews are a waste of time so i got something betterenjoy this chicken stir fry recpie- Serves 4- 10 mins to prepare and 10 mins to cook- 325 calories / serving- HealthyINGREDIENTS:- 1 orange, zested and juiced- 2tbsp soy sauce- 2tbsp sesame oil- 250g (8oz) tender stem broccoli- 5cm (2in) piece root ginger- 1tbsp sunflower oil- 1 garlic clove, finely sliced- 1 red pepper, deseeded and thinly sliced- 150g Straight To Wok Noodles- 400g (13oz) chicken fillet, cut into thin slicesMETHODStep 1 - Mix together the orange zest and juice, soy sauce and sesame oil and set aside.Step 2 - Blanch the broccoli in boiling water for 2 minutes, then drain well and set aside.Step 3 - Finely shred the ginger. Then heat a large frying pan or wok, add the sunflower oil, heat it until sizzling, and fry the ginger till it's crisp.Step 4 - When it's done, remove with a slotted spoon. Add the chicken and garlic, and stir-fry until just browned. Remove the meat using a slotted spoon and set aside.Step 5 - Add the red pepper and broccoli and stir-fry for around 2-3 minutes until it's just tender. Add the soy sauce mixture, bring it to the boil then return the chicken to the pan"
,Recommended,242860,24375385,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Warrenator,"So, because the developers tell me to everytime I quit the game, I'm writing my review for Verdun. I wasn't too sure what to expect when I bought this game. It was half price and had been looking into it for a little bit, and I have to say that I'm very happy with it. It feels very different to other FPS games that I have played but there is something about it which keeps me playing it. For one thing, it is one of the few WW1 games that exists, (yes I know BF1 is coming out soon) which has a huge impact on the weapon variety. There are basically, rifles, LMGs and some old-timey pistols, and when it comes to choosing which one to use, it normally depends on which one looks the coolest, because all the guns seem to do the same damage as each other. 1 shot for rifles, 2 shots for LMGs, 3 shots for pistols and 1-2 shots for revolvers. Having said that, I like the guns in the game. They're not guns that we're normally used to in FPS', and in looking into the guns in real life, I've learnt some history.The maps are pretty good. There are plenty for what the game is. My fav is Dauauauauaumont, (or however it's spelt) mainly because of the fortification part if the map. Other maps, are not so great, and this is mainly due to No man's land. Some maps seem to have a lack of cover, and seeing as some of these players have aimbotting accuracy, I normally end up dead before i've decided which leg I should use to start running with.Community is very very good indeed. No hackers for one thing. And no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. But this is probably due to the lack of communication. The only people that can hear you via mic are people in your squad, but there's only 4 players per squad. Nethertheless, Verdun is a teamwork game, and fortunatly, the community seem thrilled to work as a team. There is no friendly fire as well, which for this game is perfect. I dread to think of my fellow rifleman stabbing me in the back with his bayonet because it's ""banter.""The game is pretty damn realistic as well. There was an update a while back that allowed players limbs to be shot and blown off, making it rather entertaining for everyone. And the shooting mechanics are decent. I'd rather the game didn't go for the CS:GO approach of things, where moving heavily decreases accuracy, an when youre using a bolt-action rifle 75% of the time, this can be annoying.Because my fingers are getting pins and needles from intense typing, I'll make my last point about gameplay. It's pretty simple. The teams have to defend their trench whilst the other team attacks it and tries to capture it. If they succeed, then you are pushed back a trench and have to attack the one they're in. If you defend you're trench for long enough, you have to attack their trench. And this goes on for about 20 minutes per game depending on how good your team is.I'd give this game an 8, simply because it deserves it, and it is a game that more people need to play."
,Recommended,242860,34008504,Posted: 3 August,all,Jeff Rosenbaum Esq.,"If you are looking for a REAL WW1 experience than this is the game for you! This has real trench warfare, more bolt actions then you ever though existed, and hours upon hours of fun!Pros:Super fun! (to your discretion of coursePretty accurate trench warfare and chemical weaponsVery good for still being in developmentCons:Game can be somewhat buggy at times (Ex.: randomly respawning in the middle of your life, multiple times until you actually die.)Servers can become very laggy at some points, to where I will switch from my native U.S servers to an E.U server.All in all, would definitely recommend this game to friends, hell even to strangers!"
76561198093969305,Recommended,242860,29013887,Posted: 4 January,all,SlavIsInTheHoodWithAK47 =ILGSB=,Its just like Dark Souls as a FPS ... I like it
76561198108495861,Recommended,242860,14161658,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Professor_Inferno,"Trench warfare like none other. Fight in gas filled trenches while constantly dodging grenades and shell fire hiding round corners and engaging in firefights. Now crawl across nomansland dodging sniper fire and more exploding shells around you. Throw a grenade into the enemy trench , jump in and try and overun it with your comrades. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,23820635,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Yung Baby Seal,">Joined a match for the first time>Mostly dawdling, fiddling with graphic settings and the like>Ooh! and Ahh! at every time a mortar sent me flying or a bullet brought me down>Think it's great, but something's missing>Go to settings>Gore option>""OH BOY"">Explosions now send legs everywhere and arms go bye-bye when hit with bullets>Become obsessed with ripping limbs off of other players and hearing their screamsVerdun turned me into Jeffery Dahmer.10/10"
,Recommended,242860,22950641,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Gustav,Amazing game and strategy is greatly implemented into several aspects throughout the gameplay. Rushers and campers will be killed. Great teamwork is required for victory. Love the game and strongly reccomend it!
76561198023020777,Recommended,242860,14768044,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,THE CAKE MAKER,"Very good game I do feel that i lacks a bit of content however so i hope that they add more stuff like the eastern front,the Russian Empire,the Ottoman Empire,Serbia,Austria and etc when the game is actually released."
,Recommended,242860,19969184,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,=KT= Aur0ra145,"Buy this game, it is fun."
,Recommended,242860,19064880,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,✪ Average || FRANCE,"BEST GAME EVER!!!Great graphics, good FPS speed, ping is good, good frame rate, good graphics, VERY realistic, it is simply the best game you can play on a computer! It has four classes, and you can unlock three things with experience points which you get from doing ""career completions"", which is basically leveling up when using a gun. Well, I won't spoil everything. You should get it: best $22.99 you will ever spend!Sockmonkey223"
,Recommended,242860,17213396,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,I ШΔ∏Ƭ ƬΘ DIΣ ƬƁH,MY ♥♥♥♥ING EARS ARE RINGING FROM ALL THIS FIRE SUPPORT
,Recommended,242860,17150856,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mayverick,"run that way, die. run other way, die. sprint into trench with shovel and wipe their entire team. run out of trench, die."
76561198014220633,Recommended,242860,19105854,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,tommoffitt,"Verdun has suddenly stopped working for me.  I need help.  This is the greatest game, and I've loved it for two years!  Unfortunatlly I haven't found a way to discuss my problem with the Verdun Team."
,Recommended,242860,29101519,Posted: 7 January,all,Andariel Halo,"good n realistic World War 1 game.  every other FPS game i've played has been everyone running around one-man-army machine guns and hyper power sniper rifles and grenade of grenade: grenade grenade.This game manages to avoid that using a rather simple system of zoning.The main game mode (trenches) involves two sides on a long, narrow map, with lots of trenches and barbed wire in the way.   One side starts defending their trench while the other has to go to it and sit on it until the timer runs so it can be captured.  Enemy units that sit in the trench block the other side from capturing.  Once a trench is captured, more of the map opens up for that team to advance and fight for the next trench.  If they fail to take that trench, that section of the map is closed off to them and they're restricted to the first trench where they started out.Ingeniously to prevent random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s wandering around one-man-armying, sneaky wannabe sneaking behind enemy lines, the portions of the map the enemy occupy are off limits as described above.  You can move onto them without issue, but a timer warns you to return to your lines within 8 (or more) seconds or you'll be shot as a traitor/deserter.This simple design works great to replicate trench warfare and get a proper scope of just how mind-numbingly unprepared the world powers were for modern war in 1914, as you can easily spend an entire 30 minute match fighting over the same strip of map short enough to sprint across with almost enough stamina left over to sprint back.  Alternately, a match can be done in less than 8 minutes if one team is woefully inexperienced and gets steamrolled by the other.weapons are what you expect, with the vast majority being bolt action rifles and pistols.  Machine guns are a rarity, and all but two cannot be fired until deployed, during which time you're likely to end up sniped or flank attacked by a trench invasion.a minor nuisance is the lack of variety in terms of the Central powers, in that you only get to play as Germany, while the Entente powers let you play as France, Belgium, Canada, England, or the US, with the myriad different weapon types associated.  The German weaponry is solid enough to stand up to and even overpower all of theirs, but the lack of variety can make them get boring quickly.cormbat is squad-based, as people in a squad have different roles with different weapon types, but it doesn't encompass the entirety of gameplay; you can work successfully as a team while being the only member of your squad, or never communicating or coordinating with your squad.  Every squad has an NCO with the ability to call in auxilary support, mostly in the form of mortar and artillery strikes, and poison gas bombs.  The dud NCOs get only recon planes and smokescreens.  Having an experienced NCO who knows how and when to deploy artillery strikes can easily shatter enemy defenses or completely disrupt attacks.  Respawns come in waves between 20-30 seconds each, so wiping out a huge portion of the enemy's soldiers gives pivotal advantages to a side to be able to capture trenches and fortify.Due in part to the nature of the gameplay and the weapons, the game is not too hard the way Red Orchestra 2 would be, although a newbie can still be easily overwhelmed as they get constantly sniped while standing in their trench, or respawn just to be instantly hit by an enemy mortar, or more likely end up caught in barbed wire and struggle too much, like a chinese finger trap, and end up dead.while by its name it's focused entirely on the Western Front, i would love to see this game expand and potentially include Austria-Hungary, Serbia, Russia, Greece, Bulgaria, perhaps even the Ottoman Empire"
76561198062980800,Recommended,242860,26341235,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Captain Dongcopter,"Great game, devs actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the people that play it. Quiet rare these days.10/10 On the Dongscale"
76561198336723763,Recommended,242860,28995612,Posted: 3 January,all,Stempig66,dont expect to live for long
,Recommended,242860,31267548,Posted: 20 April,all,[TW]Franz,"This game has lots of crappy thing but still a good oneit's the best WW1 game that can bring you the WW1 atmosphere .good.beautiful  map and texture.good sound effect.OK attack / defend round system.good trench warfare.weapons (more BA rifle not like BF1 every one has a MP).funbad.some map is kinda crappy that make you easy stuck in a hole.tiny match only 16x16.Too many sniper and special weapon available for tiny match (4 team with bar pretty much own the round).movement is really awkward (like when you want to hit the deck it will crouch first make it unreasonable slow ).WEX(flammenwerfer) is pice of crap , low range low damage the even hurt the user ,can't even light ppl on fire ,theyneed to learn how to do a proper flammenwerfer from RO2 or DOI.some map are really unfair.some sound effect are buggy.bugs.ping unfriendlyanyway if you looking for better game for WW1 experience this is best you gotwhy i said this even when BF1 out is becauseBF 1 is a good game on multiple player i believe but it's not a good WW1 theme gameit disgrace the WW1 theme  (specially on single player that is insult to WW1)so if you like to experien the fight describe in the ""All quiet on the western front""this is it"
,Recommended,242860,17266729,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bung Jobel,"Overall a good WW1 games, be warned though, the learning curve is harder than you thought. You'll die. A lot. Either by getting grenades, mortar right in front of your face, deadly gas, or bullet from nowhere. But once you've get used to it you'll stick with taking cover, prone and other tactics. Recommended"
,Recommended,242860,34164823,Posted: 11 August,all,CorporalTaylor200,Verdun is a FPS set on the mud and gore of the Western front in the First World War. Verdun captures the realism of WW1 and has a always active community.Pros:Everything which isn't the cons.Cons:*Some miner bugs*Only 8 mapsTip:Be in cover alwaysRelay on riflesDON'T RANBO IT!Overal: 9/10
76561198068046921,Recommended,242860,18080109,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Legatus178,"Bottom line:  I really like ths game, but it has some REALLY aggravating aspects to it.  This is based on over 100 hours of playing time.Pros:Authentic weapons, terrain, and uniforms.  The game really has the feel of the Great War to it.The squad types with associated capabilities are well thought out as are the roles within squads.  Working together within and across squads can really payoff - as it should.  Following orders is rewarded too.The game simulates flinching when bullets  pass  close by.   Weather effects and haze add to the authenticity as well.Trenches are cram pt (as they truly were), and you sometimes can't pass by a colleague .Not sure:Don't expect a rifle shot in this game to be an area fire weapon.  In other games all you have to do is aim close by your target to drop it.  This game injects an element of variability which is supposed to reflect the effects of stress and exertion of combat on accuracy.  This adds an element of realism.  However, I'm not sure if their algorithm is well tuned.  I am not the only player to complain of missing shots that a monkey would make. The trench is no place to fire blanks.Note: If you interrupt loading your weapon to sprint, crawl or make a bayonet thrust, the game will assume that you did not lock the bolt. In this condition, you will lock the bolt when you pull the trigger instead of firing your weapon. This action will give your opponent an abundance of time to put little holes in your body.   In reality, if you left the bolt open or unlocked, this condition would be visible.  If open, the bolt would stick out the back.  If unlocked, the bolt would be visibly up.  It's possible that the developers show this now, and I've missed it, but if they haven't  - they should.Another aspect I'm undecided about is getting caught in the wire.  When entangled, you can often extricate yourself.  Get in it again or too deeply the first time and it will kill you.  In reality, the wire would snag you and leave you exposed to fire, and that is what would kill you.There is no fratricide.  You can drop mortars, toss grenades, shoot and stab your buddies all day long and they are unaffected.  I suppose this prevents miscreants from just shooting their buddies up in an anti-social tantrum, but it does make it less realistic.Spawning is hit or miss too.  Spawning near your squad leader is generally a good feature.  However, you never quite know where you are going to spawn and it takes a moment to orient yourself to where you are.  Sometimes you land standing completely exposed to enemy fire.  Occasionally, you will arrive neatly in front of an enemy machine gun sending you back to Valhalla in less than a second.  Other times you go all the way back to the jump off line.Like other online games, beware high ping rates and low frames per second.  Both will delay your perception and reaction times giving your enemy  (who may have better performance) a fraction of a second advantage on you.Also, there is a learning curve.  Starting out,  you will get killed - a lot.  You will die much more often than you will make your enemy die.  Over  time you learn, and that is part of the fun, but you have to work at it.Cons:The marksmanship algorithm needs a bit more tweaking.  A pistol with a 3"" - 5"" barrel can hit targets out to 50 and 75 meters  in this game.  Unless you are a world class pistol marksman, with good conditions, that is absurd.  The average soldier is just not capable of reliably hitting things much past 25 - 30 meters with a pistol.The amount of time you have to return or to your lines when the attack is recalled to a defensive line is rather arbitrary.  Sometimes you have a great deal of time to make your way to your jump off trench.  Other times - you better run immediately or you will be shot for desertion.Similarly, if you run out of bounds, get mis-oriented and go the wrong direction even for one second - you'll never make it out alive.The position indicator disappears after a few seconds.  The problem with this is that you can't always tell or remember what position you are in.  More than once I thought I was crouching and hit CTRL.  In reality, I was prone, so instead of getting lower, I stood up presenting a most excellent target for my enemy to perforate.  It would be better to leave the position icon there.Despite these issues, I still really enjoy it (and hate it), but I do recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,25241654,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,johnJG421,good game :D
,Recommended,242860,19978671,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Filthy Casual,Amazing when a team communicates with each other.
76561197970524578,Recommended,242860,19986166,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,nerdfromhell,Be prepared to die every 30 seconds. Or be a coward and live slightly longer.
,Recommended,242860,19989111,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,frick,"Someone has already said that, but it's a great Shell shock simulator. That unforgettable moment when your teammate sneaks behind your back and then opens fire from his Chauchat, then you crawl for the rest of the round and laugh hysterically.10/10 - would PTSD again"
76561198038658909,Recommended,242860,19990256,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,keeman4454,"This is one of the most unuiqe FPS tites around, mostly due to it's WWI setting. Definatly worth your time and money if you enjoy historical games."
,Recommended,242860,13433238,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Proklokzii ₪,"games music is good, lol i mean even the music is good the game is pretty realistic. 10/10 greatEDIT: Tho Battlefield 1 is going to steal the community. im sad for this game. REMEMBER This game was great at its time. it had a short lifespan for such a great game for me... 9/10 would recommend to anyone who wants low budget ww1 (cheaper than bf1 at least ;))"
76561198017675307,Recommended,242860,13436309,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Verin_XIII,"Fantastic game, it's just fun to play and people are mostly nice... if you like realistic warfare buy it."
,Recommended,242860,11872233,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Ainsley,Hella good.
,Recommended,242860,25867096,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,ALBANIA IS CANCELED,♥♥♥♥ Battlefield 1Play Verdun
,Recommended,242860,15958699,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Diffusion9,"Great game, but not for the feint of will. You will die a lot."
,Recommended,242860,14331797,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Spooky Action at a Distance,This game functions perfectly as what it is supposed to be: A Top-Down Neo-Noir Macklemeore-Them-Up With Puzzle Elements.
76561197964172191,Recommended,242860,11959643,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,[KK]Arkady,"10/10 a great WWI shooterIf u like realistic games where the teamplay is a must thats ur game, its on early acces and devs work hard to improve it every few weeks, i recommend that game for every world war lovers."
,Recommended,242860,8098770,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,iSayPwn,"This is one of the better and more original Betas that I have seen recently. I think that this game holds huge potential although the developers may not be very responsive... The feel of the Great War is great and the gameplay captures it, in my eyes it feels a CoD version of Heroes of Stalingrad (in two different wars obviously). It feels more arcady than Stalingrad although that doesn't affect the gameplay! I loved all the hours I have played on this game and I am excited to see what it will hold in the future."
76561198066035141,Recommended,242860,9314912,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,A deplorable,"Amizing Idea To braing WW1 in to Viadeo Game history. Great war time Strategy, Weapons,and Sounds."
,Recommended,242860,13621729,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Panther,Played as the french... Didn't surrender.10/10
,Recommended,242860,13625665,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MouldyPotato™,"I really enjoyed the game. it is very fun to play with friends in squads and it is also immersive, however the servers are absolutley awful from what i have experienced. i understand the game is in early access and everything but so far i have only managed to finish 1 match because i constantly lose conection to the servers. otherwise the game is very good"
,Recommended,242860,15631991,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Yogurtbags,"The only game where you can hit your target 90 yards away beind cover, but miss a guy standing 2 feet away. 10/10 would buy again."
76561198215795617,Recommended,242860,30648490,Posted: 21 March,all,Mark.I,- defending ur trench from the enemy- chargin to enemy trench like uurrraaahh- got several died ( much )- 20-30 round magazine MG in WW I9/10 best game of WW I that I've ever played
,Recommended,242860,12306732,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Simple Jack,"While it's still in its earliest stages of development, Verdun perfectly captures the World War One experience. The fighting is frantic and intense, over a miserable landscpae of mud, barbed wire, and a maze of trench work. The developers really know their stuff, and a lot of attention to detail and care has gone into the design of the game's weapons and character models. While keen on historical accuracy, this game also offers a lot of balance when it comes to infantry squad combat, almost as a game of rock-paper-scissors.Don't get me wrong, this game has more than a few kinks and bugs, but the devs take player feedback seriously and are almost constantly patching the game, almost on a weekly basis. Combat is intense and inherently frustrating, but it's part of the fun.TL;DR Buy this game if you're a history buff, or just enjoy intense squad focused combat. It'll take a moment to pick it up, but once you do, you want to stop."
76561198040335179,Recommended,242860,10723495,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fallout,Ran into an enemy trench and killed 5 people before they knew i was there. 10/10.
76561198082806470,Not Recommended,242860,25295664,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Skull_De_Shot,Don't buy if u live in AUS poor connection no rooms (I got a refund for these reasons)
,Recommended,242860,25805804,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,internet user,who knew dying in a muddy hole full of poison gas could be so fun
76561198045715042,Recommended,242860,13792518,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rustyboyo,Like Skyrim with PTSD
76561198009688229,Not Recommended,242860,30945828,Posted: 4 April,all,greyplayer63,Retina burning whilst looking out for far away enemies simulator.
76561197968560421,Recommended,242860,11463576,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,RandalMcdaniel,"Edit: The only con that really bothers me is the ""You are entering restricted area"" warnings. I understand why they are important in video games, but they are OVERKILL in verdun, i can't even run around a damn barbed wire without the desertion message.The desertion boundaries need to be loosened. They are borderline game-breakingOk usually i am a♥♥♥♥♥♥about games, and i go against the grain of good reviews.But this game is genuinely awesome, if you are concerned like, oh its indie it probably does not have much content it probably has only like one gun and bad graphics.This game is amazing, the graphics are awesome and it runs buttery smooth. You know how its kind of a b1tch to aim your mouse in games like red orchestra and cs? because the mouse movement is too smooth and a bit slippery?  In verdun the mouse movement/aiming is PERFECT, it has a certain type of weight to it that makes aiming so comfortable, I was able to pick off seven guns with pixel perfect bolt-action accuracy one after the next, without that loose wobbly mouse movement issue.This game is very rich in quality, the graphics are awesome, the gameplay is smooth, there are plenty of weapons, players DROP like a sack of potatoes after one well placed shot.It's not one of those games thats so focused on realism that its boring like red orchestra, the weapons in verdun don't swing around your monitor like in red orchestra and you can comfortably fire semi-accurately without aiming down your sights.  In red orchestra the developers think that you HAVE to aim down your sights in order to play, which is not true. In real life you can aim fairly accurately with a rifle if you do not aim down the sights, and this is how it works in verdun, you can fire fairly accurately without using iron sights which is just much more enjoyable for close quarters action.This game is just awesome, with the right skill you can DOMINATE the battle field on your own, its not like all those other shooters where you can only get 1-2 kills max before your health and ammo runs out. You can literally change the tide of  the match by yourself with a rifle.This is a great game."
,Recommended,242860,12295898,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,DukeOfMemes,"8/10 brilliant, I bought this game a year ago when it was released in early access, and its a very good game, its just about to come out of beta now and into full release, and it has drastically improved since it was first released. You can play as Germans, French, British and the Canadians, a decent range of weapons ranging from the Lee Enfield to the Gewher 98! If you are not sure whether this is worth buying, I'd advise you to buy it. Really fun!"
76561198001301880,Recommended,242860,12572354,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,*B^ [BOBI] Ted,"Very cool game, and pretty damn unique at that. You'd be hard pressed to find a released WWI fps (or WWI game for that matter)  with people still playing on the servers. However it is not without its faults as there are quite a few glitches in the game but overall, a very interesting game that deserves to be played."
,Recommended,242860,8906703,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,WillyMcBride,"I have had this game since October of 2013, and let me tell you right off the bat: this game has improved beyond anything i ever imagined! The graphics, the gameplay, the adjustments, everything! All of these things combined have made it one of the most enjoyable World War One First Person Shooter games i have ever played.It is a new genre, in my opinion: you cannot use conventional tactics from games such as Red Orchestra, Call of Duty, or even any of the Battlefield games! So be advised that when you first enter the game, it may be frustrating simply because you need to apply new tactics in order to be successful in this World War 1 environment.This brings me to my second point: do not get frustrated! Instead, look for dangers before they hit...mostly artillery. You can look to the skies and see the streaks of the shots coming down, and you can determine where they will land. If you don't have time to do this, just listen for the distinguishable sounds as they are shot from the artillery pieces off map. Also, do not poke your head out of the trench for too long: you WILL be shot. This, i have come to find, is what frustrates people the most, and it is simply because they have not adjusted to the type of warfare that Verdun, as a game, offers.Each step is a new obstactle in this game (quite literally!) You may find yourself caught behind an extensive barbed wire fence that you need to get around, or you may be caught of guard and fall into ankle wire only to be picked off by a sniper. Machine guns are deadly in this game as they were in real life: so make sure you are always watching for their flashes so you can get rid of them! Probably two of the most feared obstactles in this game are grenades and artillery. Use them to your benefit, and learn to fear them when they are being wielded by the enemy!If you follow all of these steps, you will be able to take some time to look at the beauty of the game. They have added in such little details such as dugouts in the sides of trench walls where you can see beds, to little things scattered around the trenches (pots, pans, ammo, boxes, ect.) One of the most beautiful things to watch is an assault. Of course it is not delightful in real life, but being that this IS a game, you will find some epicness in sitting back and watching people run head first to their death.All and all, i must say that i fell in love with this game at first glance: and i really did just glance at it! It didn't look very promising, but i promise you that these developers, even though they are a small team, know how to make a fun, exciting, and interactive game! I cannot express how much i have enjoyed Verdun: even through all of the hurtles which have made the game frustrating. It is truly a gem, and seeing now the road map for 2015 has gotten me even more excited for what is yet to be implemented into the game!I definitely recommend this game to any tactical FPS enthusiast, History geek, and people looking for a fun exhilerating ride!8.5/10!"
76561198016959414,Recommended,242860,10122717,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Kekosaurus Kek,"This is one of a kind, very immersive and just the real the battle of VERDUN.  The character models are very life like and move a fluid way like no other first person shooter.  It is smooth game with no lag, i must point it doesn't lag when you die.  The squad system is immense and is very clear and easy follow.  The Red Baron (Manfred Albrecht Freiherr von Richthofen) having a dog fight overhead with Richard &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; Milhous Dastardly is truely immersive especially with when Mutley falls out the plane.  You can the feel the true emotions of the soldiers.  I play close the VERDUn Pipe Band we play often take very seriously, our ""serious, just serious no fun"".If you are thinking of getting anyone a gift on steam i highly recommend VERDUN."
,Recommended,242860,15601985,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,AWM*VacXkore,"Très bon jeux de guerre, aussi bon de insurgency et a des prix résonnable... ON PEU PAS EN DIRE AUTENT DE CALL OF DUTY!"
76561198340474294,Recommended,242860,33872473,Posted: 28 July,all,J1,"Cool game, very realisticworth it"
,Recommended,242860,19738288,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,LDM || Baron Augustion,"This game is truly magnificent. It requires stratgey, teamwork and a whole lot of élan to achieve victory! Yes there are problems but the devs work tirelessly to improve the user experience. I happily reccomend this game to anyone who has a genuine interest in WWI."
,Recommended,242860,25229559,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Der 80er Spieler,Hype for BF1? easy to say just play this game to know more about WW1 and fullfil your hype for BF1 before its release.Review: 8 / 10
,Recommended,242860,23625529,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,LoudBridge5284,"All the negative reviews are from people that:-Can't handle spawnkills-Can't handle being killed over and over-Can't handle having their♥♥♥♥♥handed to them by better playersWhich, you know, was the entirety of WW1."
76561197988792845,Recommended,242860,16306273,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,carlthellama,Meerkat simulator 10/10 would play again
76561198028296503,Recommended,242860,13597453,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Swade,"this game is a hard concept to do well in the firs tplace but wiht that said this dev team nailed it, its fun as hell, and it has a lot of neat things like ranking up in order to unlock more gear, and squad based combat as well as different fronts to chose from battle wise. ive only played 35 minutes but it was simple to understand and fun from the get-go. i did experience some very slight lag but it was brief and is expected due to it still being in development stages. but well worth the standard price, i luckily got this gem on sale."
76561198006495959,Recommended,242860,35244482,Posted: 27 September,all,marauder,"If I had to choose between playing Battlefield 1 or Verdun, I'd choose Verdun. The game has a steep learning curve that is surprisingly easy to get used to. The game has a very good variety of maps and an incredibly well-done Frontlines mode, which captures the reality of trench warfare perfectly. the weapons are historically accurate and each squad type is unique; There is no way of sniper spam that you would encounter in most other multiplayer shooters of this kind. Now, this game i feel could do with a few new maps, I keep seeing a map called Lorraine that pops up but is not on any of the game modes, i'd love to see maps like Loos, Mametz Wood, Beleau Wood, Messines Ridge, to name a few. This game is nothing short of amazing and it is a WW1 shooter that never loses its playability.I would and do recommend this game to anyone willing to play a WW1 shooter that actually represents the period without everyone runnning around with machine guns."
76561198149193970,Recommended,242860,17394762,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,CPU - Wrong one to garden with,"You know, it's pretty good, once you get the maps and such, but playing this with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet or outside us/europe, you'll have a hard time"
,Recommended,242860,13445968,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sallet King,I got trench foot. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,13856023,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SkySatan,"This game is great. It's a ww1 fps that uses trench warfare which is very different than the standard modern military fps. The only downside is the slight lag when you kill someone, it takes about half a second for it to register the shot and show the death animation. But that doesn't matter much as at the time of writing this the game is in early access.Overall this game is addicting and very fun. It would be amazing if they added a higher player count for truly epic battles."
,Recommended,242860,20339966,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,POONDHOPPER,"Poke your head out of a trench. BAM HEADSHOTRespawn. You run out of your trench and make it into a crater left by artillery. Hiding from enemy Lewis gun fire you continue to dodge and weave from crater to crater, ditch to ditch. GASSEN! Its time to put your mask on as you push into the enemy trench.The artillery strike left by your commander has ravaged the enemy. Through the gas you can see the bodies of fallen enemies. You must push on through the carnage. You turn a corner and *BOOM * a grenade goes off at your feet. As you wait for respawn you cant help but feel a little anger, a little frustration, and a determination to never fight a war like this again10/10 Would become Uncle Adolf and try to stop brother wars again."
76561198083755742,Recommended,242860,14392077,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lean Quatifah,"This might be hard to believe, but this man is the leader of a group of lizards from the hyper elite. I know this first hand. I took care of this being as the mentor, as I am a hyper elite of the syntax-sector of the Illuminati. I have experimented with teleportation, Obama, and lizards shape-shifting into Secret-service agents. When the syntax-sector of the hyper elite barracks in the north pole, most experiments broke loose. This prototype, however, was smarter than most. With little to no signs of lizard-like structures when shape-shifted, he was the perfect man for our job. I once used my transformation powers, but was quickly spotted, and the extra-molecular shape-shifting superdinosaur came and saved me, with the hyperbeam harvested from Dialga in the Pokemon dimension. Yes, that show is real, made by the Ancient Gods from Sector-B//AnimationDimension//X-3, we transported the creatures into the ""intelligent"" planet called Earth, in my opinion, the weakest sector of the whole Illuminati. If you want more information about these creatures first hand, contact me via Google+ or teleportating to the hyperdimension in Class-A."
,Recommended,242860,26567295,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Vulcenus,"Get ready to swim in the mud, kill some foreigners and die repeatedly. One word of advice: Don't poke your head out of the trenches, son.Welcome to Verdun."
,Not Recommended,242860,30959530,Posted: 5 April,all,Chevska,If you play in AustraliaNO SERVERSunless u play with US people and lag your♥♥♥♥♥♥off
,Not Recommended,242860,34738180,Posted: 4 September,all,JpmIsMe1998,Game needs some work. With the current graphics barb wire is nearly impossable to see and you end up running in to it and it killing you. You can be behind total cover and some one will still headshot you.No current way to report cheaters or afk players. (I have seen a few cheaters with invincability hacks)Game has no way to force teams to balance out. It simply says please so you can get odds of 1 to 4.
76561198055844829,Recommended,242860,30700148,Posted: 24 March,all,Trooper_DJ Raccoon#Recruting,"The best ww1 fps u will ever find. Great community and clans, very intense and realistic. If u have discord u can talk with the devs plus u can just download discord it's like 46mb. Overall my favourite game and very fun 5 stars 10/10. Some bugs but they can make the game fun and beware Machine guns TO OP PLZ NERF. Have fun 😄😉"
,Recommended,242860,7788203,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Peetfighter,"Realistic simulation of the massacre known as World War 1 with authentic weaperony, long trench networks and deadly nomansland. Enlist today."
,Recommended,242860,22829834,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,General Warfare,Fun!
,Recommended,242860,16260355,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Scipio,i've never written a review before
76561198123750698,Recommended,242860,22840865,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SOAR_Lt_Titan,good game lots of fun.nothing more to say
76561198088722985,Recommended,242860,8164732,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Junk_Punch,this game is a great ww1 shooter if your looking for a game to feed your need for world war. its still in beta so it has its fair share of problems...but for the price u can't go wrong.
,Recommended,242860,15646085,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Squeek,"19/14 best game 2015. Only complaint is the Lewis Gun but other than that, it is one of the best games in my library."
76561198116609838,Recommended,242860,15604207,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,© SomeGuy,very fun game 10/10 would trench again
,Not Recommended,242860,34214185,Posted: 13 August,all,SgtTreehugger,"Personally I cant recommend the game. It claims to be realistic but uses hitscans for weapons and shotguns dont kill with 1 hit beyond 5 meters. The game seems to try to promote squad action, but there isnt really any interaction between squad members. Also, very often this scenario happens: You die, you wait 17 second to respawn, you run out of spawn, get instantly killed, you lived for 1 second and now you wait 15 seconds more and hope you dont instadie.Sure, the game fits for some people, but im not one of those people."
76561198060502162,Not Recommended,242860,18186370,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Virtus,"PUSH FORWARD PUSH!! ADVANCE AND TAKE THE POINT!. ""FALL BACK FALL BACK, RUUUUN"" What why are we running we are almost at the point and near victory. ""THEY DEPLOYED BARBWIRE!"" Oh God RUN.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. You get killed for your huge♥♥♥♥♥clothed trench coat getting scratch if you touch barb wire, if you ♥♥♥♥ing aim down your sight at someone 3 metres you will miss then some how, the agility and movement is so ♥♥♥♥ing slow and the maps are so narrow. There is a class called flanker how the ♥♥♥♥ can you flank when you only have 8 metres of running space."
76561198007463449,Not Recommended,242860,28113911,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[QC] nickolas,"First of all, I want to say that my PC has the spec recommended for this gameVerdun is truly a great game, from someone who used to play FPS (COD) but stopped for years because it seems that every game was alike. Then this game came. A game with true innovative aspect that changed completly how i evaluate an FPS nowBUTThe developer managed to transform, with their ""update"" a great game into a game so much infected with bugs that it crash EVERY SINGLE GAME. I mean this game is so awesome that every time i think it will be different, that this time they would have fixed all these issues, but no for the past six month i haven't been able to enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,242860,29408776,Posted: 21 January,all,Mandingo,"Man, I'm not really happy about writing this review.Poor optimization, even poorer netcode (man I love me some teleporting enemies). Movement feels very awkward and sluggish, especially crouching/going prone. Very odd hit-reg.The devs tried to combine the historical accuracy with arcade elements but in the end they excel at neither. This is my personal opinion but I absolutely DESPISE grinding and unlocks in online games, regardless of the genre. I understand unlocking cosmetic items but grinding to unlock weapons in FPS games should be banned by law. There is a vast arsenal of WWI weapons but there are no map-specific restrictions so you can use RSC M1917 during Battle of Marne. So much for historical accuracy :^)The squad system is OK if you play with friends but if you're a solo player it is a trainwreck. If you come from Red Orchestra and expect same level of teamwork, I have bad news for you.Servers can go from full to empty during even the same round. I saw 2v10 games. Auto-balance is a joke.Entente side can have 3 nations playing simultaneously which I guess some people would enjoy but to me it's very confusing and unrealistic. In a game where your reflex has to be on fleek I find it confusing to see so many different uniforms.The main game mode (and most played too, which also matters) is anticlimactic and unsatisfying. You storm the enemy trenchline and whether you take it or not you are automatically forced to defend. You are artificially restricted to a tiny strip of land or otherwise you will be automatically killed as a ""deserter"". This really ruins the fluidity of the battle.WWI was indeed a giant meatgrinder but you can't really feel its scale in the game. Artillery strikes are very short and have a small radius (they look bad visually as well). Even on full servers the game feels empty. Battles feel more like small scale skirmishes rather than bloodbaths that characterised WWI.And I could go on with things like bulletproof barbed wire and broken spawn points but the ugly truth is that I'm only this angry because I really wanted this game to be good. I was really excited when I finally got it and the disappointment hurts me. And it's not entirely the devs' fault. Battlefield 1 chose the weird sci-fi stuff route because WWI is a horrible setting for FPS games. Most of the casualties on the western front were inflicted by artillery and machineguns. How do you make that into a fun game?I don't really know who should I reccomend this game to. If you're looking for squad based, challenging, slow paced gameplay Project Reality, ARMA and Red Orchestra are much better but if you prefer arcade games then BF1 should be your choice."
76561198096242617,Recommended,242860,26098044,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,The Stuff,This game is not perfect and has bugs but this game is the Number One game to get to experence the Fps aspect of the Great War. Battlefield 1 just falls short compared to this game BF1 trys to give you the fast pact shooter aspect that most people are use to but that was not how the majority of the Great War was. Verdun is a more accurate pace showing more of struggles that you and your team goes through to capture just one trench and even if you do catch the trench you and your team are going to have to hold it against the enemy counter attack and even with all of this back and forth that you will go through the game does not always end with one victor but it can end with a draw which I feel gives you more of a True feel than any other WW1 Fps out there. If you are into fast pace quick match shooters Verdun is not for you Verdun is for those that really want to feel the struggles of the Great War and doing all it takes to not die and win the battle. Verdun can be unforgiving but is a ton of fun and worth the price they are asking for it personally I would say this game is a 9/10.
76561197960452186,Not Recommended,242860,30418146,Posted: 9 March,all,GammaZeta430,"First off, I really WANT to love Verdun, but it's techical issues, lack of polish and clunky gameplay leaves a gaping wound in my heart, as I once again wait for respawn. TLDR: This game is still in beta.  It's unpolished, glitchy, missing key elements of a ""tactical shooter"" and has overall been poorly executed.+ Core community despite the low player base, you'll find a game easily+ World War I setting+ Great server browser immerses you in the action easilyUnfortunately that's about it. As soon as you join a game that immersion gets cut shorter than the lifespan of a new recruit in the trenches.- No information on how unlocks, classes or just about anything works (coming from a 20 year FPS player). You'll find yourself staring at the respawn screen with no helpful hints or tips- Clunky and frustrating controls(in a bad way). It feels nothing like the slow methodical RO2/RS or Squad FPS.   You'll try to run from a grenade, only to crouch or get caught on invisible walls.- Combat is laughable and frustrating at the same time. You feel like your in control of a mannequin rather than an actual person.  It's neither fluid or easy on the eyes when watching 3rd person.- Be prepared to get sniped by people hopping up and down over trench walls, or (as mentioned above) the random grenade whose shrapnel/concussion magically goes through trench lines.- No lean or peek feature, leaving you exposing your WHOLE body when trying to see whats around the corner (hint: it's probably someone camping with a rifle, don't worry you wont have time to react before your insta death)- All explosions sound and look like a small firework went off, or a dud.  Don't worry though, it'll get you kills through walls.- Death animations are a good attempt by the devs, but are poorly done, leaving ragdolls glitching everywhere, or dying comrades looking more like ""The Thing"" than a soldier holding on to their last breath.  I guess it's equally as horrifying to look at.- Super quiet battlefield. You won't feel like your involved in a massive conflict bigger than yourself.  You'll occasionally hear one of your fellow manniquens say something, or die, very rarely are people on VOIP so it's super noticeable and makes the small server seem even SMALLER.- unfair spawn system.  There's no base area, it's either on your teamate or NCO, leading to insta deaths on spawn, very frustratingIn the end, it's a valiant effort by the small dev team and I recogize it.  However, I couldn't even recommend this game for $5 when there's much better options out there worth putting that $5 toward.  The only reason this game has a playerbase is that there are no other attempts at a fairly ""realistic"" WWI shooter.  The game plays like its still in beta, and its community is as loyal as a rabid pitbull (as reflected in the low helpful  review voting).I would recommend  putting your hard earned money toward the games Squad or RS2: Vietnam (hell i'd even recommend RS/RO2, because it still has a higher player base and better gameplay than this despite being released in 2012)"
,Not Recommended,242860,20139410,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kvothe,It has potential but the state of the game right now needs a lot of work
76561198044018269,Not Recommended,242860,19456086,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,General Butt Naked™,"I really want to love this game .. but there is so many warts.  I normally like warts.  But this wart .. no friendly fire.  Its absurd, and not fun.  Not that i want to kill my own, but i want to beware.  Its missing much but potential more."
,Recommended,242860,13274222,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Soup,"A true WWI experience!You play as two characters; Jaques Pédé, a French soldier whose primary interests include being rude to Americans, chain-smoking, and running away; and Hans von Schwul, an elderly Nazi who has been one since before it was cool. Together you make macaroni necklaces, hold hands, sing songs, and teach young children that coloring is a preferrable option to warfare. Though the game has several glitches, such as enemies being able to claim your 50-kill-streak care package and a severe lack of Doritios, it is still the greatest friendship simulator since allowing rascist 3rd-graders to play First-Person-Shooters with Microphones.Your first mission will be difficult, as you will be forced to fight the Asylum Demon with a broken sword, but fear not, for you can go down a door and find a real sword to kill it with.Your second mission will be more so, as you must go out to find your daughter Katey some Zombrex, and will have to fight looters in a pharmacy.You third mission will be the most rewarding, as you will be able to finally use your plasma cutter to kill some necromorphs.All in all, The Binding of Isaac is a great game!"
,Not Recommended,242860,22363350,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,361,"to make it shortLacks of players,Bugs and Huge balance problemsthe game offers alot of fun when playing with friends but if you want to play a nice game in the evening you mostly join servers with 4 people max which isnt fun at all.Buy this game if you really enjoy the Area its playing in luckily the devs are still working on it but sadly they arent working on the right problems such as bugs and balance. Tho always fun when playing with friends."
,Not Recommended,242860,19230983,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Gilgamesh,"Great concept, well executed, nice player base and community. however the game is unplayable due to the fps freezes."
76561198047899773,Recommended,242860,25642835,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Slav Squat 9000,is really gud
,Recommended,242860,12217977,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Balthasar Gelt,"Verdun is just about the only First World War shooter on the market and it's certainly a unique experience. It's tremendous fun desparately holding a line against German attacks and then charging across a field, dodging and diving into craters along the way, to try to take the enemy trench.Shells raining down on your left, gas hovering about on your right, barbed wire behind you and a jerry machine gunner in front. It's not low on action, provided you join a well populated game (Which isn't hard, provided you pick the right time of day). Nor is it a game where you just die constantly until one side gets tired of it. You just have to be smart and not blindly charge into spots that will get you shot.All in all a fantastic shooter, one of the best I've played and I would recommend it whole heartedly to anyone thinking about getting it."
76561198109920027,Recommended,242860,12116314,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Just Giver,i think that this game can be fun frutrating somtines i give this a soilid 9/10
,Recommended,242860,12095511,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,price,THEY'RE ADDING GREAT BRITAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198144984306,Recommended,242860,12134317,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,flaMMA,"I absolutely Love Verdun FPS. It has a realistic stage in the war. There are very few games of its liking. It is a great combination of FPS and WW1. If this game every came out for a higher platfrorm, id buy it without second thought. I 100% reccomend this game."
,Recommended,242860,12134439,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Covered in Crabs 4.20$,my number one choice for showing the Kaiser what's what.
76561198054128170,Recommended,242860,11957423,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,The crumpet king,"I sat in a muddy crater crying while my officer hid in a pipe, 10/10 would play again"
76561198287642336,Recommended,242860,23880578,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mouse - the reelst,cool
,Recommended,242860,16462345,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Arcus Iulius Mallus Gears,"All the realism of WWI trench combat.Want to get shot by someone you can't see across noman's land?  CheckExecuted for disobeying your NCO?  CheckStuck in barbwire?  CheckOnly have a knife and some gernades as your weapon?  CheckGet gassed, only to find your gasmask reduces visibilty so much you just get shot anyways?  CheckThe only thing this game is missing is pouring mud all over your character and having rats swarm you in the trenches between waves."
,Recommended,242860,20275544,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,☭Motherland Bear☭,Verdun > Battlefield 1
,Recommended,242860,18867396,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rockguy21,"I follow my comrades behind the hedge line. When we think we've made it undetected to the enemy trences, bullets fly. Some Canadian Rookies' head bursts wide open right in front of me. Poor sod. I kill one with my bayonet and another with my bare hands. I'm covered in blood. I have a cut on my leg. Not to deep. I rip a puttee off one of the dead blighters. Stupid war. Me and a couple million men mobilized because to countries can't stop their squabbaling. I hear footsteps and play dead. My squad has all moved down the other end. A patrol walks up and I slit the leader's throat. I take one of the others hostage. Mud on my face, blood on my body, I must look like a mad man. This would be brutal for a normal battle. But this isn't a normal battle. This is Verdun."
76561198160340931,Recommended,242860,20262731,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Wehraboo,"Accurate WW1 shooterPros+ Gameplay feels real+ Different variety of maps+ Very, very different to COD (a lot of people think the gameplay is similar)+ Guns are realistic (one shot from a rifle will put you down)+ Multiple gameplay modesCons- Graphics are poor- Lots of lag- Has it's fair share of WTF moments (like when you get headshotted with a pistol from across the map)8/10"
76561198075401519,Recommended,242860,15262602,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Oliver,This is the most realistic game I ever played so far.The game is almost perfect the same as the real WW1.I recommend this game to everybody who likes a shooter.
,Recommended,242860,22212779,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TheDarKnight,"This game is absolutely, positively, incredibly fun! The shooting feels really solid and heavily relies on skill. It's more of a point and shoot and lead your shot but they made it feel harder than you would think. There's a bunch of different weapons to use depending on which of the four classes the player chooses. Each has its own unique role in combat and offers a nice selection of weapons; all of which are very deadly. The maps are HUGE (depending on the map, but most are pretty damn big). There's a lot of running involved, but the maps aren't so big as to feel bored when running across the no mans land and to the next trench. Taking trenches can be very difficult or very easy. Now, there's quite a lot of tiny to big bugs and glitches (worst I ever got is transported inside of the ground when I was hiding in a tiny boxed area carved out of the trench side. I was teleported in between the ground and finally spit up onto the open sky. It wasn't that bad since I laughed about it.) On one map I see a bunch of flashing white lights on the hill of dirt right above a trench. They're not that disruptive but they definitely don't help. It could also be a problem with my graphics settings since at the time of writing this review my gaming pc is broken so I have to use my old pc which has a GT 640... 'nough said. The animations are funky and a lot of times player models will kind of move very rapidly to the left or right which makes shooting kind of hard (except when people run across the no mans land which is usually open ground with varying terrain elevations and depressions). The game is definitely worth however much it costs (I think it's 20 or 15 USD; I got my copy on sale for like 5 dollars so waiting for a sale would be a smart idea; they happen rather frequently, too). Overall, this game became one of my favorite as soon as I figured out what was going on. 8.5/10 because it needs more polishing and work, but it's also kind of an early game, so that's to be expected. Nevertheless, it delivers immense fun across a very big map and the shooting is unlike in any other game that I have played before. The setting is great and unique. GG and buy it on sale or if you can't wait do it RIGHT NOW!"
76561198102420886,Recommended,242860,24035739,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tr33Punch3r1,"10/10 It is an amazing game for the money. You can kill Ai or players, both are equally fun!"
76561198046903971,Recommended,242860,24869203,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gin,"Very nice game, weapon sounds are quite good"
,Recommended,242860,13695308,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Max,Promising game that feels a lot like Red Orchestra 2.
,Recommended,242860,13695132,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,߷ Jacc ߷,Get sniped by MGs.10/10
76561198139830023,Recommended,242860,15766936,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ram395,"Great game, needs minor tweaking."
76561198051974260,Recommended,242860,11913694,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,PatHarper,This game is fan ♥♥♥♥ing tastic and I would recomend it to anyone who likes shooters or the first world war era it is very atmosphereic.
,Recommended,242860,14799684,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Shadowhaze,"It's what I always wanted this game is amazing, you only see WW2 games that are FPS's but this is based around WW1 which im my opinion is better than a WW2 game because of the trenchesI would give is a 9/10For being unique and amazingBut the game still lacks some things but it's still early access so what do you expect"
,Recommended,242860,11522282,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,kurfgiez,The gun shooting sound is very loud and clear.Only cons is a bit high latency for me to play.Very recommend game++
76561198064510705,Recommended,242860,14842185,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Black Ranger,Best WW1 experience ever this game is awsome!!
,Recommended,242860,13618690,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Farathor,"On the other side there are germans covered in mud. On the other side there are frenchmen covered in mud.They shoot at eachother.10/10But seriously, the game is great and should totally be bought if you enjoy realistic tactical games."
,Recommended,242860,15591288,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,CIGS INSIDE,"There I was, laying face down in a corn field in the middle of France. To the left, explosions. Right, clouds of chlorine gas. To my front, machine guns ripping down my friends. All of a sudden, a man called to me, a man named AnalDumpling53. With the help of AnalDumpling53, me and 3 Germans pushed foward into the heart of France, capturing dozens of miles of trenches. When defending a hole from a counter-attack a grenade rolled into our trench, me and AnalDumpling53 made a short eye contact before he spoke his last words to me. "" call in our artillery noob"" he was immediatly blown to pieces. I play this game in hope I can one day be the man AnalDumpling53 wanted me to be, I play for him. rate this game 10/10 would buy with enheritance money x100"
,Recommended,242860,15601489,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,1erMarins_Sgt_Ryan_Jenkins,"One of the very few games about WWI, and it's perfect."
,Recommended,242860,20263265,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,the real cookie monster,"I got this game a long time ago and never played it because it lagged. But now i have an alienware and played it for a match or 2. I have to  say, this game is a cheaper version of arma. Its has the same multiplayer as arma (almost) and has a cool ww2 theme. Get this game if you dont want to spend 60$ for arma but you want something fairly similar. 9/10"
76561198098851454,Recommended,242860,20172539,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kosta[]pro[],i bought the game and i saw the requirements and i had even better than the recommended i bought it installed the game opened it and it said that mi pc is running a integrated graphics card and it will run on low FPS i checked no other graphics is on my pc please help
76561198031109427,Recommended,242860,13032968,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Armed & Homeless,"Great concept, and very well thought out even though it's still in development. I recomend buying it to any history buff, or fan of shooters. I can't wait to see the final product."
,Recommended,242860,15611019,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,VladimusMaximus,"Over-all it's a great experience, definitely the best visceral and tactical WWI game I've ever played. Realizing it's quite early game there are certain very strong annoyances,- Hit detection right now is terrible, half the time you end up missing point blank shots. I have fired almost all WWI and II rifles and they are extremely accurate. Not so in this game.- Lots of bugs obviously (getting stuck not being able to fire)- An annoying game play mechanic that will label you a run away and execute you if you cross your line, meaning even if you choose to advance to attack the enemy you will die automatically (pretty lame)"
,Recommended,242860,12372371,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sqeek: Rat of Lordly Caliber,"The best WW1 shooter ever made (mostly due to the fact that it is the only WW1 shooter ever made)Verdun has been worked on for nearly 5 years by a small team of awesome dudes, who only want to prove to the world that a WW1 shooter can be made.The games graphics look amazing for an indie game, and overall the game is a really fun time if you can get together with a couple buddies. The only downside so far is that the developers have only made trench maps, conforming to the steriotype that WW1 was nothing but trench battles.If your a history buff like myself, I highly reccommed checking this game out, as this is the first WW1 COD-Like shooter in history."
,Recommended,242860,11932106,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,oel,Fun
,Recommended,242860,16003497,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Shiny Knight,"Game is fun, when you play with some friends. Team coordination is key."
,Recommended,242860,29514173,Posted: 26 January,all,f1nsta,Buy gameSpawn into serverPull out my gunNice its a rifle and not a trench clubSee 10 guys charging my trenchPress left mouse buttonGun gets jammedDie to a lagging asian11/10 would die again
,Recommended,242860,7624697,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Sfenneke,"Best WWI game out there, for sure."
76561198081849281,Recommended,242860,13143711,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,thomasLeejonz,"Excellent Game! But I would only recommend this game if you are ready to experience lots of lag, (sometimes) game crashes, bugs, and wacky glitches. There are some hackers, and ranking up is about as much xp as in Battlefield 4. If you are a great fps fan, and very exited for this game, I would recommend it. I would not recommend it if you are looking for a lag free game. It is still in BETA.Based on my experience, 7/10. I am going to say recommended because it is great  for people that are true fps fans.------------------------------------------------------3 DAYS LATER--------------------------------------------------------------------The game is very fun and now i have more hours on record!the game is FILLED with bugs but they are in an early access game. But still i love it!"
,Recommended,242860,11456706,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,why :(,fun fun yeee
76561198048423140,Recommended,242860,12228133,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,☭ Sheriff Martin ☭,"If you like FPS then this game is good. If you like history and particularly enjoy the WWI era, this game is wonderful."
76561198097210770,Recommended,242860,13605818,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,nebarron33,"crawled through mud, nasty water, barb wire, and fallen teamates just to be hit with a trench club as i entered the enemy trench. 10/10would get trench batted again."
76561197989998171,Recommended,242860,17003051,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,FSCBSoldat,"Not bad. A lot of bugs and glitches, small player pool.I like this, but don't love it due to the massive glitches and lag.If you like Verdun, you are better off playing RO2/RS I would say.Still worth a play every now and then, when it works."
,Recommended,242860,16583595,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,EURO|Jimmy/{BA}Jimmy Markou,Great amazing unbelievable game for everyone all around the world!
76561198051637115,Recommended,242860,16713704,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ToTaLe Overdose=✫=,is good
76561198088900905,Recommended,242860,15998025,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Detective meow meow fuzzy face,If Call of Duty : World at War and Battlefield had a baby it would be this
,Recommended,242860,16340747,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sad Mexican,Not standing up simulator.10/10
76561198067714346,Recommended,242860,16775413,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Basioni,This game is very cool!
76561197990298082,Recommended,242860,18038881,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,HAYWANS GREJ,"The one and only WW1 game out there! And i ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT!!! Please buy this game and support the devs! They are just a small indie company and need all the resources they can get! I rather play Verdun than any AAA, high budget, money grab,♥♥♥♥♥♥game out there. I love this game so much <3 !!!Never in my life have I enjoyed a multiplayer game as much as this one. This game truly requires skills and not just run and gun automatic killstreak ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. And most importantly it requires teamwork. Teamwork is the most important factor in this game. You can be as good as you want but you are just one person, if your team doesnt work together you wont be able to achieve♥♥♥♥♥♥on the battlefield.I am also obsessed by how this game portrays the grim and brutal trench warfare of the first world war and also shows how cheap human life was in this war. Fought with too modern weapons and too obsolete tactics the great war resultet in way bigger losses than necessary, and this is portrayed greatly in Verdun.If you have a huge interest in WW1 you are utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you do not buy this game!"
,Recommended,242860,17771043,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Harii Pooter,"Brilliant, realistic game with awesome settings and graphics. If you like World War 1, buy this game. I fyou like first person shooters, buy this game. Hell even if you don't try it out anyway! And ♥♥♥♥ this stupid ♥♥♥♥ called Aidan, because he's Wilde and annoying."
76561198076351591,Recommended,242860,17837069,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Women Respecter,nice multiply experience exploring a period in history which is interesting and vastly unexplored. could be simpler tho
76561198085833767,Recommended,242860,17325844,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,John Michael,"""Who farted in my trench?!"" -Unknown Verdun player, 2015."
76561198049825818,Recommended,242860,17192979,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,BIG NIGGA STEVE,The best ww1 game you can get
76561198106493777,Recommended,242860,17357983,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Private Jackson,"Great Game!Very Well Design of WWI Trench Warfare.The Game not only relies on skill but Team Work as Well.I recommend this for all you historical players.The mechanics of this game are done very nicely.The game shows a great example of WWI Trench Warfare.The controls are prefect along with the map design.I recommend this to people who have friends as it is great for team work, as well as a great time.This is not only a great game, but one of a kind there are not that many WWI Trench Warfare games out there.Well Done!"
76561198044614931,Recommended,242860,12430846,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,gabe,"Easily one of my top ten games so far. It has it's bugs and glitches, but overall it's a good game. Can't wait for the full release!"
,Recommended,242860,10311837,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Kelly's Hero,A pretty good try for a ww1 fps
,Recommended,242860,16460325,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,iustitiacero,"this game is good, very enjoyable if you like: arma, project reality, squad, rising storm, red orchestra. definitely not a run and gun"
76561198051458205,Recommended,242860,15979965,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Annozoker,"very good gaem,i played it since it was released as early access ,and since then they did huge steps forward and made this game very good with good graphic,new gamemode(frontlines),new mechanics and so on,so i say buy it and storm the enemy frontline!"
,Recommended,242860,14253577,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,LeonLionHeart,"Verdun brings me back to the olden days where games were focused on past wars. This game having it's minor problems is amazing at what it does! Keep updating those amazing things!Gameplay9/10Graphics6/10Optimization4/10Keep updating! But, this game is worth your buy! :D"
,Recommended,242860,25248235,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Desert_fox75,good game but dont harsh to much u will get bored otherwise
,Recommended,242860,17649475,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Ass Eater,This is a great game that I would recommend for anyone who likes WWI realistic action based games. There are some small glitches but they do not affect game play and are hardly noticed.  The game runs smooth and preforms well. A great game worth the price.
,Recommended,242860,18700457,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Jaffaaa,"Great game, love it! Buy it if you have the money because it is not wasted if you buy this game."
,Recommended,242860,19227904,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,aperture science experiments,"This game is amazing!it is so good that I have had to get three copies for my friends!it is not a horror game and yet a♥♥♥♥♥♥my self ""plenty"" of timesOne hit ko One million waysget ready to play the game of the first world war!"
,Recommended,242860,21356808,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jopalot,Shoot a guy in his finger he's dead10/10
76561198004225792,Recommended,242860,16541808,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[RD] Mybikegotstolen5yearsago,"This game is OK. I bought this game thinking Red Orchestra 2 + WW1...........well it's not. It's more like Call of Duty or DoD meets WW1. The game is not focused on realism. Although most combat is within 50 meters and the weapons are bolt action battle rifles, they still tend to miss because ""balance"". Animations are weird and jerky but they may smoothout with updates. Explosions look weird and painted. Sound is great for the most part.Pros: Easy to get into, Only WW1 FPS, Easy to unlock stuffCons: Weapons miss alot, hipfiring is VERY common for rifles, feels like an arcade shooter,"
,Recommended,242860,23794376,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Anders,"First off, it's a fantastic game set in an era where their arn't any good games (unless you want Battfield One, but no one does), it's immersive and is easy to learn. Co-op can be a hassle sometimes but once you get in a game it is worth the wait, and the fact that they can last for about 30 minutes gives you plenty of time to explore the maps, which are some of the best maps I have seen in a while. It is maybe not 100% realistic as people can flank and people do camp in the trench holes with pistols, but it has a lot of good realistic aspects, like the fact that a well placed machine gun will kill your entire squad and the nice addition of gas attacks.Speaking of squads, they are barable, though arn't the games strongest point, when playing with friends and enabling the friends only option, you'll find yourself meeting plenty of people that most certainly are not your freinds, that was quite annoying.One shot can (and will) kill you, which means that playing this game at 1 in the morning after without getting much sleep will result in some holes being punched into your walls and it can be annoying how some people seem to teleport meaning you can't shoot them at all.I would rate it 7/10, very good, and with some improvments and small tweaks could be a truly great game. I bought this in the sale, and would recommend anyone with £10 and an interest in the era to buy it."
,Recommended,242860,22009457,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Abshire,"I have been playing this game for a long time, before Steam had it...and I must say its one of the greatest games I have played...and the recent update has basically made it an entirely new game. Such a damn fine job they have done. The Coop is really a lot of fun, and is very hard. My only complaint is I wish you could have more people in Coop than just 8, would be a lot more fun with 2-3 more full squads and coordinating within those squads."
,Recommended,242860,16434238,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Struggling College Student,World War Fun
,Recommended,242860,24307867,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Zé Tretinha,">Is my first day in the trench>Kaizer only give me a shovel to defend fatherland>My comrades say is better I start digging my grave>I spent a few hours sharpening my new best friend>NCO says to prepare because tomorrow we'll send the English back to London>Night comes, I can't sleep>Sun rise, second day begun>Bullets fly>NCO call a smoke grenade on no man's land>We charge>More bullets fly, now I can hear the man screaming for their mothers>I reach the enemy trench, NCO still with me>He tells me to not be afraid>His head explodes>I do not know what to do, I'm afraid>I hear the fallback signal>I try to escape>A machine gun cut me in half>I think it should have digged my grave>My comrades are dead, I'm dead, we fail to fatherland, our mothers cryWar simulator 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,22073976,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,(VRP) Slicer the Kaiser,"A really realistic ww1 game featuring actuall trench warfare,gas attacks,and trench raids along with alot of weapons."
76561198057327227,Recommended,242860,16540890,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Reaper_Wafflez,Joins squad.Match found.Spawns.Runs out of trench.Gets shot.Respawns.Figures out controls.Takes 5 minutes to prone out of the trench.Gets shot.Decides to take it step by step.Shoots first person.Gets shot.Respawns.Gets executed for running away.Respawns.Gets executed because I didnt retreat in time.Respawns.Pretty much entire team spawns together and then charges out of trench.Bullets flys all around me.Sprints until stamina runs out.Watches everyone else get shot.Gets shot.11/10 Would get shot again
76561198098550460,Recommended,242860,18631650,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,KittenMilk,"One of the best games ever, the people who are complaining about spawn placement dont realize you could go prone. I have seen people complain of how some classes dont make sense like this one class that has abunch of grenades, and a club. They fail to realize that this game is what people did and used in WWl. This game is all history that is true."
,Recommended,242860,18560716,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Soehlman,"EASILY the BEST, BEST, BEST, World War One FPS I have ever played, the maps are gorgeous, the game is intense and balanced with realism and historical accuracy a top priority. Even with a hard eye given to the accuracy and detail of them game, it in no way takes away from the incredible amounts of fun it is. As a veteran, military history buff, and gamer I cannot recommend this game enough to any of the above. BRILLIANT job :)"
,Recommended,242860,15646051,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,69thPA [Co. I] Alexander,This is hands down the best World War I FPS out there.
76561198085268212,Recommended,242860,16735662,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MASTERxBLASTER,this game is amazing and the constant updates keeps it fresh when they add stuff/
,Recommended,242860,16470913,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Esssskeeeeeti,It is a truly Fantastic game i would rate it a solid 10 but the only problem is there should be more classes for weapons like machine gun
,Recommended,242860,17321767,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,dylan♛,"This game is decent, The game is really good, the graphics look amazing and for a first person shooter a do reccommend this game."
76561198069660869,Recommended,242860,15601870,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MITSOS ELITE,Damnnn the game got really awesome since the beta..Best graphics so many bugs got fixed and the game now is complete ready to play it and enjoy it!!
,Recommended,242860,23261604,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,NinjaMiner,"Fun as hell WW1 FPS, as advertised. Not much more to say, but don't give up too early. Stick with it and you'll git gud in no time."
,Recommended,242860,15698353,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mojeda,just don't peek out of your trench. Personal experience
,Recommended,242860,15695515,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mendax,"The game is quite good. The only thing that is frustrating is its squad based class distribution and certain guns which are quite overpowered for the distance put between the trenches. Also the sniper riffles with scopes take up 25%-50% of your screen depending on you resolution settings. An additional complaint would be I think there are 7-8 maps total and it would be lovely if they made more or allowed players to create their own. Other then those things, the game is quite good considering its the only WW1 game in gaming right now."
,Recommended,242860,12939807,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,leofwarrior,"Verdun is a First Person Shooter set in the First World War. It provides and entertaining mix between realism and gameplay; this is not Call of Duty where you can just run straight through 50 rounds, most of the time one shot kills. Verdun boasts an intruiging class system with three different squad types for the Entente and the Triple Alliance. With combat ranging from gunning down enemies in no-mans-land to bayonetting in the trenches. Keep in mind that game is in early access and many great new features are still to come. Unfortunately, not many people use the AU (based in Japan) server which can cause problems for people with high ping; this has been excrutiatingly annoying for me as whenever a second device is in use at my house my ping goes above the limit of 500 but this appears to not affect the majority of players. If you're looking for graphics like those of Halo then you will be disappointed but graphics are not everything (as long as they are okay). Overall Verdun is a great game, I recommend it to anyone looking for a fresh FPS experience."
76561198140847364,Recommended,242860,14243344,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,xXNo5coperXx@Yahoo.com,Yes it is a very fun game where you can play like no other you actually have to have some strategy unlike the call of duties where its just run and gun.The strategies that you have to do is defend your trench and you have to hold it off until the enemies took enought casulties then you get a chance to take their trench and hold it.10/10 MUST BUY
76561198024597276,Recommended,242860,13632419,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Gentlebear,"Went through the barbed wire,survived a gas attack got killed by a machine gun:D 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,13891465,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,X-Tep,"Full price? Half off? Free? Maked up 623,469%? BUY VERDUN NOW!If you don't buy this game, then you wouldn't know a deal even if it came up to you and upper-cutted you into space.Verdun was on my wish list for months before I bought it... I was an idiot for not putting my credit card into the CD drive sooner."
76561198109604415,Recommended,242860,13960874,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Samuel Höjd,"Big Steve is now fighting in the bloddy trenches of Verdun against the Allies, Steve likes it in the trenches we've heard..."
76561198054031047,Recommended,242860,16454424,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Deqon,i gifted this game to a friend now he bangs me with some epic love.11/10
,Recommended,242860,16458076,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fenrir,"Beautiful game. Comparable to Red Orchestra 2 (and obviously inspired by it) this game gives gripping trench warfare that's both organized and thrilling. The combat system ensures that every weapon has its perks. The way weapons are unlocked could be improved, but it's not difficult or hard. This isn't a grindy game to get anywhere, or one you would play for achievements; it's simply a laid-back shooter to enjoy. I've never heard of a WW1 trench warfare game, but always wanted one, and to have this graphically stunning and smooth-running work of art in my library is nothing short of a gift from great developers. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,16485470,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sovietshark,"I can't Recommend this game enough and here is why;Positives:The game features fairly realistic Trench WarfareALL expansions are going to be free (At least the currently announced ones)It is a unique experienceGraphics are heavily updatedDev's are also very very openNegatives:1 Shot, dead. Kinda a bummer but hey, it is kinda like real lifeGas not as deadly as I thoughtSome performance issues (Getting fixed though)This game is UNIQUE and DEFINETLY worth the $23 which it normally sells at."
76561198064549727,Recommended,242860,11085927,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Thermite,Best WW1 FPS
,Recommended,242860,12926630,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Nyan Cat,"It's been 25 days since I've joined the front lines. My role is often a sniper or a machinegunner. Hanz my best friend told me not to go but I had to do my duty. He and I joined together and fought bravely. I miss him, he was captured by the English and I fear I may never see him again. The battles grow more bloody and chaotic. But my comrades left and right need me. I just hope this war will end soon, I'm tired of running back and forth between trenches.This game 10/10."
,Recommended,242860,20864880,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ivers | french cowboy,Only WWI game I could findFun 8.6/10
76561198024711216,Recommended,242860,12237823,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Bonesteak,"It's an amazing game (for beeing beta).This is one of the games that breaks the CoD feeling where you can survive 155 grenades 2000 rounds of bullets and then regain all of your health and knife your enemies.It's 1 bullet and you'r dead.Teamwork is prio 1, a bad teamwork will result that your enemies will break your lines and push you back all the way to your base and you will lose.Good teamwork will make it feel like as if you were driving a tank trying to wage war with ants, nothing can stop your army.But it's when both armies have great tactics the real fun begins. You'r realy stuck in the typical trench war firing at your enemy doing anything to kill them and take their positions and force them back.There's loads of weapons (including things such as: Trench showel, Luger, gas, mortars etc).My first few minutes in this game gave me the feeling that it was realy hard, 1 shot 1 kill. The game ended with me having 3 kills and 16 deaths, but it was amazing. I'm realy stuck in this game always trying to win and lead the army to victory!I give this game a 9/10 since its an awesome game and it dosn't matter how many times you play a map, you always find new ways to capture a trench.The only negative thing is that the matches sometimes ""freeze"" making it impossible to kill the enemy or die (but then again it's a beta).Would like to see a Gallipoli as a map here, that would be amazing!"
76561198272488367,Recommended,242860,22175612,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,UncleFluke32,amazing game 10/10
76561198214297555,Recommended,242860,22697875,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,EVGR Arctic Bambi,good game
,Recommended,242860,16450678,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Freebird,"Lead a bayonet charge in which everyone but myself was shot, and proceeded to heroically stab my enemies.10/10 would use my allies as cannon fodder again."
76561198033820795,Recommended,242860,16924963,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Dragz,This game gets addicting. Warning. Just bought it already play 9 hours
76561198070769022,Recommended,242860,12405133,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Strider,"I have waited a long time for a good trench warfare game, and here it is. Keep up the good work"
76561198063973782,Recommended,242860,23053243,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Floda Reltih,bullet dodging simulator 2016                                                                                                                        p.s would be cool if you tweaked the survival mode into a zombie survival instead
76561198097344092,Recommended,242860,9313709,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Macattack900,"When I first saw this game, i was a little skeptical about it, DONT BE. ITS THE BEST WW1 SHOOTER OUT THERE I RECOMMEND IT AND CANNOT WAIT FOR ANOTHER GAME FROM THIS COMPANY 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,19300953,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Biologique,Fun Gam
76561198058044338,Recommended,242860,19301390,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Tdog Smith,"This makes Activision cry it is so goodPros- actual strategy is required!a million times better than any call of duty shooter period!Realistic, Realism, practically real......Cons- spawn killing does happen a few times at least once or twice every 50 rounds of trench warfare"
,Recommended,242860,26194337,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,TheHound,bf1 can suck my♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242860,13663522,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DynamiteHarry,The atmosphere is captured really good and the trench warfare isnt as boring as some might think. Running across no mans land is a challenge but not impossible. Weapons and no crosshair also makes for a good game (as the RO series).+ Atmosphere+ Fun trench warfare+ Relatively good graphics+ NO Rocketlauncher/Bazooka ;)- Alpha quality but (+) it got active developers
,Recommended,242860,16468579,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AfRiKaO'War,"I looked him in the eyes.. he didnt see me.. i aimed between his green beautiful eyes.. i wondered ,, does he have a family waiting for him? i dont know.. i pulled the trigger.. i missed.. i pulled again..i missed. agaaain..i missed.. and then i realise..his is in my team.. 10/10 i would oparate with him .again. and again.. and again.."
76561198106261222,Recommended,242860,25948981,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,(Rex),Fun
76561198023468783,Recommended,242860,14510656,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Many Staples,"Played a game of Verdun. Neither side made any progress, and anyone who dared run out of their trench was mowed down by machine gun fire. Seemed pretty accurate to me."
76561198050423853,Recommended,242860,15687820,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Killer Ben,Verdun is a great take on an area of history that is rarley portayed in games let alone as an FPS. It offers smoth flowing and intense combat with a battlefield style squad sytsem. It looks amazing and is very similar to games such as the Red Ochestra 2 multiplayer. highly recommned as it is well worth the relativeley low cost.
,Recommended,242860,15702279,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Shia Surprise!,"I participated in the early access for Verdun because the idea looked really interesting. Having followed the game through till now I can say that it is one of the success stories of the Early Access system. The game does just about everything you want it to and whilst it isn't perfect, there are still a couple of bugs, it is a very enjoyable experience.The shooting mechanics feel very well crafted, much closer to Red Orchestra than anything else (Which is probably the best ww2 shooter). Some people complained that the reloading takes too long but I personally think the reloading takes too little time in most games. Have you ever tried to reload a weapon? Even when you're practiced it's not an easy affair and you're not gonna be slamming rounds into a chamber when misplacing them will mean you won't have a round at the crucial moment. I think its fair it takes as long as it does.The gameplay is interesting, you assault and defend trenches on maps that range from trenches only being a few blood and barbed wire soaked meters from each other to trenches being running from shell hole to shell hole, sniper dodging miles (not literally) from each other. This means there's a lot of scope to use the weapons differently with specialised weapons suffering where rifles excel. Snipers are useless in trenches and machine guns aren't useful to assault with. Rifles are the only all round useful tool and it pays to be good with them (hence, perhaps, why there is a deathmatch mode dedicated just to rifles!)Squads play a key role and having your NCO close to the line means you can respawn near to them (a la Red Orchestra). Each squad has four roles to be filled and squads that play together often reap the benefits of improved squad levels. It's nice to have continuity rewarded.All in all this game strikes a nice balance between striving for realistic shooting and interesting, dynamic gameplay.I'd definitely recommend it!"
76561197986004268,Recommended,242860,15704958,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,scudder66,i have been waiting for a game like this ever since i was a kid and now its finally here with Verdun
76561198007240439,Recommended,242860,15691691,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,john.popkess,"I have never written a review before but I had to for this little beauty. It is heaps of fun, full of atmosphere and the servers are very friendly, no rage dwarfs! The game is easy to play and very hard to master. The people behind this deserve success. I could blah, blah blah a little more, but I'd rather go back to the trenches now. Outstanding"
,Recommended,242860,25901129,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,♨Sakha,"Dont buy for graphics,Dont buy for the LOLS.Buy for authenticity and realism.Nuff said."
,Recommended,242860,12102247,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,living on cloud 9,"I used to want to play online games...WW1 themed online games, to be specific. And for one thing...I was really happy to see Verdun. I mean, it's so good, so many people are playing this, so many unique maps...it's just amazing.I totally recommend you get this game!"
76561198072930598,Recommended,242860,28541241,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Carolean,It's pretty fun to get some buttmad ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ angry by calling them subhuman GERmans. The roleplay is great and getting slaughtered by the one guy with the MG08 is really fun.Make sure to spam laugh
,Recommended,242860,8058732,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Kukalov,"This game shows great potential! But there are plenty of bugs... But it is in alpha stages so those can be forgiven. But i willl list off a few annoying bits. First, the timer that counts down after you go out of bounds is just way to short, That and it continues even after leaving the ""forbidden"" zone. And if you play as the officer, the class isnt explained very well so you just have to find out yourself. And that reminds me... There is no tutorial as of the making of this review. But if you are really thinking about getting this then i will be honest, it is a game I wouldn't recommend but if you have the money then get it."
,Recommended,242860,11915537,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,IRefuseFuckOff,This is a very fun game. For an early access this is well built and it will get beter. The money is worth it.
76561198253730673,Recommended,242860,26331153,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,clean westin,"Verdun, a  very hardcore game! if you're looking for the autenthic feeling of WWI on your screen I do recommend this game highly. I've played very little but I've tested every game mode and personally Frontlines is my favourite gamemode, with the real feeling of war!But if you're not open to new kind of games I do not recommend this game for you. For example If you've been playing CODall of your life, This is completely different strategy its like comparing Battlefield to Counter Strike.Hope this review helped xoxo :)"
76561198116540640,Recommended,242860,26065521,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DonkersHonkers,pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good pls fix spawn times tho
,Recommended,242860,21016993,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Syzygy,Yesterday I learned that patrol planes in this game can drop bombs19/14 would make Ted Cruz precision carpet bombing jokes again
,Recommended,242860,16572698,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Bee Keeper,"> The year is 1914> Conscripted into the British Army> Met a guy from Wales named Jimmy> We spend most of our time together> Deployed to the front in Verdun> Constant bombardments keep spirits low> One morning hear the battlecry of germans approaching> AwhHellNah.jpeg> Jimmy looks to me> ""Everything will be alright if we stick together""> Jimmy looks out towards the noise> Jimmy gets domed by an enemy sniper11/10 would get trench foot again"
76561198002692031,Recommended,242860,16825518,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,95th_RoF_Cpl_Johnham,I got trench foot and then a shell landed on me 10/10 Would fight for the Kaiser again.
76561197999330858,Not Recommended,242860,18426739,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Frame,Not worth the money. 80% and more uses aimbots or something like that.
76561198108967475,Recommended,242860,18243189,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,King Krule-aid,bodies fly at least 5 metres after being hit my sniper bullet10/10
76561198064209379,Recommended,242860,14733048,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Maverick,really fun World War 1 game10/10 would friend again
76561198041054812,Recommended,242860,14492484,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,NigBe,This is my review of the gameThis game is goodthank you
76561198060641438,Recommended,242860,20597034,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,HyMiNameIsTroy,game is good
,Recommended,242860,32924609,Posted: 28 June,all,Moist Nugget,This game is.......
,Recommended,242860,10254652,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Karlyto,Its a good game I recommend you to buy it.
,Recommended,242860,15662455,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Baz,19/14 would gas again
76561198007224675,Recommended,242860,20051109,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Caratacus,10/10 would press my face into a puddle again to avoid the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the machine gun.
76561198108401953,Recommended,242860,11674966,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Kim Jong-Un,First time I opened it I heard 'It's a long way to Tipperary' in the background. 10/10.
76561198086777450,Recommended,242860,15606115,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Gonzo Price,It's good. It's one of the greatest world war 1 games that i have ever played.
76561198070138101,Recommended,242860,11012380,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ZerkThaMERK,♥♥♥♥ HER RIGHT IN THE ♥♥♥♥♥ / ♥♥♥♥ HER RIGHT IN THE ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198035201885,Recommended,242860,15601912,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Keep calm and use ecm,"You see that video on steam? THIS IS NOT what this game looks like. You don't charge for king and country, you hide in the mud and shoot enemies 100 meters away, or you climb into enemy trenches and camp. Today is April 28th 2015, the game is still in new release, so there are some problems such as ping issues( enemy with high ping will appear from no where and shoot you) , some little bugs. The game itself is worth more that its price. So buy it if you have good internet connection. This game is all about shoot as many enemies as you can while you are alive, and die. Yes, you will die a lot in this game, I mean A LOT. But you'll learn after playing a while, don't stick you head out, don't hop out of the trenches and most of the time ignore your NCO's attack order. You'll survive.DON'T BANZAI CHARGE! DON'T BANZAI CHARGE! DON'T BANZAI CHARGE! DON'T BANZAI CHARGE! DON'T BANZAI CHARGE! DON'T BANZAI CHARGE! DON'T BANZAI CHARGE! DON'T BANZAI CHARGE! DON'T BANZAI CHARGE!"
,Recommended,242860,10805688,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SORAXIUM,game was bad. they updated. game is now awesome. Horns play when cool stuff happens. There is old people music. 420/10 its ok ~IGN.
76561197964925010,Recommended,242860,13016338,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,RICH,"if you are interested in this period of warfare then  buy it.i find it to be nealy bug free, the devs deliver on their promises,8/10...would be a nine but  i spend a lot of time dying."
76561198071033208,Not Recommended,242860,25848169,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Deerlobe,"I can't say I really like this game. I love the topic off WW1, and I love games with strategy accuracy and teamwork. This game is accurate, but that's about it. The graphics are ok, the gameplay is clunky and unresponsive (I didn't know a game could mess up mouse aiming so much) and it's repetitive and unfair. I will keep an eye on the game but for now it's a pass."
76561197978048897,Recommended,242860,16282750,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,[514]-Sir_Sac,fun shooter. good to play with some friends in your squad.. very annoying when u get a stupid team
,Recommended,242860,25217327,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,HotSpot,"A much more accurate portrayal of The Great War than Battlefield 1 will ever be. Everybody starts with either a bolt-action rifle or a pistol (and most classes continue using it even in their higher unlocks), and there's trenches everywhere. You'll be blown up by artillery, you'll die cut by barbed wire, you'll be executed for deserting, you'll die from inhaling toxic gas, you'll be mowed down by machinegun fire and blown up by a stray grenade.The game consists of 32 player maps, 4 squads of 4 players on each side of the conflict, so it's recommended that you get 3 friends and create a pre-made squad for this: cooperation and communication is key in this game, you can not, I repeat, CAN NOT be a one man army: you'll usually die in one hit.Bullet balistics are an existing game mechanic: for targets that are far away you need to adjust your aim to compensate for gravity and the speed+direction of your target.Although more accurate, this is not as unforgiving as other FPS games such as Red Orchestra 2: you can see how much ammo you have left, you have a working radar where you can see all your allies, and friendly fire doesn't exist, so if you're not sure who you're aiming at... shoot anyway.Be sure to check out some starting guides for this game, and good luck!"
,Recommended,242860,11617054,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,MoonFish,"I decided to do a review on this because after 8 and a half hours of gameplay, I figured it was time. However, this review is the game from beta version, so some things may be different.The best thing by far in this game is the concept of Frontlines mode. This is far more creative than the Call of Duty or Battlefield franchise. You can actually play in realistic standards of WW1, with trench warfare. I thought this was in itself masterfully done and I thank the devs for that.However, there are still a few things I think should be tweaked out. One being the gun gameplay. I found that some of these guns were somewhat nerfed being that shooting someone in the chest or head will not kill them, yet only wound them.I also find that the graphics are substandard, but that will obviously be tuned out soon enough.One of the more annoying mechanichics is the mortar strikes being spammed multiple times though the game constantly killing everyone on the team. I think mortars should be limited to maybe 5 per game.That being said, the game is a masterpiece and is amazing, yet addicting. Overall, the game is worth buying at the price it's sold at.8/10"
76561198185339335,Recommended,242860,24045351,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Maggi Saggi,"This game has real quality and a possibllity to be a great FPS. It is very hard to make a game on a war were everyone stays in their trenches and slowly dies by a poor hygene, the cold, rats or poisoning, but Verdun has managed to pull it off. Verdun offers a pleasant change from the ordinary shot-em-up, aswell as teaching us the tales of the trenches. However to improve, Verdun could fix a few of the bugs here and their and also add a Russian Squad because the Russians were one of the most envoled factions. If I had to sum up this game in one word, I would say ""Terrific"". Well done Verdun developers, Job well done."
76561198139763072,Recommended,242860,25262930,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kyrn,"Join to the carnival of death.You just die a billion times.Developers,i think we must add more squad like indians infanity,cavalry,austro-hungarian infanity,etcBut game have so beutifull graphics,and so reality"
76561197970899710,Not Recommended,242860,25437730,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,D-Man,"Beautiful maps and great artwork. World War 1 trench warfare as it should be in a game.I have found the movement mechanics - running, crouching, prone etc to be the worst I've ever experienced in a FPS game EVER. It is just terrible.It's slow, clunky and not worth 'getting used to' when you have a WW2 masterpiece like Red Orchestra 2 and Rising Storm available at half the price. Buy that one. Seriously. It is the best.But if you're desperate for a WW1 game, then you should probably give it a go, coz the only other one worth mentioning will be Battlefield 1.Such a shame because this could have been amazing."
76561198031669949,Recommended,242860,16463243,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,sloot salad,super great game
,Recommended,242860,25236702,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DeepAss,Amazing shooter! Really redefines squad based combat.
,Recommended,242860,12981011,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Jawa Jesus,"Verdun has some serious potential, not since Red Orchestra: Darkest Hour have I enjoyed a online team based military FPS, such as I enjoy Verdun. The game takes the player onto the Western Front and lets one chose from the British, Canadians, Germans and French duking it out across shell crators, gas attacks, artillery barrages making surivival very difficult even with well coordinated teams. Just think of the film All Quiet on the Western Front, and that scene where the German spandau crew is laying waste to the French attackers. It is a nail bitingly intense scene, and Verdun offers, just as an intense experience.As it is early access, the game does suffer from some pretty crippling bugs. Sometimes you just aren't allowed to spawn in anymore, prompting a player created fix where everyone switches teams? That is great if you are lone wolfing it, but its hard enough to get  a section of four buddies into a game, without shagging up the squad to fix an ingame bug. I'm not sure if this bug is still a thing, but there was the ""Yoda"" problem, where one player, would inexplicably spawn attached to the back of another player close buy. These bugs suck, but its early access so we are pre-paid, willing test subjects, which I am totally okay with (if your not, why buy early access at all?).Great game over all. I would also like to congratulate the Dev's on the level of research the have put into the ""look"" of the game. The uniforms and accoutrements are all fantastically rendered, No Mans Land actually looks like the old images suggest it does and the fact most of these new nations, weapons and content all came within a short time, I applaud!I only have one small request, can we make the Canadians a bit more standardised? 1903 bandoliers and Webleys are great, but its really hard to move a section around the map armed with so little."
76561198388530880,Recommended,242860,33020387,Posted: 29 June,all,Amk7777777,An amazing game. The most realistic WW1 game on the the market. There are a few bugs and flaws but it is totally worth it. I would recommend this to anyone who likes historical games.
,Recommended,242860,29234231,Posted: 13 January,all,Marmofeels,World War One?More like World War Fun!
,Recommended,242860,17246993,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,[IG] TacoCat,really good game <3 :)
,Recommended,242860,10539016,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Eugene of Florence,Out ♥♥♥♥ing standing
76561198056400982,Recommended,242860,10593786,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Snoopy 20111,"If you're tired of 'modern warfare' and love squad based shooters, this is for you.As of writing this review the game is still in Beta, update 151, but it is already one of my favorite games. Play as (currently) German or French troops in fights wavering back and forth between trench lines, in a seemingly endless series of attacks and counter-attacks on maps based on real trench layouts from the war, scattered across the Western Front, from the poorly-drained Flanders to the rocky and mountainous Vosges. The battles are brutal, the artillery is deadly, the rifles are bolt-action, the players are almost always awesome, and the Unity Engine plays the whole scene out beautifully.Honest 10/10. Get this game."
,Recommended,242860,10623794,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NqSilverBullet,Got a quintuple killstreak with a three round magazine rifle10/10 vive la revolution
,Recommended,242860,10701130,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DoubleJ472,"Quite a fun timesink, would buy again."
,Recommended,242860,10740855,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Waifu Material,"The French are easily beat.Morters and inaccurate but deadlyHoles, Holes everywhereNeeds more screams of the dying and corpses.8/10 would create a Virtual Hitler in the future"
,Recommended,242860,22330007,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hauntedtoaster,A little rough around the edges but is way better than the point and shoot fps that we all know.
76561198165383638,Recommended,242860,13521037,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CCTPRC152,"Great game. Any fans of the Great War will love this. Very basic but immersive, fun and fast gameplay. Different squads have different roles. British, French and Canadian all have different uniforms, weapons and traits that come in useful in certain situations. THe Germans are represented by different classes of soliders from the light and fast Jagers to the up close and personal Sturmtruppen. It really comes alive when you have a decent squad with you who use the benifits of working and fighting close together (when working as a squad under the command umbrella you get bonus abilities). The game can stall at times with the usual sniper campers but you can spur your squad and team onto victory. I love this game, the maps are brutal but beautiful and play really well. I never thought a WW1 game would work but conrats to the team behind it because it really does."
76561198048867665,Recommended,242860,13609390,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bolz,"Trench warfare, barbed wires, poisonous gas, meat-grinding forts.This game perfectly describes the brutality of World War 1.A solid game for people who also like i.e. Red Orchestra."
76561198119046218,Recommended,242860,13646535,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheGovernor87,"+ WW1 setting+ detailed and well thought out maps+ Fun/good music menus+ learning curve (good because you cant just pick up and start dominating)-Typical early access bugs (expected)- rendering can be spotty at times- mechanics need refinementI was attracted to Verdun becasue of the WW1 setting which hasnt gotten the attention that it deserves. While it is still early access you can expect lots of bugs but hey, its earlly accesss so it can be forgiven. The community has been pretty approachable in game and out. All in all Id say buy it and get in on the ground floor before its finished at the price rises. Problems aside, I think this game will be fantastic once everything is ready to go. For now, I'll be hitting up servers every now and then and checking on the updates."
76561198202173228,Recommended,242860,26352292,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MADRobert,I dont know were to start its amazing but not as good as bf1 but very close worth every penny and its better with a controller  i would highly recommend this :)
,Recommended,242860,19972127,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AJ,Awesome game
,Recommended,242860,30971097,Posted: 5 April,all,Tealwisp,"Verdun feels a lot like Battlefront 2 did: the excitement of a shooter, but without the ridiculousnes you get with CoD and Battlefield.  It also HIGHLY rewards teamwork and playing to your squad type.  There's a little bit of a learning curve, but the wave defense makes it easy to get past that."
,Recommended,242860,30822446,Posted: 29 March,all,Lenin,Very good realistic game. Lenin approves. I hope they do the eastern front in the future.
76561198254514828,Recommended,242860,30828470,Posted: 30 March,all,Leo_Spy,"I love the game. The only bug is that sometimes if two people shoot at each other at the same time, you can hear your gun go off but it doesn't hit if you get killed. Otherwise, everything is perfect!"
,Recommended,242860,22890163,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Discord,Pure gritty trench warfare at its finest. The orginal battlefield 1
,Not Recommended,242860,28582546,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kanex,"unfortunately i am refunding this most of all because of the engine, don't get me wrong, the idea is great, the features are awesome and basicly everything besides the engine is well done, it's just it's too slow of a gameplay for me personally, i like it more fast paced, hope it will get better somehow with time, good luck.6.8/10"
76561198090008631,Recommended,242860,10600381,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CaineTheFirst,"This is probably one of the most outstanding FPS games i have ever played. My worst fear about this game is that it would not capture the gritty, grimy, muddy and generaly nasty trench warfare, but it actually does it great.my advice to youSTOP READING THE DAMN REVIEWS AND BUY THE DARN THING!"
76561198142707144,Recommended,242860,17308090,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,YOUREUGLY2,"One of the best and most immersive online historical fps out there. If you have a friend playing with you, you will lose track of time because it is so much fun! If you are thinking of getting it, DONT THINK, verdun needs players, verdun needs you. See you on the battlefield!"
,Recommended,242860,24494316,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Andre,"It's a very nice game, comparable in atmosphere to greats like Red Orchestra 2.A few glitches here and there, specifically IK glitches, which will boost out of the safety of cover.Prepared to be curb-stomped by veterans until you hit about level 25, it takes some time getting used to the controls, and to figure out the intricacies of staying low and fighting.That being said, this game would GREATLY benefit having some kind of press-into cover system, like Red Orchestra: I find myself being killed in cover because the top of my hat was sticking over the trench , when on my screen I was safely crouched down."
,Recommended,242860,24493286,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,RickSanchez,GREAT GAME! more game modes needed yet extremely good and immersive title! GORE is excelent as well
76561198069114452,Not Recommended,242860,17546988,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Affenzwirbler,"First of all I want to say that I am a big fan of realistic shooters. I've played Red Orchestra 2 for ages and couldn't avoid comparing those two games.I'll just create a little pro and con section.Pros:- WW1 as a scenario which is very seldom- detailled weapons- ballistic weapons appeal to the laws of physics- fresh wind due to squad system instead of server system (you join a squad and not a server)- innovations like gas masksCons:- Very very hard when you start playing- Repetitive like hell (attack the trench, defend the trench, repeat)- Nearly no tutorial- The whole menue is very confusing- For a realistic shooter you have very little options. (can't lean to the left or right, can't pick up guns, can't replenish ammo)- The maps are very small and look very poorly designed especially compared to the weapon design- You get shot but have absolutly nooo idea where it came from because you see nothing- Confusing class systemAll in all I didn't enjoy it and will stick to Red Orchestra 2 and hope to see a better realistic shooter some day."
76561197989188942,Not Recommended,242860,19326462,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tsukasa,Bloody dreadfull.
,Recommended,242860,20593393,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,sweet home alabama,"On of the best FPS I've ever seen, Your skills can vary from Machine gun to Sniper, And It is easy to get the points capable of ranking up in those Classes. I truly reccomend this game to ANYONE Who likes the 'Great War' Era."
76561198124858490,Recommended,242860,19739686,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Squirrel,"This is an amazing game, but I wish that they would come out with more and better updates..."
76561198168875890,Recommended,242860,23244307,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,gravling forte,*insert bandwagon comment about battle field 1 or infinite warfare*
76561198032942803,Recommended,242860,15604002,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,biddyearlyman,"THIS IS NOT COD, DON""T PICK THE MACHINE GUN ""CUZ IT SHOOTZ MUR BULLETS"". That being said, super addictive. Just wish there was an offline campaign, but I digress. Keep you head down and happy hunting."
,Recommended,242860,13247452,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,evacuate,Very fun ww1 shooter. Highly Recommend
76561198190463469,Recommended,242860,29070649,Posted: 6 January,all,Mr. Pink,I APPROVE VERY GOOD
76561198083035036,Recommended,242860,31359013,Posted: 25 April,all,jocktheripper,like ww1 but on the computer.wow!
76561198102297414,Recommended,242860,12367482,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,shatteredfriend7,"Amazing game. Even though this game is in Early Access this game is beyond one of the best Early Access games i ever played. The guns feel smooth, the game runs smooth(so far), and if you can get evenly matched teams the game is amazing. The only problem i would say with this game is that there isnt enough weapon varity but for the fact that this is WW1 i understand why this game doesnt have much varity. Overall this game is amazing and i would recommend it full heartly."
76561198053608427,Recommended,242860,18248310,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Insanewaffle,"Verdun is an excellent tactical FPS, that encourages teamwork and tactics. The shooting and combat are fairly good, though sometimes movement can be clunky and cumbersome, which definitely isn't a deal breaker, but it gets annoying after a few games. The devs are also very active, updating the game every week or so in some way.Overall I give Verdun an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,18255451,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Mr.Telecaster,"This is a promising WWI FPS game. Based on ruthless trench warfare of WWI. Game's main idea is attacking, capturing and defending trenches with a coordinated team game with 4 membered squads those have different weapons(including bombardments and scout planes) and unique power-ups.I suggest this game to all FPS and WWI lovers and we must realize there were not lots of WWI FPS games :)"
,Recommended,242860,17709186,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Cable Guy,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone, I picked Verdun up on with a mate and while I only play it once in a while, it's one of those games that never gets old. The only real issue I have with Verdun is the sever population, sometimes there are only two or three people on a whole server, but even then Verdun is still quite fun, however in saying that, when you are able to join a full server, the atmosphere is intense, gunshot flying everywhere, men dropping dead left and right.There is an fairly large selection of weapons, the maps are large enough not to feel like you're playing a call of duty paintball esk ripoff, but also small enough that you know that there could be an enemy just around the next bend, or a bullet with your name on it. I felt like I picked up how to play the game well pretty quickly (don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you should be alright).For the price you pay for it, Verdun is a great buy, even more so if you get it on sale. Pick it up, even if you only play it once in a blue moon, you're guaranteed a good time."
76561198198625671,Recommended,242860,17712378,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Alfredo Potato Gaming,"Best game I've ever played but is crashes for me because it's so big, man."
,Recommended,242860,18493821,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Frost,It's a World War 1 shooter and one of the only of it's kind. Pretty cool.
76561198141728073,Recommended,242860,18778675,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,nightmare756,This is truly a great game. Not for the faint-hearted. I rate it as a 9 out of 10.
76561198153676450,Recommended,242860,26560441,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,NPorten,Perfect ww1 game I recommend you buy it. Everything in the game yells WW1 even the fork on the ground in one of the maps (very small detail)
,Recommended,242860,23691210,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ardipach,"Yeah, a good ww1 game based on the verdun battle. I'ts a game you can play as an english soldier, german, american, belgium and frenchUnlike Battlefield1"
76561198126644621,Recommended,242860,23968955,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Donald J. Duck Trump,"I have played the game for a hour now and think this game is ok here are my reasons:1. Good graphics even at low level2. Good desgin3. Good weapon mechanics4. Good strategic abilitiesHere are the things I didnt like1. Bad servers, when ever I join it says there is a high ping"
76561198007306065,Recommended,242860,26559023,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[RIP] ubenice,"Very good first person shooter game, WW1 trench warfare, squad based."
,Recommended,242860,24393970,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Morgana,"Great World War 1 era game that actually does a great job making it historically accurate. Would Recommend if looking for a shooter that requires skill and isnt ""run and gun"". It can be tough at the beginning, but after you stick with it, it is a blast to play. Has an interesting mechanic with leveling up a squad, which is why you sort of need to play with friends but you can always hop in a random squad and jump right into the action. Leveling up your squad unlocks all sorts of new abilities for your team. and there are around 10 or so (cant remember) ""factions""/armies you can play as which have 4 different roles in each, so depending on you and your teams play style, you can pick which one is best for you. Leveling up your squad also gives you better uniforms which improve the game visually such as helmets instead of hats which i think is a nice touch. Sadly, each squad member holds a portion of the rank, so if one person isnt on your squad rank will be lowered, but will return back up once they join your squad again. Overall, a fun game to hop on when you're bored."
76561198058620298,Recommended,242860,26567548,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Saunders,REalistic WW1 experience
,Recommended,242860,23975594,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kata,"Without a doubt in my mind, this is one of the best WW shooters out there on the market. Verdun is a WW1 shooter based on the town of Verdun, with rifles being your main weapons. The game is incredibly realistic with realistic damage outputs and finite stamina. It looks beautiful, however if you have a laptop be warned, this does not support integrated graphics cards and thus will experience a significant FPS drop. Multiple options are also laid out such as Ultra Gore which will make your experience even more brutal and realisticPros-Realistic Gun play-Multiple Squad Types and Classes-Tactical, As In You Need To Be Smart-Amazing Graphics-Ultra Gore-Great Sound Effects-Historically Accurate(To An Extent)Cons-Might Not Be Welcoming To A Casual Gamer-If You Have No Friends To Play With, It's Harder-One Bad Squad Mate, Can Ruin A Whole Team-One Shot Is Usually All It Takes To Kill You"
76561198027038438,Recommended,242860,24351335,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,WarmasterBoreas,"This game is a true look at WWI. I played this game for a while now, and loved every second of it!Lots of veriaty in weapons too use as the varius squad types, france, british, german, begian, canadian and USA,I hope for this game to look into making the east fornt for more maps and countries to play Turks Austrian Serbs and many more. This a game you will love if u play games like Red Orcestra, because it has a system that rewards you for playing likea team! fun with friends and a good learing curf. Hopes this reaches you and the dev team for inprovement.See you in the trenches."
76561198160297227,Recommended,242860,24368292,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,der Frosch,Excellent realistic game.  As good as you can get for realistic shooter especially for the price.  Only problem would be is that it requires a hefty card to run it well on high resolution- for this game 40fps is minimum or you will die instantly.  Otherthan that an excellent game.
76561198253790738,Recommended,242860,25299635,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ccmarker,19/14 would recemend for getting shot
,Recommended,242860,25301705,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DiNK,Brutal Fun.
76561198036024582,Recommended,242860,14438241,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,MarcoPoloYoloBatmanJesusTempleRu,Verdun ♥♥♥♥ing around!
,Recommended,242860,11504347,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Steve,"I recommend this game for not more then 5 bucks, the concept is great, the idea is perfect!It has been a long while since they came up with a decent WO I game, well this could be it butits not finished yet and I cant wait to play the final version but for now its not worth > 10 bucks."
,Recommended,242860,19152231,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,sofa king,"the only game that rewards you for killing the same guy 7 time.dont forget that (4) is your friend, and also on a very serious note......dont forget to bring a towel."
,Recommended,242860,19166355,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,exponent4,Its very addicting and very fun
76561198094694086,Recommended,242860,19184329,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Krumpmaster69,My one peice of advice is to charge into combat wanting to die and you will be unharmed
,Recommended,242860,19176934,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Innovaro,"The combat in the game engrosses me in a way that I've never felt before - it's neither too fast paced nor too slow while providing a wonderful sense of scale and variety. Positioning, movement, cooperation, and being first to the trigger all come into play in Verdun, a game that switches between face to face warfare in the trenches to seige warfare - conducted with mad dashes, artillery, and the ever frustrating shots from enemy snipers (or your own). I could not reccomend this game more - it's incredibly fun to play and I can only imagine it becoming more so as time progresses."
76561198044783665,Recommended,242860,19203933,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,duanehoukom,"It is a good game to play with friends, if a little glitchy at times."
76561198061053111,Recommended,242860,19186422,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,theophilman,"Great game, but beware the power of the German MG"
76561198031485579,Recommended,242860,19152016,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,secoral,"One of the best FPS I ever played. Great game, fun maps and good graphics. A must if you like intense and immersive FPS and squad based action."
,Recommended,242860,24015968,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gandalf the Grey,"This is a great WW1 game, actual trench warfare and everyone isn't running around with SMGs like BF1. 10/10"
76561198058479837,Recommended,242860,13107760,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,{Ѧ}GameOpinions,"Here is my reviewFirst off I would like to mention that if do not like historic FPS games then this game isn't for you. For all the rest of us this is an excellent game. In my perception this is currently the best WWI FPS game. Please note, do not compare this with RO2 for two main reasons, first RO2 isn't in WWI timeline but in WWII, second RO2 has had more time to mature so it is a more polished tactical game at this point. WWI has been a time era that I have wanted to be able to play in with a modern FPS game, and now I can. :-)"
,Recommended,242860,13623287,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"If you enjoy playing Red Orchestra 2, you'd probably like this game. Its not as... 'realistic' I suppose but it has its own merits."
,Recommended,242860,10467947,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,"Spirit of Terror, Amko","Really ♥♥♥♥ing fun, really emphasizes team-play and objectives. Killing gets you nowhere if you aint with your squad and attacking the objective. It's really fun to fight tooth and nail so a bunch of trenches change hands over and over until one team manages to force its victory. Plus the gunplay is great, bolt actions are fun.8/10 needs chlorine gas shells."
76561198182937205,Recommended,242860,19075936,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TheSamsquamsh,"Okay caveat right off the bat- my friend bought be this game to play with him online so I am reviewing the game from the point of view of it being free to me. And what a game it is.Pros+Weapons are well balanced and each one has its strengths and weaknesses.+Mortars are awesome once you figure out how to use them.+Levels are great as is the 'Trench Warfare' gameplay mode.+Ranged engagements are perfect- further than COD/BF/any other generic FPS but not as far as say ArmA.Cons-Occasionally crashes.-Pretty brutal learning curve for a game that has no campaign.-You will die.-A lot.-A frusturating amount.-Some aimbot users.-Retreats = Getting shot in the back Simulator.Overall, I'm not sure if I would pay more than $20 for it, but I would definitely buy it on sale. Unique FPS that has a suprising amount of replay value for a one-mode online shooter. Oh yeah, theres also mustard gas. Its real fun having a desperate firefight or bayonet match in that stuff with a gas mask on."
,Recommended,242860,13731397,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Zero,Amazing WWI Experience.
,Recommended,242860,29802280,Posted: 9 February,all,The Seaman,The other players are not your enemy; it's the barbed wire that you have to watch out for.10/10 would get executed for deserting again.
,Recommended,242860,22641368,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,丂ultan קinhead,"Awesome Game. Great Graphics and sound, but we all know a game is only as good as the gameplay and this game has that. It's for history buffs or anyone looking for a solid multiplayer fps that requires teamwork and cooperation. One game that keeps me on P.C. Whether sale price or full, you won't overpay."
,Recommended,242860,25070231,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Dat Tesla,its a gut game
76561198163869280,Recommended,242860,29100533,Posted: 7 January,all,Horsey Horsington,Can’t tell if Enemy or Treestump
,Recommended,242860,32131733,Posted: 2 June,all,sʜʀᴇкτᴀcυʟᴀʀ,"This game is fun, and entertaining to play, I see myself sinking many hours into this game; don't pay attention to the bad reviews, they're pretty much just losers who sucked at the game, this game does have flaws, but they're flaws I can easily ingore."
76561198011000891,Recommended,242860,9603982,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,PRO SHOT,verdun is superb game. i fire mortar on enemy lines and kill many . the satisfaction of killing 20 people with 0 deaths is awesome. that also from a distance. you have to attack and defend lines. when you attack you have enter enemy line to capture it. when defending you have to stay in your trench line till defend orders are over. you can shower the enemy with mortar. or you can snipe them. you can throw grenades in trenches. the graphics are also better than red orchestra. the hills are so beautifully designed you love running on . i will recommend this to those who like ww1 games.
76561197993435080,Recommended,242860,32649766,Posted: 22 June,all,jonnyboy,"Do you want to die in the mud for a faceless ruler who will never know your name, in a cause that doesn't affect you? Do you want to pretend to do that?Verdun is a fantastic game. Realistic, WW1 FPS shooter which hasn't been done often (Get the ♥♥♥♥ outta here BF1, that's a Battlefield game, not a WW1 game).Squad based shooting, a variety of loadouts including machineguns, flamethrowers, gas attack and artillery strikes. Best to play this game with some friends to fill out a squad and really feel like you're back in time.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,242860,32411128,Posted: 14 June,all,fabi ϟϟ,noiCE
76561198043651155,Recommended,242860,25536182,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,sampson413,What about the Xbox one????? When will it release for Xbox one?
76561198043890482,Recommended,242860,20025392,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Van Hoogen,"Spawn in the trench next to my trusted platoon commander. Lift my head throught a hole in the trench line to see the ennemy. Can't distinguish anything between all that brown, grey and black. Die a second later from a headshot. It's pretty realistic19/14"
,Recommended,242860,17705905,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DrKillzown,Truly amazing game. Highly recommend it
76561198092318819,Recommended,242860,17732527,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Thomas the Dank Engine,"Pretty enjoyable game, killstreaks make you feel like a god, can sometimes be a bit frusrtating. Very fun overall and a good purchase."
,Recommended,242860,17717398,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,@Will Smith,"An overview of the game through what people say:""Bull♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;""What the ♥♥♥♥, i thought you were ♥♥♥♥ing dead""""I shot you three ♥♥♥♥ing times and you arent dead?????""""Why are there so many ♥♥♥♥ing morters?""""What button do you press to get the gas mask""""♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing gas""""♥♥♥♥ you barbed wire""""Why the ♥♥♥♥ is barbed wire right here""""Why is there so much barbed wire?""""Bull""&quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;"
76561198124626653,Recommended,242860,17957178,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Akul-man,Keep your head DOWN!!!
76561198066732808,Recommended,242860,17724722,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,A Feisty Furby,"Tactical, Immersive, action packed and fun. Great game"
76561198195966021,Recommended,242860,17945901,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,mbanta62,I like the game even though I have not played a lot of first person shooters.  It is a lot of fun but I would like to be able to have an instruction guide or even better some kind of simple strategy guide.  The Scenery is great and there are a lot of different battlefields to play on.  I like the theme of world war 1 due to not as much tech and so you don't have as many types of weapons to choose from and it makes the controls easier to use because I have to play with a mouse and keyboard and I can on this game just fine.  yes I would recommend it to my friends.
,Recommended,242860,19556935,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TheNorthernKing,"Diary Entry 1:  It's been a long time in the trenches seeing my friends die right before my eyes wait what is this OH♥♥♥♥♥♥IT'S ♥♥♥♥IN MUSTARD GAS AHJAQSHSAJHFBSKA:hfd L,-  -Rip SGT Buttercup AssEater.  random year - between ww1RealisticRifles Baynets Pistols Machine Guns Gas Knives Clubs and more.Mustard GasChlorine GasSome Next Phy somthing GasGas MASKA lot of rifles with attachments like Scope and BaynetsBinolocurs which is usefullA Hnadfull of fun2/10  Too much trenches - IGN2/10  you have to shoot a gun a lot- IGN7.5/10  It's in world war 1 to much - IGNI personally rate it a8.5/10  which gets my  IT WILL CONSUME YOUR SOUL AND LIFE MAKING YOU A LONER. Seal of aprovallVERDUN WITH THIS REVIEW (pun)"
,Recommended,242860,19378591,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sam Houston,"While I'm not qualified to say that it is the end-all of shooters - as everyone has different opinions when it comes to gameplay - I am, however, confident in saying that M2H and Blackmill Games have created an excellent World War I FPS that brings to life one of the world's greatest historical narratives.As a side note, Verdun is the epitome of a successful early access game. Even after launch the developers continue to provide consistent updates and are quick to squash any game-breaking bugs. If you haven't purchased the game yet, I wouldhighlysuggest doing so."
76561198173065749,Recommended,242860,19797796,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,EPICPIZZA,Get killed instantly when spawned
,Recommended,242860,20025058,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Untamed Caviar,"Along with my squad, I run across no man's land, with whizzing bullets smacking the earth and whizzing past my ear. The closer we get, the more of us die, until only the NCO and I are left. In my terrified herky-jerky movements, I get caught on barbed wire. I struggle for dear life to untangle myself, careful not to expose myself to the enemy. Just as I'm freed from the damnable wire, the French call in artillery, which lands about my position. Terrified, I sprint the final stretch, and slide into their trench, where I rapidly put down three of the enemy, before being stabbed from behind.10/10. Would fight for Kaiser Wilhelm II again."
76561198247023674,Recommended,242860,20025275,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,✪ StoneR,Amazing Game
76561198008458656,Recommended,242860,20039462,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Moon Man,"Fun little game. Still needs a bit of polish, such as hit boxes on clutter (trees, rocks etc) and there seems to be an occasional FPS drop when aiming but nevertheless a good game. I love the menu with the contemporary music as well, nice touch."
76561198017378812,Recommended,242860,20095816,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lion The Great,it's damk. get it
,Recommended,242860,20133233,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Zangston,That feeling when you don't know if you're shooting a player or a log.
76561198072597654,Recommended,242860,20284682,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zonkosticator,Great game....... all you need to know
,Recommended,242860,18496385,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ima fokkin dingodile mate,I hate this game when:I get shot by someone as soon as I peek over my trenchThere is someone flanking my squad and we all dieSomeone bombs my team and gleefully watches in the distance as we run out like ants when you pour water on their anthillI love this game when:I am that someonenah but fr tho this game is sick
76561198024666159,Recommended,242860,19376676,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,huggybearmoforomeo,"You will die often. So play as if you were there in 1916. Pay attention to your bros around you, keep an eye on the treeline, etc. If you like Red Orchastra, this is something in the same field. Sometimes the game feels a little clunky, not sure if it was meant to be more realisitic or just unpolished."
,Recommended,242860,19867003,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,VectorScope,"An interesting take on FPS, with WWI elements. The idea of trench warfare has been applied very well in the game, and you truly feel the fear of death while fighting.Recommended!"
,Recommended,242860,19904553,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Valekai,Very fun and realistic FPS.
76561197971355942,Recommended,242860,19911688,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SAMIDGE,amazing
,Recommended,242860,19951550,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Palästinalied on repeat,"First match:>How do squads work?>Oh god, it made me an officer, what do I do?>I can't tell the uniforms apart...>Wow, I shot someoneSecond match:>Good, I've got a rifle>Follow my officer>My officer keeps dying every few minutes>I step up and avenge his death each time>We win the match>I'm the number 1 playerThird match:>I die over and over>I get a lucky shot or two>I cower behind a parapet, bullets barely scrape the top of my head, killing meThis game is badass."
,Recommended,242860,19973056,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Terrrifyingnorth,"This game is a decent WW1 shooter, They claim to be ultra-realistic and to an extent thats true, i am disapointed with how many people their servers can handle, they say they want to capture WW1 realism but just throwing a gas mask in doesnt cut it, the most devastating yet the biggest characteristic as to why armies won in the time period was size, i cant seem to get out of my trench in this game due to the low population servers, its a simple as grab a rifle and camp until its a draw or someone wins, i feel this happens because of the big, beautifully designed trench maps contain to much space for a simple 16v16, i feel if the server population was raised to something like 30v30 i may not get ""pwned"" just for peeking my head out! Some great things about this game Weapons and Sounds, Beautiful maps, the hyper-realistic gassing feature and the music! FYI please add the Ottomans and Russians!!!"
76561198039467339,Recommended,242860,20024681,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,KrazieYoo,Really fun game!
76561198117266785,Recommended,242860,20041955,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,wheelbarrow61,"this game pays every attention towards realism, it shows every aspect of trench running, it probably isnt worth the price, though. Other then that, i completely recommend this game to all wishing to die a most painfull death."
,Recommended,242860,20095437,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,░░▒▓ Jae ▓▒░░,"Sometimes you'll do really bad in games. Sometimes you'll do really good. Sometimes you'll encounter hackers. Although the servers aren't *very* full all the time, you can usually find at least one full match of any gamemode. You'll die alot, even once you get used to the game. I feel like the game pretty accurately depicts war as in WW1. No matter what game mode, it'll generally take one bullet to put down an enemy. If they don't go down when you shoot them the first time, they'll probably bleed out. You pretty much have to use tactics or you will die. Camping is a necessity, but just don't stay in one or two spots without moving the entire game; so no more running into the middle of a gunfight and coming out fine (cough cough, call of duty).The game has an interesting rank system, you gain XP from getting score in matches, and everytime you rank up you get like 1 or 2 tokens which you can use to buy rifles, sidearms, and attachments.The game does have a few quirks, like body launches and weird hitboxes/hit detection, but overall a great experience.In fact I'd venture to say it is one of the best if not the best multiplayer FPS experiences.The only bad thing I could find about the game is hackers seem to be somewhat easy to encounter, but this could just be because not many people are online at once.I'll give it an 8/10.(-1 point for quirkiness, -1 for hacker encounters/insufficient anti-cheat)Oh and try not to be to quick to judge for hacks, most of the time they will just get the jump on you, the only reason i say the hackers are frequent is because i encountered two in a row on two different servers. Maybe your experiences are different. Feel free to leave feedback and let me know if i missed anything in my review."
76561198090885285,Recommended,242860,20100912,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Narcollous,"Charge! machine gunned downhide in trench: blown to smithereenscreep over parapet: snipedawesome game, really incredible level of historical accuracy down to the sights on the guns, sounds, uniforms etc.one bullet takes down a man and wow, you've never appreciated an MG as much as you do when youve been skirmishing with the 'lebel'. 3 rounds in a magazine and you cant reload untill you've emptied the entire clip, thats some 19th century tech for ya."
76561198147782456,Recommended,242860,20101422,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,stevicus634,"Verdun is one of the funnest first person shooter games I have ever played. I just got it last week but I am already sucked into playing it, got the 4 pack so I can get my friends to join me Xd. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a different first person shooter compared to the many that are already out on the market, lets make more people aware of this game !!!!!!! :)"
76561198091955458,Recommended,242860,20171785,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Parzival,Fantastic gameWell worth the price
76561198020995470,Recommended,242860,20262507,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,"KenT""Benito""JesuS",I hate This Game so much but i still enjoy it. it would be nicer with a rankiing system so u dont get pwned by pros all the time!! i recommend it but not to players with extreme rage.
,Recommended,242860,20285975,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mumbling_Abomination,"Played football, got in a snow ball fight, Sung carols until someone threw a snowball at me, They wont be throwing anything anytime soon.....Good game by the way, The enviroments are gorgous and the graphics are amazing."
,Recommended,242860,18303074,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,THE HOUND,"A brilliant game that successfully immitates WWI trench warfare by allowing people to hip fire 130 lb heavy machine guns with the recoil of a BB gun. Truly, a historic masterpiece. I recommend it!"
76561198136322002,Recommended,242860,18783583,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,KillSwitch,"Don't poke your head above the trench for a millisecond.Very refreshing! No power-ups, jetpacks, thermal scopes, radar or heartbeat sensors. Just you and your gun in a trench, and teamwork. Back when men were men and not camping Sallys hiding behind claymores.9/10"
,Recommended,242860,18801443,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mathsw,"Compared to most modern FPS games, Verdun stands out. At first, it can be somewhat difficult to get into. The rifles takes some practive to learn, where to aim and how to position yourself to avoid being shot. There is a set of rifles that can be unlocked, as well as secondary equipment, etc.The developers have made the maps very realistic, adding details in the trenches and on the battlefields."
,Recommended,242860,19377713,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rurouniko,Picked Grenadier class. Class was literally 3 grenades and a shovel. Killed 8 people with a shovel under the cover of gas.10/10 would shovel again
76561198034155498,Recommended,242860,19380089,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,formlessform,"Although imperfect and still finding its feet, Verdun is perhaps one of the most original first-person multiplayer shooters ever made in that it is an immersive and believable rendition of the excitement, fear and horror of the First World War trenches. Incredibly, this monumental armed conflict, which can still even now be termed as a reasonably recent and modern war, has rarely ever been tackled as a first-person shooter.Perhaps the reason is due to the challenges developers have faced in creating a level playing-field for the attacker considering the fact that in the actual war itself, for most of the time, the defender usually had the upper hand. In addition, trenches themselves are linear creations ,yet a good designer needs to incorporate that linearity in an exciting manner to entertain the player while also attempting to stay faithful to the conflict itself.These challenges have been marvellously met in this game and it can be extremely exciting.The maps themselves are absolutely incredible in their depiction of trench-systems covered with barbed-wire surrounding a frightening no-man's land pockmarked with shell-holes. Teams play in squads where communication is important. The thrill of actually making it into an enemy trench is marvellous, and the occasional hand-to-hand fighting especially so.I have the highest admiration and respect for the game designers for doing an excellent (though of course not yet perfect) job, especially due to the fact that they have got to grips with depicting a war which FPS computer games have until now rarely had the courage or the imagination to tackle.This is an absolutely great game and one of the best I have ever played in my almost 18 years as a gamer."
,Recommended,242860,19790336,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,[NWA] Cheddar,being overshown by BF1 small playerbase but really fun
,Recommended,242860,19951611,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lybonic,this game is great! i would definately recomend it!
76561198026253363,Recommended,242860,20099523,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bruno,"Great game.  Looks pretty good, gritty gameplay.  Very historically accurate in terms of the weaponry and fighting.  I'd give it an 8/10 if the servers were good, but almost everyone gets 100+ ping on average."
76561198028048647,Recommended,242860,20102034,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Corvo,>First time playing>Got out of the trench>Got shot>Died>My body fell in a strange position11/10 Would die again
,Recommended,242860,20133591,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nodnarb,amazing ww1 experience! you should definitely get this if you are fascinated by ww1 and trench warfare
76561198157877929,Recommended,242860,20166349,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ODIES-COMMANDO,"A VERY GOOD GAME. I personally think this is a game that everyone should have, it should be as common as people haveing Garry's Mod. It's super fun and gameplay works really smoothly like mechanics and how player play amongst each other. GET THIS GAME 20/10 for me."
,Recommended,242860,20181147,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JsunLG,"1st thought, Yeh i like this.  It is worth getting if you:1. Like World War 1 themed games.2. Like to be killed a lot.But seriously, it does seperate the men from the boys."
76561198071386843,Recommended,242860,19872273,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,isaacarlindoalves,I think that Verdon is a great game because is unique ww1 era the guns fell very good each one fells very diferent the maps are good and big so you flank enemies and all that the enviroment is very deteld.PS For new players i sujest to go prone when atack or go to cover to cover very quickly if you you stay still you will die a lot.
,Recommended,242860,20099019,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,LordOfChickenWings,Verry good game and FINALLY i can play as a belgian as a belgian in a game!!! Hell Yeah i♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants of exitement!!!!! and the weapons rock i feel like im actually in a trench!!!
76561197989000009,Recommended,242860,18072271,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,UK Mikeyboy,"I like to tell a story about Bob. Bob was a man that was the dandy man for the trenches, pistol in one hand and a grenade in the other. Going on ahead Bob would pathe the way for his buddies 'n' chaps as he tossed nade to and fro, killing all that were before him as his NCO spammed the enemy trench in arty from the comfort of his spawn trench. Bob looks around, no enemies in sight and the trench was ripe in the picking. Bob tells his comrades that the trench is ready to take, but to no avail. Bob gets arty'd by chance. Bob respawns and finds all 15 other members of his team in their trench, sitting there with machineguns, rifles, muskets and all sorts of bare necessities. Bob asks, ""Why did you chaps not help? I had the whole trench ready for you!"" Where his NCO replies ""lol noob"" and proceeds to fire at the enemy trench. Bob and all his other chaps lost their trench five minutes later when the enemy counter-attacked.- Verdun, 2015This has been my experience but quite rare in fact as you do have a good number of players ready to jump up and over no-man's land to take on the enemy and just as well get slaughtered. There are no penalties for getting killed in this game so repeatedly getting killed over and over is no big deal.Overall the game looks nice, the terrain is rugged and muddy and you can tell when an area was lit up by artillery for weeks or months on end until the ground was nothing but pure mush and mangled in barbed wire. Some of the terrain can be rather weird such as the trees where upon approach the further you look up the taller they get and vice versa.The guns do have a very pathetic kick in their guns but the whizzbang, pop and snap of enemy fire around you makes you easily forget about it. The gun upgrades aren't so much as upgrades in the career mode, they're just a different assortment of guns for each class so in the case of the Tommy Machinegunner:1. Rifle and pistol2. Machinegun and pistol3. Machinegun and rifleThankfully the game has no VOIP at the moment otherwise we'd probably hear screaming all over the comms towards other players. I've not discovered the in-squad chat yet but I don't think I'd want to as we're all busy enough trying to kill, bomb and bash the enemy. Although it's evident where your teammates are with the handy zoom-in feature with your map and the massive circle the NCO runs around in where upon entry you gain buffs (although very minor ones) but also gives you extra points to remain at the top of the leaderboards.If you're ready for grey hairs but huge amounts of fun I would suggest buying this game on sale and getting it with a few friends so you can all suffer in the trenches together."
,Recommended,242860,19518228,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,★Spoder Man★™,This if a fun Game to play. i like to play a lot. :)
,Recommended,242860,20093529,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Azantys Valerii,"One thing good about this game:We, germans are so OP on the technology that we developed lag bombs that make us be able to go at the british trenches, sneek by their guards, steal their tea and then come back.We are using this tatic to make their loose their morale and eventually surrender by the lack of tea.We are actually developing an weapon against the french, but it won't take much time till we finnally develop the ultimate kaiser's fart shell that is going to bring us the final victory!URAH!"
76561198055452136,Recommended,242860,26105498,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Tallamy,"After seeing Battlefield 1's gameplay and horribly inaccurate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I've come to greatly appreciate this game and what it's done.  As I write this, I am re-installing this game so that I can appreciate WW1 the correct way.I would recommend this game because it's the only WW1 game worth a ♥♥♥♥ and every minute played is a blow dealt to the fanboys in Battlefield 1.8/10, only because I think the maps in this game should be twice as large and the trenches just a bit farther apart, but I could be wrong."
,Recommended,242860,22114498,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SOCK B-day Oct 12th,"THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER.If you thought trench warfare sounded/looked really interesting, you will probably enjoy this. This is like the only trench warfare game I could find, and it's  super satisfying, many of the maps are super detailed, there is no man's land and trenches that look exactly like the pictures of the real war. It's also great to finally have a FPS on WW1, when WW2 get's covered way too much. Please get this game, the community is plenty, but I think we need more, this game seems underrated in my eyes and it's truly unique. 10/10 Developers are also really cool."
,Recommended,242860,16509493,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,winning,Om du gillar att ligga i ett dike och skjuta folk som springer som höns kommer du älska detta spel!
76561198022229101,Recommended,242860,16635282,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,xMcClanE93x,"Its a WW1 FPS, that alone should be enough...the sound effects leave a lot to be desired, but besides this its a really immersive FPS shooter experience thats does well to re-create trench warfare."
76561198039476246,Recommended,242860,25230172,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Cullenjackrat,Luger? I hardly know her!
,Recommended,242860,17130282,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,redindianman13,"This is the best WW1 shooter i've ever played. It's like Red Orchestra 2 but with a WW1 theme. If you're a fan of a more realistic feeling shooter than this is the game for you. I'll tell you right now though, if you think you're going to go into this game and destroy everyone else all on your own then you have another thing coming. This game truly takes team work. If you don't have team work then you'll be the one getting gassed and bayoneted in your trench, so work as a team and you'll do just fine."
76561198095978740,Recommended,242860,33448298,Posted: 10 July,all,Bloody Semen,Historicaly accurate
76561198060852198,Recommended,242860,22932223,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,BLOB ROSS,The barbwire is the real MVP of this game.
,Recommended,242860,31187527,Posted: 16 April,all,Jacket,Accurate presentation of WW1Fun with friends1 shot 1 killFear for you're life9/10
,Recommended,242860,8641948,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Thulhu,Actually a lot better than it sounds. And it sounds cool as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198253189350,Recommended,242860,24906767,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jonny_apocalypse,best shooter iv played in years! really wish it had controller support for pc though. just like all the docs and films on verdun! 4/5 *'s
76561198112197057,Recommended,242860,8955602,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,KillerPanda3,This game is awsome and amazing!
,Recommended,242860,8889991,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Squid,Do you hate barbed wire? You will after playing this game.
76561198091322380,Recommended,242860,7997476,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,XPS,Verdun is an all around unique WW 1 FPS..that makes you feel the Immersion of the bloody battles that took place in the trenchs during WW 1.-has gameplay simular to RO2-just take in mind it's still in beta state tell (FEB 2014)
,Recommended,242860,8957793,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dr. Jekyll,"Kill someone in one hit, get shot in the head. Kill 3 people in one hit, get shot in the head. Rinse. Repeat. Enjoy."
,Recommended,242860,9167116,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Rinx^^,Cool K
,Recommended,242860,8358296,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,cet,♥♥♥♥♥♥ french rifle simulator
76561198057580910,Recommended,242860,8734863,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Der Führer,"This is with out a doubt the best ww1 first person shooters i've ever played, you can tell the team did alot of research. score of 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,8905445,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,ManWithPlan15,"Great game, it's the first WWI first person shooter I have ever seen, and it doesn't dissappoint. It has two game modes trench warfre, and rifle deathmatch. It is very squad oriented, so if you like those kinds of games, this one is for you."
,Recommended,242860,9838695,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Asuka★Shooter™,Keep calm and remove baguette.
76561197994101386,Recommended,242860,15663281,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Blutongue,10/10
76561197983160408,Recommended,242860,21434926,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Rutleif Breistein,The most okayest game.
,Recommended,242860,16483825,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CodeEpsilon,"A game where camping is pretty much the best strategy you have. Verdun is a World War I first person shooter that takes you back to the trenches in a time where old tactics were used for modern warfare. The game itself is easy enough to understand, you have two sides. The allies and the axis, each side has it's own squad types and each squad type has it's own unique abilites and classes minus the allies. Which have two of the same squad type. One for the French and one for the English.If you're expecting intense action and constant battle, you may find it here. The game basically has two modes the frontlines and straight up deathmatch. I've never played deathmatch but it's basically a free for all mode. Frontlines is the main event and probably the reason to play the game in my opinion. Each map has a set amount of trenches for each team and you're suppose to either defend them or attack them. The game doesn't force you to go take the trenches but you'll make the game come to a draw if no one makes any headway.No mans land is the worst part for any attacking team. Snipers, machine gunners, and pretty much anyone with a weapon and the brain to shoot it will do so. I'm not gonna lie, you will die... a lot. While you don't see it a bunch in the game, team work is key. Stay with your NCO or squad leader and try not to get him killed. In the worst case scenario, you take a bullet to the dome and you spawn on your NCO if he wasn't an idiot and got himself killed. Move from cover to cover and never stick your head out for too long.Overall, it's a great game. It promotes playing the objective and rewards players that work as a team. Combat is fast paced but can be slow. The graphics and visuals are really well done and the game has a minimalistic hud. Getting it on sale is a steal as well.tl;drFun game, PTFO,death simulator 2015, guns n'♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy it."
,Recommended,242860,16656286,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Schmeckle Goblin,Really good squad-based co-op FPS.
,Recommended,242860,14073778,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ideho,"¨Gott mit uns!Couldn't take the french lines for the whole round. I called in gas on them, none of them put on their gas masks. Needless to say, we won the round."
76561198131463564,Recommended,242860,24642906,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,III Chapel Master,Git Gud.
,Recommended,242860,25220745,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ckap =],"there's no eastern front, so i can't pretend i'm max von oppenheimmy 1889 rifle doesnt shoot exactly dead center at 400 yardsmy nco's constantly call mortar strikes directly on top of memy gas mask looks like a sink drain filterwwi was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wasn't it"
76561198008143128,Recommended,242860,26277908,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Red Hand,"Got interested through a friend, never regretted this purchase"
76561198028352234,Recommended,242860,19888890,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,I am the Liquor,"Buggy and laggy, but yet that doesn't define my experience. What does is the charges over no mans land with your squad, heavy trench fighting as grenades explode around you, and a cloud of poisonous gas rolls through the trench killing the ones fool hardy enough to not put on a gas mask. Over all this game is great fun, and gives a great image of what WW1 combat may have looked like. I 100% recommend this game for any history fans or WW1 fans, or shooter fans."
,Recommended,242860,19531640,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Ya Boi Jerry,"*plays as Germany*hears Brit""Cover me I'm reloading""*turns corner*sure enough he's reloading*stabs with bayonet8/8 Would eavesdrop on Brits again"
76561198055428774,Recommended,242860,26137057,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Nibbles,"I'd reccomend this game but hesitantly. It seems to be bugged, badly, as of late. Older versions were very fun, enjoyable and exciting, not to say that isnt still the case but it seems that my enjoyment was mixed with a lot of bugs and issues. Dropping mid game, crashing to desktop, etc. Buy it and play for half an hour and if your issues persist, get a refund and.. I dunno.. go play Valiant Hearts."
76561198008847707,Recommended,242860,10333768,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Potpukovnik,"10/10. Best decision I have ever made cuz I just love WW1 :DA Short Field Report: (Central Powers defending the sector in Aisne)...I was deployed in a squad of 4 and was delivered an old 1880 Komission Gewehr... Our squad was ordered to hold the right side of our trench. The Belgians have already started their assault on our positions by first crossing a road and then advancing over an open field. As I jumped into a crater to set up my defensive position a young Belgian soldier bumped right into me... First, I was so scared...How the hell did he manage to reach our lines already???Without too much thinking, I fired my rifle.. The bullet hit him in the neck and he started to bleed heavily... He fell on the ground while grabbing his neck with both hands in agony in order to prevent the blood to drain from his wound...He was screaming in fear... His voices... I was just standing beside him and couldnt do a thing...""What have I done!?""... His voices started fading away... I knew in my head that I have to pull myself together and return to my duty...so I left him rott there in that crater...I decided to move up to look over the edge of the crater to see how the assault was nearing to an end...I turned to the left and saw one of the Landsers deploying his MG on a sandbag while a whole squad of Belgians was advancing on him... He managed to reload his gun in time and opened fire on them...The bullets whizzled through the air and penetrated the skin  and bones of the advancing soldiers...It all happened in a matter of seconds...They were massacred..in an open field with no cover at all..but thats how this Great War was like...Helmut 28.7.1917 - Aisne sector"
,Recommended,242860,25236892,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SquirrelGnut,"Probably the BEST team based FPS on the market. Impossible for a single player, or squad in most cases, to hold a point/sector. Super accurate historically, very beautiful graphics on high settings, GREAT community. I could go on and on, but just buy it. It is worth every penny even at full price. 11/10Could use updates/tweaking to player movement, but other than that a AAA game that from an idie company.-Edit-For peeps who have a hard time in PVP campaign, I suggest spending a few hours in the co-op to level yourself up so that you can use your points to get better weapons/kits. Also, don't use a controller, thats just dumb. Play the game the way it was intended...with a mouse and keyboard. Game is a bit heavy on the CPU side, so I suggest an i5 or better. I run i7 with 1060 GPU and graphics are amazing at about 140 fps. So much detail put into weapons and maps. That is all. :D"
76561198079166300,Recommended,242860,16130465,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,St3phan_Padd0ck420_911,"This is a Brilliant game, if you like Trench Warfare, CQB, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Your Pants every 5 Seconds Because of Gas and Artillary"
,Recommended,242860,16271267,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ctcarney30,crawling through the trenches i see my comrade poke his head out for a glance at the enemy lines only to get his head blown off...this game is PTSD incarnate you will never poke your headout from a ditch again in your life in fear of enemy snipers but beyond that its a beautiful game and full of fun and rage inducing gameplay also i suggest people to play with friends because the squad lvling system gives great benefits that could mean the difference between winning or losing so grab your friends and prepare to get your head shot off10/10 best WW1 game ever
,Recommended,242860,16423908,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Shamefurr Dispray,Blackadder Goes Forth: PC Edition
76561198209958955,Not Recommended,242860,32126211,Posted: 2 June,all,xThief16,"at the first point i thought that this game would be AWESOME and it is totally worth to buy on the current -70% sale. i was wrong it doesnt even have vehicles gameplay is awful. scopes mostly. also gas mask is awful to to see♥♥♥♥♥♥ i never thought i would say this and im sorry but heroes and generals is better, like ALOT better 7$ waste"
76561198091735611,Not Recommended,242860,32126383,Posted: 2 June,all,Via,"Worst game in terms of optimization I have ever played. First of all, the layout and the commands are unintuitive, it took me a while to get the hang out it. Second of all, which is probably the worst of all, matches are unbalanced, full of hackers who can just shoot you thru trenches with NO CONSEQUESCE, since there are no f*****g admins or any type of report systems. On top of all those negatives, the game is optimized like♥♥♥♥♥♥ bought the 4 pack to play with my friends, cant play with my friends because when I try to make the squad the game starts automatically and blocks them from joining my game. Really bad game, not worth even 5$. Save yourself time, money and frustration and buy BF1."
76561198138271859,Recommended,242860,26275915,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,hawaiianairborne,Amazingly realistic
76561198097845405,Recommended,242860,8184709,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,AChunkyGigolo,"By far the best first person shooter I have ever played, you actualy have to be tactical, you can't just run out in the open because you WILL be picked off by a sniper or some guy with a machine gun. For the most part it is a one shot kill game too which is realistic, most people cant keep fighting after getting shot. I suggest you buy this game, you wont regret it."
76561198020360979,Recommended,242860,8190402,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,xBlazeMasterKushx U know what up,"Verdun is really refreshing because of it's WW1 setting. It has a great atmosphere and really gives off the sense of what the trenches are like with a few minor issues. Most of the guns are all bolt action rifles which is again, refereshing and unique from most other FPSs out right now. I just think the devs need it to feel a bit more chaotic and sort of give off more of a sense of battle, and action happening everywhere. A few things I think would add to that is: Officers yelling off commands, yelling in general (being shot/stabbed in non-immediate shock inducing areas), and maybe even some gore added in to make each death seem more brutal then just the weird ragdoll floppy animation thing. It is very similar to Red Orchestra/Rising Storm so if you enjoyed either of those games you will definitely enjoy this game. It's still in beta (obiously, why it's in early access) so things are always being added and it just keeps getting better.TL;DR It's like Red Orchestra and Rising Storm. It's unique and just needs a bit of additions to make it a really great game."
76561198028202811,Recommended,242860,8178412,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Chromatose,"This game, as it stands, still has a way to go.As-is Verdun is a playable, somewhat enjoyable, WWI shooter. For the vast majority of players I suspect the meat-grinder gameplay may be a turn off, however.The maps are spacious and open, providing plenty of long distance shot opportunities for riflemen, which rule the day in the game right now. Your machine gunners and NCOs add some variety but the classes with the powerful bolt action rifles do most of the damage. Machine guns must be deployed and taken down, which gives the riflemen plenty of time to line up a shot and take them down. This is realistic and not necessarily a complaint but it does tend to limit the usefulness of your MG classes.Matches involve a lot of keeping your head down and waiting for targets to peek out from cover. You may occasionally push up and take an objective but it is a slow push, the defenders have all the advantages which is in line with the trench-war setting. Go into Verdun expecting a somewhat sloggy, mostly realistic shooter.Assuming you aren't a twitch gamer and don't get frustrated with repeated deaths you can have a lot of fun with this game. There are glitches here and there, your character models tend to hang up on things from time to time, and barbed wire is the deadliest substance known to man in this game but as long as you take it all with a grain of salt there is plenty of enjoyment to be squeezed out of Verdun right now. Here's to hoping the game only gets better."
,Recommended,242860,28529519,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ante,"Okay I've put over 10 hours into this game now.Pro and cons for me:+graphics+sound+terrain & map design+squad/team rolls+performance+all the different ww1 weapons((You hear the whistle blow and you know it's time to move up from the trench, your heart starts to pump knowing you will most likely die but hell you survive and move into a crater for protection, it gets intense as FK when you getting artillery around you so the screen starts shaking and enemies shooting at your location, friends who gurgles on their own blood after a shot in the throat, you hear gas infront of you and see a green cloud approach you, time to put on that gas mask and keep on fighting, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥epic!))- walking/running (the running feels too stiff imo, but that's about it, just fix the running feeling/animations so it doesn't feel like counter-strike 1.6 when moving)((there's a solid player base and you'll always find a full game here on the EU servers))9/10  Because of the walk/running feeling, But Hey! I'm not a professional reviewer but this is how I see it! :)"
,Not Recommended,242860,30483154,Posted: 12 March,all,Not Palpatine,"I don't know how this game became a meme, but it isn't very entertaining. The balance is mostly broken, cheaters are everywhere, and it's just a bland game."
76561198014986383,Recommended,242860,15618082,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Super America,Great fun.  Best and Only ww1 game out there.
,Recommended,242860,28008909,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Udp,"Just thought id write a review, Ive been playing a lot of BF1, but knew I had to make an honorable mention of this game for the upcoming steam awards. This game has been through many changes since its trial in those Kongregate web based days, then it became available on steam and after a couple updates it had a gameplay style that was crude yet fun, with what few weapons were in the game it became a somewhat closer quarters-type combat game(with snipers of course) and strangely enough kind of balanced itself out and was quite fun for a time.. then it seemed to have some engine/update problems.. then it moved on to the ""farther distance bolt-action battles and that crappy freeze-before-you-encounter-an-enemy"" bug/gpu error.. and after the last few updates, things seem to be looking very much on the up and up!"
,Recommended,242860,19702710,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Lil Trump,"I absolutely love this game. It can be a little difficult at first, but once you get a hang of the teamwork aspect of the game(Which is to say, the vast majority of it) it becomes very fun and it gets much easier. Alot of people who play the game don't want to listen to other people, but if you work together, you can EASILY dominate the game. Besides the amazing gameplay, the game also looks good, and is historically accurate. While it can't exactly replicate battlefields, this is understandable. Some people might complain about the Auto-Balance system, or lack thereof. The game does place limits on the overpowered team, but it really doesn't hinder them much in the long run. I would not like a Auto-Balance system that changes your team however, I feel this would ruin the kind of teamwork you so desperately need in this game. All in all, if you like First Person Shooters, or just like WW1 history, this game is for you."
,Recommended,242860,14132634,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,76561198051828799,"#(1)W.W.I Excellant worth every Penny once thr Fix all the ""Bugs"" Good Work Gerat Job! Thank You [RGN]VYpYR;LSSAHHQ."
,Recommended,242860,22690946,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,col.sanders |chicken|,"i got this game because i liked the consept but was sad there were no amaricans, now there are amaricans and my beloved m1911 pistol, i will never rank up my seargent.also if you get this game mess with the brightness and make it easyer for you to see :)"
76561198264318275,Not Recommended,242860,19713916,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MyNameIsColt,Another game of steam full of aimbots and speedhacks (even life hacks). Got robbed again buying a game of steam (wave took me with the good reviews and the theme of the game).
76561198080383226,Not Recommended,242860,19269914,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,graemeallen,"Really wish I had never bought this game, only Multiplayer not single - Spawn time can be up tp 30 seconds each kill - People hogging the machine guns and not playing for the whole game ( not Admin to complain too) This should be a great game but its not sadly."
76561198065599885,Not Recommended,242860,19689415,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Peter A. Romanov,"First off, I would like to say that I was one of the first players of this game. I began playing it when you had to go to the devs website to launch it and back then, it was a great game. However, I think this game suffered from Runescape syndrome where every update they implemented, the game just got more complex and as a result, dull. I love WWI and when I heard about this game, I was psyched for it because there's basically no WWI-FPS's out there.Pros:-WWI shooter, original.-Gas warfare-Multiple factions with different types of infantry for each faction-Great for cheaper systems-Love the historical accuracy and facts displayed during loading screens as opposed to repititive ""Tricks and Tips"" other games displayCons:-Too few players-Most guns ♥♥♥♥ing suck and are painful to use-Maps are terribly designed-Squad levelling up system is a great idea, but only feasible with friends but since no one play this, it's unlikely your friends will have the game-Sprinting system is awkward-Glitches that ruin gameplay-Animations are just painful to watch-They got rid of ""It's a Long Way to Tipperary"" from the start up menu-Too painful to aim, seriously it feels like I have arthritis after playing this game for one hour-Extremely frustrating to play. DO NOT PLAY IF YOU HAVE A TEMPER, YOU'LL SMASH YOUR COMPUTER 20 MINS IN5/10, needs more content and pretty much improvements on everything. Buy it during a Holiday or Seasonal sale, 23.00 is steep for the game in its current state."
,Recommended,242860,16473559,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Old Gregg,"Verdun is a very tough but fun ww1 Multi Player shooter, it has a nice selection of historical maps from the Verdun Front line that are both horrifying to fight in and beautiful to look at. The game play is solid, and there is serious feeling behind the weapons, getting a kill is very satisfying in this game, managing to nail a few enemy soldiers in a row with a rifle makes you feel like a god! The atmosphere is fantastic and i think its captured the feeling of ww1 very nicely.It took me a while to get used to the different loadouts for different squads, but i got used to them in the end, and there is a nice variation of weaponry for said classes depending on your squad, which means you are not using the same old rifle match after match.Ive seen a handful of minor animation glitches and the learning curve is hard, you will die a lot, especially in your first few games, but you will get better and be patient, very patient. Only real issue i have is with the machine guns which need fixed as i dont know how many times ive seen enemy soldiers charge down a trench firing frop the hip and kill 6 or 7 soldiers in a row with seemingly no recoil, and yet if you try and shoot back whilst near them the suppression effect on your aim is ridiculously extreme and makes it near impossible to kill them.In short, a very well done game that is quite fun to play, has a few small glitches and bugs (only experienced two game drops, one unexplained the other because my internet cut off) little lag in matches and overall just very fun to play. The weapons and attention to detail in the environments and uniforms is spectacular, and boy is it tense to battle in the midst of a gas cloud.edit: only got a few hours in so if i change my thoughts on something or want to add more ill just come back to it."
,Recommended,242860,16345075,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Clam-O,"u cen shute nazi in lag n hev faun 2,buy dis gem ;)"
,Recommended,242860,16002328,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Armfelt,"Nice indie game. Some maps work better than others. Wish I could play with and against people who understand teamplay :) Will re-buy if they can get 64 players or more, private servers, and some competetive maps without any brushwork (everyone running on low detail for max visibility anyway)"
,Recommended,242860,13604340,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,insomniac,"God, I love this game. I showed it to my friend and he said this; Other games have done it before, but never managed to pull it off. And it is true too. Really, how many WW1 games are there out there in the first place?  This game is truly a masterpiece and deserves your cash. to the numbers!Graphics- 8/10 Very nice considering the stage in development and the artwork adds a lot to it!Controls- 9/10 Basic controls but I did need to remap one or two for personal preferences.Handling- 7/10 Smoothe but could be improved. One major issue is the prone/crouch features. Sometimes they don't work at all or take forever to do so. Will result in a few deaths.Story- 10/10 I can’t really rate this because it is multiplayer but there are a few interesting things about this game; It is historically accurate in many ways such as the classes, battles, ant teams/squads. Reloading takes about the same time as in real life. I put 10/10 because of all these factors. Can’t get better than real right?Gameplay- 9/10 High stress, slow and fast paced gameplay make up this game. From melee trench warfare to 100 yard shootouts, Verdun has done it all and so, so, good! It also has a solid strategy baseline as well.Creativity- 9/10 Done before but never really pulled off until now!Price- 8/10 $22.99 Is the original price but on sale it’s $13.49 so I think its worth it on sale and if you like the looks of it then the full price is reasonable.Hype- 8/10 A Lot of which I expected, but not to this extent!Overall- 9/10 Very highly recommended. I didn’t write much this time but that’s because only this sentence matters; It’s great but it!!!!"
76561198162711165,Recommended,242860,26430757,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ReZS,not enough money to buy battlefield 1 no problem we had world war 1 trench warfare :D
,Recommended,242860,17129264,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Garystearns,"Very nice game, good community and smooth controls.9/10"
,Not Recommended,242860,23971122,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,youtube.com/djblyatman,How to play this game?1. Spawn2. Die3. Repeat
76561198177155123,Recommended,242860,23097023,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,good christian boy,This game is worth playing even when you wait 25 seconds to respawn just to get sniped by a random camping machine gunner.10/10  would wait 25 seconds to respawn then get sniped by some random camping machine gunner again.
,Recommended,242860,34244815,Posted: 14 August,all,ASlavicSwizzleStick,"I'm Verdun with Verdun. Best game, underrated, make the game free again or lower the price you dumb scum."
,Recommended,242860,14041072,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,rin,"Verdun is a first-person WW1 trench 'simulator' in a way. The way the game works, is that there is 2 modes, though the other mode is never really played. The first one is Capture, where you can play as the Central and Entrente Power's infantrymen in an abundance of trenches in which players have two phases. Attack, and Defend. The funnest part of the game, is just running with your fellow soldiers into battle, watching them die side-by-side, as a gas mortar strikes the enemy trench, either dispersing or killing them all. I really suggest you play this game only for Capture, as Free For All is never really played by anyone, other than all the gameplay it does showcase some realism with it's physics engine, and a beautiful graphics update. *Thanks Dev's!*"
76561198039516403,Recommended,242860,34073523,Posted: 6 August,all,Mosquito,"It is not the average FPS game, but it has it's own type of game play. It takes a new style and embodies trench warfare. All shots are practically a one shot hit and you do a lot of waiting around. You and the enemy take turns trying to gain ground on each other throughout the match. If you're looking for a COD/Battlefield-esque game, then this game isn't for you. If you want a more realistic approach toward an FPS and are willing to die A LOT, then pick up this game during the next sale available."
,Recommended,242860,25251877,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,the hugest man,better then cancer of duty - ahhhhhh funny joke
76561198013543848,Not Recommended,242860,33283988,Posted: 5 July,all,Aelian,"I know I have only 70 minutes in this game, but it was enough to notice the poor optimization amongst the fact that it might as well all be the same map every map then throw in the horrible hit detection etc. I have never been more aware of my two hour limit for a refund on a game before."
76561198406241819,Recommended,242860,33748964,Posted: 23 July,all,Lonewolf88,Verdun is the most realistic and fun FPS one can find on Steam.
76561198078716748,Not Recommended,242860,23106726,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,No Sin Zone,"This game had super high hopes in alpha.  Somehow since they've only managed to make the performance AND the gameplay worse since then.New features are cool but artillery is still broken as hell(it's basically like the pinpoint accurate killstreak from COD, but you don't have to get kills for it).My account level still gets reset every few months.The new maps are HORRIBLE and run even worse.The match joining system is still as horrible an idea both conceptually and in practice as it was since day one.The fact that you can't always expect just to have a rifle when you join a game is appalling.Players are were rewarded with perks just for staying in a lobby similar to BF4, think of how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is in that game, it's 20x worse in this game.The combat and movement in general is just broken, leading shots is cool and realistic, but I shouldn't have to do it at point blank.  You realize just how bad it is when you play on that new terrible indoor bunker map they released, a single player can effortlessly kill infinite baddies through a door way until a grenade is thrown at him.  The reason for this because shooting while moving just god awful, AND there's no lean mechanic, so peaking corners is pretty much impossible, so to clear rooms and trenches you have to rely on grenades and broken artillery - both of which you probably don't have.Overall it's a bad game that's only gotten worse since alpha.  The only reason people play it because you have no other option for a multiplayer ww1 fps at the moment, but with BF1 approaching that's soon to change.  Don't waste your time or money on this game, just wait for BF1 if you have to play a ww1 shooter."
,Recommended,242860,11434673,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Justinian Mukesha,"This game will slowly drain your self-esteem and instinct of self-preservation until you can charge trenches without any fear of your own imminent death.If you buy this game you can anticipate lots of frogs who never charge enemy trenches when they're told to, darn french. Only the german teams seems to understand. but dont worry sooner or later the game works it magic and makes them soulless husks devoid of fear and reason."
,Not Recommended,242860,8951617,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Lion Heart,"the constant sound of artillery is infuriatingly annoying, the gameplay is horrible, the maps are designed in such a way where it doesnt even feel like your in a ww1 setting, the graphics are god awful for something costing £20. overall every design decision did a 180 turn from what should have been done."
,Recommended,242860,24181144,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ϟϟWolf motherϟϟ,10/10
76561198202711214,Recommended,242860,25740343,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,{ÇÇH} CRAZYNIGHT151,"Yeah, I reccomend this game because its #1 fun as hell. The game gives a new POV on WW1 And it is the best Game based on ww1 ive played in my life, Besides BF1 Which i also reccomend. #2 This game is a very good representation of WW1, Im a very big fan of the great war and i love almost reliving it and feeling the pain that everybody that fought the war did. And #3 The game is alot of fun for a trench fighter game where you basically do an all out charge when everybody in front of you is dying and you see all the bombs and hear gunfire aroung your ear. The game is definitely reccomended by me."
76561198127647399,Recommended,242860,23762624,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mtc_PzKfwgn,BEST WW1 FPS GAME10/10
76561198123568726,Recommended,242860,23796487,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,stewman_19,Very fun game. Realistic ww1 warfare. 10/10
,Not Recommended,242860,23904851,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TheCrippler,"It's just not finished yet. It's very badly optimized even for PC's that should max it out with ease. The controls are terrible. The game mechanics are arbitrary and often constrict you into a forgone defeat. The multiplayer suite is unstable at best. Matches are easy to find but are very sparsely populated and servers time you out with no warning.If they polished it for another year or two, i'd buy this again for under 5€, otherwise, just avoid this."
76561198149854236,Recommended,242860,24297036,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism,"I recommend this game very much. its a shame tho none played at the asian server. I have to play at the aussie server and the ping is quite high (140ish). The game favors accurate shot instead of run and gun. considering one hit can kill you. even to the leg. I almost feel as if I was in that battle bcs of all the arty shot near me. the bolt action is very punishing. if someone is in front of you and you missed your shot. you are a dead man. this is what I like from verdun. the one shot one kill principle makes verdun a game of its own, especially in the gas. running through the trenches with your gasmask on, limited visibility. lets just say if Hitler were to play verdun, the PTSD will kick in right on his face"
76561198064160428,Recommended,242860,26625740,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Merc,"Cool game, very balanced even with mg's and shotguns. Just why does it have to update EVERY. SINGLE. DAY.Still cool though."
76561198231938252,Recommended,242860,24070132,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mr.Mangos,"Verdun is a great game,not much lag lots of weapons its lots of fun.If your looking for a shooter get this game before you think of getting the lag filled game of heros and genreals this is what a shooer should be no lag veraity in weapon its great!There are small things i find bad like hit detection you can shot a guy in the face with a sniper he wont die and more of something they need to add is more sqaud to the game like there were more people fighting for germany and the USA/Britan/France.Some may say this is a rip off of Battlefield 1 but it older and much differnt this game is mainy trinch warfair bf1 is more open like battlefield games are known for having big maps if you have the money but this game its so fun"
,Recommended,242860,28212992,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Glitchar,"Amazing game, only one problem, no one is on (atleast in the AU servers) so you cant play"
,Recommended,242860,13644429,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Roody,"Early Acess ReviewDiary of Unkown Soldier: December 27th, 1916. France.Weather has been most unkind during these days of fighting. The mud soaked ground during the day makes transversing the already no man's land of hell all the harder. Many bodies flop into large mud pits and swallowed whole into the earth. During the night, the cold nights make the ground as hard as rock and the bodies of us men brittle and broken. It's only during these nights that we get some slight comfort, hoping for a grenade to clear our trench and give us some slight warmth before a cold death but alas, none so.As I sit here, writing to you, bullets buzz by overhead and many men that are defending during the assult of the enemy drop beside me in a pool of their own blood but as quickly as he falls, another poor soul takes his place. It's not always been like this. Sometimes, we manage to push through all the trenches and defend them till the enemy run back further to the battle line. Other times, we are pushes back and defeated. However, its mostly stallemates. Neither side wins but really...is there winning in war?One of the commanders has been dropping gas down on the enemy's trenches for some time. Its a yellow cloud of death that only brave souls would dare run through. We've been gased many times but we have thanks to our gas mas for protecting us. Its hard to see through it, makes shooting all the more harder. The muffled sounds around you as you wear it gives some sort of peace though...It seems the assult is over and we are going to counter attack as orders of the commander. I pray I will make it through this push and come back home. The sounds of our guns firing across the battlefield gives some comfort, knowing I have someone watching my back. All the better we have a crew of Light Machine Gunners to cover our advance but they have some as well. Deadly things those..LMGs...they can mow down a whole squad of men within a blink of an eye. The sound of the enemy gunner is quite terrorfiying. I've seen many men coward down in fox holes, begging to go home.Now I must go, time for my squad to take charge. Please wait for me, for soon I'll be at your side.Lovingly yours,RoodyP.S. This game is damn good. Gameplay is a blast and the imersion of the world is fantastic. Graphics are good but can be better. Sounds are amazing. As any early acess, there is bugs. One bug will throw you off the server for a while while I have one that cause me to have each frame of my grenade throw to be shown like a matrix sort of thing. Other then that, great so far. 8/10 till they optimize the game and fix the bugs."
,Recommended,242860,7839339,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,HolyIoann,"Almost 100 years ago the battle of Verdun began. Everyone, which concerns itself with the Great War, encounters sooner or later the name Verdun. The name is standing for more than 1000 years of common german - french history.Begun with “Karl der Grosse” one up to the hereditaryness and to the senseless material battle in the First World War. Today germans and french are good neighbours and meet regularly at monuments and graves of both nations. The goal of the “Verdun 14-18? project is it to obtain a extensive view of a partial aspect of the first world war as possible. A goal of these sides is not to glorify the war.With this side shall the happenings of the First World War brought in a better understanding, draw a lesson of it it and develop a historical consciousness. The suffer and victims of fallen in both world wars, which equal nation, shall not come into oblivion.Great game about the First World War, the historic game. While the game with early access, but will soon release the full version of the game."
76561197967242823,Recommended,242860,28969477,Posted: 3 January,all,Wilhelm IV,"This game, as far as i'm concerned; is the ONLY WW1 shooter out there.The feel of immersion is authentic and realistic.You wont see a single piece of equipment, gear or terrain out of place.In Battlefield 1; bullet lethality is a joke. (Except snipers of course)In Verdun; You get shot, and you are dead or in deep trouble.The Game modes are addictive and have excellent replayability.The only con i can see is for people who don't have friends that are into this game, as the leveling system is symbiotic with people on your friends list.Example:Person A, B, and C all play the gameWhen playing together:A and B are say: level 50B and C are say: level 34A B and C all together are: The highest combo level in this 3 man comboA, B, or C, Seperate/Alone: Always level 0The upside is, this game forces you to work together in a tighter knit squad, that seems more real- less arbitary.Honestly; it took playing Battlefield 1 to make me REALLY appreciate how amazing THIS game is by comparison.In short: Battlefield 1 vs. this game?They couldn't PAY me to play Battlefield 1.Thank you for your time."
,Recommended,242860,28830793,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,regime,"Gas attacks, bolt-action rifles, bayonets, and getting stuck in barbed wire. What else could you ask for?"
76561197987231812,Recommended,242860,28214720,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,taylortherookie,Its like EA games but you buy whole game in one shot and enjoy it and dont get pee off when 12 year olds run around no scoping you from half way across map in a locked closet.
76561198208329832,Recommended,242860,26547015,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Raging Tomato,I cant stop playing it
,Recommended,242860,19258817,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Chifusa,The gameplay and atmosphere is truly unique!
76561198039425988,Recommended,242860,23032686,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Deep Cove,"6.5/10I want to start off by saying I bought this game for myself, my son, and a buddy of mine (Thulgar), and I was the only one that enjoyed the game. So, this game is not for everyone.The graphics are mediocre, though it feels somewhat realistic when you are scoping in with your various WW1 rifles. That being said, the actual character models and movement are very bad. Laughably bad.During death matches, the mechanics are so unwieldly that it is in fact easier to take an un-scoped rifle, run and hop around the map and never stop moving so that those that are trying to snipe, don't have the time to find you in their sites, before you approach and kill them with your bayonet or a pistol.And although this is very annoying, it is also satisfying when you do find a nice hole to lie in and snipe ten or twelve guys in a row before they find you...so it's a mixed bag of fun and annoyance.The game does offer some innovation with its core game play and the units on the battlefield. This coupled with the fact that this is the only WW1 trench game that I have seen with a decent amount of realism, keeps me coming back for the odd match. If you are not a history buff and you are not a fan of WW1 sniping, you may want to avoid this one.All in all I put 30 hours into this game and for me it was just an ""okay"" investment.https://youtu.be/gJaWyQCpBuU"
,Recommended,242860,16637519,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[8thVA] MrMan,Pretty damn fun. Probably the best FPS I have every played. The history aspect is quite amazing as well. 9/10 (there are still some glitches and such).
,Recommended,242860,25733842,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Hetric,"First of all, this is my first full length review so take what you want from it. I personally love this game. I have always found the World War 1 era very interesting and this game sure does bring a lot of that to the table. Everyone is so hyped about battlefield 1 that many people glance over this WW1 FPS thinking its a rip off. From what I've played of the beta of bf1, I can say that this game does a much better job at representing WW1. Although I do find this game extremely fun, there are a few cons.Pros-Is very accurate to the time period-Has a great variety of weapons and squads-Has fluent gameplay-New and interesting leveling up system-Portrays trench warfare correctlyCons-Spawn camping is very abundant-Not the best looking game-Can't just pick-up and play"
,Recommended,242860,18166563,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Crazy_Tiki,"I spawn in some hill with like sand bags around me. In the distance is a trench, I was like cool. We are attacking. I get shot as I jump out, don't know where from but somewhere. As I watch my lifeless corpse fall down into the phsyx nvidia dirt. Squad leader isn't using ablities, keeps telling us to rush in the middle. The enemy bottle necked it, wont throw down artillery. I was like, look here you kunt I just wanna win so throw down that arty. So after he calls me salty he throws it and it misses, by a mile. I was like, fock this. Next game, nobody wont shut up about some book called all quite in some front or something. Guy next to me looks at me says he wants to get his hands dirty, gets shot. Have some wee kid on me squad, wont sha up about how the war was. I dont wanna hear him, so mute. No good, I can see him in chat now and then he gets shot. Everybody seems to be jacking off to world war one porn. I just bought this game cause it looked cool, and now I am surrounded by like war nuts who wont be quite and keep getting shot and then I have to actually try. Start carrying team, none of them wont move up, they just like sit there stare at me and then get shot. I was like fock this. Joined the german side. Get the mg and forever hold the 104 kills and 2 deaths. See them bittching in chat, I laugh. As I thought to me self ""My money was well spent Crazy"" and then I get shot."
76561198157612976,Not Recommended,242860,18043397,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Burning Bridges,"On the first look everything seems perfect: wonderful sound and graphics, realistic weapons and athmosphere.But owing to the Unity engine, maps are tiny as a garden (perhaps 300x300m) compared to similar games this is an absolute joke. Another problem I have is that the keyboard control does not work or is very clumsy. Many other things you take for granted in 2017 seem to not work right in this engine.If you dare to step 1 meter outside the tiny map, the game immediately gives you 10 seconds warning, and then deus ex machina will execute you as a deserter. So much for realism. The minimap is hard to use as you can't see much on it, it is much too slow.Another problem is the players in this game. Selfish, without patience, without any regard for realism. The tactics employed by 75% of people is to rush without any regards for losses, kill someone, die and rush again. In almost all games I played combat developed into a complete cluster♥♥♥♥ with no possibility to use any kind tactics because people die faster than you can report them.This game plays out as pita for anyone who likes to sit down and think for a moment. When you begin creating your first squad the game will immediately begin after a short timer, no matter if you are ready. I had people join my squad, then vote immediately to change to another nation. Everyone seems to join willy nilly if a squad has no sniper or machine gunner yet. If you are already in this position you will immediately get flooded with requests to switch position with you. If you say no, they will ask again.Verdict. ""Wolfenstein WW1"". Excellent game ruined by many stupid ideas, wrong engine, and human wave style players. Simulates the pointlessness of WW1 perfectly, that after a few hours of Verdun you never wont go into the trenches at all.Graphics/Sound/Athmospere 10/10 Fun 5/10 Gameplay 0/10"
,Recommended,242860,24304452,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cesars,"To describe Verdun the phrase ""hard as nails"" is often used and yes to the modern FPS player it may seem that way.Verdun distances itself from the stereotypical FPS genre and its tropes in several notable ways.1.	You WILL DIE, a lot! – You are charging across open fields at OHK weapons2.	You need to be Fast AND precise – most weapons are BA’S and you don’t want to be caught with no bullet in the chamber.3.	You NEED to work together – only as a group will you even stand a chance at reaching your enemy’s.Once you understand this, and learn how to compensate for it, you are good to go!Behind the first layer of frustration imbued on us by our past FPS experience, lies a challenging but Fun and rewarding shooter that gives you just a bit of a glimpse at what WWI trench warfare was actually like."
76561198007976103,Recommended,242860,25773321,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DarkPhoenixRising,Absolute rubbish
76561198080261636,Recommended,242860,16702371,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,The Northener,Brilliant Game. Probably the best WW1 game I've played. I recommend it to any Historical FPS lovers
76561198037768500,Recommended,242860,16703440,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Robin Da Hood,"Do you like CoH 2? Wanna feel that kind of action, except from an FPS perspective? Then this is your game, hell even if you  are not a history buff, this is a unique FPS experience that any gamer will be able to appriciate."
,Recommended,242860,16683860,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Comrad Dragon,">Leave a trench>Die instantlyThe most accurate representation of WW1.Trying to get into enemy positions if fun, but be ready, you're gonna die a lot."
,Recommended,242860,16701713,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,THOT DESTROYER,Who is this Noman guy and why do we have to fight so hard over his land?
76561198005261774,Recommended,242860,30581812,Posted: 17 March,all,(CLF) StickyBandit,Its a ok game if its on sale i would buy it other then that i wouldnt wast the money. The servers threw all hours of the day are kinda dead. not reallly a squad based game everyone just runs around shooting. tomuch like cod camp and snipe and small game size only 32 players if u like that i guess its for you but if your like me who playes project reality you want 50 on 50 just saying)
,Recommended,242860,11841775,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Frood,"A glorious game, I would play it forever if I could. Very little to be improved upon, it's mind boggoling that this is just an early access game. Some things I would like is a moving front where the map moves to the victories and losses of matches on the map. I hear they're going to add more factions so that would be great. I hope in the future they add tanks and horses. But this wouldn't fix a bad game, this would make an amazing game perfect. if you haven't bought it now, BUY IT!!!!"
,Recommended,242860,23671605,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BOI_MrShadyMann,Amazing game it is worth the money! If you want a proper WW1 sim/game this is the game for you! It is quite challenging so get your mountain dew!My only complaint is it crashed tons but now they fixed it! but it is slightly laggy when you put gore on ultra!Overall amazing game well done developers!!!!111!!!!!!1!11!!!
76561198296651420,Recommended,242860,31202220,Posted: 17 April,all,PieWithMoustachePWM [FIN],Awesome game and shovel (Feldspaten 1887) is OP!
,Recommended,242860,22889014,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Annabanana,This game is 10/10 beautiful!
76561198061559900,Recommended,242860,20654293,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Pepi Le Cube,"Great game, just lack of anyone playing on the odd occasion is saddening. This game when in a full match is a test of reaction, skill and intelligence. Instead of just camping the modes keep it fresh and consantly churning through the grinder, seeing a spec moving and then dropping down dead in the mud for the first few rounds has a great sense of 'keep your head down and be smart'. The squad gameplay is fun but the ranking and leveling system attached could be improved, as many players seem to not realise its benefit. As giving improved reload and other perks seems unfair. as a new squad would still be getting slaughtered in the mud whilst a skilled squad would keep getting more perks.Love the aesthetic and the detail that is captured, simply playing with headphones on high volume and just taking it all in,  is a wonder that very few historical games ever capture. However the large updates and at times frame rate and optimisation issues can be a game killer, many of the negative reviews highlight the issues perfectly and is a very big consideration for new buyers. Just wish steam had a mixed review button as i personally have little issue but wouldnt recommend a game entirely if so many struggle to play it.https://lostinthebloggersphere.wordpress.com/2016/01/26/quick-review-verdun/"
76561198085649702,Recommended,242860,15601376,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Helacor,I love this game it has it all-real feeling-crazy old music-no noobs cuz everyone dies the same lol-when atk YOU WILL DIE ALOT-when def u prob will die once or twicecons-not many u need a alright comp to play-if ur not looking for WW1 action DONT PLAY11/10
76561198134933215,Recommended,242860,30355705,Posted: 6 March,all,DoubleK,"-Loaded up my toaster-Installed game-Jumped into game loaded with about 4 people-5-10 mins later of dying-Get into brutal hand to hand fight with someone-Game drops to 5-10 fps-I kill him-I see another guy-I try to melee him-5 fps, 400 ping-Fail at killing him-20 laggy swings at the wall later he ended up just stepping back and shooting me10/10 The most accurate depection of ww1 ever"
,Recommended,242860,25338958,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SHARKE BYTE,"They need some form of AI in the game to fill up the maps. Currently when you play its like 12 v 12 on a pretty big map, which is nothing like WWI is supposed to be.WWI had a lot of mass offensives, with hundreds if not thousands of men on each side. It is described by those who fought as being chaotic and utterly disorienting. Verdun simply does not feel like that at all. You've got a handful of teammates, and a handful of opponents, and you just kinda run along the battle line until you find people, and until then it doesn't seem like much is going on at all.I like the basis of the game, but it needs to add a few dozen AI soldiers on each side to really add the feeling of chaos the game deserves. If I pop my head above a trench without support, I should die. Bullets should be headed my way almost immediately, but right now there isn't a density of soldiers necessary to give the game the feel it needs."
,Not Recommended,242860,32049214,Posted: 29 May,all,MKUltra,"Pros: an original gaming experience (trench warefare FPS) covering an interesting period in history. Good attention to detail, too.Cons: buggy, unstable and crap AI. Devs busy porting to console and coming up with an expansion rather than fixing problems."
,Not Recommended,242860,31946769,Posted: 24 May,all,IndianaDucky,"It's so clunky that it hinders the gameplay Experience. People can also be complete A.s.s holes and lock off certain classes because they want to be the only one with that specific weapon.Look this game is fun, but it just needs a lot more work done to it. Maybe in a year from now it will have a smother gameplay experience.I do not recommend this game. If you want a better hardcore Fps game then clunkey Verdun, I recommend getting Day of Infamy or Rising storm 2 Vietnam."
,Recommended,242860,26167788,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Lakarak,Amazing game with few bugs here and there. Lovely graphics and community.
,Recommended,242860,16704293,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Nivtu,I died 12 times to finally army crawl my way into the enemy trench where I bayoneted the entire time. Worth it.
,Recommended,242860,20365429,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Josh C.,Best game about nothing else like it
76561198183735475,Recommended,242860,33775386,Posted: 24 July,all,"Zhargov, Thot Destroyer",The only game when you can shoot an enemy in the head with a pistol 5 times and then get killed by his bayonet after he notices you.
76561198028097284,Recommended,242860,19087673,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,randomrd,"This is a great game, and it requires a certain amount of skill. It also allows you to win even when the odds are against and you are out numbered. As long as your good at the game you can do very well."
,Recommended,242860,17563781,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kungfoocheese,eastern front plsEDITyey they listened
76561198147092379,Recommended,242860,23337594,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,EGGBOI,>spawned in>chose flamethrower>roasted scrubs>walk into my flames>die a horrible death>19/16 would burn again
76561198022373082,Recommended,242860,13545707,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lelafa,"Idea of game is nice. But, graphics not so good, arcade crossight, and CoD 'crosess' when hitting. Rifles shooting too unnacurate.U need to make.1. For some maps 16x16 TOO LOW, need MOAR players in match.2. More people in squad, coz 4 is too low.3. MG's shooting unrealistic, not enough loudly.Now game is looks like FTP. But, i hope u finish it with success.3.5/5"
76561198032883429,Recommended,242860,15471344,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,NoscopeJones,"Took 5 steps...died in the mudRespawned, took 10 steps...died in the mudRespawned again, crawled forward on my face all the way to the enemy lines...died in the mudMy team's attack ran out of momentum, the enemy attacked...made them die in the mud10/10: would die in mud again"
,Recommended,242860,15757667,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Rallbot,"I really love this game, however the squad stuff needs to be sorted so that you dont just have people randomly join and take up your squads co-op xp. I can see this game getting better and better, good work lads!!!"
76561198126235780,Recommended,242860,32422409,Posted: 14 June,all,iBP ScreaM,This game is the best most immersive WW1 shooter I have ever seen. WAY BETTER than battlefield 1. If you're looking to use your 5k pc for supper realistic VR immersive gaming this is for you.
76561198067233743,Recommended,242860,24263265,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Empress-JasmiinaChan,I like it.
,Recommended,242860,35390265,Posted: 1 October,all,Petain,"Great game, even better with friends."
,Recommended,242860,34788396,Posted: 6 September,all,Chezlover,Great ww1 game. Could use vehicles.
76561198279845986,Recommended,242860,34830500,Posted: 8 September,all,admiralbob2,i think that this game is a fantastic game that is under rated for what it is and i can't wait for tannenburg.
,Recommended,242860,35035947,Posted: 17 September,all,❥Blitz | Blake,Verdun is good game
76561198113236035,Recommended,242860,34804359,Posted: 7 September,all,Queen,I like this game because real life trench warfare tactics work as they were supposed to. The close quarters combat is wonderful and keeps you on your toes at all times. I've been extremely spooked by the quick and sudden deaths. You guys did a lot more better than Battlefield 1. *cough cough* Reviving *cough cough*
,Recommended,242860,34829572,Posted: 8 September,all,X-JT Corpse,"I've been playing Verdun since the early beta and I love it. Despite the little glitches and servers dumps and...well...yeah, there are a lot of things most ""hardcore"" Battlefield and COD palyers may not like. But it's a push and pull game and I love that style of gameplay. I wish BF1 incorporated some of Verdun's ideas instead of just reskinning BF4. I've made a lot of friends in the community and love some of the camaraderie among the player base. Sure there are trolls but that's everywhere. Anyway, I still find myself coming back to Verdun despite the AAA titles being released."
76561198067428403,Recommended,242860,35052394,Posted: 18 September,all,MEGATRON,"Sit down boys and girls, and listen to an old man's yarn. I've played this game since its earliest build, when it was still a free beta download on the internet, with two maps, a handful of guns and only four squads. I still can't believe how far its come in the years since.-------------------------------I get back on after several months of inactivity. Its christmas time and the game is hosting its annual Christmas Truce event (MUST credit the game for doing something no other wargame has ever done, annually commemorating a truce event where we all just play soccer and write digital christmas cards instead of killing each other). Of course, for us veterans, we know that each christmas brings new players.I join a Stosstruppen unit on an Ardennes match. I spawn in a trench with a fresh batch of newly converted BF1 and Call of Duty fanboys who bought the game on a one off this christmas because its WW1 like BF1. They go over the top in a twitch shooting induced frenzy and get cut to pieces by a machinegun. I joyfully listen to the screams of their dying characters as I weave my way up the trench towards the area with the most cover between lines.I cross over and with my MP18, clear out the first line trench, allowing the newly respawned pubbies to finally cross noman's land and cap the trench. The match switches us to the defensive and the Allies start dropping heavy arty on us. The pubbies line up on the line and start pouring out fire while the shells and mortars start dropping on us from on high. Then someone calls in gas.The pubbies have never seen something like this before. They freak the ♥♥♥♥ out and start running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Some jump out of the trench and are cut down by MG fire again. Others run away and are exectued for deserting. Most just suffocate in the cloud of mustard gas engulfing our trench.I calmly don my gasmask and crouch down among the bodies as the enemy starts to creep into the trench. With the low visibility and natural camoflauge I manage to kill three before someone drops a grenade at my feet and I get gibbed. By now the pubbies are starting to rage quit and the team has become heavily unbalanced.I know the match is effectively over, especially on Ardennes, we can't win without at least equal numbers, especially from the German start. Then, a miracle. The Almighty ZAB, twitch shooting jesus of Verdun, descends upon the German team. Armed with only a Kar98AZ and the speed of his OP twitching BS, he quickly kills over 60 enemies in two minutes without suffering a single death. The enemy team starts to rage quit.Ten minutes later we win the game. Afterwards the game shifts to Truce mode, ZAB leaves immediately for the next killing field and the few remaning pubbies that stuck around start wandering around in confusion as I go to send a christmas card to a friend. Later I sit around the fire with some NPCs and a pubbie comes up to me. ""This is so weird"", he says. ""This is history"", I respond, ""this is Verdun."""
,Recommended,242860,35085355,Posted: 20 September,all,PikeyBastard,Historically accurate and an all round great game
,Recommended,242860,35330687,Posted: 30 September,all,Sir. Pipin Basil,The game is alright but the controls could be easier.
,Recommended,242860,34696517,Posted: 2 September,all,Babonzi,- Played as Canadians- Flanker- Given a Trench Club and 5 grenades- 15 kill streak through grenade spamming- Cleared a bunker with just a trench club- got shot in the stomach- ded10/10 Would club again
,Recommended,242860,34942409,Posted: 13 September,all,Grimm,"I can't say that I make Verdun a part of my weekly gaming, but I find that i'm always coming back to it. The wave defense mode is great fun, the multiplayer is well balanced and great fun, and the historical accuracy is wonderful for a nerd or someone interested in reading up on World War 1 units and tactics. The trench warfare does NOT get old, slow, stale; the whistle blows, your heart starts pumping, and you sprint across a battlefield soaked in gunfire, exploding artillery shells, and mustard gas and start cleaving into the enemy forces with a wide array of historical rifles, bayonets, grenades, revolvers, etc."
76561198180434367,Recommended,242860,34866514,Posted: 10 September,all,Naeth,"Unprecedented death characterized WW1- and so too does it characterize Verdun. So, regardless of any failures at least this game got one thing right, war is bloody bloody.4/5"
76561198155592352,Recommended,242860,34872309,Posted: 10 September,all,the gamer2,"Unlike another game which i won't mention, this game actually has trench warfare...which is what you would expect for a WW1 shooter right?"
76561198097404820,Recommended,242860,35110742,Posted: 21 September,all,Winterbeard,ich starb19/18
76561198065425635,Not Recommended,242860,20146293,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,{Δ} Mad_Dentist,The game lacks players
76561198055081415,Not Recommended,242860,19687011,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Saberfox,"The concept behind Verdun is great. The execution is not as good. I want to like this game but cant because of the framerate. At times its 60fps but at other times its 15-20, and im running Battlefront on ultra settings. Im getting 66- 90 ping, but cant keep a steady framerate. Ive had fun in this game and it does make you feel like your at war in the trenches. But sadly due to the framerate, gameplay, and matchmaking issues, I cannot recommend the game in its current state."
,Not Recommended,242860,19201244,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Our_Benefactors,"I wanted to like this game as a big fan of Red Orchestra which this game looked to draw from heavily. Boy was I disappointed.Very buggy. Unable to move in prone because my legs were wrapped around a tree behind me. Cursor flashes in the middle of the screen. Players are launched into the air to compensate for poor collision detection. Runs extremely poorly (30-40 fps) on powerful hardware (i7 6700k, GTX 970)If the bugs were fixed the core game would be fantastic, but these issues ruined the game for me."
76561198101333779,Not Recommended,242860,19375414,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,إرادة الله,"Dont get me wrong, this game is ALOT of fun. When the wistle blows and your forced to run over the trenchs and storm no mans land while hails of machine gun fire flare around you and your teamate running next to you gets sniper. Its thrilling. But notice how I said ""teamate"" not ""teamates"". NO ONE PLAYS THIS GAME. Theres hardly anyone on each side and with these big open maps, the battles are rather silent. I wish this game was cheaper or free to play so that people will actually play it. The community here is so small, ive played with the same 4 people across a span of 3 weeks IN EVERY GAME. No one plays this game, and its a real shame..."
,Recommended,242860,14525691,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[KOF]Chikin Nuggger,I no longer experience crashes. I love this game now. now buy this game and get over the top.
76561198038605399,Recommended,242860,14550980,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Fist99,This game is enjoyable but overall it's still pretty poor in quality. Might want to hold off buying it until development is a little further along. 3/5 Stars.
76561198081848869,Recommended,242860,25565809,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Captain Blackadder,I buy this game 3days ago and i already got a PTSD
,Recommended,242860,9911939,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,xXMrBoinky122Xx,One of the best games ive ever played you should really get dis game
,Recommended,242860,22966221,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Bolbi Stroganovsky,10/10 would go over the top again
,Recommended,242860,25537049,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Martin Zaki,"You wanted to shoot an enemy? Nope, thats just a rock, and while you took your shot you gave away your position and now your brains decorate the French countryside. You wanted to charge with your budies through no mans land? Too bad, you missed a machine gunner and now you`re all dead. You wanted to sweep up a trench?, Well that guy that looked like a corpse among the other corpses was not actually dead but now, you are. These are just a few of the scenarios that you will encaunter.-You will die, a LOT. So if you are a person who rage quits, this is not for you.-Personally, I loved the game. Its the most realistic war game i have ever seen(might even give you mild PTSD :) ).-There is always someone to play with 24/7.-Known bugs that I have experienced are black trees on a single map, sommetimes all players will become immortal(i have seen this happen only 2 times), and there are some conectivity issues(the most common). That being said, these bugs are rare and will not spoil tha game for you.I found the game very educational about how cheap life was in the war, and how most of the time in a battle, you being alive is dumb luck."
76561198164851992,Recommended,242860,28709190,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,President Donald Trump,Harder than Dark Souls
76561198011072001,Recommended,242860,34244848,Posted: 14 August,all,Firestorm,"This game is good except now im verdun with this game because it is deed, the devs need to make this free or lower the price to £0.01 otherwise Tannenburg is ♥♥♥♥ed!?!?!?!?"
,Recommended,242860,17360727,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Fw.Laidoner[FJR.420],Better than battlefield 1
76561198042307005,Not Recommended,242860,17370258,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"The only reason to why this is the most popular WW1 FPS game is because it's basically the only WW1 FPS game, imagine if the guys that made Red Orchestra made a WW1 game, now that would be grand."
76561198053982654,Not Recommended,242860,19155997,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Its Ya Boi Mosin,this game was good a year ago but with every update the game has got progessively worse along with the frames per second the textures have got worse to the point where i dont play anymore.EDIT: after the new dlc expansionyeah its still pretty bad
,Not Recommended,242860,28687846,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sutalffa,"Some people will say this game seems very realistic.That argument couldn't be further from the truth.Verdun hardly captures the essence of trench warfare at all.  The 16v16 nature of battles where people fight mostly with rifles and pistols doesn't represent the hundreds and thousands who participated in charges across no-man's land with machine guns, mortars, gas, and artillery all over.  Yes, there are mgs, mortars, gas, and artillery, but they're hardly used by officers, and they don't target entire battalions (AKA several hundreds) of troops at a time.  Instead, you find yourself using mortar strikes just to bombard a hard to take corner in a trench that's covered by one or two troops.Granted the aesthetics of the game seem very realistic.  Yes, the trenches are dug into the ground with planks and posts, and there are craters and barbed wire everywhere......but the low numbers in the game make it feel more like you're playing a WW1 post-apocalyptic simulator or leading a special forces squad on an infiltration mission instead.  If everyone got to play an officer leading a squad of a dozen NPCs, it'd be great.  If the game played like Planetside with massive battles, it'd be great.  If the game wasn't plagued with snipers who can ruin an offensive just by taking one or two guys out here or there, it'd be great......but it's not.  By the way, did I mention you get executed if you're still attacking when the computer arbitrarily says your side has lost momentum and ""overtime"" is over?  On the other hand, did I mention how the game will say your side has lost a trench even if your side still has troops in it just because the opposition has been in it for a long time?On top of that, your success in one battle doesn't impact your success in other battles.  Pushing the front doesn't happen from one match to the next.  In any given match, the scoring system works according to whoever takes the most trenches, but ultimately, there's no goal in mind.  You're not pushing for Paris as the Germans or to liberate France as the Entente.  There's no promotion system either to control High Command or allocate resources.  You never get to conduct massive artillery strikes or assign tanks to finish off elaborate trench networks.The game just feels boring at the end of the day.  The only reason to play this game is if you have a high-end PC that can run it at 60 fps so you can camp and snipe all day at suckers who are desperate to run and jump over an obstacle course.  On the other hand, you can enjoy wielding a trenchclub too and take society back to the Dark Ages when you roleplay a barbarian just to whack someone over the side of their head while they're reloading after missing their one shot with a rifle before reloading."
,Not Recommended,242860,19222408,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,leggöngunum,"I purchased this game on sale, and I was overall dissapointed but I am willing to keep giving it a chance.The main disappointment was the lack of a tutorial mode or single player mode. The player is pretty much dropped into the game without any chance to learn the controls, and general feel of gameplay. I had to look up the keybindings in the option menu, just to know how to crouch.  I also had no sense of who my team-mates were.The reason this matters a lot to me, is because I hate being that one ""newb"" who just has no clue what they are doing.As with most FPS MMO games, the other players tend to be brutal. For example, I find that CS:GO is like that too, but at least in that game I could play against bots if I wanted to learn, or have a better chance at living.The concept of the game is fun, and I find the maps to be pretty visually interesting. I also love the appeal of using this game during a LAN party with my friends.This game may be for you if you love the challenge of MMO FPS type games, and have the time and effort to play. If you are a casual game player, and a noob, this game may leave you frustrated to the point at which it is not fun."
,Not Recommended,242860,18430907,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Biosphere,Well if your running an AMD card this game doesn't go above 5 fps for me and using an amd R9 290 with a 4.4gh hex core cpu with 16gb ram on ubuntu 14.04 LTS.  Do not recommend this for any AMD gamers :(  Even on LOW graphics I still can only get 5 fps this game wasn't designed very well for AMD cards.
76561198216151476,Not Recommended,242860,28630326,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Enilder,"Don't bother. Game is a lesson in frustration with poor gameplay and bugs. It has its fun moment but vastly overshamowed by an inability to deal with repeating bad mechanics, imbalances and simple things that should of been fixed years ago.  Having played from Alpha the base version was amazing were two sides could actually fight it out and not wait for game ordained ""ok you can charge now"". Turns out via this games perspective the bigges killer in WW1 is not bullets, artillery or gas but barbed wire. Better WW1 shooters on the market these days spend your moeney in a better place. Playing on christams and cant join the christmas truce gameplay without spending more money, then having an avoibable prompt to leave a review before quitting game. Fair enough. Here is your review."
76561197971176150,Not Recommended,242860,19921088,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Aftermath,"Reduce the accuracy... honestly.This game is an awesome move in the right direction for team based FPS's. I like how it doesn't favour going rambo over playing as a squad.... HOWEVER!!!!! the problem is, there are no firefights in this game, period, the accuracy of the weapons is just too damn high and because it's basically one hit kill the game is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ suppressing fire is useless because you get hit by the first or second shot 99.99999% of the time. The developers obviously tried to move in the direction of realism (because of the one hit kill) but I dont think any of the have ever fired a rifle in real life because aiming is no where near that easy, especially in combat.The high accuracy of ALL the guns wouldnt be such a problem if the players didn't stand out as a target so easily. The set elements (grass, sky, trees etc.) are not dynamic at all. The only thing that moves are the players which makes spotting them with your elite sniper aim easy as pie.If you even expose yourself for 1/16 of a second, you are dead. It really turns this game into a ""Call of Duty"" FPS because it only matters who shoots first, which get's old really quickly. I literally find myself shooting randomly in an opposing player's direction and scoring kills like a MF, but then conversely I find that I get one hit killed in my spawn trench .25 seconds after spawning.....I wouldn't reccomend this game over any other FPS until they turn the accuracy down, or the suppressing fie system is developed better.EditI'm updating my my review as it has been a little over a year since I made my initial critique, Upon playing this game again I have to reccomend NOT buying this game, nothing has substantially changed with the game since my initial review, this game fails to do anything innovative and is outclassed as an FPS by the Battlefield and COD franchises."
76561198138738596,Not Recommended,242860,19226428,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Senior Piglet,Not many people are on and whenever u do find someone to play with its a game of hid and seek and it gets real boring after some time
,Not Recommended,242860,23641629,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,AlbinoRhino,"It's a good game but the online community is very vile. It's much worse than what is normal in online gaming communities. It's a bit much to mute. If the game took moderating measures to curb this behavior I would consider repurchasing as I have recieved a refund instead of deciding to keep playing. It makes you feel like you are playing a game among children when it's a game that children should just not play. Lots of racism and other /b/ like behavior. The only comparable communities are communities like /b/ itself.These problems often exist in the indy games they do because someone in a high position prefers to allow it to happen instead of doing something about it - because they are that type of person. For this possibility, I cannot support purchasing this game."
76561198098558324,Not Recommended,242860,23910083,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,aboodthegreat,i cant tell you my oponion about this game because i couldnt play it the game is full of bugs and you can check the disscusons befor you buy it my problem is with the coneection i cant coneect to the game serevers and its a popular issue so i dont advice any one to buy it befor its become fixed
,Recommended,242860,22334604,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Хитрожопый Енот,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Not Recommended,242860,16181494,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Itchy_Leper,"Beautiful game, lots of potential, frustrating and unenjoyable. This game is a campers dream come true, there is no effective autobalance and you can spawn camp to your hearts delight, the initial rising through the ranks is so slow that you are stuck with a bolt action rifle against people with machine guns. Everybody seems to be able to see you and you can't see them. I love the idea of this game but the actual play-ability is sub-standard. The objectives in the game are hardly clear, you can't move forward or you are deserting, you can't sit still or you get camped, you can't move back or you miss any action at all. Now I'm only playing it to try to feel like I got some value for the money spent. Avoid."
76561198164596280,Not Recommended,242860,24835994,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,avatar684,Game ofthen kicks you out for some reason. Servers are just horrible to play on. As much hours ive spent on this its just it has gotten out of hand now.
,Recommended,242860,15816757,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,HEFFALOMPEN,it`s a good game greet graphicks:-)
,Not Recommended,242860,33002978,Posted: 29 June,all,Rudol von Stroheim,"This just isn't a game for me, sorry. Too many cheap deaths and too long respawn times"
76561198067486008,Not Recommended,242860,25219271,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sir Shy,"I came into this game with high hopes and left completely disappointed.Pros:-WW1 setting-Enforces teamworkCons:-Horrible controls-FORCES teamwork-Managed to crash 4 times in the 0.3 hours I played itNotes:I attempted to get assistance in the forums about the less than amazing controls and a few other issues, and once I requested help I was instantly attacked with comments like ""Go back to COD"". It's obvious this game has many faults and the producers are trying as hard as possible to sell it on console before BF1 comes out and it seems that is all they care about.3/10"
76561198007257937,Not Recommended,242860,28908462,Posted: 1 January,all,Kobak5 and... ME!:D,Nothing but a sniper fest..To few players in a map.
,Not Recommended,242860,33461828,Posted: 11 July,all,Agent_Rocket,"i bought the game on the free weekend, which was a mistake. with all the new players it was a lot of fun. you had to be careful, but you got time to figure out how things are done, because everyone else was just as new. now though the new players are gone and there's no way to get better at the game, because veteran players instantly kill you and you're waiting to respawn most of the game."
76561198074936752,Not Recommended,242860,19529845,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,buttfucked,"buggy, terrible performance, sluggish controls. I know this isn't supposed to be an arcade shooter but I want my gun to at least respond to mouse movements."
,Not Recommended,242860,19503511,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,epicghost654,"Game very poorly optimised. My cpu usage goes up to 75% when other games such as battlefield/arma 3 cpu usage is under 25%. I would like to enjoy this game, its just it buttrapes my cpu."
76561198137991640,Not Recommended,242860,20000620,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ricky,Error when launching game.. i just bought it....... cant even play
,Not Recommended,242860,18440099,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,zxn,Warning: Game may not work even though you may have the minimum or above hardware in order to play the game. Suggest reinstalling if it crashes 3+ times for no reason. Beware.
,Not Recommended,242860,22016272,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,DormoTheNord,"This game should not be out of early access. There are *way* too many bugs. I used to tell people ""Don't pay full price, or even $10, but if you can get it for $7 or $8 it's worth it"". Now I flat out will not recommend it.They recently released a ""free expansion"" with a ton of new content, including a new map and a coop mode.The coop mode is flat out broken. It literally barely works. Sometimes waves never come. Once one of us could run into the enemy trench even though nobody else was allowed to. Inviting friends via steam also seems problematic with coop. The AI is also awful. This was in no way ready to be pushed out to the public.The bread and butter game mode is Frontlines. I love the gameplay of this. It's intense, fast paced, and usually has quite a competetive, yet immersive feel.The devs need to sit down, stop adding new content, and just work on fixing bugs for a long time before I can recommend this game to any of my friends. Trust me, I'd love to recommend this game. I currently have 81 hours logged because I do love the game, but I just can't in good conscience recommend the game.Also, performance is drastically worse on Linux. I mean, performance in games on Linux is usually a bit worse, but this is inexcusable in my opinion."
76561198026394126,Not Recommended,242860,19227332,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,TheLordZeus,So decided to buy this game now as it was on special hoping to play a game that relates to WWI. Unfortunately its a disappointment. Sure it has pretty trenches....shell holes everywhere...the famous over the trench whistle...random artillery explosions....but thats it as far as WWI goes. This game is made for just a certain type of players.......SNIPERS! And thats it. If you want a game where you just sit back and snipe this is for you! Sure most of us try to follow the objectives...but what ends up happening the SNIPERS (not just using a sniper rifle but also a regular rifle or machine gun) just sit back and pick off players. They really dont need to help with the objectives.....just sit back and snipe!Can I have my $$$$$ :(
76561198027746010,Not Recommended,242860,19584352,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,LootWaffle,"When i bought the game , i said : "" Holy Cow , there is a game about WWI , Omg! I wanna stab central-power players and allies , with my BAYONET! HELL YEAH! I want to fight side-by-side with my friends ! Kill before get killed.. alright i played about 15 hours and i said :This game , SUCKS. There are many reasons , lets see some :1) Bad aiming with weapons , when u're playing as machine gunner , u can see Sh*t , when u're playing as Sniper , you can see♥♥♥♥♥♥ Many snipers get confused when they are scoping with two eyes on one-eye scope , also when u are on SCOPE , u can see around the battle!2) Many glitches and bugs, i have many pictures of bugs / glitches on my files . Before 30 min i got stuck inside a wall and couldnt kill myself to respawn, so i wait there .Also,  BIG glitch is that if you are aiming with machine-gun , you cant control it 180 degrees to kill enemies , u are just stuck there , until u undeployed it . When you are on crouch on the ground , you can see above the map , when i say above the map ,i mean above the tunnels , the holes and ditch , you can see enemies and enemy cant see you.3) Bayonets , I am disappointed because 2d games have better fight scenes .4) Everyone stays on their holes and waiting to kill enemies .. Thats good , because if you're officer , u can kill those rats with artillery .. But .. as i said this game has maaaaaaaany glitches , u can use artillery or mortar on a tunnel .. yeah ,inside of it ...5) UNIFORMS , WHEN A ROUND STARTS AND U WERE ATTACKER , U CAN SEE AT THE TOP "" YOU HAVE 70 SEC TO GET BACK"" .. Alright , but i DONT want TO get back .. so i turn my back on the enemy front line and wait them to charge against my line .. they cant recognize me , because of the uniforms .. blue , black , grey , oil uniforms .. you get confused with those sh****y fancy uniforms . Also , when u are jump in ditch , u are starting shooting everything moves .. it doesnt matter if he's ally or enemy , just shot because u are scared .. of the uniforms .. because its one shot kill and if u get killed u have to go back to respawn and run again this DISTANCE .6) Updates arent UPDATES. Im sure that , this game gonna sell pistol camouflage or uniforms for money , to get ""rich"" . But no . When owners doesnt fix their game , it doesnt desrves our money .So, i am sure that i forgot many reason NOT TO BUY THIS GAME .Thanks for your time and DONT buy THIS game ."
76561197993009971,Not Recommended,242860,21740930,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,waveforme,"Graphics are .. meh, servers are glitchy, and game play generally SUCKS !!! If you like spawning and dying, then this is the game for you. If you like getting shot out of nowhere or from across the map by someone you can barely see, then this is the game for you. If you like getting raked by machineguns as soon you peek over a trench or crater...... Camping by ranked up players is rampent. Spawn times are also way too long.I've given this game many chances. Many players have already ranked up, giving new players almost no chance. I've played shooters for many years and this is one of the worst. I, along with 3 of my friends gave this game a chance. Now to a man, we have all uninstalled it.I really had high hopes for this game. I was sadly disappointed. I would pass on this game, unless you are a glutton for punishment and want to try and grind it out."
,Recommended,242860,20021681,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,El Zorro I,"this game... is perfect. other than some preformance issues, which are being eraticated as we speak, it is the ultimate first person shooter.""So, i own this bum game and i cant stand movements and recoil crap, but this is a lesser issue than that, i mean this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Eterosexual bane, mostly cause every player is Male and they need to get rid of their sexual needs somehow, and that obiviously mean every player had an homosexual experience at least once. Im going refund this crap before homosexuality get me too. Whoever thinks this is a good game is clearly""-Lamer"
,Recommended,242860,11714364,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SHANSHIRO,best ww1-style game
76561198236817294,Not Recommended,242860,33740065,Posted: 23 July,all,datzrandom!,"I have stage 4 terminal cancer, from how many times I have been killed by the ♥♥♥♥ing MP-18"
,Recommended,242860,8279083,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,midoriho,"YOUR COUNTRY NEEDS ""YOU""wiki：http://wikiwiki.jp/verdun/"
76561197964237640,Not Recommended,242860,21311894,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Tosh,"Feels like a Poor mans Call of Duty 1 in a WW1 setting.Buy RO2 or Insurgency instead, far more satisfying and well made Games.Infact:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=636682012there is now a WW1 mod for RO2, given how bland i've found verdun to be i'd say play this."
,Not Recommended,242860,33778650,Posted: 24 July,all,Retrova,"PositivesAuthentic WW1 settingAccurate uniforms and weapon models (as far as I can tell)Good size maps for 32 player battlesThe graphics are not the best, but are not a problem for me, which I consider a positive.Realistic one-shot kills with most weaponsKills are satisfyingGuns sounds are also satisfying, regardless of whether they are accurate or not.No female soldiersNegativesMovement feels clunky.It is easy to get stuck on objects or just on the terrain and jumping feels a bit weak, like a bunny hop.Animations generally seem basic and the way people move is very stiff.There doesn't seem to be much teamwork or co-ordination between squads.With manual bolting on, there is sometimes a delay before my character operates the bolt, or my click does not register at all. Not sure if this is intended to limit the fire rate but nonetheless it is irritating.The HUD could be a lot more limited, for realism.32 player games don't really capture the scale of a World War 1 battle in my opinion. Maybe the Unity engine was not a good choice if it cannot handle 64 player games well. I think getting the game to run 64 player battles as the standard should have been a huge priority for a WW1 game.There is no friendly fire. I find it immersion breaking when I turn every corner of a trench to be shot point blank by a teammate and then continue walking like nothing happened. Friendly fire would encourage players to be careful where they shoot and especially careful with explosives. Hopefully grenade spam would then be less common. Add a penalty system to prevent teamkill trolling.OverallVerdun feels like it tried to be a realistic game but only went half way to that goal. It seems unpolished and maybe it could have benefitted from being in early access for a while longer. Its not necessarily a bad game, but I feel that the negatives outweigh the positives and I did not enjoy the short amount of time I spent on the game.If I played the game for a lot longer I could probably start to ignore the faults and just enjoy the game for the somewhat authentic WW1 experience that it provides. But the fact I would have to spend so much time to enjoy this imperfect game, makes it not worth the dedication."
,Not Recommended,242860,18282937,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,salty_seadog,"sorry but this game not only is limited in what it goes to do, there are very few players on at most times. i would like a refund please."
,Not Recommended,242860,18330189,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Green Cunt,"Seriously... I played 1 hours... and since i'm not able to connect anymore. The game is not bad but I'm not able to play, i want my 25 bucks back."
76561198044938630,Not Recommended,242860,16611456,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Worldox,"I have not played an FPS this frustrating since I last tried COD blindfolded.  I get that it's WW1 and that death was everpresent, but there should be some ""fun"" in the game version.  It's also ""realistic"" in that one hit means death.  The maps are great but you spawn very close to the action.  That means we get the well-loved experience of spawn-killing.  Dying over and over again only a few steps from spawn does much to dampen one's enthusiasm.  If only a player were shielded for a few seconds after spawn, there might be time to avoid the snipers and grenediers zeroed in; but no, it's spawn... bam... wait... spawn... bam... wait.. lather, rinse and repeat.  As there is no post-death replay from the killer's perspective, there's no way to know where the shot came from.  The mini-map offers no hint of where incoming fire originates, so it's difficult to orient.  So it's spawn, try to figure out where to point and... bam... wait... spawn... bam.I hope this will be addressed in a future update.  Until then, fun's over for me."
76561198138124557,Recommended,242860,18550767,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Gary Busey,This is also good
,Recommended,242860,7842639,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,zalem,اقدح لعبه على وجه الارض
,Recommended,242860,26284832,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Hakkadosh,"Die over and over sim. Should add a digging trench DLC, would be less boring. 0/10"
76561198296505925,Recommended,242860,24022294,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Медведь,Makes sci-fi biased Battlefield 1 look like a pile of short-faced gobshite.
76561198136084835,Not Recommended,242860,17635005,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,I love you,"This game simply is not fun after you play it for a few hours, thats all I have to say."
,Not Recommended,242860,32074213,Posted: 30 May,all,Wirta,"Great effort from a small dev team but I must say this game is not for everyone.Somewhat realistic trench warfare is not the easiest nor best setting to build a game upon. The maps wont allow variety of any kind which causes gameplay to become dull really fast.Pretty accurate gameplay description would be: shoot, duck, reload, shoot, duck, reload, shoot, duck, reload, stand up, die. Rinse and repeat.Still the game has it's moments."
76561198190395328,Not Recommended,242860,17200640,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Jordan,"i honestly wanted to like this game but as i played it i noticed that in every game i join there is a hacker with wall hack and aim bot, i know this because when you get killed in the game it shows you the kill cam, they run through walls and lock onto your head which is totally unfair and not worth £17"
76561197980971062,Not Recommended,242860,19225755,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Big Boss Nass,It is a good multiplayer game. But I was really disappointed that it did not have a campaign or at least a single player skirmish mode. There are no games out there that really represent the grueling nature of the Great War. This game does a good job showing the weapons of the Great War and some of the terrain but it ends up just feeling like Call of Duty or Battlefield with bolt action rifles. It is just such a shame that they didn't make a campaign.
76561198000110662,Not Recommended,242860,17681563,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,noorcoen,"""Stick out your head for 0.5 seconds and you die""Many games i see people with 40kills for 0-5 deaths.  Even seen guys get 80-100 kills for 5-10 deaths. This game can be great when you get some kills. I felt great when i had a great game. But when you have those uber players on the other side, you will just die over and over without being able to do a thing.Frustrating like mad. I am more frustrated becourse i really, really want to like this game, but getting shot by people who you don't even see to make it a fair fight is just frustrating like hell."
,Not Recommended,242860,21328201,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Crownasaurus,"There's nothing WRONG with this game, not that I can see from a design point of view, or even a gameplay point of view. I'll admit that FPS isn't exactly my favourite genre, but I can certainly get into a good one, and have done in the past.Firstly I think this game looks great - I do have SLI GTX 970, so tend not to suffer too much from frame rate issues or anything else, but the textures, graphics and lighting all look pretty good to me.The control layout is simple, and makes a change from most modern shooting games in that you only have some basic commands, you don't have to hold down three keys to send your medic to go and order some more bandages or whatever you seem to be required to do now, it's much more like the early Medal of Honour serious, run, crouch, shoot, reload. So should be easy to pick up for the casual user.The downside? It's either not very popular, or the server matching system leaves a lot to be desired. It's clearly a game that is going to attract enthusiasts of WWI, and whatever server I seemed to join there were always one or two players on each team who would be repeatedly killing the other 8 players on the other team. When one player has a K:D of 30, and everyone else is 0.2 then it doesn't make for a particularly enjoyable experience.Basically, it's not in any way 'NOOB friendly' - lots of games arent, of course, but this especially so. Basically, if you haven't already got it, or if you don't already spend most of your time playing FPS, you aren't going to enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,242860,28472961,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mr. Ingram,"Sorry, I am deleting this game after just one day. Graphics are amazing, historical accuracy is amazing. . .but the game itself? Awful. Clumsy. It's really not clear what you are supposed to do, and there is little sense of teamwork."
76561197970390761,Recommended,242860,19117540,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Wingman,"I got this game when it was on early access, fell in love with it. As a developer myself, I appreciate good solid game play and this has it for sure.HIGHLY RECOMMEND - and if you want to check out our game on Steam Early Access it is Descent Underground.http://store.steampowered.com/app/360950/Thanks - and get this game NOW!"
76561198118414372,Recommended,242860,13999539,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,soldier5261,May be in beta but is still better than Cod. 10/10
76561198101926484,Not Recommended,242860,18672954,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,benwise2,"Verdun is a great game, and really makes you feel as though you're actually in the trenches. The only problem I've had with the game is that since the most recent update, matches will not load. If anyone knows what I can do to fix this, I'd really appreciate it. I can't reccomend this game even though I adore it, simply because I cannot play it. If that changes however, this game will be my reccomendation to all who enjoy difficult, realistic first persson shooters."
76561198372262945,Not Recommended,242860,32238262,Posted: 7 June,all,IKU,"Bought verdun on sale for 7 dollars. Was still no where near worth it. the videos on steam about the game are inaccurate. Game looks ugly on max settings. Crap square maps. i wasted 7 dollars on this because i was mislead by the comments. the concept of a realistic WW1 shooter is broken. Could be a movie idea, not a game. I have no idea how anyone could enjoy this. If you want to buy it then watch gameplay videos on youtube, if you still like it then please by all means.."
76561198041578858,Not Recommended,242860,21095671,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Stupid Sexy Caesar,"I want to like this game, but as it is, it runs fine on my system but the gameplay is just not fun.. Most of the time. You see it suffers a case of Snipers are the only way to play, everyone else is just cattle. Everytime I've played as a scope wielding angel of death I do okay, but everytime I play any of the other classes and their subsets of loadouts it turns into a game of hiding in a trench because the majority of veterens in this game are snipers or demi snipers.While cowering in a trench does sound realistic and faithful to WW1, as a source of entertainment it gets old real quick. The sniping mechanics could possibly be improved with weapon sway depending on stance and maybe restricting the sniping slot to one squad, Which they have done, but you can of 4 of the same type of squad per side. For these size maps 4 point and click laser accurate snipers is a little too much.Finally I have to say this game was at its best when they were no snipers on the field, that is when the marksman slots were occupied by people that didn't know you could upgrade to scoped rifles, for me this is when the game shined and I enjoyed it. But alas it's still in early access so there is still a little hope that they'll fix it."
,Not Recommended,242860,21211069,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Eneregor,Clunky and laggy. Everyone starts with a semi-automatic pistol which is not realistic at all. Just get Rising Storm/Red Orchestra 2
,Recommended,242860,16829949,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ItsNotKeir,"this is a great game. runs smooth. plays well. shows the horror of war. i like the idea of the game and i thought it was made perfectly. one thing i would like: the ability to choose what side you fight for. i like the entente powers but hate the central powers but have to play central powers. please change. 9.6/10 :)EDIT: So its been over a year, you can change sides and you can now turn on the horrors of war mode which turns the game into a nightmare on steroids. LOVE IT. Only problem is that i have run into an increasing amount of cheaters. If verdun used VAC i belive it would be insane. Im therefore updating my rating to 9.8/10, close to a perfect game. Well done Devs!"
,Not Recommended,242860,21317339,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Sell3R0yaL,"Super bad performance, even on high-end hardware. Buggy as laggy as hell. Cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,242860,23488298,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,qwerasdf1234,"Terribly optimised, looks and runs like garbage on a 980Ti. Gameplay is boring, you just sit in a trench and die if you stick your head out. Muchg like CS:GO, this game is dominated by no-lifers; new players hardly stand a chance."
,Not Recommended,242860,21474297,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ayame_69,"the game looks beautiful, accurate uniforms and weapons .. but thats it the game play good have been a lot better , some waepons are absurdly to good  a pistol has far to high range  for its comparisation in real live.wished there was a single player mode next to the multiplayer.i wished i good get a refund  for the game because its just not worth the 21,50 i payed for it"
76561198119510978,Not Recommended,242860,23506323,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ShotgunRagtime,"I do not really like the idea of writing a negative review for a smaller, independent game. However, I feel obliged to warn others about this title, especially since so many of the top reviews seem to be meme-y greentext-stlyed ones or ""10/10"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.This game is absurdly unstable. It is the most ridiculously unstable game I have EVER played on PC. And that is saying a lot, considering all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ports and early access games in my library, see for yourself. And I consider this wholly inexcusable, because this game not only looks quite bad, but has also been in development for a loooooong time. I'm not a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, I play for the gameplay, but when your game looks like it was made in 2010 it damn well better run on my rig (which can handle games like Metro Redux on max, no problem).What's funny is that this game actually ran perfectly fine for me when I bought it in early beta. Performance has, however, gotten significantly worse with every update. It's been unplayable for some months straight on my machine. Terrible, terrible FPS at all times, despite quality settings.Of course, some people have been getting fine performance. Cool, I'm happy for them. But that doesn't mean that you, the customer, should risk spending YOUR money on a game that might not even run on YOUR rig. Go to the discussions page for this game and just look at the bug reports category. There are not a few minor, isolated cases. This game doesn't work for a LOT of people, and it's been that way since late beta.Of course, this game has been known to break for certain people after every update, so you're basically playing roulette. Sure, buy the game now, but just understand that tomorrow's update may break it.Be warned that the developers ARE incompetent. Sorry, it's mean to say but it's true. They have spent inordinate amounts of time ignoring bugs, terrible animations,  and genuine issues to cram more content into a game that has too much content. The game is unstable, as stated previously. And, for those who weren't following the game at the time, it was prematurely rushed out of early access, which, by the way, is why the review scores took such a sudden nosedive from the 90's into the 80's.There's a lot of gameplay issues, such as the absolutely ridiculous squad leveling that essentially gives mic'd-up, experienced vets an extreme advantage in terms of perks and firepower over new players, but not many people seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥so whatever. Not many people seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥at all about this game's flaws. But if you believe the hype and buy this game, I'm warning you now to prepare for it to not work."
76561198130940544,Recommended,242860,25236754,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Theblastingbrit,"Battlefield 1, but less like a Hollywood movie.( Get it on sale, or if you work as a lawyer pay full price :D )"
76561197997806578,Not Recommended,242860,25508371,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Sir Bruce Forsyth,"I've played the game since it was in beta testing and had a lot of fun over time. The theme is unusual in FPS games, the squad setup promotes team-work and some of the maps are genuinely challenging to advance on. There seems to be fairly regular updates, servers are often full and people seem fairly friendly.But I wouldn't recommend it.Not if you're after a somewhat realistic-in-feel FPS, that is.Verdun should be considered an acrade game, and a clunky one at that. Killing enemies is a little too easy (I just went into a server after having not played for a few months - eight kills in a row to no deaths), the key controls are a little awkward, the voice chat so poorly integrated that it's seldom used. Visual effects aren't great and become repetitive quickly, the upgrades are nearly meaningless and voice controls play no real part in the game. You use them for the novelty (as in, ""Oh, I haven't got my guy to say something of absolutely no consequence in a while. Let's tell the people standing around me to advance.. even though most of them won't hear it because the game doesn't pick them up very well and doesn't alert those around you that you've given an order"").The graphics, I must be honest, are pretty average. I don't have a high-end computer but on fairly decent settings the sharp edges of each object are apparent; the reflections are just variations of chrome; the further you look the worse it gets; some of the maps are designed to be night time.. which is all well and good except that it severely limits the playability of a map. It might be fun to look around a semi-dark trench for enemies but after a short while it just gets a little tedious. The game just doesn't integrate darkness well.Crouching and laying down movements aren't smooth and you'll be caught out pressing the wrong button regularly (seriously, why is the default lay key ""left ctrl""?); you can't climb over obstacles, either your person can run up an exceptionally steep banking without a fuss or you can't get over something at all. There are several lookout spots (perfect for picking off enemies running toward your trench, right?) that can't be used because if you're standing you're too tall to see through the hole in the wall and if you're crouched you're too low to see through it. Some sort of interaction with the wall, so that you can crouch behind and pop up when you wish, would be good.There's no friendly fire. What kind of a game of carnage would hold out on friendly fire? I get that it would make it a lot more challenging, but what kind of a game tries to suggests it's even remotely close to real warfare without even having the option of friendly fire? Think there's enemies in your trench but you're not sure if the next thing you shoot at might be a friendly team member? Don't worry, there's no consequence for shooting Hans through the head because you thought he was a Frenchie.Ambience is lacking. I know, in real life there wouldn't be any background music but there isn't enough action in Verdun to warrant silence but for the sound of your feet, the same chinking noise of what I presume is supposed to be your gear, and the occasional rifle fire. I'm sure you've recognised the hypocricy in my complaining that the lack of friendly fire makes it unrealistic but now I'm campaigning for some background noise - but my point is about enjoyment. Friendly fire would make the game more enjoyable, background audio (distant gunshots, music etc) would make it more immersive.Verdun could be a good game if it was styled like Red Orchestra - the handling of RO is exceptional compared to Verdun. In all honesty I can't think of a game which has such poor controls as Verdun. It's not that they're necessarily bad, it's just they're clunky and awkward.Oh, and there's no private servers. All the servers in the game (one per region, with as many games possible at one time as there are maps) are operated by the game developers. So if your connection to the only server in your continent isn't that great, you're pretty much stuck. There's no single player, so you've not got a whole lot of options.Speaking of servers and maps, there are no custom maps. Community members can't make their own and host them (because, surprise surprise, all the servers are run by the developers). Sure, six maps may sustain a few hours of play initially but after a while people will be interested in new environments. Unfortunately if you want that you'll have to wait for the developers to release another one. Don't get your hopes up with the maps, though, as the best maps were the ones released with the game when it was launched. Every update since then, and every map that's come with it, has gradually made the game less enjoyable.I was shocked to see this game has been released on Playstation 4. I can't imagine how they managed that. If you're thinking of getting it for PS4 I would recommend holding onto your money and buy something better."
76561198085052499,Recommended,242860,14424339,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ChokE,Potato.
,Recommended,242860,7963775,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Theo Jager,"you get to run around a map full of people shooting at you, while trying to take the enemy trench full of enemy troops and guns, all while typing in team chat that your teammates should be running towards the fight. And you will be telling the european/mexican/ayrahb to type in murican so we can understand him.Overall a very well made game that continues to evolve and encompass more ideas to expand the enjoyment. Ive been following this project since 2009, long before it was in beta."
,Recommended,242860,9819237,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Trident,its a♥♥♥♥♥♥game but we all love it the way it is :3
76561198017869625,Recommended,242860,7833641,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Red,A promising multiplayer game. 3 stars at the moment and when all errors are corrected maybe 5...... Try it !!! ***
,Recommended,242860,8323708,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,buji_ryu,"It's has a slow pace, but still an excellent shooter."
,Not Recommended,242860,17461324,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Hedgehog,"So i have played this. i basically read the part of the game saying ""About the game"" It says its a realistic WW1 shooter, i played it for like 5 or 10 minutes i was thinking to myself.. is it really a realistic shooter? and my thoughts on that wwere no! to me it does not feel like a realistic fps! out of 1 - 10, 10 being the best i would say 4 being that the setting looks a bit realistic. but the actual characters do not look realistic. I am a big fan of realistic fps and this game to me does not feel realistic."
76561198069596033,Recommended,242860,21774622,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Aodhan,"Very fun game with friends, top bantz to be had getting Diabetes and trench foot with the lads. 9/11 would Hakeem again"
,Recommended,242860,14076545,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TheArtardDoctor,Get this game for the love of got GET IT. It is an amaizng game and with friend playing with you throught TS (or any other way) It is just 100 times better. I know it isnt fully developed yet and may have some problems but I still encourage you to get this amazingg game. If you want someone to play with friend me and chack out thsi link (its to a mount and blade regiment but we almost all play verdun too)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXwomYqUQWA
,Recommended,242860,7749069,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pasta Masta,Exelent work people really need to put more than 10 minutes into playing this game before giving a review.I have had heaps of fun sneaking around trenches killing people in the deathmatch mode.Since the last update this game runs very smooth now (if your computer cant handle it maby its somthing to do with your computer ?).I am looking foward for more maps and so forth keep it up ;)
76561198036909567,Not Recommended,242860,19538409,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,p-niffy,"I really enjoyed this game until they updated it. Now you cant play the game unless you have a dedicated graphics card. I have Intel 520 graphics and the game is completely unplayable. Such a shame, I loved this game."
,Recommended,242860,17379563,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Hipster Rapunzie Bday 17 days,Really great game
,Not Recommended,242860,35374552,Posted: 1 October,all,Vito''Mafia'',Add the gore and wounded back and this game would be good but no too many cry babys saying it was bad to have that in there so they took it out the game ......
,Recommended,242860,22890479,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,That4Threat.jpeg,Battlefield 1 pre alpha
76561198124170232,Recommended,242860,13152916,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Baboo445,"love the game but, I think you should add American soldiers to the game it would make it better and really cool"
,Recommended,242860,11877671,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,10 NUMARA KRAL DELİKANLI,♥♥♥♥♥needs middle eastern front homie
,Recommended,242860,14358680,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,spire,Cool!
,Recommended,242860,11684220,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Toasty Jones,"Very fun, challenging shooter. Really lets you feel like you're in WWI."
,Recommended,242860,11741170,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,laiod,Brings out the forgotten history of WW1 that most of us overlook. Isn't finished yet but it is coming along well.Definitely worth a try.
,Recommended,242860,11943222,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Sloppy Seconds,"This is the best WW1 game I have ever played, I enjoy it a lot and I think the developers are doing a great job. I hope they keep it as realist as possible. One thing I do not understand, is why the carbines do less damage then the rifles? The German and French carbines are chambered in the same exact caliber, so unless the shots are over 300 yards the ballistics should be pretty close. Also, these maps are big and I think that this game would be a lot more fun if the servers held atleast 50 players. Im not sure if auto-balance for teams has been introduced yet, but that would be nice also. I think there needs to be more artillery in the game, as well as fixed machinegun nest/bunkers, to enhance realism. Besides those few things, the game is really on point and going the right direction. I would recommend it to any serious FPS enthusiast."
,Recommended,242860,14336111,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ThereSheBlows gamdom.com,If you like snipin with a ww2 rifle then this is the game 4 u... If you like being MLG this is 4 u... Personally I enjoy beating people up with shovels in 1080p...
,Recommended,242860,20019588,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DanLazer,10/10 Would drown in barbed wire again.
,Recommended,242860,23881516,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nick,gr8 can shoot germans! f*ck germans.10/10
76561198127611070,Recommended,242860,12471174,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,oldmankungfu,"Hi creaters (i dont know how to spell it) of Verdun. I love your game and i am a die heart fan but i found a major bug. For the past 3 or 4 days i have not been able to play Verdun because it wont load and it says its waiting to launch. Please fix the problem so i can get back to playing one of my favorite games.Your fan, Brad (or oldmankungfu39)P.S. I would like if you would write to me back saying you got this and are trying to fix the problem."
,Recommended,242860,17530491,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Franz Wersmith,"A Unique and Historically Accurate Game 10/10 Would Scream ""Fur Das Vaterland!"" And Charge for The Enemy Trench Kill 1-4 Guys Again."
,Recommended,242860,11715396,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Kappaccino,"Very good game and very addicting, although it can be historically inaccurate, i mean cmon' the French actually win sometimes."
,Not Recommended,242860,23431070,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,KAZUKI,"There are  too many bugs in this game,such as ammo is underground or the wall kill my one of my teammate"
76561198068662058,Recommended,242860,15679955,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,{HR}Raroo,>Open Verdun>Play frontlines>Die 10 times>no kills>see guy>not sure if its log>dont shoot>it was a guy>get killed from across map11/10 would have no kills again
,Recommended,242860,15617036,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,AHighRankedPenguin{TLB?},"Great game, really realistic and balanced."
,Recommended,242860,14728216,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mavnkei,add ottoman mates if you add it will be great and your game will be more exciting and better ww1 gameplay
,Recommended,242860,14687096,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Snake Plissken,This game is Amasing good gun play really fun. Play as the germans or the brits or french as you attack and defend the trenchs and cross no mans land. Buy it and help these guys finish the game you wont regert it
,Recommended,242860,8159002,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kmorae,"This FPS is actually pretty good, once you get passed some of the UI drawbacks and some of the weird symbols and screen-clutter the game is really fun. It took me about 20 minutes to get the hang of and I enjoy the game, IMO it's worth the money."
76561198043358379,Recommended,242860,8267530,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,McMfn,Too much fun.When you die you don't get mad because it’s very reasonable.Good gun mechanicsGreat intro musicGames are won through team work not a one man army
,Recommended,242860,8269163,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Illest Abyss,"A few short days ago I was speaking to my friend about how awesome it would be to have a World War 1 game.Then I found this game.It's brilliant even in its current state, and it's a terrific game. The only things I don't like, involve realism. Like who in their right mind made a gun that couldn't be reloaded until empty, and how the hell did the french come out on top with guns like that?But the size of the round definitely makes up for it.My only criticism involves controls, which are for the most part fine, just V is the melee button, and that bugs me quite frequently, as I find myself stuck in a trench with five germans, mashing all the buttons I can find to bayonet the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and I usually just end up jumping. But for now, until my dumb♥♥♥♥♥figures out how to change the keybindings, I'll just say I'm roleplaying the French and trying to get away from any violence as fast as I can. Or as they would call it, I'm performing a ""Tactical Retreat"".Overall it's a huge buy. I love this damn game, and any problems that occur only end up making it more realistic to the plight of the average soldier in such a brutal war."
,Recommended,242860,26070091,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,alahuha barbar,"I was with a friend  in a trench,shooting the counter-attacking French.We get pinned down by an MG,and when i look over to him I just see his body twitching in a pool of blood with his body covered in mud and blood. 10/10 ign"
76561198125564223,Recommended,242860,14293558,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Hoefy,I love how true this game is to the actual historic WWI
,Not Recommended,242860,20196881,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Spanish Empire,its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067271076,Recommended,242860,22005746,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Smash Or Pass,WW1 PTSD simulator
76561198273921683,Not Recommended,242860,24614981,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,JUST ANDREW,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥игра работала а потом пишет ошибка стим♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥что за?????
,Recommended,242860,21297681,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,_The_Stammler_,The most accurate great war shooter! Can't wait for Tannenberg!
,Recommended,242860,23660255,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Abu Hajaar,"I cannot recommend this game more. Some of the most intense and realistic gameplay I've found, and it's only getting better. As a history buff, I get high off this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Turn on gore, and join our weekly 64 player server with FF and bam, WW1 RO2. My favorite game by FAR."
76561198079436548,Recommended,242860,14351714,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Fraustratedcheese,This is a game woth a lot of potential and originality and that is what makes this game so much fun for me
76561198014132615,Recommended,242860,15606162,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ManSlaughter{<>},Very fun game definitely worth $20!!
,Recommended,242860,32757911,Posted: 24 June,all,Anti,BEST GAME EVER!!
,Recommended,242860,32746208,Posted: 24 June,all,VACbanistan,DANKE
76561198155955229,Not Recommended,242860,19291471,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Bind Torture Kill,Rather get cancer than play again
76561198000635298,Not Recommended,242860,22036270,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Shoei,"This game has a great idea but falls into the same problem as every FPSStick your head up in the trench - SnipedMove three feet without cover - SnipedTry to move between cover - SnipedRush the objective - SnipedMake it to the objective - Sniped9/10 you won't even know where the killing shot came fromI didn't realize everyone in WW1 was a navy seal trained sniper.Then when you make it to the objectiveMake it to the objective - Die to mortar spamMake it to the objective - Die to genade spamFighting in the trenches can be very fun when you actually get there but you'll spend so much time getting frustrated taking 4-5 steps, dying, respawning then instantly dying when you get into the objective that you'll be too♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off to enjoy it."
76561198074641771,Recommended,242860,15650931,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,krkan,"Simply awesome! Something a bit different then the usual running around with super-powerful guns and stuff - this game makes you think before you shoot, and it makes you shoot a lot before you hit anything, and it makes you want more of it all the time!"
,Recommended,242860,15190942,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TidyRich,"Good game, ambient sounds could do with beefing up a bit.  Sounds more like picking each other off in the quiet countryside than a WW1 setting."
76561198048938022,Not Recommended,242860,28574512,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,VentHorror,"Playing games since Atari VCS.This is the only game that has given me motion sickness.Must say that, by experiencing what motion sickness is for the first time, makes me feel sorry for those people that suffer from it. Thus being unable to play some very good games.The game is a unsuccessful attempt at making WWI Red Orchestra2.Animations are stuttering, Graphics are oversharpened with uniformal noise bumpmap that adds rough-surface detail to every material. Making the whole image flicker, thus preventing player's eyes from focusing.This flickering image gave me a headache in an hour of playtime.  (the only ever game that gave me a headache)Refunded the game."
,Recommended,242860,23768676,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Oboro,"""Dear mother of mine. It has been 30 days since the battle of verdun started, the shells won't stop falling, it rains, and after it gets humid, during the winters, it is bitter cold that you almost wish the germans would shoot you. The Trenches are infested with rats and there are holes in some of them that are 8 feet deep... a few times I've seen people drown in them. Food rations are running low, we've started to boil our boots and eat rats.... The Germans launched a Gas attack two times last week... it's our turn to charge into their trench... Mother, I love you, Pray that I make it home, because I fear I may not this time. Your son, Earl."""
76561198130738832,Not Recommended,242860,18192679,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Stewie2k,game sick af bud would recomend 10/10 would bang
76561198032096394,Not Recommended,242860,21510950,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,a_weigel82,No single player. Overall gameplay is clunky.
76561198208956857,Recommended,242860,21140601,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Weaponized Meme,"Pretty cool game, get to play as canadiansGet to gas trenchesMany qucikscope battlesGet points for retreating (The french will love that)-Gave me PTSD and Shellshock along with trench footIGN"
76561198072059691,Not Recommended,242860,22490837,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The Crimson Lord,"The Good:-Unique setting-Large amount of authentic weaponsThe Bad:-Poor optimisationThe Ugly:-Terrible hitboxes (to name one example. a grenade might kill two men, but not one who was right next to the two that died)-Pointless cover objects (you can apparently shoot through anything and everything; craters, dugouts, etc.)-Damage inconsistencies (a bullet is a bullet: if one bullet can kill, that should be the case, right? Not in this game)Summary: avoid this game like the plague if you want to come out of it still sane.EDIT: No, you don't even need hacks to make cover meaningless, althought I'm certain people are using hacks to do so. The devs simply couldn't be bothered to make cover do anything besides provide something to walk upon."
76561198093602667,Recommended,242860,19205138,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,GreyDog58,Get shotGet shot againfinnaly make it out of the trench only to be shotDied to a grenadeDied to a grenade againKilled an enemyGot mowed down my machine guns8/8 volvo nerf MP18
,Recommended,242860,24347875,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,drunk and eating ramen,battlefield 1 is lookin to be pretty good
76561198002662155,Not Recommended,242860,25034676,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Cactus Jack,"Awful gun physics, awful graphics, confusing interface.4.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,23687155,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,StrictlyPlatonicLove,"Played the game.Was pinned down in a trench by snipers and Machine guns.Artillary then blew my squad mates to bits, leaving their mangled bodies screaming in the mud.Contemplated on going out or running away.NCO gave order to attack.Ran out and had my arm blown off.10/10 would die a horrific death again."
,Recommended,242860,15851154,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Krimbin,best QikscPing Simlator Evr.Wood PlAy gam agan.I f33l sm4rtr rfter prayin dis.8/10 Dowitos
76561198099077745,Recommended,242860,14996659,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Dorazio77,"Hey, you want to play a WWI game. Look no further. The awsomness of this game is to awsome to even awsomly express. The graphics, the guns everything is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING. Make a squad with friends and play agianst others. This is so sick. If you have no friends no worry. you can just join a random squad. There is only one flaw. Gas is underpowered. Either they should make that it takes faster to reload or make masks longer to put on. That is the one and only flaw in the entir amazingness of this game.8/8"
76561198099006967,Recommended,242860,18648200,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Otis,"Just a fun game to play, new to see a WW1 fps, I absolutely love it, i recommend it for anyone interested in history, or just wanna try something new."
,Recommended,242860,20282818,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cockney Toad,Wonderful game that nails the ww1 setting right on the head
,Recommended,242860,20380112,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,omwtoMars,"I had my eye on this game for a long time. When it went on sale, the history freak inside me forced me to buy it. The game is beautiful. It is everything I wanted and more. It could use a bit more players, but you´re never in an empty match."
76561198035761512,Recommended,242860,20112009,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,rexy,"Really good and fun game, worth EVERY penny!!!  They have more AU servers now, which is fantastic!!! More would be even better!!!  Keen to see it prosper and grow !! =D"
76561198170856943,Not Recommended,242860,18198715,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,rickyj599,to easy to get killed by rifles unless you know what to do
76561198048700838,Not Recommended,242860,21192688,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,...,Poor all round. Also can't get refund screen up as it fails to load that page....wtg steam
,Recommended,242860,19685785,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Lieutenant_Pats,"Great game, new content update was awesome. Wish they'd add controller support but thats not bad. WARNING! This game can be extremely difficult at first.I love this game so much, if devs put out another expansion that costs I would gladly pay for it (i mean hopefully they'd be free, but hey, I'll support these devs). The devs are ultra-responsive on the forums and even will sometimes play with you in game.Observation/noticing tiny moments is key to getting kills from distance. That tiny spec in the distance? Probably should shoot at it. Boom. Turned out to be a sprinting German soldier! Reaction time is key in the trenches.Also. Even if you dont have a mic. Watch the chat (especially if you are new), you can get tips.To succeed in this game, dont be an idiot, play smart, listen to the veterans.Buy the game, and look for me in the trenches."
76561198027132444,Not Recommended,242860,28500997,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,I Am A Genderfluid Bearkin Now,"Well since the devs decided to annoy me about leaving a review every time I close the game, I think I will.If you're looking for historical accuracy, then this is your game. It's the closest we'll probably ever get to a decent ww1 game.Otherwise it's extremely mediocre. First, the servers are dominated by clans who are either very good or aimbotting- either way it matters little, as 2 or more full squads of experienced players can just obliterate a pub.Second the hitreg is beyond irritating. Putting aside the frequency of snipes from seemingly nowhere, stuff like melee and nades are as far from reliable as can be. Often I'll die by my own nade that was 10 feet away, while an MGer will somehow survive three nades at a similar distance.In the end my biggest gripe is you are just ALWAYS. FREAKING. DEAD. I've spent far more time waiting in respawn to play than in any game I can remember. Whether you wait carefully in the trenches or charge in you will be sniped, killed by arty and occasionally naded by some guy who just randomly jumped onto you from NML.Overall while I can appreciate this game as a fan of histoy, as a gamer I just don't think it holds up."
,Not Recommended,242860,24636000,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Psyfonik,"its ok, the lack of a real player base is hurting this game, they need to extend there map pool with maps not just in trenches(yes i understand that the game is named verdun) but to me personaly the trench warfare in this game has turned into a twitch shooter. maybe they could make a map where your battling through a village. i like the game though but id get red orcastra 2 or something like that. (or even BF1)"
,Recommended,242860,26305154,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tha Chef ray,better than♥♥♥♥♥♥field one
,Recommended,242860,23790321,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TLMCPLAGUEUK,its a good game
,Recommended,242860,10551125,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,skittle,"Played the game for like 3 minutes before creaming my trousers. Game is intense as hell, would recommend it to anyone who enjoys absolutely abolishing the arsenal of the average gamer. Not for babies or lil girls."
76561198018580181,Recommended,242860,12365480,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,smudger40k,"Great game, Interesting as its set in WW1 which i have never seen before.. definately worth buying 10/10"
76561197968945836,Recommended,242860,15664133,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,bird2jet,"First you go Get a Gun, then you Look for a Hun, in the game called Hunting the Hun."
76561198149648193,Recommended,242860,15175561,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,TRITONZz x SA,"This is the best game on steam if you want an authentic ww1 experience. It captures the horrors of WW1 brilliantly and should be more popular. Don't be put off by this game because battlefield 1 is out because battlefield 1 has a very different aproach to WW1. This game concentates on attacking the enmy trench and then them counter attacking and so forth. People may be put off by the price because it is sort of an indie game but its definitely working its way higher up the popurality ladder. I would reconmend this game to anyone who is in to WW1, or just wants to play WW1 in an authentic way. 8/10 overall, 10/10 authenticity."
,Recommended,242860,26224010,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,GrimHaunting,amazing! go buy it. If your reading this your wasting time on playing this game.
,Not Recommended,242860,30933008,Posted: 3 April,all,Cheatstar123jr BETS.GG,It is advertise as awsome but really is pretty boring.
,Recommended,242860,22040022,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,BlazeItMario,best game evre 1010101010/1010101010 IGN
76561198030300725,Recommended,242860,7861063,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Dutchgamer_18,Nice game cant wait for the gas warfare!
,Recommended,242860,7881133,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,MS-06F Zaku-II,"Now that the game is where it is now, I have to say, this is one of the best games to have consistent success from being in a simple concept stage, to greenlight, to early access, and finally to where it is now. I saw this game grow from the beginning and it's a nice simple multiplayer shooter to get into for fun, and the trench warfare as it's presented here isn't boring in the slightest (unlike how people predicted WWI video games to turn out)Other than that, the usual joke about this game straining your eyesight to shoot or be shot still applies to this day, lol."
,Recommended,242860,7855423,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Genital Grievous,Absolutely brilliant! One of the better games I've played!
,Recommended,242860,8581071,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Banterous Lad,ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
,Recommended,242860,7836570,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Kurt Steiner,"Awesome game, can't wait for the full version"
76561198058816682,Recommended,242860,7857603,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Face-Melting Build Tool,"I have to say, for a three person developed beta game, this is amazing. There are very few WWI FPS's out there, but this one is great. Though if you weren't allready interested in WWI to begin with, it might not draw you in, but if you were, you will enjoy the hell out of it."
,Recommended,242860,7841295,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,littlebigman,A game a little different from other games  since many of the weopons are ranged but primitive  compared to modern day.
76561198078483437,Recommended,242860,7855894,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RedRichthofen117,"Trench warfare has never been this much fun!Pros:- Fun gameplay- good community- WWI- decent graphicsCons:- Glitches (still a beta though)- hard to find a full gameIn short, I would reccomend this to anyone like me who has been praying for a good WWI shooter."
76561198031572060,Recommended,242860,11245214,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Womb Raider ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Unique shooter like no other, if you like bolt action rifles, teamwork and fed up with modern shooters, but still enjoy that arcade/realism feel? This is for you.  Commited Devs and an awesome community!"
76561198034607058,Recommended,242860,18848795,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[RSE] Big Memer,"It's by far the best WW1 shooter, it's a shame it was released the game before they ver dun with it..."
,Recommended,242860,25251394,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bohenno,No one is an atheist when the enemy drops a shell of gas in your trench and charge.
76561197980170370,Recommended,242860,17947631,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Pansytron,Chlorine gas drops. I put on my gas mask. My FPS drops to 10. My screen is a choppy green haze. Couldn't see the guy who shot me.10/10 Would die again.
,Not Recommended,242860,21692121,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Etarnity Larva,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game
76561198161937075,Not Recommended,242860,19738377,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,anderson_camando,Comprei o jogo no incio deste mês só que o jogo não esta funcionando.
,Not Recommended,242860,19737844,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,WALN Zell,"If you look at the trailer for this game, then go an play it, you'll be dissapointed. It is nothing like what the trailer shows. These huge groups of men charging and dying are nowhere to be found. All these kills in the trailer are probably set up, since you will never hit anybody when you start playing. Oh but the guys who've been here for a while and got lucky can 360 no skope you from across the map. Speaking of which, these servers are filled with hacker callers. Claiming that everytime they get killed, it's a hacker. Honestly, I don't blame them. When I first played it, the FPS was fine, but everyone moved like a potato being carried by twelve snails, unless of course, it was the enemy team. Now you may just say I suck at the game, but I swear, you can get shot while behind a wall by someone who isn't there. You can die in a trech by being shot by someone who isn't there. And the only kills I got were AFK players or players that were new and didn't know how to turn invisible yet. ""Where's John? Oh! There 'e is! He's behind that bloody bush! Hey John! Do you like our crap playermodels that can't be seen until we're at bayonet range! I think he crashed. That's alright chap, we'll wait for ya!"" [Meanwhile, on the other side of no man's land. ""My f*cking face is on fire! John! You British ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! How did you learn such skills!"" In short, you log in, you get shot. You respawn, you get shot. You respawn again and manage not to die in the first four seconds, then get shot in the face by John. You respawn and look out at no man's land, wondering why you paid $22 for a death simulator. I'd love it if the developers put in some kind of screen where you can see how you died. If they put that in, I can assure you that 97% of the time, you'd see a floating rifle on the other side of the side of a trench. Probably put there to make the game more realistic. In WWI, you'd never know when you'd buy the farm, but by God by the time you've bought twenty farms, you'll get to make someone else by a farm, then you'll by another. Do not buy this game! Done!PS. This game has a lobby interface only its mother could love. Who should we join? The Germans! Now let's see, uh.............................I guess I'll join this squad. Why am I a Canadian?"
76561197966268496,Not Recommended,242860,19341252,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dcode,The concept is an interesting one. Very little games persue the WWI experience so kudos to the developers for taking this on. Sadly I couldn't get past the games technical issues to get into it. Great concept spoiled by a terrible engine. The render performance of the Unity engine is rubbish. Barely scrapes more than 55FPS on a 980 Ti and that is at its absolute best as well. Most of the time it chugs along at 44FPS which I wouldn't mind but the graphics are not exactly out of this world. Other issues I have are mainly down to the controls. There is no lean function and for a game that takes emphasis on realism there is no free aim and you are allowed to use crosshairs. Other games such as Red Orchestra 2 take on this genre much better despite RO2's limited trench maps. Maybe the developers should look at using Unreal Engine 4 moving forward.
76561197993255329,Not Recommended,242860,19435656,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,McBain,"Nice idea, probally the best WW1 out atm but game is just not playable even on a good system.  (GTX960)  If your system can handle it it can be a great squad based game, its no COD or BTField.  A very 1 shot 1 kill game. I hope the devs keep working on it, but till then advise to keep your pennys."
,Recommended,242860,23953027,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Gavrilo [SRB] (Not in Serbia :(,">playing french grenadier>prone, taking heavy german MG fire>everyone dead, except me and squad leader>get really close to german trench>dead bodies, and barbed wire everywhere>german grenadier slams a grenade across no-mans land>lands right infront of my face>♥♥♥♥this.jpg>bolt up>turn around>caught in barbed wire from above>SL just eyeing me as i'm about to be obliterated>struggling to hard for the few seconds of life>explode into 5 pieces>all land directly onto squad leader>'lol'10/10 would permanently scar players again"
,Recommended,242860,30201353,Posted: 26 February,all,Zambie,"This here is how WW1 is suposed to be, harsh trench warfare. Although Battlefield 1 may win on content and gameplay value, this game is 100x more accurate and realistic. You die when you are shot, you aren't the normal bullet sponge most games make you, there are a variety of classes and different weaponry ranging from Mgs, rifles, smg(1), shotgun(1), flamewthrower, snipers, revolvers and lugers and bunch other pistols. you can call in artillary, gas, smoke, mortars and there are a variety of grenades for you to choose from on some classes. on top of all that there are a decent number of maps. although this game will be hard to understand for most starting off, give it a couple games and you'll get it."
76561198140952196,Recommended,242860,32722154,Posted: 24 June,all,JOE farmskins.com,"This game is great, and is very intense and is very realistic and i would of paid the full price if it were not for the sale! :)"
76561198142790065,Recommended,242860,12113261,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Mr Green,This game does a great job on depicting world war 1 and if you like these types of games it is a must buy
76561198026642517,Recommended,242860,21636587,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Youtube Famous,You can almost feel the maggot-infested wounds and Hitlers presence.10/10
76561197992674721,Recommended,242860,7339660,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,DDD,"This is the best WW1 game ever created for 100 pourcent sure !! and maybe on of the best futur fps ever. The developpers put all their heart into this, you can tell !! The atmosphere as soon as you drop in the menu with that old ww1 music will get you so warm and good feeling + the maps are exquise and the weapons feel and sound absolutely fantastic !!Support these developpers and buy this pure jewel, about nobody puts so much heart into a game these days, you deserve yoursel a copy of Verdun !"
76561198128989347,Recommended,242860,21733623,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ZXD_Ninja Tuna,"this game has what recent war FPS games lack. Classic WW I trenches, squads, bolt action rifles, and actual war feeling. Not like COD where you run around aimlessly not caring about the objective, besides no enemy can go behind you. This game needs to be polished."
,Recommended,242860,11465140,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Tidreit,This Game is so far brill!
,Recommended,242860,16460456,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,❋Guildam❋,Unlike cod everyone is silent yet everyone is still banging your mom
76561198106477463,Recommended,242860,30417511,Posted: 9 March,all,smollleaf,i uesd to have problems with crashing but the game is very fun and is worth 5 stars
,Recommended,242860,30417559,Posted: 9 March,all,Otto Weidelich,Best trench simulator ever.10/10 deaths
76561198023765281,Recommended,242860,20306509,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Xfinity Indent-655321,10/10 Great game with a fun community who constantly reflect on how Zionism left unchecked caused the deaths of 17 million soldiers and civilians.
76561198175192782,Not Recommended,242860,30759583,Posted: 26 March,all,TomsorialKIng,For 24.99 dollers not worth it.
,Recommended,242860,16700478,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MeGaPuRe,Worth buying!! buy it if you don't frogs will take over the world
,Recommended,242860,14814972,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Mega Shark,SUPER FUN WW1 SHOOTER lots of fun
76561198144131309,Recommended,242860,23211011,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,profile name,"Interesting, compelling FPS set in WW1.  The single FPS set in this era until the new Dice game is released. I just have a single con regarding this game, and that's the choice of the engine. The unity engine isnt suited for an FPS, they should consider switching to unreal or another engine in the sequel."
,Recommended,242860,28423869,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,sexy ass ginger man,Screaming simulation 2017 the best world war 1 game
,Recommended,242860,25212516,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,R3vo,"Good game, becomes a great game if you know the people in your squad."
,Recommended,242860,25225475,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MRGr0za,"39fps with a gtx1080 i7 6700k, gg, cant max out only reason its a good review is because its a good game, needs more optimisation"
76561198073141249,Not Recommended,242860,18432394,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,memelord420,its decent i guess
76561198026048450,Not Recommended,242860,18316640,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,{E-Z}Poli,"UG, everything ww1 was not."
,Not Recommended,242860,19742675,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Stirling,"it is a cool idea, the only way it would work awesome if they had a better working engine and servers that are based near the US, its very buggy and the melee doesnt work, and the aiming is awesome but i will shoot at someone and know i dont hit them and end up killing them anyway."
76561198003554176,Not Recommended,242860,20542672,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Feuer76,"It is ok for what it is, interesting premises and somewhat okeish execution...except the problem lies with infantry movement across battlefield.For a game where infantry is everything, moving a cross hilly batllefields and crowded trenches too often becomes a nightmare...soldiers move like turtles high on acid. Bouncing around gets even worse when lag hits which also happens too often in this game.. i assume netcode is not optimised or just bad.On the good side gunfights are interesting and while seeting is appealing if only that soldier movement was better..."
,Recommended,242860,32105155,Posted: 1 June,all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell",Verdun = Generation KillBattlefield 1 = The Expendables
,Recommended,242860,19982769,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,C.H.U.D,I love the game but i wish it had killcams so i can see where im constantly getting killed from
,Recommended,242860,25220301,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,K_F,How to play Verdun:step 1: dieStep 2: get gassedStep 3:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rush the enemy trenchstep 4: profit
,Recommended,242860,10338046,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Limey21,"A great game from devs that care, buy it today!"
76561197988609440,Not Recommended,242860,24093439,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Meowcenary,"This game sells itself on being a brutal trench combat shooter. From all the descriptions and screenshots you see one can expect somthing like Red Orchastera WW1 edition. This idea by itself is pretty appealing. The problem lies however in it's exectution.Verdun is in serious need of polish, the controls feel unresponsive, AI is buggy and latency is all over the damn place. if i'm playing with some dude from south korea i can expect things to be buggy and latency to be bad but I dont expect to be seeing teleporting AI when i'm playing just with people from MY CITY.Which brings me to a big complaint. There are no Bots. This is a game that screams bots, they should be there mixed amongst the players to create scenes of chaos amidst the battle field. but instead we only have one game mode where they show up and that mode gets ruined by how they ALL rush the same area at the same time making a proper defense nearly impossible, you'll get off 1 shot they'll get off 13.And the regular multiplayer rooms? Best get ready to have 1 of two things happen.1. A standoff where you and occasionally your teammates get picked off by a guy you never saw repeatedly2. Get spawn♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in trenches.Thats pretty much it. On top of this you can't even just dive into regular TDM off the bat to stretch your legs. they lock all the weapons in these modes making you use ""Career points"" to unlock them forcing you to play the horrible attrition mode where you are only allowed to mill around confined and highly predictable areas that the defenders (Who will soon be attackers) take advantage of.Even with all these problems i could look past them if the controls were at least solid. But they aren't they are awful. You routinely get stuck on the enviroment, youre aiming bugs out regularly and after trying my hardest to figure it out i can't even tell if the game has any kind of ballistics.I just can't recommend this game to anyone. its just not fun."
,Recommended,242860,32098231,Posted: 31 May,all,ftstani,"This game is all about penetrating deep into the opposing trenches before the artillery blows you into heaven. There are several game modes, such as rifle deathmatch, or squad-based trench combat. It seems to me to play like a standard shooter. For example, in rifle death match you are simply running about and shooting. No one is playing this like it's WWI in the servers I've been in. I will give it a thumbs up for effort. The Tannenberg expansion looks interesting."
,Recommended,242860,10910438,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SGT America,"On 6/28/2014 I give this game a 6/10.  It is an incomplete game right now though.Pros:-Interesting take on squad play and teamwork.-Trench warfare done the way it should be.-Environment feels like WW1-Leveling system for weapons and player-All around fun gameCons:-There is no crouch-run.  If you are crouched and try to run you stand straight up.  In a game based on trench warfare the crouch run HAS TO BE THERE.-Moving from prone to running in order to do 3-5 second rush while traveling across open ground is somewhat glitchy and needs to be smoothed out.-The character models are terrible, however I read that they are working on new character models right now that will be out soon.-THERE IS NO IN GAME VOICE CHAT!!!!!!!!!!  The game is based on teamwork and cooperation, but we cant talk to each other without stopping what we are doing and typing.  I know that there are VOIP programs, but I just want to join a game and play with people I dont want to join a clan just so I can talk to people.-The enemy is far too visible at long distance.  If you stick your head out of the trench, you will be shot at within a few seconds no matter if the team is on the complete opposite side of the map.  This is probably still related to my character models issue from earlier.  The characters look like cartoons and the environment looks much more realistic than the character models."
76561198070923818,Recommended,242860,34873702,Posted: 10 September,all,Depressed Chinaman,"He's not hacking, he's just zab"
76561198166570046,Recommended,242860,34867342,Posted: 10 September,all,morrisgump,Fun game. Addictive and challenging. Tense as hell at times
,Recommended,242860,13444791,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Klinghoffer™,You like world War 1? You like fps games? You like mortering oppenents? Buy this.
76561198261817814,Recommended,242860,19152127,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,dirtyd110,This game is awesome...Took me about an hour to get the hang of it. Highly recommend!
76561197986181055,Not Recommended,242860,34174515,Posted: 11 August,all,MrDirectX,"After watching several video's, and reading hundreds of reviews I decided to give this game a change.  The added bonus was the games native Linux support since I switched from the Windows platform almost a year ago.  At present I am giving this game a negative review, due to the broken state across all Linux platforms, and when I mean broke the game is actually unplayable.  After extensive testing on various Linux distro's to include various flavors of Ubuntu 16.04.2, Linux Mint 18.2, Manjaro, and Arch whereas none of the menu options respond to either mouse or keyboard input.  This issue is reproducible on every major distro, and the dev's have perpetuated the pretty pathetic excuse of ""we updated to unity xxx, it's your problem"" providing no actual fix action.  Finally while the game works flawlessly on Windows, the current state on Linux, and lack of support from developers warrants a down vote until these severe issues are fixed on Linux."
,Not Recommended,242860,28456632,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Paco,"Optimiziation and networking really sux,gameplay is good but those two things really impact on gameplay"
,Recommended,242860,16463738,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dank,Barbed Wire Simulator
76561198127303977,Recommended,242860,19425683,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Zulu_Zz,Great game. There is alot of realism involved wich can at times make the game boring but still fun.
76561198082516814,Recommended,242860,17985151,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Alex The Onion,Well it's the best multiplayer WWI shooter I've played :)
76561198084082189,Recommended,242860,16916960,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Proudyy,"Personally, I really enjoy this game.I play it on my own, which does make it harder as having team mates to chat with would make it LOADS easier. But nonetheless, it is a fun game. At first you will die loads, even after loads of hours you will die loads. Graphics and maps look excellent, you can almost imagine what it was like during WW1. I recommend to anyone.I prefer this any day over the over used futuristic crap that comes out now."
76561198112961325,Recommended,242860,18231654,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,-Pink Guy-,Great game. Intence and fun.
76561198049966498,Not Recommended,242860,30640237,Posted: 20 March,all,LuckyLou86,Loved it but had to request a refund. Had it for 3 days and all 3 days all the servers in every region were dead. Biggest match I had was with 4 other people. Overall good game but no one seems to be playing it.
,Recommended,242860,15631169,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Kurt von Schabar,Simply Great
,Recommended,242860,22205627,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Peppasvepp,"worst game ever, friend bought game with my muney how pay here???"
76561198208751735,Recommended,242860,22057966,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,buzacon,The new update that has come out has some great new content such as gore america adn many other squads and weaponds. But this new update has does have its downs since the release the have been many bugs poping up here and there. The fps is crap since the update and for some people the game freazes as a result I have to restart my computor. Also when entering a new game it is common for some people to be just stuck waiting and not being able to enter the game. Hopefully in time the developers will fix this problem which anoys the crap out of me and others who experience this issue. and for new people that have only just got ths game in the last update and are experiecing these problems dont abandon this game it will get better if the developers will get of their asses and fix this problem before it gets worse.
76561198123234392,Recommended,242860,16218926,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Belisarius,"I swear, I've never seen a WW1 game in my gaming life. This.. It's revolutionary. I love it.PROS:-Realistic Uniforms-Good sound-Good guns-Active developers-Intense combat (like really intense)CONS:-1 player squads- Hit boxes are sometimes weird.All in all, I'd rate this game a 8/10.With some improvements, could be the best military shooter out on the market."
,Recommended,242860,13644398,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheSwagTeam,"Good Game, realistic weapons with decent classes. Should add in secondary weapon for each class."
76561198134979191,Not Recommended,242860,22243525,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SPACEBAAT,"This game gets less and less fun with each update, or maybe with each update I think 'oh i'll try Verdun again' and the resulting disappointment feels fresh and new. It was best when I played it in alpha or whatever on Kongregate and even then it wasn't great but at least it was free. Core gameplay problems remain but they keep adding new garbage to it, like 'new melee weapons' but melee mechanics are still just as trash as in 2013. I played it religiously back then and I'm sure I'll jump back in next update because I keep hoping it'll play better but I really can't recommend this."
76561198127285659,Recommended,242860,17360421,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Baedolph Hitler,10/10 was blinded by gas then killed by mortar fire
76561198258732612,Recommended,242860,21590015,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Skagdog,"If you hate all the futuristic crap like on B03, buy this game! It's fun, addictive and most of all immersive, you feel as though you're fighting on the western front! It's by far the best WW1 shooter on Steam!"
76561198023662598,Recommended,242860,21595699,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,dream cream,hoagie man loves this game even if he gets massacred by hitler and stoners
76561198076225385,Recommended,242860,16026960,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,milovsky,"very fun, yet sometimes frustrating game where you die a lot! worth a buy anyway because it can be satisfying when you win/do well"
76561198077956085,Recommended,242860,13680251,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,FlammmablePig,The hitboxes are off and the graphics are crap but its a hell of a lot of fun
,Recommended,242860,21131731,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,「Smug Best Girl」,"Playing this game got me thinking, you know.""If this was an actual war, i would have died a thousand times over""In all seriousness, the new expansion is amazing. New weapons (Now with FLAMETHROWERS), smoother animation, and a bot-defense coop game mode.This is something history enthusiasts should consider picking up."
76561198190797179,Recommended,242860,22068404,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Soviet_spy,good game new update is great
76561198073500891,Recommended,242860,21937842,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,BluNights,"Dear Mama,Me and my new friend Pierre have found much past time in these trenches, With jerries only hundreds of yards we play cards to past to shifts. I have eaten the tinned food the homefront has sent to us. I have only lost three toes to trench foot, im a lucky one. One night me and Pierre were on night duty, his wife sent cigarettes he lit them and we heard a gun shot. I look across no mans land and see nothin, I look at Pierre, but there was no Pierre just a limp body and brain matter in the puddles of the trench. Tomorrow, I will charge across no mans land with my comrades. In good time we will be able to take the trench and wait for those new american marines to arrive.(next letter)Dear sorry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s mama,Your son tried to be a hero and take out an enemy machine gun while screaming a rather battlecry, ""leeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrroooooooy Jenkiiiiiiiiins"", he said. Little did the krauts know he held a live grenade on the way in. He left me with the following message to you."" 10/10 would get ripped in half by machine gun again"""
76561198131061036,Recommended,242860,22129515,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DANKZELDA,This game is soooooooooooooooooooo much fun if you play COD i dont recomond its alot harder do to one bullet killing you its fun if you enjoy ww1 and fps it has a Star Wars battlefront 2015 sort of thing were ou buy weapons and use them as an faction.
,Recommended,242860,30722032,Posted: 25 March,all,lods of emone,"Is good game, buy it."
,Recommended,242860,16781774,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,testoo7,+1
76561198075535739,Recommended,242860,28911455,Posted: 1 January,all,[95thNY.CoA]Cpt.Ross,Good realistic 1st person shooter really enjoyable. + would recommend.
,Recommended,242860,20686039,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Artyom Donavich,Beat a Frenchman to death with a shovel10/10 good German experiance
76561198065750900,Recommended,242860,15602657,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,<UGA> phatpanz,"Absolutely fantastic game, had it since early access and it keeps getting better and better, would highly recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,242860,16460299,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Abdul The Destroyer,Get stuck in a bunker.Get mustard gassed.Put on Gasmask.Can't see anything.Get shot.Respawn.Get shot again.Respawn.Get destroyed by a mortar.Y'know.. It could be worse.
,Recommended,242860,16461022,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NachosPizza69,>Be me spawning for first time after buying game>run toward first trench>try to jump over fence right in front of me>get caught in own team's barbed wire>die10/10 will jump into barbed wire again and again
76561198080461291,Recommended,242860,18718257,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sketchy,10 four tenNot bad
76561198072793384,Recommended,242860,18253649,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Arlo the Big Island,"Welcome to verdun the only good WW1 fps that is fun and hard. This game is bacislly like Hero's of Stalingrad but WW1 instead of WW2. It is fun,hard and easy to die. You can get into a squad with freinds or join a random squad. Each squad member has their own pro's and cons. Also their is 2 different types of squad fo the allies and central powers. There is even gas warfare with you having to put own a gas mask I give this a 7.75/10."
76561198038305382,Recommended,242860,4509911,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Game Mogul,Geiler als BF3 :D
76561198071416315,Recommended,242860,11469285,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Shiny Charizard,intense!
76561198220632349,Recommended,242860,20708416,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,:Blood-type-B:,"Pretty fun, but it's better if friends play it with you"
76561198243635548,Recommended,242860,20712410,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Packrat527,"Its like cancer... Fun, annoying, rage indusing cancer..."
76561198062359124,Recommended,242860,11880901,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,44Alex99,Very fun and the new updated just make it better.
,Recommended,242860,20714718,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kevyson,"The Best WWI Game Ever, Best Played With Friends This WWI Game Takes You Back In Time, You Will Get Trench Foot (Not Really You'll Die Before That Happens) It Has A Great Squad System That Works Really Well And If You Don't Own This Game Your Missing Out!"
,Recommended,242860,8467390,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DogBoyGenius,"Great game so far, especially fun with a few friends. The squad system helps people work together, making the gameplay enjoyable. Still in Alpha as of this review, but definativly worth a buy."
76561198092559207,Recommended,242860,22912439,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,The-Fire-Rises,I love this game. 10/10 for getting to storm trenches with bayonets.
76561198211692737,Recommended,242860,20711255,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,slammered.,"Love this game! But i think you guys should add something in im not sure what tho, just to get more people online!"
,Recommended,242860,20740083,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Sir Steven (TTR/WPMA),very fun but could use better sights and maps also it should have more game modes but besides that its really fun to play with fun
,Recommended,242860,15617453,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Eliminator,"Basically all you would want in a WW1 shooter.hopefully later down the line the maps get bigger and possibly adding crew served weapons like hotchkiss MGs or Maxims. hell maybe even a flamethrower. how they would balance that idk.Squad customization is a bit confusing to me and i kinda wish I could just unlock the later uniforms for myself rather than the squad which usually disbands after a match or two.Most important gripe  is they are missing my broomhandle mauser. like wtf guys, you can give it to the strosstruppen and give the british grenadier the 1911 in .455 webley8/10go get it plox i need friends to play this with me"
,Recommended,242860,16484423,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Born2Four,Buy this game! I have 143 Games in my steam library..And this one's my favorite..
76561198044455961,Recommended,242860,15528017,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,BabyPunter,I'm Verdone with this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198057880327,Recommended,242860,13694974,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bonk D/2/506,"this game is beautiful and its only a beta, no matter how long its been in early access! Well worth it."
76561198081842068,Recommended,242860,15279338,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Lord Giroud,This game is great i loved almost everly moment of it. 9/10.
76561197978843039,Recommended,242860,17872086,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,s[i]c,very nice
76561198035282338,Recommended,242860,12222304,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,AFK-Brain,A realy godd FPS about the First war !I hope they create a section for the eastern front.
,Recommended,242860,22019571,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Iggy Nai Jiggah,awesome
,Recommended,242860,13697307,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nero_,"This game feels really good for being in beta. At first you might be pretty lost on what's going on but once you figure some stuff out and playing coordinated with all the different classes it feels great. I'm really looking forward to what the future holds, but right now I'm really enjoying it."
76561198039537352,Recommended,242860,15795493,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Guess5050,I give this a 8/10!Its frontline mode brings the yet most authentic WW1 trench experience. The game is definitely one of the most tactical FPS I have played. Being all gun-ho without thinking is more likely to get you shot than getting any kills here.I would have given it a full score if they had tanks too.
,Recommended,242860,16463109,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Crixus,"Threw grenades every game, finally got a kill with one.10/10 would throw more grenades"
76561197976536351,Not Recommended,242860,20095094,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,srdjanmax,"Fix the horrendous lag and I will change my review to ""thumbs up"""
76561198030329868,Recommended,242860,12138440,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Podd Bronson,Some of the most brutal and fast paced combat I've ever seen in a game. Its incredibly fun and will keep you on the edge of your seat as entire battles can turn in anyones favour in an instant.
,Recommended,242860,23441244,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Gibsonamaze1,great game
,Recommended,242860,22845963,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,✠  Matthew ✠,The best part of this game is the angry screaming Germans.
76561198018513501,Recommended,242860,12224771,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Anmia,"I thouroughly enjoyed it!I recomend buying it, but maybe wait a while until some issues have been fixed.It is quite realistic, with newcomers having to learn the hard way, just as in the trenches.The most realistic part, though might have been a bug, was when the german trenches were empty (no one on other team).The squad xp system is neat, but don't notice it as people come and go too fast."
76561198005148157,Recommended,242860,11801279,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,`Blittzd,"Like war games? Sick of COD? Play verdun, you will NOT be disappointed."
76561198089175142,Recommended,242860,12216996,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Sir Nic,"Extremely good game, been in since the begining of the beta and have seen all the wonderful changes that have been made. There is nothing better than seeing a game flourish and this game has certainly done that. The best part is seeing how involved the creators are with the comunity."
,Recommended,242860,12142393,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,xXxKlemminator6969xXx,"I like it. You dont see any WWI shooters which look playable and fun. Verdun finally brings a decent WWI game in the markets. The game is still in Alpha (or Beta?) stage and it looks great. The graphics are decent, but you should be able to run the game just fine on an average computer. The mechanics are alright, on the game recieves constant updates which polish it, add new content or fix bugs. Definitly worth cheking out. I'd rate it an 8 out of 10 the way it is atm."
76561198070134801,Recommended,242860,12195688,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Icy Maverick,"Amazing. Great World War I shooter with a few bugs ahere and there. However, those get patched fairly quickly with new content added. Immersive with native language of soldiers speaking."
76561198067818193,Recommended,242860,12221177,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Macho_Man_Randy_Savage,"absolutley amazing game, realistic, well researched and above all historicaly accurate. In a market flooded by call of duty spin offs its refreshing to see a new take on the fps genre, a must have for any history buff. Set in the horrors of the western front you'll be diving for cover from screaming shells, fending off waves of merciless attackers, and doning your gas mask in a terror ridden panic as gas engulf's you and your commrades."
76561198130706990,Recommended,242860,12227775,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,C0naN 0006,"It's World War one set to a ballance in brilliant historic concepts. Never before has a game nailed the intensity of Trench Warefare. Verdun takes the history and slams it together with 32 people multiplayer (it's only in beta) and recreates one of the most iconic styles of warefare. Of course, it's much more fast past than Trench Warefare in reality (who would sit in a trench for months in a video game) and uses the objectives as a way to advoid being another generic FPS. I can't begin to imagine the research gone into this large project. One thing's for sure: it's a damn good game and will sure be one hell of title when complete. I totally endorse this game. Why wouldn't I recommend it? Buy the game and try it for yourself. Great job developers! Keep of you excellent work."
76561198086925213,Recommended,242860,16376386,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nickmerritt38,"I like this game, when i have time i play when i can. Its just what i do not understand is how I can shot at my enemy first, be dead on him, but my the enemy shoots at me half a second later and hits me dead on. In a matter of seconds. The other thing, I do not see how when you look off into the distance all I see is fog. Granted I have never been in combat but I know for a fact that there was not fog 24/7 on the battle field. Other then that good game."
,Recommended,242860,16462407,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[REDi]1R LCPL Rudolf Hess,Is preeeeeeeeeee gooooo
,Recommended,242860,16469987,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Trigger || Redskapstilten,Got verdun and got gassedStabbedExecutedblown upShot from a unknown location10/10
76561198098083485,Recommended,242860,16470123,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,christian 1212,good game
76561198106307600,Recommended,242860,16470524,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,shoot n scoot,"This game really does a good job at seperating the men from the boys.For sure not a ""Call of Duty""-esque game, and more of a Battlefield feel with smaller but sufficiently large maps."
76561198031652854,Recommended,242860,16473082,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sandor Clegane,like RO2? buy this.
76561198046668868,Recommended,242860,16474742,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Heisenberg,"I really like this game alot, for 2 main reasons. The first; it tries something rather novel, WWI is a setting that is seldom seen in shooters. The second is that the gameplay is solid, deathmatches with a bolt action rifle are so tense and it really portrays the chaos of trench warfare well. Solid game!"
76561198116976622,Recommended,242860,16475262,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mr. Garry23296,Great historical game if you like historic shooters this is the game for you.8/10
76561198084453688,Recommended,242860,16476080,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DanHarrison,"Brilliant at everything! The negative reviews are all from sore loosers, try hards and noobs."
76561198118667352,Recommended,242860,16456645,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BaldEagleAlpha,this is fun ive had it for a while but just now writing review but fun
76561198033754434,Recommended,242860,16455719,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slither,"great game. there is not many games set in the WWI era (let alone good ones) its definitely something fresh and the gamplay and mechanics are pretty solid. The classes are fun and balanced. one class has a pistol and binos to call in arty strikes, you have the machine gun class which can be very powerful depending on where you stratigically place it on the map, you got a sniper class, infantry classes with bayonet/grenades and rifle. and,they are all fun to play."
,Recommended,242860,13791255,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Xavin,Great!
76561198043477431,Recommended,242860,14340680,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,webbo1,dont knwo where to report bugs and all but i seem to have a problem with opening the game as it comes us with an error and crash file witht he date on it
,Recommended,242860,13951330,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Dr. Bright,this is a really cool squad based hardcore shooter
76561198125313620,Recommended,242860,10758896,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kate Awpton,Super Fun Game Reccomend for people who like World War One Or Two settings
76561198122425499,Recommended,242860,13018721,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,LukeS1998,This game is just amazing
,Recommended,242860,10067343,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,puffamagicdragon,"One of the best games I've ever played. It never fails to deliver a good time regardless if you're losing or not. Though its in beta, one could spend hours and hours with the early content thats availiable and never be unentertained. The frontlines multiplayer mode is especially brutal and fun. Its a great game that really deserves a lot more attention."
,Recommended,242860,9655126,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,TheLegend27,"9/10. very unique setting, tense gameplay and just a lot of fun overall. Especially since one bullet can kill, it definately keeps you on your toes."
76561198089394174,Recommended,242860,13633253,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Armand,i love this game its awesome and you can set the grapics really good!
,Recommended,242860,13451799,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nitrox,"I keep coming back every few months and there is always a tonn of features added, more stability and new content. Even for early access, it's remarkably stable and fun to play. If you've played Red Orchestra series, this is definitely a game to get."
,Recommended,242860,16542572,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Yoda,This game is very authentic.Most matches involve a lot of death with little or no progress.10/10 would go over the top again.
,Recommended,242860,16544597,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MileniumLion,Awsome Game Really Fun. Really Realistic Maps And Guns. Great Crosshairs. LOVE THE SCOPE
76561198063349801,Recommended,242860,16555547,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,White Dingo,Ever wanted to go to France for free before the Nazis? Here's your chance.
,Recommended,242860,16557184,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Who in Crikey Fuck is Half Squat,"Verdun is a great first person shooter with a historical twist. This significantly effects its pacing compared to other fps and the historical accuracy immensely aids immersion. When you charge out of a trench with 10 other people and then about 50 metres later its just you crawling in a crater its quite scary. Very interesting with the focus of game play being trench captures, very difficult to do whilst attacking and equally hard to defend. The class system is well balanced and abilities are nicely powered. Over all a very enjoyable experience for those who are bored of your regular fps!"
76561198087772642,Recommended,242860,16558276,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Danny'sgreasybody,10/10 would get head shot again
76561198069567126,Recommended,242860,16176904,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Snoot Wallace,Verdun is the best WW1 game ive played. Needs Americans in it tho
,Recommended,242860,16579171,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ninjar Dude,I lve this game and I have had it for so long and it is very fun 10 out of 10
,Recommended,242860,16585635,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mithel_Celestia,"Game is good, but it has potential to be a game similar to red orchestra with mobile battle tanks, though that is not what it is. Graphics are smooth and sound quality is crisp. I love the lighting :3 That's all I care if we are ever talking about high graphics."
76561198053549835,Recommended,242860,16585702,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lord Cerberus,This game is fun and amazing. There is a lot of detail put into this game from the enviroment to the guns and the landscape. They are doing an amazing job at making this game feel like World War 1. I love to play Verdun and hope that others will see and buy this amazing gem.
76561198067801923,Recommended,242860,11476043,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Fizzy Banta,10/10 would buy again.
76561198176830473,Recommended,242860,16525213,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hannibal,great fps game
76561198093243948,Recommended,242860,29734660,Posted: 5 February,all,aidanferguson1018,"let me start, this game is a amzing world war 1 game, it is so realistic and they got so many things rights historicly. they have the right tatcics, the right setting.but is it a great game is the question.let start with graphics (no graphics dont really matter in a game but some people like to know) the graphics in this game are kind of eh, they would amazing if it was 2008 but it is 2016, i dont care about graphcis but if you do the graphics in this game are a 6/10game play is next, this one is complacated. it all depends on who you are, the gameplay in this game is rough and mercyless, this game is not ""fun"" its war, some people like that if you are a ""casual"" player this gameplay is gunna be tough for you, and also the gameplay suffers from some frame rate drops and general lag. gameplay will be rated like thishardcore gamer 8.5/10casual 4/10is this game fun? no, its dirt rough unforgiving crazy hard, again this game is the closes thing to war then any other game i have scene, but thhtas whats good about it for some people how real it isverdictif you want a fun easy to play shooter DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!but if you want a real world war 1 game and want a challenge get this gamei recomend it to hardcore gamerscasuals do not but thid gamehardcore peopleGET THIS GAME!"
76561198114868242,Recommended,242860,17419492,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,*Yawn*,"very very fun game quite challenging at times, and frustrating getting killed from nowhere, but aswell as being quite a tough game that rewards skill, it gives some great moments, such as a perfect trench take with combined artillery, gas, grenades, and infantry assualt. and firing squad like defenses. overalll a great game"
76561198079371670,Recommended,242860,16891671,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Rolf Harris,best game ive ever played
76561198141372064,Recommended,242860,17538786,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Dorito Sandstorm,cool game and all but it'd be collerererererer if they added in tanks that the players can actually use and of course anti-tank weapons as a counter 8/8 gr8 r8 m8
,Recommended,242860,14054673,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,✪ gingerpuss99 ❤,Great game and perfect warfare. The gun play is amazing for the bolt action.
,Recommended,242860,15474850,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,antdrew,10/10 would bash bright blue Frenchie again. Honestly if you have time and patience and are willing to get frustrated a lot then this is a game for you. It is exetremely fun but it isn't a game where you just start and are very good at it.
,Recommended,242860,15816451,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Grayskiii,Extremely addictive and great fun. It's incredible how realistic it is so the team have got it spot on. It's not easy but the challenge is perfect.
,Recommended,242860,15817451,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,[XI] Ragnarson,"Absolutely love this game. It is full-release quality, but still in Beta: can't wait to see what else is added to the game!"
76561198088744355,Recommended,242860,15818429,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,HealedMusician4,"Verdun is a great game with some of the most epic accuracy on history the ONLY First Person Multiplayer Shooter at the moment which is set in the trenches of the First World War, with supurb realism. I really do love it on PC but I expect even more positive attitude if this game was ever released for console gaming. I know for a fact that I would buy this game, hands down no questions asked."
76561197967051086,Recommended,242860,15818684,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Joncool,"Great historical FPS, one of the few if only based on WW1.Learned more about WW1 from this game then the American educational system. Would get gassed again. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,14045606,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,DRKSEEKERS,"Im happy to say that this is a very fun game and the mechanics work about as well as you would expect. My only issue is that the developers chose to make the core mechanic around suad combat. This alone would not be an issue if perhaps the matches contained a hundred people , but the low server caps mean that I often find myself staring at an empty map most of the time, with the fighting really only occuring along a very small section of the trench line."
,Recommended,242860,15609788,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sam,"Great game, it's a must have for any FPS player!!! Like call of duty ( The old good ones) But you don't have to play 200 hours to unlock a weapon!!"
,Recommended,242860,15609075,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Lobster,"Cool game, the graphics are a lot better than what I remember from 5-6 months ago."
,Recommended,242860,16240134,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Daniel_The_Damned,10/10 would die as soon as I spawn again
76561198071417085,Recommended,242860,14014431,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Attention Slut Tranny,"A wonderful WW1 Arcade Shooter that has come a long way. With Developers who care about the game and are constantly adding new things and patching, it is a blast to play. It has a friendly, fun community and exciting squad warfare. Think of Red Orchestra 2, but a little bit more arcade/dumbed down. But that doesn't make it a bad game, if anything, it makes the game easier to get into. Though there is the occasional bug, especially with the new engine, it is still a hell of a fun game.9/10 This game has so much potential. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,242860,12254567,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,nakaVS,"Lovely little game that has come a long way under the Early Access tag. Comparisons to Red Orchestra are apt, and you must take similar care in this title to stay alive. From what I can tell, the weaponry has been painstakingly recreated, and quite frankly, this is a pretty unique experience. This will be a sleeper hit if the devs just keep doing what they're doing. If you're on the fence, wait for a sale as I've seen it discounted a few times, but all in all I find it easy to recommend this game to anyone that likes to click dots."
,Recommended,242860,8736043,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Oliver,This game is already quite enjoyable even though it's in Beta.  It has great gameplay and pretty good graphics.
76561198001183307,Recommended,242860,12425818,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Tyrael,Who wouldn't play an WWI Game
,Recommended,242860,15689740,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,goob,"Nail biting game, Love it. Good combat and intense fighting. Upclose fighting is stressful knowing that 1 miss could get you killed. Over all Loved it and would recomend to EVERYONE"
,Recommended,242860,18376607,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Squirrel Man,I CAN DROWN MYSELF.10/10 QUALITY GAME.
76561198131605193,Recommended,242860,15484296,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,deserthiker24,Great game!  Needs an offline mode and voice chat.  Also confusing for beginners.  I still don't understand a lot fo the classes and squads.
76561198047698614,Recommended,242860,28321091,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Eltork,This game is pretty fun. When the update of people you kill aren't really dead and they are just crying in agony and 5 min in the game the closer you are to the front lines the louder the screams are.War is hell. 10/10
76561198057184009,Not Recommended,242860,17340393,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Päronsniffarn,i though it was boring because it only have to maps and the gameplay is not fun.
76561198193608877,Not Recommended,242860,17679895,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,14sthomas,ITS KEEP ON CLOSING DOWN
,Recommended,242860,32991383,Posted: 29 June,all,BasicTrianingReturnFebruary,"This game is really fun and original. If you like realistic war games, then this is definitely for you.Pros: Really fun and immersive WW1 game that you can't fine anywhere else. The gunplay is fun while also being realistic with real weapon load outs, and it only takes one shot to kill someone. The graphics are also good and aren't very system heavy. I have A GTX 780 and can pull 90FPS consistently on highest settingsCons: Some maps can be very campy and almost always end in draws because it just becomes a sniping game. Also the game has a significant learning curve. Lastly the only multiplayer server that has games is the European server. The US server usually has around one or two open games running at a time, and all the other servers are  completely empty. So you will definitely need a good internet connection because you will almost always be on the EU server. (this is only an issue if you live outside of the EU)"
,Recommended,242860,19721848,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,purplemagic75,I have been killed by a lot of russian guys
76561198267103312,Recommended,242860,19724565,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,steakthecheese69,"awesome game, add ons plz"
76561198107471913,Recommended,242860,19588741,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Ogge,"Awesome! This game is just amazing, it is historically accurate and the graphics are really good:)I love history (i am a nerd) and the moment I saw this game I fell in love!! A big thing is also the teamwork, it is the first online fps shooter game i have ever played with such great teamwork, its not just killing its winning.Amazing!!!!!!End of story"
76561198000543072,Recommended,242860,19595543,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Robkilerrabit,"Fun tactical shooter that is quite freshing from the standard FPS. Really focuses on strategy and teamwork rather than just twitch shooting, but individual combat is still fun and something you can master. I wouldn't say this game is complete, but the developers seem to be constantly improving it, so I think it's worth the buy. Definitely make sure you play with friends tho. Pubs can be good at times, but most of the time they're just frustrating."
,Recommended,242860,19597004,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TPI | Starwolf1991,"War can be absolute hell. Few demonstrate that with the same level of authenticity, ferocity and historical accuracy like Verdun; a World War I first person shooter set between 1914-1918 on the Unity Engine. Here, you get to experience what it might have been like as a footsoldier of nations such as France or Germany; fighting repeatedly for the same trenches and fortifications in absolute hellish conditions. Here, men do not hide and squawk orders from a rearline garrison but lead by example on the frontlines with their squadmates. Here, a single well-placed bullet, grenade or mortar strike can make all the difference between total victory or costly defeat. And here, only death is a certainty; you will die many times over before you secure that trench you are later expected to defend against impending counterattacks.Among my list of top recommended First Person Shooters to date. Anyone worth their salt who wants a rest test of their mettle, this is an absolute must have!"
76561198193610301,Recommended,242860,19661006,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ben,"Great game!! 10 Out of 10, ""it's not COD"" and ""this map sucks"" is going to be the majority of what is said in the chat. Well, they're both right but, still an awesome game."
76561198043426352,Recommended,242860,19673506,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,0xDECAFBAD,It is a fun game after the initial shock
76561198130893307,Recommended,242860,19683171,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,hujiklo,"This is an excellent game that includes great team strategy and realistic trench combat, with a wonderful and respectful community."
,Recommended,242860,19699490,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,SH| Wrecker,"Great game!  Started playing it relatively recently, 18 hours on the clock, and I love it.  Something about the tactics you need to use really makes me enjoy the time I spend rushing into the trenches."
76561198046882255,Recommended,242860,19705485,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Papa Bless,Found random dead horse.Beat it with my sweet seal clubKillled by a mortar.
,Recommended,242860,19717998,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Phantom X,This is a perfect game for anyone who likes war games and first person shooter.
,Recommended,242860,19722186,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Rekov,"Summary: I recommend this game at or below the current price range of about $20. It's fun, has some unique mechanics, but also has some notable flaws and poor gameplay decisions.Verdun is a WWI shooter, and it feels that way. The primary game mode is fighting for control of a series of parallel trenches, with teams taking turns to attack and defend. For the most part this is great, though a few maps have a few trenches that are significantly more difficult for one team to attack or defend than for the other.If you live on the west coast, ping will kill you. I cannot get below 100 ms. This is unacceptable in 2015 for a twitch game. Seeing and hearing my rifle fire first but getting shot without getting a kill is a routine occurance. This easily happens three or four times every game. I am frequently killed after ducking into cover or around a corner as well. It is incredibly frustrating when your failure isn't the result of skill.The system for calling morter strikes, gas attacks, and recon planes is abysmal. Squad leaders are forced to stand out of over and aim with their mouse. It is basically impossible to target anything at a distance reliably, and you can't aim over hills because you can't target what you can't see. The current system needs to be replaced with a map that you can use to target a grid reference. This is both more realistic from the simulation angle, and much less frustrating from the gameplay angle.The squad gameplay is good. Players are encouraged to work together during games, and to regularly play with each other across games in order to level up the squad. One of the flaws here is that squad leaders serve as forward spawn points for their squad, which means that often the best tactical decision is for the squad leader to just sit in a foxhole near the enemy trench instead of actually advancing. Even the best player will eventually die if they attack, so squad leaders are basically discouraged from doing much, which sucks."
76561198058141729,Recommended,242860,19738006,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,mikewhelan,Everytime I try to start tis game is crashes m computer ... any ideas? Is this temporary? Anyoe else with same problem?
,Recommended,242860,19740131,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,The_Wimpy_Gamer,Really fun (and the only one that I have seen of it's kind) WW1 First Person Shooter! Great game! I definetly recommend it to anyone who like First Person Shooter's!
,Recommended,242860,19595604,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,The CEO of Northern Petrol,Fantastic game that really captures the tug of war struggles of world war 1. Weapons look superb and uniforms are spot on. This is a great FPS that appeals to all history buffs.
76561198134875511,Recommended,242860,19605864,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Risalamande,"I would recommend to buy this awesome and fantastic game. If your the first-person-shooter type you should really try it and it shows really how it was back then in the war and how hard it was because you will be shot from nowere and be confused. The game is easy to learn especially if you an experienced fps player but it will take some hours to understand whats happening. Quick tip, if your the NCO aka the general you can hold (Q) to either create an order or use your special ability to either mortar an area , spread gas in an area or have a racon plane to fly over the enemies and show were they are on the map, it depends wich squad type you are. Anyways good luck to you and please buy this game if you already haven't because we need more players for the game to be extra fun, and don't get trench madness. :D :D :D"
76561198246732092,Recommended,242860,19629404,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Gant,"Buy it for only 21,50 billy maze here if you order now we can exclusivly give you nothing than the game i have played nearly an hour and love it billy maze will haunt you if you don't nuy this game"
76561198039425378,Recommended,242860,22188269,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,cryosmith,"Really fun game, but could simplify a bit of the UI, make the game run a bit smoother and just let people create a loadout, its a much simpler and better system than the current one. But nonetheless, worth your money."
,Recommended,242860,24872768,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,kobrux,if insurgency and ww1 made sweet love it's Verdun. Very good WW1 FPS!
,Not Recommended,242860,18573586,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,polity4life,"This game looks like it should be fun but it ends up just being a frustrating experience. It isn't terribly fun to consistently spawn on or right behind barbed wire, which can kill you, or a grenade. I'm not sure if I can upgrade or unlock gear since the game doesn't explain if such a system exists. And this may be a network issue but when I'm actually gunned down in the trenches, I find that I die before my killer emerges from a corner too often (my ping is typically between 50-75).I'm going to try it for a few hours but right now it's trending towards a bad buy."
76561198100523852,Not Recommended,242860,20363606,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,supermariologan fan,THIS GAME CRASHED AND NOW I CANNOT PLAY IT ANYMORE!!!!IT CRASHED 3 MONTHS LATER AFTER I GOT IT! DO NOT GET THIS.
,Recommended,242860,26232141,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Doctor AnaI,Bought this because I can't be bothered to download Origin to get BF1. It's not that bad.
,Recommended,242860,20203795,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DJ Shaq,This game is a great game. It is like Call of Duty but in World War 1.
76561198116082152,Recommended,242860,13790034,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mr_Nicoll,"A simply awesome concent, with lots going for it.Especially with the 100th Anniversary of WW1 just past, The game itself acts as not only an entertaining platform, but also an educational and centerpiece of respect to those who fought in the bloody conflict that was, WW1.Great multiplayer, great graphics and levelling system. Only drawback is the matchmaking. However, that can be put aside because the game is just as brilliant as it sounds- the developer will hopefully take this game futher than what is expected. The community itself, is also supportive and in-touch with the development of the game.Simply brilliant!"
76561198091871664,Recommended,242860,26921025,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RealDonaldTrump,Verdun is the game that Bf1 should have been. way more realistic and way more fun to play.
,Recommended,242860,23093786,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MATRIXDOG,so much crashing in the game wow it's really hard to play i round please fix but its still a good game
76561197970591462,Not Recommended,242860,20384661,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,lindell,"With all its technical problems, such as the FPS dropping to ""5"" every three seconds, and the developers do not give a s h i t about it, I can't recommend it...(1080p, strix 970, i5 4670k@4.5ghz, 24gb ram, no it's not on my end)Bought it and tried it too late to the test the refund policy unfortunately...Gamewise however, it is a clunky trench-focused FPS without any sort of polishing. I would recommend spending your time with Red Orchestra 2/RS for a better iron sights experience."
76561198134689512,Recommended,242860,20760114,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Kr3amChz,This game is really fun but what i didnt really like is the fog in the game
76561198066741756,Recommended,242860,15633603,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Old Lady Palmer,Early access done right!
,Recommended,242860,16500922,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Gambet,"I get to kill people 10/10 100/100 best game, best game."
76561198080424980,Recommended,242860,14104723,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Im a big boy,Fun game! started out kind of bugged and lacked content. But the recent updates and additions really put this game in my list of favorites.
76561198084727854,Recommended,242860,19402149,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SyNth3t1c,This is a very fun game to play but make sure that your computer can meet the system requirements
76561198069869103,Recommended,242860,17341922,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Aaron,"i really cant stress how good this game is, theres very few ww1 games out let alone narrow it down to fps then to good fps and then to a good fps with amazing gameplay. This game is worth every cent i put on it."
76561198210635367,Recommended,242860,21720411,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ICE COOLED MILK,i love the game but i have a bug if i look at the place i need to attack i get 4 FPS but if i dont i get 24 FPS and if i look at the sky i get 64 FPT P.S i play on a mac and yes i need to get a beter pc so if you guys could  fix that for me and i have loved this game and i need to play it so please fix it love your game and if your looking for a good a game get this one
76561198123291705,Recommended,242860,23714194,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,splatmaster2400,"Verdun is as of now My favorite World War 1 Fps. And while this game is still buuilding there are still tons of things I'd like to see like: An Ai practice mode, manual artillery, tanks, andProbably a fortress capture gamemode. I hope they will put these things in the game."
76561197997117540,Not Recommended,242860,22523403,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,TyphoidLarry,"This game is simply terrible.  My first game was a trench defense, in which I was only given a pistol to defend myself with, along with two grenades.  The AI enemy very cleverly hung out beyond the throwing range of my arm and shot me to death with ease.  After several rounds of this, during which time I managed to kill roughly four Jerries at long range with my 1911 through sheer luck, the game crashed.I started up again and played another round of defense, and I was actually issued a rifle this time.  I was having a mediocre time shooting rubber-banding Frenchmen when the game crashed again, this time requiring a hard reset.A total waste of $25.  Do not buy this."
76561198227354816,Recommended,242860,23002390,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Raptor,Quite realistic and surprisingly fast paced and fun.
,Recommended,242860,22928247,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,xXX_MaHm0uD_XXx,"Great game, one of the few really good WW1 games out there."
76561198120263423,Recommended,242860,22853828,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,CHANDLERRRR,9/10
76561198185778689,Recommended,242860,22853964,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Finn Rush,"At first I thought I thought this game was a cool idea but was♥♥♥♥♥♥ after a good long while of them updating it, it turned out to be an amazing game!"
76561198148136064,Recommended,242860,14443351,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Agent Orange,"Verdun is one of the most realistic games i have ever played unlike other games where it taks lik 100 bullets to do any damage. it mainly consisits of 4 classes grenadier, rifleman, machinegunner and commander. each one is unike in many ways. but you are looking for good grapics it ain't here but grapics ain't everything. overall i'd say a very realistic game but could have some tweeks but remeber it still in beta.8.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,21795111,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,schwarzes Schaf,-Everyone is in the enemy trench...-Everyone has to retreat because reasons...-Dies from getting caught in barbwire and getting shot in it-Everyone respawns and dies from a mortar-We lost the trench-GG
,Recommended,242860,20080077,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,laltsl,Pro's:Realistic battlesRealistic bullet dynamicsAuthentic weaponryAuthentic uniformsReal battles from ww1.Cons:Not enough players on certain games typesFps drops.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,242860,20653773,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,♚Panda♚,Make cheaper pls
76561198166669669,Not Recommended,242860,20383698,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kevin,"nah dont get this game, yeah its fun for like the first 5mins but then it gets boring and its just the same old same old. Dont buy this game ur just wasting ur money"
76561198073413596,Recommended,242860,20018512,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sharknado,"This game is amazing and immersive. I reckon everyone should get a copy and try it for themselves, it's really the future of gaming. 3/10"
76561198146472900,Recommended,242860,17854508,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,The Thinker | trade.tf,"This game overall is really good and entertaining. I like how everything is so easy to unlock, and how you have to be strategic with your team. I've had a couple graphical glitchs, but the gameplay is still solid. With more content, this will be a really great game."
,Recommended,242860,13706444,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vince,"Overall? Great game, I have had so much fun so far, I say get a good group of friends together, and have a blast. The historical part is awesome, the atmosphere is amazing, its pretty damn awesome when you are slogging through a wet trench, gas mask on, bullets hitting the sandbags around you, trusty Lee Enfield rifle in hand. The maps are fun to play on, and the game can easily go either way, both sides are very balanced, it all depends on a teams ability to work together, which I have seen very well in even public matches, people calling targets, where the enimies are rushing at, and supporting one another. If you have not already I say buy this game, it has a little bit for everyone!"
,Recommended,242860,15512274,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Rozwell,9/10 pretty okay
76561198255024447,Recommended,242860,19559737,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Straight up Guiness Drinking Pig,"The best WW1 FPS out there, i highly recomend it!"
76561198220571144,Recommended,242860,16611080,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SteeZZy,"I love WW1 / WW2 shooters and this is ""okay"". Not the best, but fun if you get a hold of a sniper w/ a scope :D"
76561198021955988,Recommended,242860,19275217,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Lord of Death,"lets get to the point, this is the greatest world war 1 game ever. The graphics are amazing and the sound affects. The reason many call it a world war 1 simulater is because its so close to what it might have been like during the war. if u are thinking of getting this game listen to ur gamer brain, get the darn thing and go get urself killed and kill others mabye in a charge. I found it kinda easy but thats because i played iron europe alot and hereos and genrals. However u will still die.There arent that many negatives or any that i can think of but i think they could mabye add the russians even thought they werent at verdun they could make seperate maps or a hole diffrent game on the eastern front. I also think they should add amercian troopes as some did fight at verdun. But the creaters of the game have worked hard and are still busy making the game better and amazing. So get it so we have more people to use as cannon faughter."
76561198094302865,Recommended,242860,19275936,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Crenshaw Pete,What you guys are doing is so very important. Thank you for bringing attention to this most salient and misunderstood conflict in the most immersive way possible. It is appreciated by the Great War scholar in me as well as the 21 year old gamer.
,Recommended,242860,19276059,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,MightyBeast,10/10 would recommend this game to a wo l trenches rekker.
76561197993310991,Recommended,242860,19276618,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,thermodie86,"I like this game. And they keep updating it. Good luck lads, see you in the trenches."
,Recommended,242860,22137511,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Totalillness,"Takes skill to shoot players, realistic melee, reload time. Fair player dmg. Great graphics and game play."
,Recommended,242860,19982140,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Daemon,its chill
76561198011543360,Recommended,242860,21676319,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ovenkid,"I joined the British Army at the young age of 19 in 1916. My training lasted for two months before me and my unit were shipped to Northern France. After a long march, me and my friends arrived at our trench on the Somme. Seconds later, a german gas shell plunged into our trench. In my excitement i forgot how to put my gas mask on.I looked to my friends.......all dead. I looked to the sky because i knew my life was over......I thought back to the village where i was from.....my girlfriend....my mother.........then a german came over the trench and shot me through the head.11/10would get killed in the first 7 seconds of my combat experience again"
76561198176873534,Not Recommended,242860,19951326,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,darthmmk,"Great game but, poor optimization. I have gtx 980 2gb ram and 16 gb memory still in so many maps I'm getting only 30 fps."
,Recommended,242860,19941547,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,fallz,Team won't come out of trench. 10/10 would be NCO again
,Recommended,242860,20068896,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SUFFOCATION,I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO THE 12 YEAR OLD KIDS THAT RAGE EVERY SECOND OF THEIR LIFE BECAUSE IM SHARING MY EXPERIENCE OF THIS GAMEask my friend 100000 how to make a squadno replyDONE
,Recommended,242860,20293379,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,biryani man,best potshot simulator + good way to get post traumatic stress disorder from your friend dying in front ofBONUS: You can get points for gassing people8/10
76561198124310474,Recommended,242860,20478948,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr._Mosley,"not only is this game revolutionary in its genre it is really the only worthwhile game in its genre (i know of) I really hope this great game can inspire some more takes on WW1, which is massivley underated if you ask me8/10 Great game with only some bugs and a active dev team"
,Recommended,242860,20034895,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,tomodo,I was confused at first but then puns out emwhay todo pretty fast it's a good game but isn't worth the price tbh it's a good game but not 25$ good any way it's run perfectly and is great to play
,Not Recommended,242860,20050701,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nexerz,crashes straight away
76561198038131698,Not Recommended,242860,20051681,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Grif,"i can't recommend verdun as a realistic tactical shooter as because of red orchestra series. the animations are very stiff,  most of the weapons are all the same, there is no communication, too few maps and with rising storm 2 coming out soon i say save your money and buy RS2 instead"
76561198137243520,Recommended,242860,19241148,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,lazymexicanman,can you guys who work on verdun fix the medals loading i got hella medals and there not showing up at all
76561198084494012,Recommended,242860,19243371,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Gedorran,"The gameplay is fun, it could use some optimization though. It also needs a tutorial, the learning curve is not the best. The atmosphere is far better than most modern multiplayer shooters, and the weapons are incredibly detailed. Do not expect fast paced WW2 style action though, get ready to be crawling in the mud and stabbing people to death with a bayonet."
76561198052127528,Not Recommended,242860,21384056,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Evil880,WOW now i know there is a WW1 game for the spawn camper and team stackers. What a waites to $50 Australia buks for the spawn campers and team stacks to ♥♥♥♥ it
76561198075856145,Recommended,242860,16610427,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[LBY] The Lord of Lean,Really great game with amazing potential.
,Not Recommended,242860,21169016,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Knife Binner,this is not good at all i love the hp style shure give them that and i love the story and that they go to what really happend the days and go throw them but i cant take the game serius when you have a misson where you need to hold out for 5 min and you take non stops fire to you and evry singel bullet they fire to you hits you. you can try to look throw the corners and you can try to stay down but some how a bullet will fly to you like a missile and hit you where ever you are and you at the same time taking tha kind of fire you also need to destroy tanks 2 across river and 2 on the back 2 in the 2 from the side and here is thing to there will be endles of germen waves. ow did i mention this is the only misson that if you so by a miss cklick ore miss fire and hit an friend ow back all the whay to the cheek point. i have nothing agienst like i said the story and the game it self but i would not recomend a game to people where they couldnt program to give you a chance to make shure you take the shoot and hit i playid alot of cod games like cod 2 and world at war but here is the thing whit dose games the are balance in there own whay you get a chance to do all of the stuff you need to do in this game you cant so no i really dont recommend it sins it is a bit broken but if you are a fan of cod go for it and get your self a chalnge of the year becuse this game dont f around ow btw i palyid on easy and it is like playing exper good luck good hunting!
76561198065265624,Recommended,242860,26061947,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Parsnips,"its a very intense and immersive game, I play for hours, cant get enough of the game, one of the best WW1 games there is to offer"
76561198040064259,Recommended,242860,21026577,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,The Pope SNAil❤,how to die simulaotr. how to gas people simulator. how to not win simulator. how to bolt a rifle simulator.
,Recommended,242860,21047688,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Sans,"""willkommen to the verdun weinerschnitzel, here is your standard issue shovel and bodybag, you will be sharing it with 3 other men."" -some guy introducing me to the gamepros:-ww1-authentic trench experience-canadians, french, british, and germans involvedcons:-ww1-tunnel vision simulator-ptsd simulator-authentic trench experience-severe lack of maple syrup, potatoes, fish and chips, and sausagefests.oops, i verdun it again.serious mode:one of the first fps games that puts you, the conscript, smack dab in the middle of ww1 on the western front. you will be assigned to a squad of 3 others who you will gain xp/levels with the longer and more often you work with them, so get used to knowing your trench buddies before one of their heads get shot off.fully automatic weapons will be few and far in between, with the exception of the machine gunner or one of the german loadouts.the loadouts vary between specializations. many specializations will give you a rifle and thats all, others will hand you just a pistol and binoculars to help coordinate artillery or gas attacks, and there are those specializations that give you just a shovel or a club of glorious canadian lumber, in addition to 5 grenades to sweeten the deal.lastly, since this is the great war, be prepared to die a lot--there are no heroes here. learn to love your trench and anything you can use for cover.suggestions for additions/improvements to improve the experience:*increased squad cap per battle: more squads should be involved in each match in order to better bring out the meat-grinder style atmosphere of the great war. literally let the bodies hit the floor.*possibility of a modified game-mode where the attacking side (namely the allies) attack german lines with the first tanks ever built, they will be slow, heavily armed, and somewhat vulnerable, where the allies would have to stay close to and escort the tanks to breach german lines, possibly increasing the meat-grinder. the german line will have access to a number of experimental anti-tank weaponry to help counter and delay the advance long enough for their own tanks to take the field.*flamethrowers: limited numbers, vulnerable, but extremely worthwhile/intimidating to encounter...until someone takes aim for the tank on the back.*improved tutorial to introduce new players, namely on specializations."
76561198114002831,Not Recommended,242860,23663863,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,/RG\KAGAN21,"Been playing this game off and on for awhile now and i love how real this game is. has good graphics and just makes u feel that u are in that time period. but how unbalanced this game is, it feels like heros and generals but without the pay to win deal. but u have guys in a match that are way better than u and with better guns, or u got a a-hole out there with a sniper right just picking people off or the other guy that can spot anything and just pick u off like its nothing. which to me does not make the game fun at all."
,Recommended,242860,23022936,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,shanci10355,IT IS A GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198074381225,Recommended,242860,23391853,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Apocalyptic Gaming,9/10
,Recommended,242860,24250497,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Vlad,Great to see peoples brains blast out of their heads and legs flying everywhere.10/10 would drop mortars on teammates again.
76561198077426267,Recommended,242860,23800957,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ausfallen,Amazing game that really makes you feel like your in world war one. The back and forth battles and constant struggle to takes an enemys trench is a awesome part of this game. Well worth the money i paid for it and would reccomend it to anyone looking for something to satisfy their world war one needs. 10/10 would gas again
,Recommended,242860,23093756,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Hinrik Ari,Hands look like latex gloves filled with water.
,Recommended,242860,25662291,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,picesejimbo,"What would happen if you could aim down sights while jogging?You would get a faster paced (in my opinion better) game. If you had longer stamina and ran a bit faster like you would in real life if you charged at a trench. It would be a bit better. If you make it so you can reload faster and pull back the bolt like in battlefield 1, I would like it alot more. If this game had more gore? I would ♥♥♥♥ing play this to the end. IF this game had baton charging? It would get gorey"
,Recommended,242860,23854485,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Casanova,Over the top ladsjust kidding die as soon as you pop your head out.
76561198034611921,Recommended,242860,25694224,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Polydeuces,"WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS GAME???!NO BLACK PPL LIKE BLM IS FOR NUTHINGONLY EUROPTURDS PLAY THIS GAMEI like it,sincerelyRare Pepe"
,Recommended,242860,24902490,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,PUCHIN1999,"Nice game, i like it a lot and it is easy to get many kills with mg spot cheeseAlso the options menu music is lit af"
76561198062468473,Recommended,242860,23887438,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DARKANG3L99,"named our Tommies squad,Brexit Boys and were the best team in the game,showed them we can do better whitout the EU"
76561198053374920,Recommended,242860,24266617,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ImAGeekNotANerd,"Battlefield 1: run in guns blazing, you win.Verdun: run in guns bla- SH*T MORTARS--- <DEAD>"
76561198140702035,Recommended,242860,23778661,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheFlamer,"I love this game so far, I just have a question, I'm loading it up, and it keeps saying there was a problem starting steam, please try agian. What can I do to fix this? Leave a comment on my profile to respond. And yes I did try re-installing."
76561198040140459,Recommended,242860,23899258,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Canaan.,The greatest ww1 shooter ever made.
76561197987243391,Recommended,242860,25686726,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Brick Backstein,"Verdun has an amazing atmosphere. It's like riding a bike, but you realize the ground is on fire, the trenches are on fire, your bike is on fire, It's like driving a bike IN HELL. WAR IS HELL.10/10 Would be crying in a trench again."
76561198146846079,Recommended,242860,24654266,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,JJnine,Nice game! I'm glad to have spent the money I have on it. Focuses more on the actual game rather than progression and has a good trench warfare mechanic. It is still pretty early in development and I am excited to check out what else the devs have in mind for the game.
76561198045737254,Not Recommended,242860,22332083,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,FlameRiot,Doesnt even work...
,Recommended,242860,20362651,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Tremzey,"There you are. In a damp stinking trench. Suddenly you hear ""Do your part lads!"". You grab your trusty rifle. you get up and run out of trench just to be cut down by enemy mg. Respawn. Soon you learn that taking cover in holes after artyllery attacks is crucial. But then you hear loud sound, kinda like a whistle. Its enemy shelling your position. Respawn. You run out. Get into hole. Wait. Run out again. You see you CO called gas on enemy positions. Good. You put on your mask and run out. Finally, you have reached the trench of your enemies. You fend off the huns trying to retake their positions. Your teammates soon join you in enemy trench, Finally. You captured the trench. Now the counter attack...you die tons 9/10"
76561198061080981,Recommended,242860,20372436,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,twigger,Top game. Having really good fun with it
,Recommended,242860,20307275,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,euqil,"Great fun. Must try in case you like Red Orchestra or similar shooters. I would not call this game realistic, but it may be hard for people who are new to FPS genre.90% of the time kills are instant.The only thing I am missing is mortars influencing the gas. As is the game is quite minimalistic."
76561198145480440,Recommended,242860,20370355,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Mercy114,Best and most realistic FPS I have ever played.11/10-would play for hours on end... oh wait I already have.
76561198067066428,Recommended,242860,20298667,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Spooky Books,"I came for a WW1 FPS, to experience the horrors that the war had brought to Europe... I stayed for the jumping around hip firing a Lewis gun.In a more serious note, this game is pretty fun overall. I find it frustrating at times, and at others can be a rage machine. It's partly due to the hitboxes don't always work, and you simply die when you're shot it can feel like you shouldn't have died. It's sorta hard to recommend with these two issues really, but I would say if you're looking for a WW1 FPS, you found it."
76561197961988788,Recommended,242860,20305108,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,a bag full of puppies,"This game can fill you with the satisfaction of making a great longshot with a bolt-action rifle, as well as with panic if you miss an enemy at close range with that same weapon.The time period of choice and the limitations of the weapons therein are what make this game stand out from the rest. This combination draws the line between PC and Console gamers, in my opinion.The fast-paced run and gun style of most modern (console) games is in stark contrast to the teamwork and adaptive strategies required for Squad-based games that have come to define PC FPS, with titles like Counter Strike and now Verdun.+nomination badge"
76561197961413564,Recommended,242860,20341341,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,JoeMoses,"Very different FPS than CS, Halo, Etc. More Realistic. Less Forgiving. Teamwork is crucial. Well done game."
76561198165843468,Recommended,242860,20353520,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kamikaze Pilot,this game is unic and fun first ww1 game iv ever seen try it :D
,Recommended,242860,20366231,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Tuquito,Don't die simulator
,Recommended,242860,20314111,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Freiherr von Konigstein,"I'd recommend Verdun on a sale day. While it's a great concept for an FPS, presented reasonably well, in practice it has some issues. The interface is somewhat clunky and fairly poorly explained in-game, and the game is really only worth playing for extended periods of time if you've got a squad of friends to play with you. There's a lot of interesting tactical possibilities presented by the squads, but again their progression system and abilities aren't very well-explained.While it certainly captures the ambiance of WW1, the gameplay doesn't quite fit- massive cratered moonscapes are fun to fight over, but the team sizes are so minute that you often feel as if you're fighting over an abandonned field and not a massive frontline. The prevalence of artillery and limited weaponry, especially when it comes to automatics, is interesting, but the much-touted poison gas feature is an inconvenience at the worst of times. You'll almost never see anyone die to gas, or even treat it as a threat.I did a lot of dying in a filth-encrusted trench in northern France, which was what I expected, but the experience still needs polish."
76561198147023998,Recommended,242860,20330013,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,British Kebab,yea its alright
,Recommended,242860,20318992,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Doorknobb,This is a very nice game with supportive community and active developers who work every day to make this game better. This game is for everyone who is intrested in history.
76561198052113198,Recommended,242860,20360222,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Common_enemy,I enjoy this game and find myself playing it often. Took a few games to get use to keeping my head down and how the classes work with each other. It owns the market for WW1 FPS and I feel like it delivers.
,Recommended,242860,20309082,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,drewisawesome14,"This game is fantastic, especially for any history buffs out there. Very realistic and extremely fun to play. My only issue is I wish They would add full controller set up and not just partial. Its still great fun to play with a controller, you just have to set them up yourself and it can be very hard to play at times. I use my controller at ease, but if you want the full effect go ahead and play mouse and keyboard.Buy this game.You will not regret it."
76561198026456132,Recommended,242860,20367916,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kaarinth,Fun and fresh pvp shooter.
,Recommended,242860,20312916,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tallyho,Spawned then get instantly shotSpawn into gasSpawn into a motar strike and died10/10 would die again.
76561198147284175,Recommended,242860,31672974,Posted: 10 May,all,Donald Trump,Very fun game! Very realistic!
,Recommended,242860,21006747,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,t1m_b3r,An amazing authentic First World War shooter with stunning graphics and unique game mechanics. However it would be more historically accurate if you could be executed for cowardice by not going over the line when instructed to attack. But for a work in progress this is a bargain
76561198119663292,Not Recommended,242860,29403427,Posted: 21 January,all,Toch Nba,4/10 It is a good idea but it is not fun
,Not Recommended,242860,15856484,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Orangedrips,this game would be great if I could play it... Every time i try to play it cant connect to the server. I feel as if I wasted my money
,Recommended,242860,19227279,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ShadowBerserk,"This is the best World War 1 game there is. So if you like World War 1 games, then this is your game."
76561198121787673,Recommended,242860,19228089,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Be One With Russia?,"If you love history and FPS, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,242860,19228093,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Malachy,"Turn-based Insurgency. I strongly suggest this game because when you have a friend you can yell about going over the top, and when you do you die instantly. 11/10 would eat a 500 bullets again."
76561198171525891,Recommended,242860,19230228,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Karondo,Very good game
76561197986525949,Recommended,242860,19230795,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,dusty butt,"Admittedly, I have not logged tens or hundreds of hours playing this game, BUT I still know what I like when I see it.  I like Verdun.IMHO:Where Verdun succeeds is two-fold.First, the graphics are not cartoon-like, as they tend to be in so many other WWI games, or even FPS's.  The motion of aiming is slightly laborious, as it would be were you to be lugging around a heavy firearm, fighting trench warfare and trying to not die every moment of your day.  The lighting of the game is glorious, with the shadows being a major component to the visual realism.  I had the distinct pleasure of hiding in a destroyed tank's shadow while trying to lay down fire and not die!  Didn't work out so well, but it did lend to my immersion of the battlefield experience.Second, the sounds on the battlefield are very interesting.  The guns have their own ""life"", lent through not only the operation (reloading, bolt action, etc.) of the weapon, but the sounds it makes in said operation.  I get the distinct impression the creators of the game went to some pain to ensure the sonds were ""true"", if not unique.  I am reminded of BF1942, in which the creators went to similar extents, and we know how that effort paid off!  Also, the changes of sounds of footfalls from dry ground to wet/muddy ground really brings me into the experience.Verdun is not perfect (yet), but its designers are continually making it better, and for that I say THANK YOU for a job well...progressing [done comes later]!"
,Recommended,242860,19234594,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,BurningWord8,Great game thats getting better everyday there are some performance issues but the devs are working hard to fix them
76561197992553676,Recommended,242860,19240223,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,HardeKern,"Descent game, There is not many games about ww1 and even a game that's 100% Finished."
,Recommended,242860,19240944,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,REEDUX,"""First you look for a gun then you hunt for a hun.""10/10 racism"
76561198256294240,Recommended,242860,19257101,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,cheerswill,"while i  lack   skill at this game at present, I quite enjoy the tense atmosphere that this game provides in the form of whizzing bullets, mortar explosions, gas attacks etc. I also appreciate the entire WW1 history and this game reminds us how horrible it must have been for the poor soldiers who lost their lives at Verdun and in the trenches of WW1.I find this to be a very charming game and I recommend it to everyone who appreciates the history of WW1."
76561198043130826,Recommended,242860,19262152,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,jimmyfive,Ill give it positive when it gets optimized.Update-I got a steady 50fps
76561197963220842,Recommended,242860,19262531,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Pops,"Way fun WWI shooter - mud, shellholes and lice! Oh what a lovely war!Totally immersive with great graphics and attention to detail and historical accuracy. The devs have made the game I've always wanted (needed) to play, like a virtual GWA WWI reenactment weekend without the cuts and bruises!"
76561197971144549,Recommended,242860,19262771,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,FluffyKittenMeowMeow,"Definitely the game is a work in progress. Performance issues abound and it has an overall glitchy feel. Even with those significant draw-backs I still love playing this game. It is really hard to win wihtout cooperation which sets it apart from most FPS shooters. Also, WWI is just not done very often."
76561198000179604,Recommended,242860,19263437,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Waternoose,pretty good
76561198117584379,Recommended,242860,19251853,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,"Lucas ""Chronos""","I don't know what to say, its just a fun game, but you will die a lot in the trenches, so, if you like fps games, you gonna love this one, its hard in the start because you just keep dying, but after 1 or 2 hours, you at least manage to kill someone...oh, one last thing, I HATE THE SNIPERS IN THE BATTLE OF THE SOMME10/10, worth your money"
,Recommended,242860,19254741,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Jaycoke,very good
,Recommended,242860,19242870,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,KillaaStar,The only problem i had was it wouldnt let me put in my steam name and i can only put in my name i dont want people knowing my real name
76561198080821740,Recommended,242860,19245358,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Lloyd1944,"First minute in game, died four times.10/10 Would die again."
76561198055033997,Recommended,242860,16476237,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jed the Viking,This game was amazing... until my best friend was shot in the head and his brain splashed all over my face. Now I got PTSD and I'm eating cereals all day.
,Recommended,242860,31562456,Posted: 5 May,all,ManitariousGR,Very good game. A very real simulation of ww1.The guns are amazing with very good details. Just buy it and enjoy ww1!!!
,Recommended,242860,15601611,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Big-Al,"""choke, choke, gasp, it's a gas"""
76561198041742113,Recommended,242860,14296160,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,LSD_Lover,420/10 AMAZING GAME BUY BUY BUY
,Recommended,242860,18621633,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,madhouse,Boom headshot.... Wait no he was on my team.
,Recommended,242860,26693917,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The Banana Phone,Pretty sure I got PTSD playing this.10/10
,Recommended,242860,14283481,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ProCamper!,(Y)
,Recommended,242860,14296059,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kakespade,well.... its grea to be early accses :) need fixes but overall good game :)
76561198000067678,Not Recommended,242860,18026537,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Galactic Pimp,Great concept and a lot of fun. Just like all other online shooters hackers ruin the game. I feel that they especially ruin this one just because the game play is so balanced. I recommend buying it BUT be forewarned that you will be killed by hackers.
,Not Recommended,242860,20947711,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Sour Cream Princess,Its uh...Its...okay.
,Not Recommended,242860,20612005,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,NoahMakesPancakes,Graphics are great in all but that does not make a good game. This game is just extremely boring.
,Recommended,242860,28754211,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Volks63,A really good ww1 Fps
,Recommended,242860,22986325,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Defensive General,Gave me PTSD
,Recommended,242860,20310088,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,EpilipticCat™,Good game very realistic and fun to play with freinds good weapons.
,Recommended,242860,20311637,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gulagtus,"A bunch of us spawned on our NCOs behind a hill in No Man's Land, someone peeked and a Frenchie dropped a mortar strike that killed at least 10 of us.11/10 Would go over the top again"
76561198067070400,Not Recommended,242860,32640539,Posted: 22 June,all,lalaphin,"I started this game and was assigned to the Asian server, not a single player is online at all, in this case this multiplayer-ONLY game is useless for me."
76561198388003086,Recommended,242860,32753315,Posted: 24 June,all,Hoops,awesome game
,Recommended,242860,32627928,Posted: 21 June,all,Gendolf,gg
76561198007165943,Recommended,242860,26234597,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,the_chief1969,Very nice game. Dev's are updating frequently. Reiminds me of red orchestra 2 but for WW1.
,Recommended,242860,32798784,Posted: 25 June,all,SunpaiSilverAussieCat,How to play verdun:Find a matchDieDieDieDieDieGet a killDieDieDieDieDieDieLose the matchNext round:DieDieDieKillKillDieDieKillDieKillDieWin?Congrats you are a Verdun Pro!10/10 Buy this game!
,Recommended,242860,25838677,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sir_Danks101,i love this game so much becuse i am a big history fan of ww1 trench warfare and whene i found uot about this game i saved up money to get. It every thing is on point with that period back then just love the gmae so much [:
76561198097860266,Recommended,242860,14868256,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,TiberiumFromTime,"Imagine Call of Duty 2, ""good old days"" mixed with world war I that had a baby with red orchestra, well this is it.You can get PTSD,rage,destroy the enemy assault, and enjoy platoons of death.I would rate this 8/10, as this game manages to have fluid gameplay and beautiful maps, but there is quite a bit of lag and glitches."
,Recommended,242860,16848277,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ShellE,"game asked for a review, heres the reviewits alright"
76561198079746653,Recommended,242860,16845658,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DR.AWESOME,Really fun WW1 shooter not many like this you will die lots and kill lots and remember GAS
76561198059633086,Recommended,242860,16847054,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,irritatedrabbit,generally enjoyable game to play
,Recommended,242860,16668322,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Yang Thag,I was Driving on the highway and killing cops with 5 stars and some jackass cashing me with a MI 24(Attack Helicopter) this game is worth to buy and is good running over cops mainly those russains dudes that say ♥♥♥♥♥ES ♥♥♥♥♥ES
76561198141207476,Recommended,242860,17162261,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,DustyMop,"I jumped in a emeny trench killed 4 guys with the bayonet then said ""get REKT"" then immediately get shot in the head.REKT/10 would buy prone simulator again."
,Recommended,242860,32812588,Posted: 26 June,all,perdelis,"Bought it,Got 7 fps,Returned it10/10 best gameplay experience"
,Recommended,242860,32772079,Posted: 25 June,all,Kravock,"Awesome game. It reflects the struggle of trench warfare perfectly, with a small dose of frustration."
76561198142714770,Recommended,242860,17464337,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Samwise Gumtree,I do indeed like this game... Very much so.
,Recommended,242860,16928137,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Hipster Deer,"Amazing game. If you are in to historic shooting games, I would 100% recommend this one."
76561198263091758,Recommended,242860,22741243,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,luke,it is SUPER realistic
76561198063234830,Not Recommended,242860,18773095,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Antioch,"I would love to be able to recommend this game, and I was anxious to play it for weeks.HOWEVERThere are far too many issues present within the game for me to be able to recommend it to others, however with attention to these issues I would hope that the game (the core of which is excellent in theory) becomes more enjoyable for others.Pros:-WW1 trench warfare is a niche theme, and it is unfortunate that the game suffers from several flaws that stop it being one of the best FPS available on PC.-Sounds design is EXCELLENT on both weapons, movement as-well as ambient map sounds.-Well designed maps that appear to be historically accurate.-""Hardcore"" gameplay style is appropriate and well-implemented.-Texture quality is decent, but doesn't hold up to a number of modern releases.-Suspenseful gameplay that immerses you in the setting.-Ranged combat is engaging.Cons:-Lacklustre tutorial that leaves a lot to be wanted.-Filler game-modes that don't add much to the core experience.-Frequent sounds cutting, similar experience on multiple PCs with different audio receptors.-Jerky movement system that appears to have a mind of its own, tested with multiple keyboards.-Annoying tendency to automatically set the crouch to prone or crouch on spawn or entering trenches and craters.-Cycling crouch, standing and prone is a tad tedious (minor gripe as there are separate  controls available).-Lacking certain animations.-Retreat mechanic is poorly implemented, and ends up being ""run away and get shot in the back or hold your ground for 10 seconds and get executed.-Constant respawn adds a lack of meaning to peoples lives; this results in the experience becoming too arcade-like with people constantly neglecting teamwork due to a lack of penalty for ""lone wolf"" style gunplay.-Hitboxes are occasionally rough, which degrades from the overall experience.-Grenades and clubs constantly not working, reported across multiple players.My biggest issue however is with the squad system that makes you feel more like part of a special forces squad than a small part of a larger battle. The lack of consistency in equipment and imbalance of roles detracts from the overall experience of the game. For example having (in a game of new players) 2 squads with only an NCO and then 2 full squads leaves you with the following:4 NCOs2 Flankers (armed with revolvers)2 Riflemen2 Raiders (armed with revolvers)This then leads to a game focused on monotonous close quarters combat that has very little weight behind it, usually devolving into a dull kite-fest.-Game-breaking bugs:For example after less that 10 minutes of play I was no longer being credited for kills, and couldn't be killed by enemy gunfire, artillery, gas, wire, or execution. This occurance was not enjoyable for me or for the enemy. Especially the enemy. Multiple instances of bugs similar to this have made the game frustrating during my admittedly short amount of playtime."
76561198134817587,Recommended,242860,13605988,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,getalifegoldy,overall fun game
,Recommended,242860,24142591,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rob Skip,What Battlefield 1 wishes it was.
76561198057335203,Not Recommended,242860,18804728,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,kuauikmartin,"well,i got 68 hours in the game and i played mostly Allies,that is entene powers.I never played  such biased gaem ever in my whole life.If you are masochist and want to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all of your game time,play Allies and if you want to win like a pro,play Germans.there are couple of  reasons why is that from top of my headreason 1:the terrain is build so the German got always advantagereason 2:playing for the germans,i notice that the weapons are much more accuratereason 3 :just look on the scoreboard ingame and you'll see the German teams got much more squad points,that speak for itself"
76561198123440774,Recommended,242860,24206972,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Firebolt1089,"Just keeps crashing on start-up. Please fix this.Other than that, judging from what videos I have watched on this game, I'd say it's pretty good, but it has a crashing problem."
76561198118188017,Recommended,242860,13217424,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Thermostat,"Intense, fun gameply that is historically accurate to boot.Bugs are identified and fixed quickly by the awesome dev team"
,Recommended,242860,12217577,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,EboleleleleleXD,Amazing game.
76561198027919097,Recommended,242860,11469509,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Snip,yeeeeeeeee
76561198006551881,Recommended,242860,14798485,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,sawer,8/10
76561198048779036,Recommended,242860,15414239,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Drill sgt 98,if your looking for a honest review this game sucks more than a red light ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242860,15545187,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nova,Quickscope Simulator 1914.
,Recommended,242860,15562002,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,woodymw24,the game is fun to play
,Recommended,242860,16452958,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Grove Street Goon,But it please
76561198097465153,Recommended,242860,16468388,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BifurcatedUvula,"WW1 trench warfare FPS. What more is there to want? I think it's the only one on steam. And it's good. Quite possibly the most intense multiplayer gamer I've ever played. Just running across no man's land, from ditch to ditch, knowing that 1 hit from almost any weapon will kill you... And anyone that says it's bad because it doesn't have team deathmatch, it's not that kind of game. It exists for the frontlines mode. I'll bet the rifle deathmatch was just something that got chucked in on the side because someone got really angry. Anyway, I love it, although right now I've only played about fifteen hours. If to play it I had to, I'd pay again.10/10Masterpiece."
76561198202166728,Recommended,242860,16007736,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Ogrelord,"i have to say 10/10 onions!!! I was playing with my crew before the enemy knew it , it was all ogre for them. If you considering getting this game fork over the twenty dollars you wont regret it!!!! SHREK APPROVED"
,Recommended,242860,16474789,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jguy555,"Nothing is more statisfying than throwing a grenade and hearing ""sheize granasse"", being followed by seeing you made a triple kill.9/10 would triple kill again"
,Recommended,242860,17054239,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,BeatenWang,>get decent a sniping>kill people in one shot from across the realm>gg game over
,Recommended,242860,22961087,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,dr dabenstein,garbage
76561198151073713,Not Recommended,242860,22539184,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,robred115,"this is an absolutely horrible game. When i first started it up i had no idea what to click or where to go in order to battle and i was provided little instruction on how to play. In game, you are constantly getting killed from glitches in your trench, or a random snipers bullet. i don't know if it is possible to change classes, but i couldnt find out how due to the horrible layout. i do not recommend getting this game, its a waste of money."
,Recommended,242860,11481257,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Lil Peep Shawty,This game is 10/10. With this game your now able to kick France's♥♥♥♥♥just like how everyone else has.
76561198042152999,Recommended,242860,22813797,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,marklin1,"People saying... you get killed lots.... you are dead in 30 seconds etc.that said, its perfectly accurate and realistic to the horrors of WW1. To make it an easy COD style FPS would be insulting to all those that gave their lives. For once we have a historically accurate game, yes you will die many many times.... but that was the reality of war, the game and devs haven't shyed away from that and should be praised for it IMHO."
76561198216065600,Recommended,242860,15497743,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Nationalsozialist,"This, for me, is my honest favorite game on Steam. As a history expert, I enjoy this game. I myself attend WW1 Reenactments. I have fallen too many times to count. Including when i accidentally blew myself up with a mills. In all, this game has Great GREAT pottential for the future. Cant wait for the Official Release."
76561198041226334,Recommended,242860,15679318,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,POLLSLAW,10/10 will club again
,Recommended,242860,13653115,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LayingDownSmoke,-ran straight through no mans land w/ lewis gun firing from hip-got blinded by mustard gas-made it to enemy trench-took cover to reload-ran out of cover while blinded firing madly-killed 3 enemies-jumped out of trench to kill a sniper-got stuck in barbed wire and got beaten to death-10/10 plz add zepplins
,Recommended,242860,13613924,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,sickknt,Veryyyyy nice game .. totaly worth 7 euro
,Recommended,242860,11627657,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,scroggstimmy,"Its, Great Game, Except There Is Way Too Many Glitch and Too many Bugs Also Errors, I Understand This is Beta, Hopefully They will fix it soon, But Except These, I Think This Is Great Game as FPS gaming Its Fun and Fair Shooting, No Rage. Its Great game For Who Loves History WWI."
,Recommended,242860,15609518,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Arceal,"This game has some very realistic combat. Most all the weapons will insta kill. You advance, hold and retreat from trenches constantly. Realistic combat forces the players to play strategically. In every squad there is a squad leader who gives orders on where to attack and can gas enemy trenches or mortar strike them. This game is lots of fun with few bugs. (I have not found any yet.) Graphics are good and weapons are historically accurate. I have nothing bad to say about this game."
,Recommended,242860,13572738,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Soup_Reviewer_52,"GOD♥♥♥♥♥♥DE KAISERNeeds more weapons and more emersion, otherwise 10/10"
76561198050399719,Recommended,242860,16509015,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,LENIN,"Spawn with a shovel.Proceed to capture entire trench alone, stuck in a barbed wire and die.50/10 would smack again"
76561198092679078,Recommended,242860,16734088,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Connect44,I love it mabey there should be a fighting AI walkthough be for you first fight players but I can't say anything bad about this game got it 3 days ago and have put 13 hours
76561198116774296,Recommended,242860,16693563,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Reval,Sometimes i feel like it is a Death Simulation 2015 but then again. That is World War 1 :D
76561198069340333,Recommended,242860,14266012,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Wendy Wu homecoming Warrior,"Vermin One of the most competitive games are played Other than CSgo of course Awesome addition like gas scouting planes And the game is not easy to play challenging, but that's what I enjoy about it You learn as you go you start out as a private When you get better ranks With more gear which makes it easier Some cons of the game Are Needs a pretty good computer play You die lots and lots and lots Some glitches and bugs To be expected in the beta That's pretty much it overall is a great game"
,Recommended,242860,14405683,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kiwi_Mugger,Amazing. Always looking forward to the next update!
76561198009735673,Recommended,242860,17836077,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,mrgamegov,"Great game, The trench style warfare is to die for!"
,Recommended,242860,15807557,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Pythonkill3r,Pimp squad baby!
76561198097424781,Recommended,242860,16906221,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Sage,This game is amazing. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,9118548,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Gamelord10000,I like it because of the realism and fun. Maybe possibly fix the graphics and a few bugs. I do recommend it because I'm interested to see what it will be like in the future.
76561198058985604,Recommended,242860,13599138,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TheraptorGod64,fun game you should try it
76561198015357966,Recommended,242860,30904506,Posted: 2 April,all,Lee Harvey Oswald,">tape nine stick grenades together>rush over a hill hipfiring C96 and screaming ""for the kaiser"">throw stick meganade at my feet when surronded>die along with seven enemies>hear a Frenchman run over to me>""Fix baguettes and charge men"">whole team wiped out by baguettes>The kaiser was not pleased>10/10"
,Recommended,242860,30897332,Posted: 2 April,all,Chris the crispy cunt,"Verdun is one of the best games I've played in a long time. The game is about trench warfare during the first world war. You get to play as 12 different squads, 7 Entente Power and 5 Central Power squads. Every single squad has 4 roles.Entente Power squads: Canadians, Chasseur Alpins, Poilus, Belgians, U.S. Marines, U.S. Doughboys and Tommies.Central Power squads: Alpenjäger, Landser, Pionere,Schützen and Stoßtrupp.There are currently 54 different guns in this game (02.04.2017).I really recommend it!"
,Recommended,242860,13584564,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Hectik boys out in force,"this game is great, but there are abit of giltches i get. 1. the screen just goes black. i can still see the HUD and guns but the map and everything else is black. also something that annoys me is the game crashes and it doesnt save my online progress. so im stuck at level 1 with 209+ kills. please fix these and the game is amazing! maybe later down the track make a ww2 game similar to this. focusing on things like the bridge attack and various others ones.Great game but not playing till black screen glitch is fixed otherwise 8/10"
76561198260182198,Recommended,242860,22013174,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,SkankHunt42,"""The french were reatreating"", most historically accurate game iv ever played 11/10"
76561198127627373,Recommended,242860,13671746,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Radical Palpatine meme,Do you enjoy being stuck in a stalemate never being able to cap an objective?Do you enjoy being one hit killed with a pistol?Do you enjoy using iron sights so bad they make the ones on borderlands look good?Do you enjoy hit detection so bad your better of hip firing and praying you hit something?Do you enjoy being able to sprint for only 4 seconds leaving you stuck out in the open having a nice brisk walk?Then this game is for you!10/10 would assasinate Archduke Franz Ferdinand again
,Recommended,242860,18380142,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Bill,It's nice in the surfBUTWhat about the men in the trenches?GO AND  HELP
,Recommended,242860,16625427,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,UptheYINYANG,Spawn. Die.Spawn. Die.Realize that sniping is the way to play even tho your supposed to be storming the trenchesGo 30-2 :D10/10 Would snipe with a webley again
76561198249647500,Recommended,242860,19267753,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Argo,CAN U MAKE A NEW FACTIONS SUCH AS THE AMERICAN EXPEDITIONARY FORCE?? AND A NEW MAPSUCH AS GALLIPOLI!
76561198015108066,Recommended,242860,19268449,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cha`Vi.Wicked,great game. great price. great job.
76561197986932498,Recommended,242860,19274258,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SkyPig,"Verdun takes me back to the good old days of minimal system requirements and fun attitudes. This game, while it is definitely a first-person shooter, breaks the norm somewhat by making all of its weapons true to the era, along with the battlefields and uniforms.It can be difficult, initially, to figure out who your allies are, especially when you're fighting along British and French troops who wear different uniforms. But this is something that can be quickly learned and becomes part of your understanding of the game. The same goes for the following...The battlefields are very difficult to navigate on. From cover it's very difficult to tell where you'll be able to find cover again if you go over the top. The trenches are a treacherous maze of shooting angles and cover that is difficult to get used to. There's barbed wire everywhere that will literally kill you if you don't notice it and don't react fast enough to being tangled.Initially, wide-open spaces look like death incarnate, because your enemy is looking to shoot you if you go there, but with some practice you can learn to spot your enemy first and shoot him (serves him right for trying to cover such a broad field!)"
76561198024343508,Recommended,242860,19057642,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Dirty Rotten Fugger,ww1 fps buy it!
76561198064217123,Recommended,242860,17424288,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Sam_Labrador(#include <cmath>),"This game is super fun! Multiplayer is exciting and you feel like you're really in the ""Great War"". When you get fired at, your screen starts to fade out and blur, just giving you more reason to stay in cover. There are a large amount of weapons to choose from and classes allowing the commander to call in artillery or gas. Having to fight close quarters with a gas mask on is exhilerating and raises the stakes even more.  There are four huge maps in which you can play a free-for-all gamemode or frontlines (capture a trench and hold it).  One problem with the game is that there is no in-game tutorial so you have to go to a steam guide to learn about the game and it's mechaics(It took me a while to figure out everything). The biggest problem though, is the fact that it is not very well optimized...  I always have over 100 ping on all servers and I have to play on low graphics for a smooth experience. I have a pretty decent computer with an Intel® Core™ i3-3250, a GTX 650 TI, 8 gigs of RAM, and a very fast internet connection so you should research first whether or not your computer can run this game or not. Overall this is a great game and it worthy of your money!"
,Recommended,242860,17426117,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Iwan Heath,"Good game overall, could do better.8/10"
76561198208812503,Recommended,242860,18127987,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Commissar Petrov,"If your looking for a FPS that has historical accuracy and are a fan of WW1 then Verdun is your game. Verdun delievers an amazing expirence, that keeps you coming."
,Recommended,242860,30429400,Posted: 10 March,all,Kaiser Kramer,Is best game
,Recommended,242860,17399566,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,space trucker,really grate
76561198029238777,Recommended,242860,17196708,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Helidoktor,"I ran forward with my squad, machine gun's were firing at us, People were dying all around me, We got to the trench and I pulled out my club, I charged down the corridors with nothing but my club raised above my head, They will fear me and my club, Then I was shot in the face, Next time my club will taste the blood of my enemies."
76561198170366706,Recommended,242860,18003329,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sullivan Bones,This game has everything:GunsGasGrenadesWhat more could you want?11/10 Would explode again
76561198110377163,Recommended,242860,17593080,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,BERNARD SANDALS,"First Game, alrightSpawns in Argonne as the CanadiansGermans are jumping inside trenchesGiant line of Allies shooting in air and engaging in melee as they jump inWe repel themWe are now the offensiveAll charge over the topI pick off 3 Germans running back to their trenchArtilley starts pounding the GermansHere comes the mustard gasWhile this happens I almost go deaf from all the gun fireGerman machine guns mow down the people next to me as I jump inside trenchI epicly kill the machine gunsTeam jumps in behind meWe run through the trench clearing out the GermansWe reach control point, we captureWe winI love this game420/10"
,Recommended,242860,28421177,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mr TRAiNs,"i may not play this game much, but that doesn't mean it isn't amazing, its super fun and like battlefield 1 but way smaller and cheaper, plus looks amazing still today, its a must if you long ww2 or history. the best part of this game is the christmas truce!, they donate all the money to others!, this is a special game in my heart and will always be in my top 10!."
,Recommended,242860,29107705,Posted: 7 January,all,Gingertown Butcher,Shell-Shock simulator 2016
76561198047258963,Recommended,242860,29150242,Posted: 9 January,all,Washing machine,"One of the best of it's kind.An excellent world war one game, where you can either use basically reall ww1 technique, and not do run 'n gun technique.It doesn't have all of the world war 1 places, but it has enough maps to get the world war 1 feels!The graphics are quite unique in it, but if you ask me, i wouldn't look this game by the graphics, but the gameplay.10/10, would highly recommend this game, for it's good variety of guns of Ww1, and historically correct teams to play on, and as well for the Ww1 battle tactiques."
,Recommended,242860,14504906,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jezza,"Downloaded this game after seeing people play it, read the reviews and all i have to say is that the graphics are amazing the gameplay is next level and the type of style you can approach the battlefield differs on the class that you have. Different play styles are vital. The class setup is sublime and i can not fault it. However a few bugs and glitches here and there. But that is expected as it is pre-release. Also During one of my streams one of the two developers enterd my chat and was really helpful. During his time watching me, he told me that updates are due and that he identified more fixes that were needed. Overall i would say that it is around a 9.3/10 due to a few bugs. Would pay £28 for this game! Would Highly recomend! One of the best FPS games i have played in a while!"
,Recommended,242860,14536462,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ponky,The World War 1 game we've all been kinda asking for. Hopefully we'll be getting the rest of the main nations from the Great War
76561198009573991,Recommended,242860,14568458,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,PhillyLife,"Very fun game to play, only thing is I think it needs alot more content but I would not worry about that becuase the game is only in alpha"
,Recommended,242860,14489164,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Grit^,"It's a nice change from the typical WWII or modern day FPS, it nails trench warfare and the sinking feeling you get before you go over the top."
,Recommended,242860,14567846,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,CJ1337,"The Mac version is extremely buggy, including random black screens, random crashing, and over all random glitches. This game is a great idea and is very fun, if you enjoy WWI or history in general, this is a great game for you."
76561198080839780,Recommended,242860,14569688,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Biowire20,I have had this game since pretty much it first came out and i must admit i hated it so much when i first starteed playing and a bit after but you know i think that m2h studio's(verdun devs) and digital extremes(warframe dev's) deserve the utmost respect for what they have done in just a years time verdun has changed from just a game with a few guns and many bugs to a fully fledged fps that is very strong and unique and the price for the game may seem steep now but its worth it they have managed to update the game every week with atleast 500+ mb worth of content every weekkkkk!!!! thats great and every couple of days i hop on the game its changed and theres fixes or more content  so i rate this game a 9/10 being just a all around great game with high submersion when you shoot someone with iron sights you just feel great and the games ambiance makes you feel like your actually in ww1!! its great
76561197983769682,Not Recommended,242860,22719691,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Splattergutz,Owned this game for a long time.  Has some top ideas. The game has not sold well in AU and their AU server is all but useless so best to stay away from this game if you are in AU.  EU and US servers are too laggy and the game has no ANZAC content so was never going to sell well in AU anyway. If your an aussie don't waste your time with this game.
76561198029100943,Recommended,242860,21199604,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,NUBMEISTER,6/10 Fun at times. Needs Full team voice chat or else no one will talk and cooperate. Perhaps more players are needed aswell the game feels empty and why it has only 32 is a mystery to me. Also a autokill feature for people who stay in the trench on ATTACK is needed. Too often will your team sit in the trench while you are left out alone trying to cross no man's land by your self.
76561198008896532,Recommended,242860,18196332,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,JOE1st,love it want more and more work on it keep it coming!!!!!!
76561198063105245,Recommended,242860,22128653,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Mister Diddlez,"Spawns on squad leader with nothing but a shovel and 5 hand grenades. Squad leader takes a bullet in the throat and dies. So I toss all five of my grenades in the general area I thought the shot came from. 3 kills as a result. Then I run in the trench, expecting to get shot immediately. This does not happen. Instead I walk down the length of the trench bludgeoning every enemy soldier along the way. After killing 7 of them, the enemy team begins to notice. They know where I am, so they set up a defensive position in front of me. I decide to go out in a blaze of glory and decided to charge them. Killed 2 of them while the rest gunned me down. 10/10 shovel op"
,Recommended,242860,26045218,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Fall™️ | Lobo,"Was laying down in an enemy trench with 2 of my comrads, waiting for the enemy to wander out so we could get some cheap shots on them while we were laying down (typical camper). Anyways we are sitting there for 3 minutes, can't hear anything... So I decide to look behind me, there is waiting a bearded ♥♥♥♥ with a cardboard bowl with a shafty point on it, covering 1841 pixels out of 1920 pixels on my sceen. I then began to scream, not in the game but in real life, because not only did it scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. The bearded demon began to club the ♥♥♥♥ out of me until I died, shoutout to verdun for making this worst than outlast. 666/10"
,Recommended,242860,26055871,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Propper Gentleman,"I would recommend!Realistic gameplay, captures the hopelessness of the Great war. Much better than Battlefield 1."
,Recommended,242860,23041987,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mykke,Great game.
,Recommended,242860,30714387,Posted: 24 March,all,Jusanin,"so ♥♥♥♥ing fun with some friends, so if your not a ♥♥♥♥ing no life fatty no friends, get this game with some friends. overall 12.4x10^79333 out of 12.4x10^79333"
,Recommended,242860,31163929,Posted: 15 April,all,Lemonator43,10/10 would world war again
76561198156326663,Recommended,242860,29104289,Posted: 7 January,all,Gloopin bop,WHY AM I STILL GETTING HATE
76561198188501811,Recommended,242860,25651862,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,RipsKops,"has som 1 in history off this game died to a gas off enykind. gas feels so ussless cus it never gets  eny kills ( 1-2 if noob is in game ) but i relly wuold like to play more commander role if gas wuold be more usefull and i feel im at, only using grander, and wex guy,  ( som times sniper ) so i feel i have no game game chainsing mecanik. when i play commander expet som times near sqaud spawns (im all cool whit mortalls,tho) BUT PLESS BUFF GAS or nerf gas mask equip time or dmg so it gets som frags. Having gas what does basiky same as a bad smoke is so sad when it could turn game. And whit 120 sec cd and landing time its just not wort to use when u have mortals  so som squad types dont get eny play time. btw if gas has been broken in som point off game whas it that op ?"
76561198212234499,Recommended,242860,22995396,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Pvt.Eye,Best French simulator ever they give you points for Retreating :DIGN 10/10
,Recommended,242860,26603865,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ALEX,могу сказать что эта игра хорошая только вы можете умереть с 1 пули
76561198085595978,Not Recommended,242860,29424450,Posted: 22 January,all,chelec,over a 100 hours in the game and its just not fun. players with bad ping have a huge advantage over players with good ping. physics are actually terrible like beyond terrible. hit boxes are total joke. ive made shots that should have never killed anyone. just cant support this game anymore. spawns are a joke to. this is a 4.99 dollar game at best. DONT WASTE THE MONEY. theres only 3 devs crying the rest of the community does is getting old. fix the game or drop the price!
,Recommended,242860,29685567,Posted: 3 February,all,Sir Noot,THE SCOTTISH!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,242860,26911115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TomCruxButActualBobbyWitDemTools,>Start game>Join Match>Dies instantly>Dies again>motars blow up your squad and leave them limbless while your getting shot at with a machine gun>get ptsdGood game. Would get PTSD again 5/7 IGN
,Recommended,242860,30257218,Posted: 1 March,all,HiTiMiTe,"THIS GAME IS FUKINGAWESOME, THE CHAUCHAT IS AMAZING"
76561198059747883,Recommended,242860,24214300,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,patti1965,it is a lot of fun but i cant wat for it to go ot on the ps4 caz i dont have a good pc but it is fun i got it for 8 bucks but i wd pay 30 for it mybe i wll get it on ps4 wen it is ot and xbox 1 i dont have it so i wont get it on ther but it wll be the seem                      so i gev it a 9 ot of 10
,Recommended,242860,22476531,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,I Noscoped J.F.K,Hahahahah if only the game was like the trailer!!
,Not Recommended,242860,22127823,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,iCup,"90% of your deaths will leave you wondering ""what killed me?"" I don't mind a learning curve but I'd like to actually be able to learn from my mistakes. Movement is stiff and clunky, theres no real sense of progression in a round but it's trench warfare so that's kind of a tossup. Texturing is alright some of the animations are trash. Havign prone and crouch mapped to the same input and THEN makign it a toggle is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, prone maybe but crouch is unbfogivable on a toggle. Same with sights.In this day of so many indie fiascos and games that take twenty hours to become less awful if the first taste isn't spectacular it's a toss out.If you don't mind being left bewhildered as to the nature or your sudden departure, the clunky movement or the absolutely awful command inputs there's some fun gameplay to be had. maps are pretty and fairly well realized, It's going for intense realism but it kind of falls flat on its face."
76561198034178857,Recommended,242860,19638639,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Dudewitagun,This game is awsome....the gameplay is great especially with the squad based trench warfare and free for alll modes.It makes me feel like im in world war 1
76561198015450280,Recommended,242860,19652214,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,tyranny,"Very enjoyable, squad/trench warefare. I wish there were more people online. Still fun."
,Recommended,242860,19655340,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Spookbot,GREAT GAME !It truly is the most realistic WWI FPS game I've ever seen so far.
,Recommended,242860,19678843,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Nipplelion Boneherparts,"best ww1 game on the market . great gameplay, with an excellent leveling system and tonnes of hours of my life that could of been spent doing something useful"
,Recommended,242860,19719236,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ramsses Amun-Ra,"Very satisfied, not a pay to win game, awsome"
76561198287172325,Recommended,242860,33261325,Posted: 4 July,all,Arthur619,awesome
,Recommended,242860,17291017,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,watshappinsing,great game
76561198314772792,Recommended,242860,32787744,Posted: 25 June,all,Zulu,very fun and action packed
76561198383060346,Not Recommended,242860,32763542,Posted: 25 June,all,G-Dragon,画质太渣
,Recommended,242860,8348752,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,C. Bauwens,"This is a very fun sim game, and it is fast paced too! it is not done yet, but i cant wait until it is done. Amazing game"
76561198121529814,Not Recommended,242860,17504345,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Mike of Death,"What a waste of time. Basically the only way to get any points is camp the entire time, which means nobody can achieve any of the actual objectives of the game.If you like getting killed by campers endlessly and watching the spawn countdown for 30 seconds every 31 seconds... then go for it... but for me, this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game definitely not worth the money."
76561198087869041,Not Recommended,242860,17369778,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ragman41p,just a nether hacked up shooter game
,Recommended,242860,29617546,Posted: 31 January,all,Sidorovich,"Verdab is probably the most realistic depiction of World War I in a videogame to this day. Do not expect this to be a frantic action game like Battlefield 1 for example. This game's pace is much slower and is fairly tactical, unlike most fps games today. This game is not as realistic as lets say Arma III either, so if you're looking for that you're out of luck again. It's a nice middle ground between those two I would say."
76561198024520847,Recommended,242860,26305526,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Th-The Bone Broth,10/10 would PTSD again
,Recommended,242860,20366222,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,moscaflaca,"I love Verdun. The maps are great, the community is helpful and friendly, the devs are working to improve the game. This game essentially makes you feel like you are a soldier in WW1. The uniforms, weapons and gameplay is all relatively historically accurate. Far better game historically speaking than Battlefield 1. The game is being continously updated by the developers with lots of free LC which is great. Overall I really like this game but keep in mind, if you're used to the mainstream shooters, its not like that. This game is more like Red Orchestra 2 or Insurgency."
,Recommended,242860,10520565,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Epic_Gwama,"The game has built an identity for itself. The idea of dying in less than one second of spawning is probably the harshest but most fun mechanic ever. This game is hard, and harder when using only a shovel, but it is worth it. I need to say, some of the maps can get very frustrating, but that is Verdun.I will recommend, but one more note; it is hard and frustrating, even for me (lvl 100)."
76561198091970371,Recommended,242860,10541534,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Space Weeb,Great game. Filled with WWI fun and shooting. Do not expect a huge killstreak.
76561198092151029,Recommended,242860,10558108,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Death and Glory,all time favorite steam game so far
,Recommended,242860,10561641,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,OnlyAntony |HG,"What can I say? How can trench warfare be fun in a game? Well Verdun manages it! Moving from trench to trench, crater to crater, giving head shots when someone pops their head over the top. Eventhough it is still in beta, it is extremly playable and I have had more fun playing it than any game of CoD."
,Recommended,242860,10590479,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Swooce,I really enjoy this game. Its different from the generic FPS. I only wish more people played it.
,Recommended,242860,10600572,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Norse Heathen,"This game is tons of fun! Rather than getting insulted by the enemy team, I was complemented for using effective strategies. Some of the Devs will also get on to various servers and talk to the community a bit, which is certainly appreciated! Teamwork is also greatly encouraged, as you get extra points for working together.My only complaints are that there's no voice or squad chat, making communitcation difficult in tight situations.Overall, if you like team-work based FPS games, you're gonna love this!8/10"
76561198086289576,Recommended,242860,10610237,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,WERSEBE الله أكبر,Very fun WW1 first person shooter.
,Recommended,242860,10627215,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mojo,fast loading red orchestra
,Recommended,242860,16285890,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,*SCI* Adobe Photoshop,SpawnWalk 5 metersget shot from nowhere420/69 would die again
,Not Recommended,242860,19081911,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Absolly,My System Specs:- OS:	   Mac OS X 10.11.1- CPU:	Intel Core i7 2.8GHz (4.0GHz turbo boost)- RAM:	16GB 1600MHz DDR3- Video:	   AMD Radeon R9 M370X 2048 MB- Disk Space:     512GBi get just about 30 fps on the very lowest settings (and can't refund :'( )
76561198315847178,Recommended,242860,25435701,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,no,Pretty good i rate it a 9/10 potatoes
,Not Recommended,242860,25730657,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,dEagle,"So I just recently bought this game and after hearing a few positives about it especially after Battlefield 1 Beta got released I was looking forward to it.What is bad about it:The game is incredibly dark, both me and my friends have brightness turned to max and even then it hardly helps, it's really hard to make out enemies on some maps and you might say this is realistic and meant to be, but it just feels clunky. If you're watching the short videos here on steam, the game is nothing like it in terms of brightness.Who is your ally and who is your foe? Well you have to aim at the centermass to really know, unless you are steady on the uniforms. And even when you aim at your ally all you really get is tiny white text that can be really hard to make out amongst everything. Thank god there's no friendly fire. There is no form of outlineing on your enemies so coupled with a dark corridor you have only the muzzleflash to guide you.The attack on a trench. The only indicator to how close you are to taking the trench is a red circle slowly filling up. It took me 2 hours to understand this, there is no mentioning that you are now taking over the trench, just a sudden red circly. Wouldn't have figured it out if my friend didn't tell me, I thought it was my healthbar slowly filling up again.Where is the front? When you spawn you get no indicator as to where you enemies are. You have a hovermarker saying Attack or Defend, but it's fairly vague and I usually had to spend some time to figure out where I was supposed to expect enemies from.The map? Useless. Shows you where you are within the confinements of the map, but apart from that it's basically useless, hard to make out trenches and routes.Wanna add a friend through steam on the ingame friendslist? Good luck figuring that out, I had to join my friend through the steam function and then add him once we were in the same game using the ingame list. Typing your friends name or just getting him from your steamlist is apparantly to hard to program.Pointsystem? My friend told me we were down 3-0, how he knew I have no idea, I just noticed the switches from attack to defend without thinking to much about it.Cheaters, like with every game, they are here too.So to the good parts, the game got potential. It have the potential to be a good game, but for me it's to many flaws that ruined the experience. It might be realistic, but that's really not a plus when the realism just makes the game feel clunky and unneccesarily punishing.The guns are good and realistic, there's a progression system available to improve your classes within the various countries. You'll also unlock new weapons fairly quickly which for me was a big plus as I really only found joy playing with a scope on my weapon.Each country offers small differences to each of the classes, not to big to make them unfair or unbalanced in comparison to another, but just enough to make the experience refreshing.Now why don't I recommend this game? Because I feel that the game at the current state is not worth the asking price. It is to unpolished and should be labeled early access to avoid confusion. This does not feel like a finished game, but more as an alpha or beta release."
,Recommended,242860,13251075,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Riki323,The game is great but it crashes a lot
76561198011584735,Recommended,242860,19453568,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SpeedoCop,is gud gam ya10/10 memes germans with gas LOL XD IM SO FUNNY
76561198052193042,Recommended,242860,17716083,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,yarfocan,"While Verdun being a good game it can only achive being a downgrade to Red Orchestra 2.Literally no reason to playthis now. Yes its fast paced arcadish ez to learn but lacks depth. Frontlines is fun at times but its nothing compared tothe glorious RO2 mp gamemods. Other       than that every little aspect of RO2 makes a better game than verdun as its an in depth solid satisfying experience right there. If u like Verdun u should definately try RO2.In short Verdun is COD and RO2 is BF. Both are good games and i recommend them but clearly one of em is better. Worse can be ""enough"" and better can be ""too much"" for some people but it sholdn't change the facts."
76561198107050726,Not Recommended,242860,19065855,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,HoSTiLe,"The potential for this game is very high, it has elatively nice graphics and the squad play is pretty interesting however the major draw back of this game is the engine. The physics and mechanics are very sticky and almost delayed even. when watching other players jump over barb wire, they hop with no animation and float ever so lightly back down to their feet. When approaching cover, the character will on average be vaulted over the cover exposing your position. All of that really takes away from the immersion of the game."
76561198054072255,Recommended,242860,16277094,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Matthias,Awesome game!!!!It only needs an anticheat but thats all
,Recommended,242860,24298590,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Dr. Dre,Little Advice if u want to buy this game.If u like camping in Fps game >-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> YOU SHOULD BUY IT<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
,Not Recommended,242860,23944954,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Betlog Patatas,No People In Asian Servers plus no SP like bots.
,Not Recommended,242860,24031309,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Wokka wokka,"There is a really annoying learning curve. There's no real introduction, the UI is crap, and gameplay is super janky. Glad I got this on sale because I would have been fuming if I had actually paid full price."
76561198195985310,Not Recommended,242860,25505737,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Where is the pyro update??,not fun. and one of the most glitchy games i have everp played
,Not Recommended,242860,19102721,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Trump's Lady Lumps,Gets boring after 5 hours.
76561198068081483,Not Recommended,242860,24007481,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KarlXMarxTheSpot,"The game is limited by it's technical difficulties. While the concepts and mechanics are good, the mpa glitches that cause your aim to shake when prone and the delay in shooting (Even when you have 24 ms ping) make this game alot harder to love than it should be. I wouldnt recommend because flaws like these should of been ironed out long ago, and make it frustrating to play. If you can forgive them, though, it's a pretty good game."
,Not Recommended,242860,28088054,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,bisexual robot,Cool but no user base and feels clunky.
,Recommended,242860,21333181,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,JERry,A great game that no one plays
76561198063980771,Recommended,242860,23112281,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lord Oddish,great game have spent many of hours playing it
76561197992282104,Recommended,242860,15606249,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Daemien,"This game is a heck of a lot of fun!! If you enjoy Red Orchestra, you'll love this one too!!"
,Recommended,242860,20859661,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Cole Phelps,LOVE IT! :)
,Recommended,242860,22628675,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cotton91,"Tony sucks at this game, He thinks hes the best but he actually sucks."
,Recommended,242860,17832086,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,pussyslayer69,is ok
,Recommended,242860,10709918,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Orbitoclast,Erich Maria Remarque simulator
76561198087299019,Recommended,242860,10738016,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,benjaminwebb97,"So far, I love this game. I've wanted a WWI based shooter for years now, and we finally have one. It's incredible, and accurately depicts the ebb and flow of trench warfare. There's no feeling like charging a trench and trying to wrest control of it from the enemy. 10/10 would fight the Germans in 1916. WWI part-2 anybody?"
76561198071035192,Recommended,242860,10738067,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Adeptus Mechanicus,"Great game, I just hope you don't have a short temper because you die alot and quickly. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,10741150,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ringhloth,"Great FPS. Some of the best pacing I've seen, and when the teams are unbalanced, it doesn't drag on. Has a great balance of fast paced action and slow paced tension. The classes aren't too varied, but it isn't like they had much to go on in terms of WW1 weaponry."
76561198126479475,Recommended,242860,10741709,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Logan,fun game
,Recommended,242860,10562844,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mr.  Meeseeks,fun gameworth a shotregula updates make the game better each timeneeds a bigger player base so if you can i would recomend a buy
76561198055480712,Recommended,242860,10723131,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Howling Moon,"Truly a great game. For early access it looks and plays really well. It's like Red Orchestra but WWI. People say that WWI games would be really boring and it's ""just trench fighting"" but in reality it's much more than that and this games shows it. Running across the battletorn field towards enemy trenches can be scary because it's easy to get shot. Moving through the tight trenches makes me personally paranoid because at any moment someone could come around a corner or be waiting around a corner. Both the squad and rifle deathmatch types are really fun. I'm sure we'll be seeing much more content added as well. This is a one-of-a-kind game and it's on a roll."
,Recommended,242860,22417936,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,CrusaderAirsoft1,This is the best World War 1 game ever
76561198080240355,Recommended,242860,28581340,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jek,Extremely under-appreciated game.
,Recommended,242860,22805491,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Artellius,"Bought the game yesterday and when I first opened it, it crashed. Developers please help, it wont open."
76561198079750164,Recommended,242860,22868244,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Cyka Man,"I ran out of ammo in my machine gun, I thought that nobody would pop out and it would be quick. I started to reload and the entire enemy team charged and took our trench.Moral of the story, never run out of ammo."
,Recommended,242860,13050971,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,General Leedle,relly good idea but like dayz bugy mess
76561198077152515,Recommended,242860,24389095,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,griman1,"Very realistic and historically accurate, I enjoy games that don't follow a basic formula and are not afraid to try new forms of gameplay for an immersive experience. I would give it a 7 or 8 out of 10 because the weapons are too overpowered and there are some glitches and graphical errors but I am sure all these problems can be fixed. So I highly recommend this game if you don't mind slow paced fighting and coming up with new strategic battle plans."
76561198133034760,Recommended,242860,24415947,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ghall202,AMAZING! Loads of fun! 10/10 IGN.
76561198185609075,Recommended,242860,25026379,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,J1,This game has come a long way from where it started. It has grown rapidly and has become a ideal World War 1 game
76561198276571851,Recommended,242860,25029115,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,кιℓℓѕтяєαк,This game is the best World War 1 game I've ever played but at first my FPS was low on high settings but as the game updated they fixed the fps problem and now the game is amazing for me.
,Recommended,242860,25338170,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,spaceboy,"Really enjoying this game.  It has a fresh vibe to it, and it's not a constant run n' gun like many shooters.  For me, it actually has a more relaxed feel to it, and that's a great change of pace from the typical single speed, full throttle shooters.This is a tactical shooter with a fast TTK, but that doesn't mean you're dying constantly if you play smart.  Tactics and communication win the game, as well as good NCO's that stay alive and pop smoke.The squad and role system is also very different than the typical shooter.  Each server is 32 players, but everyone is grouped in squads of four.  You play with the whole team, but scoring and spawning is primarly geared around your squad.You can change squads at any time if there is an open slot.  You can also vote to change squad type and request to swap roles with a squadmate.  If you can't swap roles and really want to switch, you can join a different squad on either team that has an open role, or start a new squad if a slot is available.There are 12 squad types from different countries that have different squad roles, and each squad position has its' own role, weapons and abilities, so there are lots of choices.It's trench warfare, so you'll primarily be using trenches to move forward, but you can also move over open ground at higher risk.  NCO's (the commander of each squad) can lay down smoke or gas to help with forward movement as well as defense.If you like sometimes having a more relaxed role in a shooter, the NCO can be that if you want.  NCO's are a spawn point....if they're alive, so getting a good spot and staying down can really help the squad and team.  Then you just pop up every 60 seconds to call in a smoke arty, and follow in behind your teammates as they push to the enemy trench through your smoke or gas.I got it on sale, but I would highly recommmend it even at full price.  I will be playing this game for many years to come."
,Recommended,242860,25338549,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MorsArena,"I have only played this game for sixteen hours and I have loved every second of it. I got it because a) I am into history and b) my friends who are into history said this was an epic game. I launched it and instantly I felt naked when I saw I was standing up like a prarie dog in an open field. Sure enough, I was shot in the head instantly. I laughed and then grimaced as I got to hear my recently deceased character choke on his own blood. Next spawn, in a trench. Instantly I feel claustrophobic and a desire to get out of the trench. However, as soon as I peeked I heard the whistle of bullets and I hit the ground again. This game has done one thing that I can truly appreciate and that is the atmosphere. I always feel in danger because in this war, any wound can be fatal. As I have crossed the empty holes of No-Man's Land I have encountered the poor souls whose turn it was to meet their maker and have had to listen to them whimper and moan in pain as they slowly succumb to their wounds. I can feel the heart pounding terror as I hear mortar strikes rain down upon me and then the subsequent whistles from No-Man's Land that signal a charge. Likewise, I have felt the adrenaline rush that comes with your NCO commanding the charge and it being your turn to throw yourself at the enemy.The game isn't perfect but the atmosphere is as close as it can be and I love it. Every map seems to have been carefully designed so that they resemble the real battlefields, the gore and such are perfect for such a horrific war. The guns feel perfect, aggravatingly slow and primative yet strong enough to get the job done. And I can not say that I have ran into anything that might ruin my game experience. Low player count which defines when I can play it but that would be it. I definitely plan on putting a lot more hours into this. Easily 8/10 if not better."
,Recommended,242860,25338610,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Lightdark,"In an effort not to repeat what others have said, I'll make the following points:The game has been updated a lot over the past 2 years, and chances are that many issues that were brought up in older reviews have been solved.If you’re a WW1 enthusiast, or have any interest in antique guns, this is probably the closest you’re going to get to historical accuracy.Verdun's new player experience is frustrating until you learn what works and what doesn't. Most of the negative reviews seem to be from people with less than 5 hours in the game, which doesn't surprise me. Verdun doesn't have ""tiers"", meaning that players with 10 hours in the game play in the same matches as players with 1,000, so prepare to die over and over to experienced players. If you push through, however, there may be some fun on the other side.Verdun is not a AAA game. The engine is cardboard, and the game is generally buggy and clunky. This has a certain charm, however, and it means that it doesn't suffer from the excesses of AAA games, either.The community is relatively small, unless the game is on sale, in which case it's flooded with noobs with a very high attrition rate. It you play this game beyond the sale periods, you'll often run into the same people.The balance is all over the place. NCO powers are unbalanced, squad loadouts are unbalanced, and there are many useless weapons, including arguably all scopes, all melee weapons (except the bayonet), and all the ""variety"" weapons like the flamethrower and the tank rifle. Some rifles are also clearly superior to others, and the German MG is leagues ahead of the French or American one. You can have a lot of fun with subpar weapons, but they're not competitive.In my opinion, Verdun is best played with friends so that you can suffer together."
,Recommended,242860,24345032,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Nanashi,I love the rush of charging the enemies Trench. 10/10 would get shot for rushing again
76561198119210301,Recommended,242860,24415921,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,SisyphusRollsOn,>join server>join rifleman class in landser>gunfire and mortar fire all around me>follow squad through No Man's Land>hide behind a dead horse and get a lot of kills>finally die>buy an upgrade>get scope>feelsgoodman.jpg>go full Sniper Elite>get a ♥♥♥♥♥on of kills>get a medal for longest killstreak and time spent in No Man's Land>10/10 it's Sniper Elite but in WW1
76561198104190990,Recommended,242860,24418818,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Pajama Sam,Dont let your dreams be dreams.
76561198179644845,Recommended,242860,25337525,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,theverytallmidget,"This is a great game I strongly encourage you all to download it the money is sooooo worth it!As for the creaters,It's great to see the hard work and improvements being made as we play this game, I personally think that if this game had a campaign the amount of purchases would triple! This is the best and one of the only WW1 games on steam that I actually like playing. This probably goes for hundreds of others too, thats why this creates a huge advantage for the creaters of the game to make it the best possible. I strongly encourage to buy this game, and I wish good luck towards the creaters of this marvelous game. (I keep my fingers crossed campaigns are gonna be released) XD"
,Recommended,242860,26610180,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,The_Hojo_Tojo,Step 1: Spawn. Step 2: UBERTRIEBEN!!!!. Step 2: get shot. Verdun everybody
76561198313269582,Recommended,242860,25020274,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,The Enforcer,good game and good concept but like most games there is room to improve. i seem to get board of this game quickly because i feel like im not really gaining anything by playing it. the lvl concept is very wrong in my oppinion they should maybe consider lvl up = new guns not lvl up = points for classes to get guns
76561198032227676,Recommended,242860,25340557,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DullSwordsman,"You will die for nothing a lot. no ground gained and just a lot of bodies. but you will have a lot of fun in the process, breaching or defending a trench is very quick and exciting."
76561198071768887,Recommended,242860,25241894,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mac,"Fun Fun Verdun Dun*, A solid 8.7/10*major powers NOT sold separatelyDo you wish you could re-live the god awefulness that was World War One?Well... Here ya go, I guess.How about role-playing as a baggette carrying Frenchman?Yeah, this game's good for that. (Although, there is no surrender mechanic... Not a single white flag in the French Arsenal, actually...)Do you...You know what, just get in here and shoot some bloody Germans. Everything is going to be okay."
76561198027579070,Recommended,242860,24365277,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Mike Hunt,this is a great Original ww1 shooter game 10 times better than battlefield 1 will ever be. realism wise this game is ♥♥♥♥ing great. but if you are used to fast pace♥♥♥♥♥♥well ♥♥♥♥ off and stick to battlefield you scrubs
76561198234113308,Recommended,242860,23978840,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,808kazzie,"Amazing game! great gunplay and tactics, teamwork, graphics. I love it, honestly."
,Recommended,242860,23956652,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,striipey,"- Match starts, over the top, machine gun, die.- Respawn in phosgene gas, die.- Kill an enemy, sniper, die.- Cower in trench? follow the french? Die.- Die? Die.10/10  best death simulator on Steam."
,Recommended,242860,23972390,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Isimiel,I found the price of a mile pick it up if you like shooters hell pick it up if you dont like shooters its fun and worth the price unlike some other titles it does need some work though
76561198049686763,Recommended,242860,23974813,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,OfficialBabySmurf,"Verdun is a very good WW1 role play shooter that really got my attention when i saw it on Mr.Sark's  youtube channel. I love this game!!! One time i had a dream were i was a soldier in ww1 and all of my buddies were killed when a fire was started in my trench by a German soldier. When i woke up i got on my computer and i played this game, when i got on i felt so scared and i wanted to cry. That tells you how real this game feels to and to many other players. 10/10 stars!!!!"
76561198085812637,Recommended,242860,24416941,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ass Smashum,A+ WW1 game. Good realism.
76561198016419268,Recommended,242860,25033761,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Scharfschütze_TiM,The game is good. The main problem is that I cant do a 360 no scope.
76561198038174734,Recommended,242860,23971780,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Wheels of Steel,"This game emerses the player into world war I. If you are hype for battefield 1 I highly suggest you give this game a shot. Its brutal, vivid, and emersive; what more could a player want?"
76561198273066776,Recommended,242860,23972179,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Edelweiss,This is a game that gives you some amazing war stories. It is one of a kind and amazing in so many ways. It's easy to pick up but very hard to master.Get it.
76561198160271533,Recommended,242860,24369146,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,UnrelatedPopcornFire,Only game where a KD of 11/11 makes you feel proud
76561198168430485,Recommended,242860,24379064,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,MemePoliceHideUrMemes,"Very fun rifle gameplay, this game requires precision, skill and tactics, which is very rewarding. Awesome WW1 shooter, the closest game to the real thing. Great game all around."
76561198045180989,Recommended,242860,24401666,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,GorilaMutila,"I played this game just over 10 hours now, but I must say: what a great game.Weapons here really hurt (mostly one shot one kill) and it is frustrating to jump in a trench and get immediately killed. Since balance is not really the point here, you get the feel that anything goes during a match: camping, running, grenading, bayoneting... everything to stay alive a couple seconds more.Running from crater to crater trying to reach the enemy trench gives you a very small taste of what soldiers back in the day felt. One really becomes anxious when you are ordered to go over the top, running and dodging bullets, desperately trying to reach the enemy trench and, with luck, establishing a foothold. Fighting in trenches filled with green toxic gas gives it a truly other-worldly feeling, with enemies wearing masks looking even more menacing suddenly poping out of the smoke.It is not the vibe one usually gets with other shooters and I recommend this game for precisely that reason. Aiming is not easy, getting kills neither, and staying alive is even harder. You get your blood pumping and the frustration of being shot as soon as you step on the enemy trench after dodging bullets over no man's land is more than compensated when you and your squad finally manage to conquer said trench against all odds.Very innovative (and fun) gameplay, great atmosphere, and very good history lesson. 10/10"
76561198007046019,Recommended,242860,24402795,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Little Fella,"9/10 I was suprised how much I enjoyed this game. A great game to play with friends or just random people over voice. Teamplay is encouraged and enjoyable. The authenticity in Verdun is commendable, but it doesn't sacrifice realsim for fun. Gameplay is skillfull, if a bit slower paced than most shooters. Prepare to die often while learning the ropes. Verdun offers a focused and well paced experience facilitated by good map design and strong fundamental mechanics. As a side note, I found this game more demanding to run than most, however it still looks fine on lower settings. Highly recommended.TLDR: Authentic, team-based, skillfull, patient, and fun!"
76561197964810194,Recommended,242860,25027097,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TripleLOL,Fun and challenging game. The historical elements are very interesting.
76561198296783851,Recommended,242860,24331028,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jonas 6000,"Hallo,Ich besitze diesen FPS (First-Person-Shooter) jetzt schon seit einigen Wochen.Und ich muss sagen das dieses Spiel auf jeden Fall für Gamer ist die FPS mögenund sich für das Szenario des 1. Weltkrieges begeistern. Dieses Spiel ist nicht nureine Überbrückung zu Battlefield 1 sondern ein völlig eigenständiges Spiel das den1. Weltkrieg wahrscheinlich so gut darstellt wie kein anderes Spiel es je könnte.Natürlich liegt es an einem selbst sich dieses Spiel zu kaufen. Aber ich kann es trotzdes hochangelegten Preises nur empfehlen.Bei genaueren Fragen mich einfach kontaktieren"
76561198017382980,Recommended,242860,24344480,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,A lenda da paixão,"I really like the gameplay of this game, specially the frontlines mode. At the start you might suffer to be able to do something without dying, but give this game a chance, a few matches, and you will learn to enjoy it!"
,Recommended,242860,24361555,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Polymerisation occultation,Accurately portrays the tame and docile conflict of the first world war.
76561198310289724,Recommended,242860,24372087,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,nfaveter3r,please update-tank-plane-more guns-and much more please thinking it
76561198143834050,Recommended,242860,24382230,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,killerkacatoo,its like insergency but in ww1. its amazing
76561198052265247,Recommended,242860,24402291,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dendroth,"It's a good game. Some of the maps are amazing. Others the amount of terrain you have to cover to push or take back is insane and snipers have the advantage.Graphics are great, hit boxes are a little wonky and the bullet sounds are iffy at best.Learning the game is pretty painful as there is no tooltips. Just a link to a steam guide.After the learning curve the game gets better.If you're not co-ordinating with your team and other squads it makes hard to take back points.Overall good game not sure if it's worth 30$ CAD if it was 15.99$ that would probably increase the population. As the population is pretty low."
,Recommended,242860,25024723,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Gertie Fremont,"It's a WW1 game and it's good. You might want to wait till the reviews of Battlefied 1 come out before getting this game. It may be better. If your looking for historic accuracy though, this beats battlefield."
76561198050754212,Recommended,242860,28084351,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Air_Lunatic,"This game gave me a reason to play something from WWI.Realistic battles,when  you show your head out of trenches for too long your dead (just like in reallity).If anything this game is worth to buy and play"
76561198077645627,Recommended,242860,23975622,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EszU6,"Fun and Realistic Gameplaypros:Mustard GasOp WeaponsRifles pretty much one shot everythingww1 settingCons:High Ping all the timeBut overall worth it, and you can play it on the lowest settings if your pc is a toaster!"
76561198065858936,Recommended,242860,24326629,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ice_Archer,gr8 m8 8/8
,Recommended,242860,24365316,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,OPpotato,Best dying simulator. Sorry BF1 but until you have a total deaths counter you ain't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game
76561198093878636,Recommended,242860,30945133,Posted: 4 April,all,Halowarman,"> Join server> go into german squad> meet a cool guy> got bored so we decided to rush to no mans land> half of the trench joined us> all around us, our team mates started getting mowed down by a machine gun> ohshitweshouldnthavedonethis.mp4> 10+ People jump in one little hole while me and the cool guy retreat while zigzaggin> one guy throws grenade and kills said 10+ people> runfastas♥♥♥♥boi.mp4> i die10/10 would experience this again."
76561198078188493,Recommended,242860,30950651,Posted: 4 April,all,Splodge Rogers,"probably the best WWI simulator out there. it's fun, it's gritty, and completely merciless.10/10 would cower in a crater in no mans land again"
76561198210810201,Recommended,242860,32110273,Posted: 1 June,all,Carl Johnson,I Fall In Love With This Game! I Hope They Make Civil War Version! It Will Be Awesome! And Please Make Game Cheaper And Make Many Advertise please make auto team balance also and renew anticheat every month so cheater never come in
,Recommended,242860,32716584,Posted: 24 June,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Better than BF1!It is also probably the most realistic ww1 around!Would definatly recommend to history buffs and fps players!
,Recommended,242860,33447979,Posted: 10 July,all,Timegaming,Nothing beats getting a headshot from across the mapIf you're thinking of getting this game I would say DO IT NOW!. *hurr durr* bf1 is better than this* I have played both and I prefer this than bf1 because if the infantry focus
76561198168690505,Recommended,242860,16564006,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,✡KINGELI✡,"The game is awesome and very atmosphereic but it's still needs some work.When you shoot even from close you sometimes cant hit and sometimes it goes through the oponent, they need to improve the accuracy.The lag is terrible and the devs dont care, changed my review to thumb down.Edit: after the last update they fixed the lag and added new awesome game mode, I give this game the thumb up it deserves!"
,Not Recommended,242860,19814364,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,KillJOE,"Less interesting and accessible than red orchestra.  Not being able to leave the trench, while understanding from a historical aspect, makes for dull gameplay"
,Recommended,242860,30089245,Posted: 21 February,all,Megajoemama,Fun and Good game
76561198170156762,Recommended,242860,24711670,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Weeone4fun,"Verdun is great, so im going to tell the tale of me old Battles in 1915...There i stood in uniform along brothers, rifle shouldered ready for an army. I thought i was invincible i thought i was made of steel, i was ready. The order was givin, We have a foothold PUSH ONWARDS!! And so i did with my Friends, my Brothers, my squad with my we charged into Hell itself. As shell's and bullets wized around us, the mud flew obscuring our vision. Falling into a trench i watch as my Sqaud pushed forwards, i peered over and Stared in horror as they where gunned down. Threw the Skin, the Flesh, The Bone. Blood was everywhere, bullets where to. just like that my Family was gone mowed down by such an impassible force. I sat in the trench alone an affraid, waiting for someone to come help.No one did. what felt like hours passed the Consistant ringing in my ears was miserable, and painful. But then i heard it the sound of sloshing mud, the sound of boots pounding into the Earth, i waited expecting my Friends, but only to see The Enemy, Germans all around meForcing there way toward home. It would not stand, i drew my rifle and fired into their backs, i fired untill i ran dry of ammo. I looked for a way to run, but there was none. I peeked over to only watch as mud flew into my eyes, i was almost shot... i almost died....I then realized that i shouldn't of lied about my age. i Shouldnt of enlisted into this hell. War is ♥♥♥♥ing War, it isnt games. I decided to run, it was the only thing on my mind. I ran and ran back to what i thought was our trench's, But they where overun by thy Enemy. They turned and stared me dead in the eye, they fired into me. Threw my Flesh and bones, Splating my blood over the mud and wood in the trench. But i wouldnt let it stand, with my good arm i thrusted my 1903 into the man, and i stabbed repeadily, i stabbed, and stabbed, until his face was missing. I looked at my bloody uniform. I looked at the hole in my arm. This was it, i couldnt push anymore. But i forced myself onwards.I was soon surronded by the Mustard Gas, I struggled to put on my mask. as i did so i ran forwards once more, to our Back line trenchs. i ran untill The Men where in sight, but then i felt it hit me. I felt them peirce threw me, throwing my blood, my Bones, and my limbs over my Fighters. I stood holding my Chest where the holes where, i clentched my fist and looked up towards my men. But they weren't my Men... They were the German's. I looked into the eyes of my Shooter he was like me. A Boy who was here because he followed his father. I fell down onto my side, the world became grey, the sound of a whistle soon came. An Explosian and then black.   My Days came to an end.That is verdun in a nutshell."
,Recommended,242860,12041650,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,El Presidente,australian servers pls
76561198013451251,Not Recommended,242860,20812536,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Slick,"This game might appeal to some but its not what I expected. The gameplay seems slow paced and dull. I was expecting something like Red Orchestra 2 for WW1. The servers are small only 24 players per server.Again, some people may enjoy the game but I personally did not."
76561198216879116,Recommended,242860,25076852,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,maxconran,Dope
76561198012330764,Recommended,242860,33811334,Posted: 26 July,all,Roger Dodger,"Teammates get in my way more then the enemy does, pretty good game."
76561198265120207,Recommended,242860,23470970,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,M.J.>.<,Used to have this game before only problem was for me it wasnt as good as i expected.
,Recommended,242860,23486962,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Weak Memes,"This game is very beautifully made and I find it very interesting, but it is very expensive. Another thing is that on one of the loading screens for the Aisne sector, there is a bloody beach ball in the middle of No Man's Land."
,Recommended,242860,18623305,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kurtz,They said the war will be over by Christmas...
76561198010077015,Recommended,242860,16614516,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Thor,"Clear, blue skies above. Seems so wrong to see something so beautiful in amidst of all this death. The sound of a bullet whizzing past my ears jarrs me out of my reverie as the NCO gives the command to charge forward. Diving over artillery holes and weaving past flimsy cover I pray for a miracle to let survive through no man's land. Somehow we manage to dodge through the mortars pounding the area to reach the last foxhole before the other trench. Commanding us up and over, the NCO charges forward, managing to yell ""Danger Clo-!!"" as a bullet explodes through him in a cloud of blood, cutting his warning short. His body falls back and he stares at me with dead, soulless eyes. Too terrified to brave whatever caused his death I just rock back and forth in my hole praying this nightmare would end.10/10."
,Recommended,242860,23015960,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Blandpepper,When battlefield 1 gets confirmed as ww1 but you already own verdun.
76561198019742706,Not Recommended,242860,26575542,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,grimbley,"the german MG is the most overpowered game wrecking and dominating weapon in the game.completly sucks the fun out.the devs desprately need to nerf it, because as it stands there is nothing that can be done if even the most competent gunner is playing. it kills from accross the map, and in 2-2 hits. i dont know what the devs were thinking.granted its historically accurate, but that doesnt stop it from being extremely unballanced and pointlessly overpowered."
,Recommended,242860,13609536,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tortmon,Bought for £10 next day it was £5 £10/£5
,Recommended,242860,24549775,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Benwah,"Battlefield 1 with more trenches, bolt actions, and non-DLC French."
76561198039606674,Recommended,242860,16501598,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Commie Scum,9/11 Game would reccomend
76561198061894091,Recommended,242860,17711541,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,TheMcdoogle,"""its great, buy it""-everyone"
76561198050928696,Recommended,242860,18035908,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,"""It wasn't real Socialism""",Got killed by a German with a shovel. 11/10 would get shovelled again
76561198102550462,Recommended,242860,19969479,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,XxavionnxX,"Somthing tells me, Sky Blue wasn't the best choice for uniforms...11/10 would French again"
76561198041106020,Recommended,242860,17858352,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,GentlemanPirate,"This is the only review I have ever given and it is for this game. The atmosphere, the gameplay, the graphics, and the constant updates makes this a winner!I have plugged many hours into the game and my skill has increased because my Kill/Death Ratio has gotten better. Which means YOU WILL GET BETTER too! It does take practice and the controls feel a little clunky compared to Next Gen level responses. But once you get used to it you can get pretty fast.I will say this game has given me the closest thing to PTSD you can get from a game. It definitely is a look at WW1 up close and personal.I'd say the biggest con of this game is: you are in a simulator of Live, Die, Repeat. Especially if you're a newb. It's one shot one kill so keep your head down! People get stuck in stalemates on the two starting trenches a lot so the experienced players know where to find you in their sniper scopes.ALSO careful when you go prone uphill. Just because you look like you're in cover does not mean you are.Their working on that.The only other thing that may bug you are those on chat. Things can get a little heated. BUT I SAY: It's a war game chaps! And trolls don't bother me at all in this game. I think it adds to the war atmosphere.For the most part, people are fun, friendly, and will help call out which side of the trench is being attacked or breached.Levels are huge, Guns are fun(I Recommend the Bayonet attachment). NO PAY TO PLAY HOORAY!TONS of replayability, they have a Free for all gameplay too, but bring your sniper rifle. All in all the Game Developers love their game and it shows which is the icing on the cake.WHY HAVEN'T YOU BOUGHT THIS YET? DON'T YA KNOW WW1 NEVER ENDED? NOW OVER THE TOP LADS!"
76561198186106555,Recommended,242860,20147387,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Bong Spirit,"Verdun – What, who, how? (a review by Muffs(ie))-----------------------------------------------------Verdun is a first person world war 1 trench warfare game by  M2H and Blackmill Games.As the title says, the game is based on ‘The Battle of Verdun’ which began in February 1916 and lasted about 10 months. Around 700 000 soldiers died, were wounded or went missing during that battle.But enough history, let’s get right into the game itself.You’ll most likely play the ‘Frontlines game-mode’ where two teams have to cross no man’s land in an attempt to reach the opponents’ trench, get a foothold and finally take the trench. So this game is mainly based around momentum, if your team is on the offensive side, you can charge into the battlefield towards the enemies that are trying to defend their trench line.You’ll need to really work together as a team to cross the no mans’ land and get in the other trench. More information about teams and squads comes later in this review.This game mode can become a bit tedious, where you’re waiting in your trench for the enemy to come, but the enemy doesn’t come at all. You’ll sit there for a good 5-ish minutes before eventually getting killed by a mortar.Most of the games I’ve played were very even and ended in a tie game, which isn’t as rewarding as winning a match.Other than the ‘Frontlines’ game mode, there are two more game modes. These are:* Rifles-only team deathmatch* Normal deathmatchBut the most amount of players are playing the ‘Frontlines’ game mode. And those other two are just a bit ignored.There are 2 main sides which fight against each other and these are the ‘Entente Powers’ and the ‘Central Powers’. Both sides have 4 different squads with 4 players in those squads, every squad has its own role such as recon or attack.Depending on the squad type, the squad leader or NCO can call in specials commands such as artillery support, gas assaults or an airplane recon.It’s important that every player in the squad and in the team communicates with each other to let them know what’s happening. I’ve found that if your team is just shooting around and doing what they want to do, you’ll probably lose your trench in no time.On to the maps! Most maps are huge, but that’s needed in a trench-warfare based game. You need to have that bit of freedom to outflank the enemy trench.That being said, I think the maps look decent enough for a first person shooter. Many trenches, stacks of logs, barbed wire, metal sheets, craters, mud, water… are thrown on the battlefield to give it that authentic feel that you’re really in the battle. And I think that  M2H & Blackmill Games have done a great job with the maps and the variety in them, hats off to those 2 there!There is a huge amount of guns to choose from and to unlock after you level up in your squad.- Most of the guns are bolt-action rifles and are pretty fun to use. Especially when you can kill that soldier that’s sprinting trough no mans’ land with a headshot.- Sniper rifles are a nice add-on to help defend your trench from attacking soldiers or to take out mounted machine gunners when your team is attacking, but they can be a pain in the *** when you’re trying to cross no mans’ land.- Heavy machine guns have to be mounted on the ground before you can use them accurately. They are really overpowered if you don’t have a good sniper or grenadier to take them out before you push. Otherwise your push will just be ripped to shreds when you set foot in the trench.- Pistols are mostly used by the NCO and can be quite useful when taking the enemies’ trench.- Sub-machine guns are a bit overpowered to be quite honest. They tear trough the soldiers like a hot knife through a piece of butter.In conclusion: Verdun is one of the best (if not THE best) world war one first person shooter out there at the moment. It makes you feel as if you’re fighting in the trenches yourself with water in your boots, your gun jamming, grenades exploding left and right, being stuck in barbed wire.. It all adds onto that authentic feel the game gives you and that is what Verdun is all about!Muffsie"
76561198002737404,Recommended,242860,23013049,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Ectafloggin,"This game is challegeing but, awesome. The combat can either be fast-paced, or slow and strategic."
76561198170051614,Recommended,242860,14885517,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,General Montgomery,"The game is doing well, I definetely recommend this. It does the Trench warfare of WW1 really well.What the game has -- A really realistic frontlines mode where you have to push in waves to the enemies last trench. Its really fun as you think your winning and then they manage to push you all the way back as if nothing had happened.- Really cool maps- Great squad system (your in squads of 4 and each have an individual class with their own weapons and abilities e.g. Corporals lead the squad and call in mortar strikes, Riflemen push into the trenches, Machine gunners offer support the advance and kill enemies whilst on the defensive, and well, depending on the nation there are multiple 4th classes like grenadiers)- Great weapons that are historically accurate.What it doesnt have--It needs more maps, although the current ones are good, after a while, they get repetative- It needs the option to be artillery and fire from behind the trenches to support your guys at the front (We get mortar strikes but we dont actually play as the morter guys, it would be reaqlly cool if we could)- It needs more gamemodes. There are only two which are frontlines and rifle deathmatch. We need something else.-It would be cool if we got a little character creation. I dont expect much but at least allow us to change our face.- It needs gore. WW1 was a gory war.What needs fixing.--There arent animatioons for climbing ladders or climbing in/out of craters (In general we need more animations and make them good - ill explain more in my next point)-The death animations are awkward (Its poorly designed ragdoll and like I said before, add GORE!)Now the game is early access and so THERE WILL BE BUGS, dont rage when your like ""Oh the games a buggy mess"". For one its not that buggy for two, its early access, EXPECT BUGS.Overall, its a great game and worth the price, I cant wait until we get the full release :D9/10 (Would be 20/10 if you listen to what i say)"
76561198065487246,Recommended,242860,25218048,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Vive La Blanc,This is where i would put a review if i could run the game.
76561198320393906,Recommended,242860,25218192,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,FAKE NATTY,very good game..!! <3Great OptimizationGreat Gameplayis just great overall
,Recommended,242860,25218545,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Thunder Dingo,"I've had Verdun every since the VERY begging in early access, ive seen this game grow from being nearly unplayable on low graphics to what it is today. From being a ""good try"" to being a great game. I'm extremely impressed with how far Verdun has gone in the way of development and is still working on it and will be for a great time. Buy this game and you'll be glad you did, its a MASSIVE amount of fun. 10/10"
76561198119692299,Recommended,242860,14894383,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,DON MAGA,Rage quit everytime I play
,Recommended,242860,14927120,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,|cybershot,Verdun is a fun game of world war l with two different modes.  the graphics are fun to play with and a wide variet of computer can handle the graphics if you tweak them.  the gameplay is amazing that you should check out.
76561198121970542,Recommended,242860,14927608,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Skinny,"Would like to buy copies as gifts to give to some friends to get them to play, but shows as unable to purchase as gift..."
,Recommended,242860,14897386,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,trolllolololol(friengineer),GREAT for those who want trech warfare (ME)
,Recommended,242860,23792567,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Eyyy Haaa,"Uncle Sam wants you to join VERDUN. It will be fun he said, turns out i got blown to bits."
76561198402118056,Recommended,242860,33466249,Posted: 11 July,all,"Yours Truly, again!",If you think war is cool. Play this game.
76561198071197484,Recommended,242860,25946623,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Critulous™,Babies play CoDKids play BattlefieldMen play ArmaMen with beards and moustaches play Verdun
,Recommended,242860,34027372,Posted: 4 August,all,The Flying Clutchman,Great game.
,Recommended,242860,32076100,Posted: 30 May,all,DeadEnd,THIS GAME IS THE GREATEST THING TO EVER EXIST ITS SO REALISTIC!!!
76561198102169951,Recommended,242860,23792050,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TheLast34,"It seemed like a wonderful game from the pictures, videos, and reviews, but the game kept crashing for me whenever I tried launching it so I refunded it. :("
,Recommended,242860,16671428,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DarthUno,"I found this game really fun! I've only been able to run on 40-48 FPS, but I think that is due to my computer. Other than that, I've never experienced any lags. It's a very cool, realistic game that takes more than just rushing into the enemy. This is a game for patient people. There is barely any music, which increases the realism, however, I would like a little more background noises. The plane sound really needs to be updated, it sounds terrible. The problems I had was squad management and upgrading classes. The game didn't make it clear how to unlock new weapons (or perhaps I'm ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) and what really annoys me is the inability to keep squads. You have to make a new one each time, and unless you find the exact same players again you'll have to restart its progress. I would like the ability to create a squad that you can keep. Also, barbed wire sometimes blocks you shots, even in the empty space between. It sometimes got in the way while I was defending. Oh yes, my complements for the game mode, really creative! Perhaps another one coming in the future? Overall, it's a highly enjoyable game, with problems that can be fixed fairly easily. 7/10"
76561198058896947,Recommended,242860,15668680,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,A Good Mate,Absalutely mint.
,Not Recommended,242860,24173633,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Freecamel,"Verdun, a game that used to be cheap and beautiful.Verdun, a game that is now expensive and unplayable.The devs then decided that the CP was too over-powered, most likely either from complaints or demographics. I'm sure they subtly nerfed CP weapons and gave Entente a boost in exemplary weaponry. Annnd that is the problem with me. My main concern is the Entente Webley, SMLE, and Mortiers.- The Mortiers give trench warfare a great PTSD feel, but NCO strikes are too impulsive and repetetive. In a full game, if an NCO decided he was to minge trenches with shells it would result in him earn so many undeserved kills.- If it wasnt nice enough for rifles being one shot- I have no idea why the game developers thought of adding the SMLE No. 1 MK III. A weapon that can hold up to 10 rounds a magazine, chamber another in half a second. Though the reload is ridiculously slow youre most likely going to see them using their side arm then.-  The Webley MK IV is also another overwhelming semi-automatic sidearm that is devastating in trenches. It can clear out about 4-6 people if you are really good with it.It is inevitable that you will find Webley and SMLEs in packs up to 4 clearing a trench alone.A game for which its player models and weaponry is broken I don't think it is worth $25 USD anymore.This game washed away its potential as it did by nerfing the flamethrowers beyond belief; redering both the game and weapon unuseable nor playable."
,Recommended,242860,15647625,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Pope the am I,"It's one of the best games I have so far although, the autobalance system just doesn't work. Onetime I got into a 4 VS 1 and they wouldn't come to my side, so I think that squads with less people should be put on to the opposite side with all their stats intact with their squad. The atmosphere of the game is just epic like, when Mustard Gas is shelled on our trench, I usually am so panicked that I am struggling to hit 4 to put it on and instead will hit reload, then I have my guy suffocating on the floor of the trench with my gas mask on. All in all, I rate it a 9/10"
,Recommended,242860,28170145,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Rat_Dog,"*joins game as a sniper**my squad is called somthing i dont remember**kills a few peeps*""Vote to change squad name to: seal"""
76561198170409450,Recommended,242860,15670071,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Loken,deffinetly the best game i have ever played
,Recommended,242860,15550191,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Batman,Wow! Im amazed I've been playing this game since it came out for early access. You guys have came so far the most recent update Has made the Game Run amazing and look awesome. You guys have not let the community down. Keep going and strive on. Dont fall into the look of making only one good product.
,Not Recommended,242860,34089917,Posted: 7 August,all,duckyduckyman,WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THERE 1.9999999 GB UPDATE
,Recommended,242860,10085521,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Pugwis,"The game is now fully released, it's still feel laggy sometimes, and to me there is something that really miss to the game experience, all kind of fixed weapons, like artillery, mortars and such, there are phisically modeled in game, but it's just props for scenery, unfortunatly..."
,Recommended,242860,19540743,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,▼Mayze6,Its a great game so far i have had this game a long time now. game play is great Etc.
76561198073668287,Recommended,242860,24031990,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[TW] Sgt. Rice Balls,Peak*dead*Stay in trench*dead*Charge*dead*Snipe*dead*Breath*dead*Type in chat*dead*Download the game*dead*Write a review*dead*
,Recommended,242860,19644943,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Arzt,Grandpa guns
,Recommended,242860,25239903,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,N8Dizzl,Great Graphic/World War 1 Setting
,Recommended,242860,23428814,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,|TGA|✠PepeTheCarolean✠,"Verdun is a realistic FPS game set in World War 1, and its just as terrifying and horrific as you may think it would be. Set in the conflicts that unfolded on the western front with French, British, And american troops fighting side by side to defeat the Central Powers. 10/10 - Pepe Approves"
,Recommended,242860,11753785,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Lucky Joker,Liked:- Unique setting.Disliked:- Very grey and miserable graphics. You can barely see enemy players.- No bullet drop.- Everyone dies in one shot. I've never been shot and survived yet.- Spawn kills.- Matches last a long time and are just you and the enemy pushing back and forth.- Very confusing UI.Verdict: wait and see.
76561198085897997,Recommended,242860,25253709,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Blackstorm,"This game is punishing. Lifes in the game are short, respawn times are long and too few maps. That is why i LOVE IT!!!I never thought you could make a first person shooter set in the western front with the aduience being 12 year old call of duty fans that will shoot anyone with a turban or have a russian accent.But this game saddens me, as DICE has gone with ww1 game with the gameplay mechanics of a ww2 game despite this game showing that its possible to make a ww1 game that feels like a ww1."
76561198235697934,Recommended,242860,20139509,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ramsesbeta,Care to take a little peek over your trench? Get ready to be shot in the frickin' face.1914/1914 would lose head again.
76561198290642461,Recommended,242860,22875114,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,axeman2211,Fun and tactacal you have to relly think before you do in this game
,Recommended,242860,34137468,Posted: 9 August,all,/BE\ Mythic,Really fun game I enjoy it very much.
76561198094635065,Recommended,242860,31110849,Posted: 12 April,all,Bolbi,"Great WW1 game. Took awhile for me to get used to it, but now im a pro with the controls. Very fun and keeps me coming back for more! Only problem i have with this game is the weapon variety for the Central Powers. other than that, its fine!!!- We do need a bigger player base; our current one is dwindling"
76561198289525231,Recommended,242860,34123187,Posted: 9 August,all,holgemand,i got the game cheap on a steam sale.-booted up the game-played it-got killed a lot-got killed some more-learned the horrors of trench life10/10 would stab germans with a bayonet again
,Recommended,242860,20380610,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,[35éme_Ldlv_Col]Jakubolp,Verdun is a very intense fps with gas lurking arournd the coner and sniper bullets screaming above your head.Verdun can be compared to rising storm/red orchestra 2 with its intensety but in a smaller scale map and in a WW1 theam.This game will make you duck for cover when ever you hear a bullet and run under a shelter because of the artys shell whistle screeming as if it was starit above you.I recomend this game for  all the fps lovers who are looking for a challeng in a WW1setting.
,Recommended,242860,22291136,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,pimponipo,Fun fun fun. Moist Moist Moist. Dank Dank Dank. Sexy Sexy Sexy.
,Recommended,242860,25520100,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,[11B]Sufferingisfree,"Well it was fun while it lasted, but nobody plays you anymore."
76561198043635729,Recommended,242860,16648570,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FakeProdigy,10/10 never thought I would have this much fun with a game like this.
76561198042228478,Not Recommended,242860,28988998,Posted: 3 January,all,KurtCobainsNeedle,"i just destoyed a whole line of men with mg firethen i pushed up and got sniped in the faceI LOVE THIS GAMEupdate.i have changed my mind i hate what they are doing with the game as they are already developing a second game, tannanburg, after they promised they would keep adding maps. also i would like to mention that i payed FULL PRICE for this game on xbox one and it didint even work for the first 2 months."
,Recommended,242860,16983887,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Pill Collins,After giving it a good try I have to say this is the best FPS I've played in a long time. Squad/teamwork based persistant leveling is a wonderful idea that encourages good players to find other good players and it presents a pretty hardcore and from what I've learned accurate version of WW1. Glad to have bought it and glad to have fought and died with so many of you on Verdun!
76561198084568019,Recommended,242860,25045314,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Erwin Rommel,It is an all around good game the only recommendation i can make is to make the guns more historically accurate eg. volly sights on the enfeilds ect... great game
,Recommended,242860,23221842,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,mclovin',perfect game for mahairies
76561198124265964,Recommended,242860,22294473,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,starfoxfan,"""I blame the jews for our loss."" - Emperor Palpatine (AKA Adolf Hitler), 4/7/2016"
76561197965351205,Recommended,242860,20521721,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Triptrippen,"Awesome WW1 game, I suffer from fps hangs frequently, generally over 90 fps, but when enemies pop into rendering range get a big hangup, very frustrating. Otherwise awesome game with trench warfare.-"
76561198006567754,Recommended,242860,16408664,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,jeffislovakia,"Amazing game. It captures WW I very well as an FPS. The maps are fairly confined, so there is plenty of action whatever map you play. It's 16v16 players on every map, and it's pretty much a one shot kill type of game, unless you are using a pistol. It's all based on trench warfare. One team defends and the other attacks. Once you beat back or take a trench, the enemy has a chance to retake it. Each team has 3 trenches, and you win by taking all the trenches or most of them before the time runs out (20 minutes). Class types such as machine gunners and snipers are very limited in every match, but that does not mean you can't browse the matches to find an open slot for either one (I never have trouble finding a class I want to play). This discourages camping.This is a beta, but it's extremely well done and updates are always around the corner."
,Recommended,242860,8177850,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Danny,"One of the best fps games I've played lately. The objective based gameplay is really addictive, and the squad system works well. A nice change from the general fps scene at the moment."
76561198071275512,Recommended,242860,8184278,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Lord Moneypants,"Verdun is a good game not great.While there are 2 gamemodes(One is like rush another is FFA) it has potiental, all they need to do is add more gamemodes, factions,and maps and it will do great.7.5/10+Unique+Fun- Bugs-lack of gamemodes"
76561198106066576,Recommended,242860,8177651,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Captain Dildo Pounder,very great game really makes you feel like if you were in the the great war i recommend this to anyone who loves good FPS's there some minor bugs because it is a beta only big one is that the sniper scope is broken for now but besides that great game
76561198055751885,Recommended,242860,34985960,Posted: 15 September,all,AviatorGriffin,The best way to make the world safe for DEMOCRACY!
,Not Recommended,242860,11515062,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Sovtek,Would not suggest getting this.Sluggish and annoying combat.
,Not Recommended,242860,21434556,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Rock Lobster,Worst game I ever bought on steam.
,Recommended,242860,33125297,Posted: 2 July,all,lowey1337,"Great game, performance could be a little better but otherwise it's awesome!If you want any referance game for this one, you could compare it to battlefield bad company 2: vietnam harcore, but with almost no automatic weapns and better gamemodes."
76561197997928705,Not Recommended,242860,33292954,Posted: 5 July,all,Zanchi1,It is a fun game but has actually gone up in price since I purchased it. Servers can be sparsely populated and optomization is  moderate at best. Gameplay can feel clunky at times and get frustrating. I do not recommend it based almost solely on the price hike.
76561198041044275,Recommended,242860,20666558,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,who needs headphones??,NICE GRAPHICS GUNS LOOKS SWEET.GREAT BACKDROP.AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,242860,35140184,Posted: 22 September,all,CorkyMacaroon,"During my time in world war 1, I saw women get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and my best friend get shot beside me and eaten by myself. I took heroin by the adam’s apple and was sexually assaulted by a band of gorillas. Every day I woke up in a trench with a needle in my throat and a gorilla up my♥♥♥♥♥each day I shot the head off a filthy communist jew I hope they burn in whichever religion they come from. Praise Satan. Everyday I watch reynads stream I had served 97% of my military time and I knew I was going to die soon. Then I saw it. The code TEMPO and the side of his screen. I used it to get 3% off my time in Vietnam and was shipped back to Reynad's basement where I was safe and the only thing up my♥♥♥♥♥was Reynad's buttplugs. I knew I was happy now I have PTSD and terminal diabetes cancer I know that I have I have pleased the immortal lord Reynad, and thats all that matters..."
76561198271938114,Recommended,242860,23992398,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,C.L.O.W.N,amazing game worth every pennie as it has greath graphics and it is so historicly accurate
76561198004538907,Recommended,242860,29244709,Posted: 14 January,all,dds2500us,i love this game i hate this game but i love it more but by god does it need more players
,Recommended,242860,30172484,Posted: 25 February,all,Logocide,Needs more players.
76561198107094711,Recommended,242860,22014054,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,RealNewDeal,"The game is a must have, great gameplay and shooting mechanics, and a recent update that is massive and adds loads of new content will adding performance boosts. The devs also listen to the community and add what they ask for."
76561198371810989,Recommended,242860,34413128,Posted: 22 August,all,bazzer1963,"After playing this for about half an hour , i was killed roughly every 30 seconds !!  that aint fun AT ALL . although i am gonna give it a chance, so far i feel like i just threw ANOTHER  load of money down the loo . i will let ya all know how i get on and i will give this game a thumbs up cos the game it- self would be great  .as it stands @ the mo i am NOT enjoying it but ya never know that could all change ??................................. Well i was right , i personally think i threw £18.00 straight down the toilet . what an awfull boring game ( from what i played) , i find no enjoyment in it what so ever. I was told there was a single player section !! not from what i can see ! you start , you die , you start, you die THAT'S IT . i am NOT an expert on playing games , but i get around them ok . but this one !! i am just gutted i wasted my money really ..... the only reason im leaving the thumbs up i cos i cant even play it enough to judge it before wanting to throw my pc out the window , oh well that's life :):) start saving for the next one ."
,Recommended,242860,13601871,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,retsinys,"I haven't seen any other game attempt a WW1 shooter but this one does it perfectly, even if its still in early access."
76561198041842088,Recommended,242860,16467967,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jim,♥♥♥♥in' mint brah
,Recommended,242860,29064061,Posted: 6 January,all,Seibah Alter,A really good fps game with trench vs trench concept + massive pvp + solo offline wave mode + a lot of squad/classes to choose from. and gore too wew
,Recommended,242860,17142623,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lookabird1,Tutorial needs work.
,Recommended,242860,17151363,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Dick Me Daddy,"Ahh.... What can I say? Brilliant mix of gameplay. Plus im a nerd of ww1-ww2 so this is history fuel :DPros: Great gunplay.Absoloutely amazing graphics and detail.Sweet atmosphere.Authentic weaponry.Cons:Glitches, Lots of them.Stability of the servers is not the best, nor is the performance. (Getting better as we speak)Confusing gamemode, THIS ONLY APPLIES TO PLAYERS WITH LITTLE TO NO MULTIPLAYER GAMING EXPERIENCE!The accents of the characters isn't the best. THE GERMANS ARE THE EXCEPTION! (Half german :D)All and all this is a beautiful game, stunning history fuel, and MUCH! MUCH! MORE!BUY IT!!!!!"
76561197998268332,Recommended,242860,17132754,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Mr. Blinko,Verdun is fun and requires time and skill to get good at.
76561198040010282,Recommended,242860,17135339,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Wallencat,"The PTSD is real with this game. Really fast paced, cool art and a real window into history. If you like FPS, I highly recomend."
,Recommended,242860,33343597,Posted: 7 July,all,marhixD,♥♥♥♥ing mortars
,Recommended,242860,16251078,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Carl Sagan,The only early access game that actually got released 9/10
76561198097858926,Recommended,242860,15463855,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Asa,very fun quite realistic and grity and soon to be a gore fest
76561198004478201,Recommended,242860,22641983,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,GhostMoose,great game great review
,Not Recommended,242860,22664688,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,United,"Ever since the update my game will crash and i have reinstalled it 3 times and verified the game cache so many time, what can i do?!"
,Recommended,242860,15644842,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,bryan_a_b3,"First time i tried this game out, i hadnt realize i played 6 hours straight. favorite battle:I'm in the trench with a Bolt Action Rifle. i go around a corner to 3 hostiles. i fire. Miss! crap crap crap, Bayonet! Bayonet! Bayonet! Bayonet! Im dead.. no I'm just bloody! and somehow crouched? I got them all! recollect.. finish chambering my next round. Let's take this trench."
76561198056884732,Recommended,242860,16375662,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Schnick,Great WWI FPS. Infact likely the best WWI FPS. WWI needs more attention for gaming.
,Recommended,242860,23495949,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Senior Kropotkin,Don't listen to people who say that new players dont stand a chance. I've only played two hours and have already gotten upwards of 25 kills.
76561198056690511,Recommended,242860,32153580,Posted: 3 June,all,Comrade Maethor,"Do you like Squad? Do you like Battlefield 1? Do you like Arma? Well here's Verdun, a corssover of all three of those games, with a friendly community of players, great graphics, and great variety. There's no question, get this game, you'll love it. I'll see you in the trenches!"
,Recommended,242860,29140159,Posted: 9 January,all,Robber,"Best ww1 game, this is ACTUAL trench war.I recommend to turn off the Aa to see the enemy movement better."
,Recommended,242860,25292508,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,bboalt,Extremely accurate
76561198070296706,Not Recommended,242860,10712432,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Peacekeeper141,Dont buy until they fix there graphics problems and the game randomly crashing
,Recommended,242860,25270200,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Sagan,"If you've been wanting a FPS in the WW1 setting, get Verdun. The mechanics to pit and keep both sides on opposite sides of the map work. There's no getting shot from someone who just respawned behind you. I've been wanting someone to make a trench warfare style FPS game for a long time, Verdun is the closest anything has come so far. I just played Battlefield 1 beta, and the entire time I was thinking I'd rather be playing Verdun.I recommend Verdun for anyone who appreciates a more methodical FPS game. Twitch reflexes help, but Verdun rewards smart players moreso than MLG skills."
76561198115822551,Recommended,242860,17144603,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Greener,"Got trapped in barb wire and my team just left me for dead, this game is dangerously realistic to how it must have been in the horrors of ww1 XD"
76561198180370134,Recommended,242860,32118396,Posted: 1 June,all,Agent Juice,trenchs.10/10
76561198013284121,Recommended,242860,33796933,Posted: 25 July,all,Sore But Whole,"One of the best WW1 based games out there, i just wish there was a larger player base because this really is a great game and i highly reccomend it"
,Recommended,242860,33767164,Posted: 24 July,all,★sliceoftoast★,Very sexy game.
76561198117316967,Recommended,242860,21516249,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,MiLO,I had a lot of fun playing this game. It feels a bit out dated but looks great and is easy to pickup. The Only part of the game i dislike is when i get shot.
76561198055895300,Recommended,242860,25257654,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,GY1415,aim the ironsights on the shotgun if you want to get out of melee range1914/10
,Recommended,242860,32965390,Posted: 28 June,all,Leiter für Kundenzufriedenheit,A good game. Especially during a sale.Sometimes the hit detection seems a bit wonky though.
76561198066637157,Recommended,242860,28690638,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,IlikeCheese,Puts all the years of cod to shame and its not even done updating :) best like trench warfare simulator hands down worht every penny
,Recommended,242860,24513212,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ArmedSpartan,11/10  Would kill Hitler again.
,Recommended,242860,13604191,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Alexander Alexandrov,"A little buggy but hey, its early access and a damn good early access title. This game has a lot of potential."
76561198193095457,Recommended,242860,32120285,Posted: 1 June,all,Senpai™,Saving Pvt. Hitler
,Recommended,242860,30088824,Posted: 21 February,all,crunchy fajitas,"Don't listen to the haters, Norm.You're a polar bear.You got this.I mean, look at those paws.You're an animal-- literally.It's an all-you-can-eat seal buffet.Go fill your plate.Read 'em and weep, boys.Cari-boo-yah!Full house.I'd bet antlers he fails again.Ah, he looks hungry.I'm giving ten-to-one oddshe catches the poor pinniped.They say I can't hunt.Oy, phooey! How can I be kingif I can't hunt?This is gonna hurt.Oh!That wasn't so bad.Oy, that was bad.They say he doesn't have any focus.Huh? Hi, Elizabeth.Hi.Augh!Jeez, it's like pure ice up here.An accident waiting to happen,you know?I mean, somebody should reallydo something about this, huh?Ahem.Lemmings.Anyway, I reallyshould get goin' now.I've got a seal to go catchand eat and I--anyway, I uh--See ya, gotta go.Bye now.Catch ya later, Elizabeth.Babe, look! A hunt!This trip is finally payin' off.Any last words before I eat you?Oh, come on. Don't say that.You always know exactlywhat to say to get to me.Eat him. Eat him!- Yeah! Eat him.- Eat him!You wanna knowwhy I'm not gonna eat you?You got a minute?Well, maybe an hour.It all started when I turned 13.In health class they told ushow our growl would change,how we'd start gettingmore fur on our bodies.But they didn't say anythingabout speaking to humans.I want one! I want one!I want one! I want one!Aren't they supposed to stay50 yards away?If this little brat takes one more step,I'm gonna pounce.Keep it up, kid.The only thing you're gonna getis a mauling.Can't ya see we're wild animals here?Did you just talk to me?Wait. You can speak bear?No, dummy,you're speaking human.I didn't know what to do.No other bear seemed to be ableto speak human.And certainly no other bearhad these weird feelings that I had.So I went to go seethe wisest bear in the world.The King of the Arctic,who convenientlywas also my grandpa.I don't know what to do.I didn't ask for this.What is wrong with me?Nothing is wrong with you, Norm.You're special.Yeah, a real one of a kind.Actually, more like two of a kind.I share the same trait.I, too, can speak to our human visitors.You can talk to them, too?I can.Polar bears are iconsof the Arctic, Norm.And an icon with a voicecan be very powerful indeed.Our land is vulnerableand we're responsible.For now, just knowthat what you and I haveis a great gift.One day you'll truly understand.But when will I understand?But it didn't end there.Human tendencieshad taken over my body.That's when I started doingthe Arctic Shake.EverybodyLet me speak freeBe who you wanna be,stand up and shout...I put the ""soul""in winter solstice.Get down move your bodyall around FLet your crazy out,let your crazy out- Shout...- Until the batteries ran out.These days, I'm pretty gladI have these feelings,but I just don't knowwhat to do with them.And that brings meto the other day.Why don't you take a picture?It'll last longer.I knew he wouldn't kill the seal.- Pay up.- Fine, here.You're lucky these thingsgrow back.I'm a bear who can't hunt.I'm softer than frozen yogurt.Who needs a bearwith too much careand not enough scare?Norm!What is that, a haiku?What did Dad tell youabout writing poetry?I know, I know. ""Leave the poetryto the panda bears.""What's up, Stan?I only caught the tail end of it...but I made some moneyoff your failed hunt today, big bro.I wish I'd caught the tail endof my hunt.Let me give you some advice, bro.Act with your stomachand not your heart.Oh, my 5:00 is here.Excuse me, Normie.I don't know why you spend so muchtime and energy on these tourists.They're ruining it up here.Au contraire, mon frre.As Dad always said,""if humans come to our land and clap,they can't come to our landand crap.""""Give them a scene...the Arctic stays clean.""Thanks, Stan, I got it.But Grandpa always said--Enough about Grandpa, Norm.He left us, remember?He's not here. We are.The humans won't destroysomething they love.And they love...us!Let's give these people what they camea thousand miles to see:a show!And go!Whoa!You ain't seen nothin' yet.Whales, I need whales.What you gonna--what you gonna do with that--How many timesdo I have to tell you?This ain't Orlando.Act real.Ohh! Not that real!Aw, that's the fourth time this month.Norm, I need you for the finale.I'm desperate.A whale just ate my actor.This is my nightmare.Aww, please.No, the Arctic Shakewas for your bachelor party.I'd never do thatfor the human tourists.Never, never, never!Yeah, no time, no time,no time to loseYou got no time, no time...- Wow!- ListenBaby, baby,won't you take my hand?Don't be afraidto take a chanceTogether there is nothin'we can't doSo start it up,get in the grooveX Dance, dance, danceOut of control- You're out of control...- That bear's not scary at all.He doesn't belong in the Arctic,he belongs on Broadway.Right?Hey, hey, can you dothe Charleston?Socrates!O wisest of the winged,brainiest of the beaked.Caw! Norm, grab a seat.Be with you in a minute.Just finishing up.And the next thingyou know, I'm twerkingin front of a boatloadof human tourists.Twerking!Have some self-respect, Norm.I just don't know why everyone wantsto be so nice to these intruders.They've never doneanything for usexcept to cometo our land uninvited.Ah, your grandfatherhad a saying--""Panem et circenses.""""Bread and circuses.""He meant it's easier to distractourselves with food and entertainmentthan to think about the real problems.What happened to Grandpa,Socrates?Did he really just disappear?The theories are plentiful.Some believe he's on a vision quest.Some people think he simplywent to search for fish,while others think he wentto follow the band...Phish.Me, I think your grandpa knewsomething was happeningand tried to fight it.And it looks like that somethingis happening.Holy icicle.Is that a human house?It's a model home.A sales tool.Just arrived, literally,fresh on the boat.It means more of these housesare gonna be coming.Humans are moving here?To live?It starts with the tourists,then someone says,""I could do this year round.""It happened to my buddy,Freddy the flamingo.He was in Florida,minding his own business.Couple of tourists show up.Next thing you know,there are plastic statues of Freddyon everyone's lawn!We gotta talk to the king.Norm, that house has nothing to dowith why Grandpa vanished.Dad, you're not listening,there's more.There's a human houseright here on Grandpa's land.Humans are moving here now.Ah, Norm, you always did havesuch an imagination, now, didn't you?- First with the poetry--- I swear it's true.Socrates and I snuck in.And look--from Florida.Norm, you are not to goanywhere near there.Do you hear me?Grandpa's land is off limits.Understood?""Snuck in.""Ha! Norm, you shouldn'tgo onto propertythat doesn't belong to you.You should know better.Besides, I'm sure the houseyou're referring tois simply a research hut.Look,son,you wanna be king?A future king isn't supposedto get so emotional.We hunt, we lead, and we sleep.Simple!Now there is plenty of iceto go around.Just stay away from there!Far away.And for the love of salmon,no more talking human!You got me?Yes, Dad.Did you see that?He wants to give away the Arctic.That's it. We're done.Norm, it all points to the same thing.Humans are invading our land.And you are a polar bearwho can speak to humans.You're the only one who cando something about this.Socrates, I can't even hunt.Norm, your grandpa once told me,""Norm's the only bear that hasthe potential to be king of the Arctic.""He feels the Arctic's pain.And if he feels it enough,he'll stand for us.""I can't even stand for myself.Norm, don't listen to them.They're just furry robotssitting in their ice cubiclesBEST WW3 SHOOTER EVER 9/11"
76561198018446175,Recommended,242860,7487249,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,COM/RED,"Now I haven't played much of it yet but I have to say that it is fun for me, because I like classic weapons.It adds more to the tension during battle if your gun is limited to one shot at a time (except Pistols I guess)It is well made but in some cases it is laggy which annoys me.Give it a try! :)"
76561198258565739,Recommended,242860,33180711,Posted: 3 July,all,owleh,do you like realism? this is the game for you
76561198082450615,Recommended,242860,34658910,Posted: 1 September,all,Mr.Bomast,11/10
76561198121342888,Recommended,242860,34672705,Posted: 1 September,all,Jlord,Are you a sadist? Do you like hating this world after getting killed by a cheater 12 times in a row? Then this game is for you!
76561198119637397,Recommended,242860,31772340,Posted: 15 May,all,The Real Slothy Slu,"I love this game. I would recommend it to anybody who likes first person shooters, but wants something different. The fighting is brutal, the weapons look great, and the historical accuraccy is above and beyond any other FPS I have ever played. 1 shot kills with rifles and bayonets, very powerful grenades, 2 shot kills with pistols and rifle bashes, and more. This game keeps it simple, and does it very well."
76561198135476198,Recommended,242860,26079019,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Underain,dude this game is epic jesus me and other guys in a squad charged like 10 of us and only 2 survived xD eveyone else got hit by arty or got shot mate this is ♥♥♥♥ing epic as ♥♥♥♥ boi
,Recommended,242860,16025349,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Neróxide,"Followed it all the way, watching it change overtime. An early access game that actually came out of early access is worth a buy on it's own (debatable). One of the best WWI FPS games. 9/10"
,Recommended,242860,34829569,Posted: 8 September,all,Thunder Skin.Trade,This game is fun but not a lot of people play it. I stays true to WWI since most of the time if u poke ur head out some rly good guys just destroys you. I hope this game will one day gain more popularity so I can play in the Asia servers without 200 ping. I would recommend this game 9/11.
,Recommended,242860,16379296,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Thorak,Respawn Simulator 2015
76561198045405386,Recommended,242860,25270581,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,arara,Best PTSD I have had in my life.
,Recommended,242860,34888438,Posted: 11 September,all,Snooper Dawg,This game is great. I feel like this game really captures the chaos of WW1. It has a great selection of guns and weapons. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,22075909,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,I lost my fucking syrup,This game is decent.
,Recommended,242860,32100723,Posted: 31 May,all,wolf395,if  your looking for a ww1 fps then i 100% think you should try  this game out
,Recommended,242860,32524154,Posted: 17 June,all,"""CRAZY"" Gaston","I played Battlefield 1 for some time visiting friends and whatnot, and every minute I played it I just kept wishing I was playing Verdun instead. That's a pretty stark comparison if you think about it -- a ginormous software company hypes and produces the ever loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a AAA game... but it misses the mark completely.Chances are, if you want to play a WW1 shooter, you understand that it's not going to be your typical run-and-gun experience, and you're probably interested in having something at least vaguely historically relevant. Verdun is the only WW1 FPS that's actually worth playing. It's straightforward, solid, and mostly focused on the Western Front, and has tons of nice historical touches to it.tl;dr Verdun > BF 1 gl hf"
76561198055287127,Recommended,242860,12994236,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,haha yes,Exellent game i like it
76561198062653983,Not Recommended,242860,20761035,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,INSANEFIRELOARD,Pros - NoneCons - EverythingOverall - I waited to long to get a refund for this garbage
,Recommended,242860,29423724,Posted: 22 January,all,LincViper,No mic support but overall. this game is good if we can all talk
,Recommended,242860,24874603,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,MattBlueshift,Being cannonfodder sure is fun!
76561198132471308,Recommended,242860,20807620,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,SovietMcmuffin,"this game is... bloody amazing!It really immerses you in ww1 europe, with historicly accurate maps.With places like the somme flanders and, of course, saigon. Wait, maybe not that last one.It somehow makes you feel what the soldiers felt, running across no-mans land, feeling the bullets whizz and crack past your ears, with your bayonet on the end of your enfield rifle.Charging with great mojo, i think.Some of them had mojo.The others feircely screaming at them and running with great speed.*AAAAAHHH, YOU DIE TODAY CURRYWURST FANS!*their fellow soldiers dropping dead by them*FOR THE BRITISH EMPIRE!**bang**bang**boom**bang*finally the remaining British (and French) soldiers get to the German trenchthere is a clash of gunshots and sounds of knives slashing at the air*6 players capturing front line trench**7**8**BANG**4 players capturing front line trench*After what seems like a day of fighting the Brits had finally got their front lines back."
76561198036821675,Recommended,242860,34860872,Posted: 10 September,all,ونحن سوف قهر أورو,Gud game.
76561198120067323,Recommended,242860,32091326,Posted: 31 May,all,Nagelfar,The spiked fence is the actual enemy here :D!
,Recommended,242860,33209063,Posted: 3 July,all,man-ray,"Really realistic, usually ends in a draw. Jumping is bs, and the artillery of higher levels is also bs. Good game, but flawed"
76561198065419151,Recommended,242860,18834474,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,itye1970,"Very atmospheric, realistic and very hard to play. Great game but be aware you will probably be shot so many times when you first start. You cant just rush out in this game and try to shoot the enemy, you need to think about cover and look around to see if its clear. Failing to find cover and just run out in the open will get you shot by snipers. Its also a lot about team play and not just who get the most enemy kills. Very similar to the World War 2 game Red Storm Rising Heroes of Stalingrad in terms of tactical play.Its so quick and easy to find a game on the servers with its no nonsense interface.Very much worth the  price, great game which does get you coming back to play over and over!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLkmiqe4iMg"
,Not Recommended,242860,24167657,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,3footrazor,"Controls are still mushy, collision detection is still terrible, and it still uses the old magic bullet style engine.On the plus side it's an interesting atmosphere for a game.Edit: 9/30/2017I figured I'd check up on this game after a few months to see if the devs have fixed any of the old issues or updated anything.  Nope, still terrible."
,Recommended,242860,24885341,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Metallic Individual?!,"I can still write a review even though I don't own it anymore. So what I'll say about the game is that it's great, but not enough people play it."
76561198073471448,Recommended,242860,25160709,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,simpsondesign,"Amazing game, probably the most realistic/best war game for me.This game features:-About 30 weapons which can all be used (mainly Bolt-action rifles, but there are also MGs, very little SMGs, knives, grenades and even a flamethrower)-Very realistic gameplay (1 shot kill, Gas attacks, Very good graphics which can be altered, slow-paced as most players stay in prone, wise decision)-The most accurate gameplay to the era I have seen, very detailed maps, bullet ballistics, mortar barrages, limbs being blown off, dying corpses in the mud writhing and crying and screaming for help before choking on their own blood and getting blown up by another mortar, cheerful stuff like that. What a lovely war it is.-TIP: don't poke your head up from the trench for more than 3 seconds, else you'll have about 50 enemy snipers with you in their crosshairs. Unless you like looking like swiss cheese, of course.-Also, instead of going straight to a game, REMAP THE KEYS FIRST, It's useful. You'll have plenty of time later to thrust bayonets into the enemy peasants later.-It may be WW1, but charging at the enemy sewing machines (or machineguns, if army slang hasn't found it's way to you yet) ISN'T as glorious as the old BBC propaganda makes it out to be. (swiss cheese... remember?!)-Also, the gas right now is really not as dangerous as it was then. You can just casually walk through the DEADLIEST gas for about 5 seconds, put your gas mask on, and you'd be fine. No need to worry. Unless there are enemy soldiers in your trench... then you should worry...-The only gun that isn't accurate on this game is the Chauchat. It actually WORKS.-Stay down. No, really. Imagine you are lying down behind an obstacle whilst machine gun fire hits the dirt all around you. Your teammates are cut down and die by your side. Some get blown up by artillery and their limbs rain down on you like snow in some sort of satanic Christmas. You hear the enemy advancing, a machine gun still firing at your position. Then, as you are still loading your bloody revolver, about 50 german bayonets pierce your♥♥♥♥♥♥and your limbless body lies there, like some sort of meaty potato sack in a khaki uniform, writhing in a blood puddle. You'll be happy to know gore can be altered.-This game is just amazing. If you are interested in WW1 (or that general era) then you should have bought this a while ago. If you aren't gonna get Verdun:step 1: don't read this reviewstep 2: get Verdunstep 3: what are you even doing still reading this? Steam isn't gonna buy the game for you.HAVE FUN. No really, you will.Are you gone yet?Scroll up, not down...Are you buying it yet?I'm gonna end the review now.Seriously.I told you so."
,Recommended,242860,17275767,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Chi chao,This is a very nice game indeed. But i see the realism very much in verdun. If you pop your head out for more than 2 seconds a sniper will pick you off. So you're just crawling around the trench most of the time waiting to get clubbed.
76561198368069343,Recommended,242860,35317405,Posted: 29 September,all,dunitagain,ok game but it has some downfalls like that while aiming down sights the mouse will not move very fast
,Recommended,242860,13705771,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ES-KrissSuperV - (FTLOTG),"Great ww1 shooter! in fact, one of the only ones I know of actually, I feel like eras such as ww1, civil war, the revolution, vietnam are kinda ignored in the gaming world, I would love to see some of those!This game is great though, unlock the sniper scope for your sniper class, and own the enemy team from a distance! pick them off one by one and see teammates butts through the scope! run through the trenches and smack people to death, put on the gas mask going around saying ""are you my mummy?"" while runing through the trenches smacking people to death!10/10"
,Recommended,242860,15641820,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,"This game is great. Need more? Well, not only is each kill satisfying beyond belief, but it's community is one of the best out of any game's I've ever seen. Nobody will get angry if you die a lot. Trust me, you WILL die. MANY TIMES. It's difficult, but it's fun as Hell. It is also very true to the trench warfare situation. Stick your head up out of the trench? BOOM. You're dead."
,Recommended,242860,22755743,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Odd Mutant,It's great!
76561198032197908,Not Recommended,242860,35288668,Posted: 29 September,all,shr84,"this game has!NO ANTICHEAT!thats very pathetic, 12 year old aim-botters weat dreamcoud be such a good game, but without the slightest reason to not use hacks its just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥TLDR: HACKERS HEAVEN, AVOID IT LIKE THE PLAGUE"
,Recommended,242860,17790781,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,0caninhs,"the one game where you can scream tenno heika banzai in ww1, then get shot in the head instantly by an MG from 100 yards that sounds like a rifle."
,Recommended,242860,14116323,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,matarabun,"Really awesome game, different game than any shooting game and the developer is really active therefore nice combination. With unity 5 this game more better than before."
,Recommended,242860,25594450,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,The Duke,I voted for Pedro
,Recommended,242860,25595364,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Gooker Spooker,♥♥♥♥ing Great.
76561197974143560,Recommended,242860,22835963,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ernimus Prime,The game is quite enjoyable.  Really like it.  May not have the best graphics.  But game play is fun.  Nice change from COD.
76561198064547572,Recommended,242860,19403950,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kriptkori,bad optimizatin. fps drops playing after a while. only fix is to restart the game againg and again when it dorps frame rate.review update. I have not palyed this game for 1 year bevause of the bad optimization. Now they seem to be solved fps drop problem. it is now more stabile. when I change the Antialising from fxaa to ssaa framerate becomes same. only difference beeteween this setting is running vga card near to %100.  when you off Antialising gpu usage will be %50. when you active SSAA gpu usage will be 80 90 maybe 100. So framerate increases %30. at least they have solved droping fframerate issue after playing a while that can be fixed only restarting the game. normaly playing this game at full graphics setting with 80 fps at 1080p with gtx1070 and i74790k. Now we can play this historical realistic fps game. please fix the gou usage. in main manu gpu is running full performans so my gtx 1070 reaces 74c. but in game gpu usage 40-60-80 not%100. plase fix that ♥♥♥♥ing problem. some are still have performan issue like ı mentiıned.
,Recommended,242860,22210692,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Grenadeh,"Like every multiplayer game that was once good on PC, the community for this title has been usurped and almost entirely taken over by children and trolls. For example, little groups of idiots who create public squads and then ♥♥♥♥♥ when someone good joins them. Then to prove they are little children, such as on co op, they will literally run in to mortar strikes and grief you until you leave. Then you have the guys who, after you just literally bayonetted 17 people defending a trench all alone, act like it's your fault when you lose a round in wave survival.This game going live and this newest patch are the worst things to ever happen to Verdun. They added way too many new guns to balance out, and the game runs better - but good lord, don't even play co op. It is so bad. The bots lag warp all over the maps and spawn on top of you, and it's nearly unplayable.PvP has improved a lot, and it's still genuine fun when you play as a team. Don't play alone, though. Ever."
76561198256761938,Recommended,242860,28190001,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Trance,Pros1}Great looking2}Super fun3}Nice Solders (as in looking)I'm lazy so lets list 3 consCons1}NONE2}NONE3}NONENow Buy the game this is a add
,Recommended,242860,29048924,Posted: 5 January,all,Liquid Sammy,Better WW1 game than Battlefield 1.
,Recommended,242860,32287432,Posted: 9 June,all,Undead,"Well, first of all i would like to say that i bought that game at the very beginning. After that i can clearly say that the game becomes to be a good game.In my opinnion, the game is good, but it gives one disadvantages that all the maps seem to be the same.To summ up i can say the game is good."
76561198209113827,Recommended,242860,19982994,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,NewMight12(AKA the Mcnugget man),"what i like about this game is it was about a very under made subject but i didnt like alot that was in the game one thing is that many of the games i played i would just randomly die and no one was even there along with many fact that the germans are able to have a submachine gun and a heavy maching gun and the allies have none also two more things if you add barbe wrier which i like but two historical facts one during world war 1 people used wire cuttters and two the wire never really killed anyone it was used as a weapon to injure and slow down or tangle up, Also another thing is if you make the map big you need to let us  use it not be exacuted for staying like that also your info said this will inculded bullet drop which is not true when i am able to get shot all the way arcoss the map by a rifle that never was able to reach that range but along with that i would like if instead of moving with a gun which wasnt a lewis gun but i like it we need to have the ablite to see more than just down a cricle sight along with the fact that during trenche warfare they used mounted lewis guns  but due to the fact that this is the only world war 1 pc game like this out there its does need improving before it can say historically accurte its okay"
,Recommended,242860,15614447,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Evandir,France retreats 10/10 realism
,Recommended,242860,15614694,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Blue Prussian,Great game. Much fun. Very hard. Try. Draw.
,Recommended,242860,22280217,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mr.Spookyman,"Verdun is an FPS game set in World War One that is as realistic as it gets. Sounds pretty fun right? You're damn right it is. I would go more into detail on how the game is really ♥♥♥♥ing good but to me, it's hard to explain.What I will say is how god damn awesome the devs are. These guys have made this fantastic game and are actively updating it almost (Or absolutely) every month at least. In each update, they bring the coolest♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game. Recently they have added a Co-op survival mode against bots, and now they're teaming up with DICE (I think) (Creators of Battlefield 3, 4, and Hardline) to add other very cool things such as cavlary and tanks!There is absolutely no DLC for this game so far and every update is 100% free. When you buy this game, you get everything that it comes with, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t whatsoever.The community is pretty good. But of course I can't explain that very well either, but trust me they're pretty good.Sure, you might get this game and stop playing it for a while, but it's one of those games that are pretty good to have in your library.If you got any money and are looking for a game to play. Then this might be your stop right here. You will get your money's worth, I guarantee it.I give this game a straight 10/10. I'm not professional reviewer, especially in this review to be honest, but that is what I think of this game."
76561198048496270,Recommended,242860,22527624,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Konrad Pooh's Dancing Teeth,I love it sooo much
,Recommended,242860,26472476,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Atriox,Realistic Battlefield 1
76561198000797282,Recommended,242860,30398868,Posted: 8 March,all,Forbs,"The game is weird, not perfect, but fun in it's own way. To top it off the devs actually spent over 5 minutes researching WW1  and they at least know what Europeans looked like!"
,Recommended,242860,25295575,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Psychic,"Amazing game!It's very realistic. It's a bit chaotic at times, but in a positive way.Warfare is a lot different than games as Insurgency, Operation Flashpoint or Arma. Each shot matters more. Machine guns are rareI highly recommend it.Pros:-Realistic gameplay-Beautiful graphics-Chaotic at some points-Different playing style-A bit gory, and the screams induce PTSDCons-Belgian voice sound a lot like Dutchmen, accent wise.-Balancing would be nice."
,Recommended,242860,32134397,Posted: 2 June,all,Potable water,"Very surprised, used to play this game in my browser, saw it pop up a few months ago but did not buy.A friend pulled me towards this game, and so far it's been a great deal of fun. Had an hour of fun in the free two days, but bought it anyway.All weapons are balanced and the main gamemode is really fun."
76561198008045636,Recommended,242860,23137524,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Eichhorst,Battlefield 1 have to exceed my expectations if its gonna beat Verdun
,Recommended,242860,16211593,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,"""There are no winners at war. Only defeated ones.""But it's FUN!!! :DThis game's EPIC, man!!It's really fun and well made...But - No time for a full review (yet), there's a BATTLE to be had!!"
,Not Recommended,242860,13532413,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Soundneko,"It tries to be fun and when its working properly it really is enjoyable, but the terrible hit detection is just to much."
76561198059421248,Recommended,242860,11463105,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,GodricValentine,"Ive had quite a good time playing the game, Been waiting for a solid ww1 game for a long time. It has its problems but what early game doesn't ? Good sounds, good guns, good  visuals. It is/will be worth the buy."
76561198127961105,Recommended,242860,23513557,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Danger_youse,Fun game the gore make it much more fun.
,Recommended,242860,29547275,Posted: 28 January,all,Octavian,"I recommend Verdun with hesitation.I'm a supporter of any game that attempts this level of immersion and difficulty. My problem comes with the interface which is simply mind numbing to try and understand. Game modes, servers, squads - what the hell do all of these screens mean?To me, Verdun will always remain a niche shooter because the game interface is just so difficult to understand. And as a CS:GO and Battlefield player, Verdun's movement and shooting mechanics feel.. clunky. And there is zero tactical gameplay. Again, as a fan of CS and BF, I need team tactical gameplay!I gave it an hour but, with so many great shooters, Verdun didn't capture my attention and I can't say when I'll return. I just didn't want to put the work into understanding what everything on the screen meant. But I know there is a good game here for those who put in the time to try. Good luck."
76561198182071277,Recommended,242860,19926599,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,what a hell'uva way to die,Joined a squad called the autism squad proceeded to fight hitlers henchmen was good day.
76561198058525512,Recommended,242860,28260928,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,"B.C. ""Luden"" Ludenberg","I watched for 2 minutes my officer melee fighting with german officer. While fighting they entered the zone where german officer was executed for desertion , and my officer got shot.Then I got shot.10/10 Best death simulator.Would not help my officer again."
76561198168995743,Recommended,242860,34740691,Posted: 4 September,all,*RaDSaun$VK*,Super buy it its worth it :) :3
,Not Recommended,242860,30622548,Posted: 19 March,all,Hendo,The game itself is really good but after 1-1/5 hours it gets really boring.
76561198121629718,Recommended,242860,25333778,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Wassoff,Respawn Simulator 201611/10
,Recommended,242860,30289400,Posted: 2 March,all,METH_LEOPARD,now-a-that's-a-spicy-a-meatbol
76561198251802484,Recommended,242860,23467211,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,CATCHXXII85,"I love this game.There is nothing more satisfying than mowing down the enemy with an mmg as they go over the top.Playing as the NCO is awesome fun especially when your team actually do what you say. You can be really efficient and rack up loads of xp.Downside....you cant shoot your own team when they dont do as ordered.Upside...You make your own squad for others to use and watch it rank up each time you log back on as other players are running it.Search and support the Handsome Devils Squad.Devils it time to go over the top and meet your desti......oh sh!t, cappys dead"
,Not Recommended,242860,20799298,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Two-Gun Dog,"Potential, but fails to deliverDoesnt have that WW1 feel to it.  I believe its because of the small game lobbies, small player base, and lack of incentive for teamworkthe matches are 32 players total. thats 16 for each side. awfully small, games dont fell alive. add to that you probably wont get in a match anywhere near full. There is no all teamchat, and no one uses the squad level voice chat, theres no incentive to use even a hint of teamwork. for someone to take command.You wont be charging across no mans land facing machine gun fire with a battalion of allies, youll be sitting in a trench in the corner of the map shooting at things that vaguely look human.movement is WAY too floaty, shooting feels arcadey, the game is way too arcadey for what its trying to be. whether this is a design choice or not, who knowsand the matchmaking system SUCKS.  the game would benefit greatly if it had dedicated servers and server browsers and not the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ peer2peer stuff."
76561197960922396,Not Recommended,242860,17513389,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Slim,"4790k, 970 and SLI, 16gigs of ram and I couldnt get this game to run smoothly. Thankfully received a refund."
76561198150235484,Not Recommended,242860,18342849,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Evans 101,"This game is good for fun for about 1 hour, then its just not very fun at all, once the aggravation with how the maps are set out ""which dont get me wrong is %100 realistic to a ww1 battlefield"" kicks in. its pretty much just absaloute luck not dieing for more than 20 seconds,So to summarise, if you love watching spawn screens for longer than you spend in game, this is for you."
76561198013968913,Not Recommended,242860,21743018,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,fullmetaljacket,pretty much a slideshow and unplayable now
,Not Recommended,242860,34596527,Posted: 29 August,all,Svenson,Don't waste your money on this game. The servers are empty and couldn't see an option for AI. So basically a pointless game.
76561198286575774,Not Recommended,242860,29895725,Posted: 13 February,all,Rally Takumi Fujiwara,This is a really good game but if your not from english speaking countries the servers are empty
76561198035435035,Not Recommended,242860,19084571,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Hoots,"Bit naff. In fact, very naff.CONS;Just lots of camping rifle battles in between running madly forward, then madly back.If you stand your ground when your side 'retreats' to defend a rear trench you'll be killed/ 'executed' automatically after 15-20 seconds. Then you'll have a spawn time penalty as your execution is classed as suicide. But the Opposition will shoot you in the back as you run back to your own lines anyway. Only for you to then be shot by them as you run madly forward. So it's all a bit daft.Sandbags had been invented by 1914 but the Devs have them just to look pretty rather than to look/ shoot in between.Firesteps....aren't.You can also be shot with a pistol from wayyyy to far away.PROS:Graphics are ok, the battle scarred/ cratered areas are impressive."
76561198007100913,Not Recommended,242860,19305457,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,HnB-BroadSword,"I have only played 9 hours of verdun and spent most of it waiting to respawn. Getting shot is the easiest thing to achieve in this game. Even just peeking over the top of the trench invites instant bullets in your direction, and is too far away for the human eye to see, i can see the enemy through my binos but alas they dont fire anything. I have very rarely seen who shot me which is annoying that they can see me but i cant see them. Graphically the game looks nice but when too many characters are in frame its a jittery stuttery mess which just gives you a headache. CQB in the trenches is awful , characters stutter and jitter as your trying to shoot at them, its just an awful experience. I know there are many community members raving about this game and its future but im afraid its a thumbs down from me , I would rather play Red Orchestra 2, its got trenches as well and plays much better than verdun.My current rig usually performs at 60-70 fps during verdun. it drops during heavy periods of fighting which makes the game unplayable for me."
76561198085111301,Not Recommended,242860,16571963,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kung Fussolini,"I had fun for the time i did play this game, but it's not worth the price; it's very basic for a $25 game. There are only 2 game modes (at least that I could find) and simple objectives for each; one you push the enemy back from the front and the other is basically COD free for all. Let me put it to you this way, i bought it on sale for $11 and felt like i got ripped off content wise. Otherwise a great concept that i hope will be expanded upon in the future. I wrote this review june 2015 and i will continue to follow the game and see if they update content over time"
,Not Recommended,242860,16479991,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,cool skull decals,"Just like I went into Operation Flashpoint:Dragon Rising, expecting ArmA;I went into Verdun expecting something atleast similar to Red Orchestra 2.What a terrible game, where to start...Gunplay is like a CoD4 mod, movement and controls feel clunky and awful in general, netcode is terrible. Extremely limited content in terms of maps/progression. Just about everything but the charming music in the menu is really poorly done.Do not buy this mess."
76561198071276039,Not Recommended,242860,23680691,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Matches,A very interesting game.....  I've had since release with only 21 hours played.  I've also probably installed/uninstalled 21 times.  So that is an hour or so per playthough lol.If you have a FPS itch that needs scratching like me every once in a while it's a good game.  But there really isn't alot of content for the longer gaming sessions that other FPS's can offer.
76561198003168453,Not Recommended,242860,20250375,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jeromba,I will make it shortThis game is good WW1 shooter with squad based teamplay. Sad is that same as Red Orchestra 2 it is full of hackers who hide themselves among good players. Spectating guys that shoot through wooden objects or hilltops without any chance to see behind it is not funny at all. I can recommend it for gameplay and WW1 theatre but I can't recommend it for cheaters present everywhere.
,Not Recommended,242860,33354125,Posted: 7 July,all,arbeit macht frei,shity game
76561198006766561,Not Recommended,242860,23657074,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,-= (✠) *#Ep0k#* (✠) =-,The idea of the game is very good.It really feels like you are in ww1 trenches fighting over every meter of ground.Sadly the game is cheater infested.People will try to tell you that you are simply a bad player.In my opinion this picture says it all!!!http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/52124405741137056/19358BC4E596442963F11903A8E6779319B39BFC/200 plus kills in one game!!! Even by a pro this is not legit!!!!Everyone with a little bit brain can figure that out for him self!admins and devs are trying to hide the cheater problem!. Actively deleting posts and talk bs about skilled payers and playtime and what not.Sadly I have played enough games to know that every game has cheaters. Its only the amount of cheaters that is different!If devs can't admit that there game has cheaters as well. Then sadly they wound do anything to stop it!!so don't by the game!!!!
76561198036695625,Not Recommended,242860,16568633,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ingmarsan,"Very frustrating even if you are used to FPS. Squad game design is cap trench: defend, attack, attack succeeds/fails, repeat.Problems:No balancing of teams, high lvl veterans aboundYou die a lot 'Going over the top', respawning is too slow, no bots to fill out teams, practice against or provide immersion/meat shieldProgress mechanic is based on squad play and roles in a squad, its highly confusingSpawning = you get shot in the back a lot (in rifle deathmatch mode)Huge amount of camping. Can be little team work meaning no cover while advancing. Lots of snipers, not enough map cover.1 shot = 1 kill, no wounding or bandagingYou can be seen and shot through cover, through the earth, trench corners etc.No way to filter gamesIts not ""team based"" its ""squad based"" meaning if you squad with people you haven't played with before then all your squad perks are initialized for that game. Huge disadvantage to casual players and huge advantage for vets.Issue of prone blocking, blocking in trenches, and a stance mechanic that is like every other FPS, (WWI needs a more refined stance mechanic)"
76561198066508610,Recommended,242860,7946514,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,[Poke☆]  Tommy,"I havent played for long but all I can say is wow... This game has easily tooken into my top 10 games! TF2 has competition for being the most played game now that this is out it takes the only good things about CoD (hate that game) and makes this a fresh, unique expirience. And this is just the Beta! The community is very nice and and not corrupt like TF2, it has accurate weapons, and is realistically hard. Some people might say it is a slogfest, but WW1 was like that!All in all I love this game it is amazing 9.85/10"
76561198053669275,Not Recommended,242860,32758519,Posted: 24 June,all,KingLudwig,"I'm going to get a lot of hate for this, but give this game a year and it will be fun.The engine behind the game is just janky and unresponsive, precise aiming is very hard and the general feel makes me feel like the entire German Army conscripted men made of stone, seeing how blocky they move. I know there's only like 4 guys working on this, and I gotta give them credit for that, but why? Hire more people, make a better game in doing so, and make more funds to pay for those hired people. With the money they're asking for per game and sales so far, I can't imagine the devs are incapable of increasing their team.$25 is way too much for this game, especially when it feels like it's still in its very very early stages. If the developers are going to charge $25 for this, they should promise that they're going to develop a new engine in half a year or something.The game reminds me heavily of really old World War 2 shooters, like the early 2000's Medal of Honor games. I dont know if they were purposefully going for this style, but It's outdated and clanky. Quite honestly I don't know how this game got such high ratings.P.S I've played 3 hours or so on my friends computer, I bought the game and played half an hour before I remembered how poor it is, and I really don't reccommend it. Sorry guys."
,Not Recommended,242860,17130787,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Auxiliary,"Warning to everyone who is wanting to buy this.The game is pretty fun, ill give it that. It has a nice switch from the usual FPS games you see on the market these days.HOWEVER, the devs are horrible. The devs acknowledge that this game probably wont run correctly on high-end PC's. This is also the case with my computer. But the part that is the worst, is that they wont help you fix it. They have a post in the discussions to do this and that, yet the forum is filled with topics about low framerates and stuttering in game. I myself have made a post about this as well, bumped twice, no response. I've sent two tweets to their twitter account, with only one reply, which is to email the devs atsupport@verdungame.com. Yet I haven't received anything from them in two weeks of sending that email.The devs are publishing a half-broken game, and wont fix anything cause they already have your money."
76561198077712179,Not Recommended,242860,31150915,Posted: 15 April,all,ImAwesomeAli,"Verdun and Battlefield 1 are two very different games. BF1 is a more fast-paced, disorienting, action-packed mess of unrealistic warfare, and fun as hell in its own right. Verdun is more slow-paced, tactical, intimate, and realistic in my opinion. I find myself more immeresed in the battle when playing Verdun, but it is a game that takes some getting used to, a little more than BF1 from my experience.My main complaints about Verdun are as follows:-Player movement feels un-natural in most cases and quite sluggish, especially after playing any other FPS game within a close time proximity. The difference will hit you like a brick but eventually will wear off the way a foul stench will eventually cease to appeal to your sense of smell.-The dialogue and some other audio are not always very convincing, they give me a mid 2000s shooter kind of vibe which I don't necessarily appreciate in this game.-The player animations look silly and don't work very well in most environments, minor kinks that don't necessarily ruin the game, but do not aid with the immersion.-Player movement is sluggish.-Wish there were more maps.-The menus have an odd aesthetic that has come to grow on me, but is probably not appealing to most.-Player models look odd up-close, and the images could be improved upon.-Performance is not as smooth as one would hope, I can run BF1 on max settings with my GTX970 but Verdun I have to run at roughly medium-high settings and turn down a lot of stuff.-Uneven/unbalanced/harsh lighting in the trenches on the night map are unplayable and many players disable the shadows, putting others at a disadvantage.-Not to sound redundant but...PLAYER MOVEMENT FEELS OH SO WEIRD PLEASE FIX IT FFS.Let me be clear, I love this game and I love that it is different from most fast-paced run and gun shooters out there; I love the authenticity, the immersive experience, the slow pace and so on, but I would buy a Verdun 2.0 in a heartbeat if the flaws I've noticed were ironed out and the game was re-polished. I do recommend this game, but if I give a thumbs up review I doubt anyone will bat an eye at my complaints.Review summary:Good game, decent number of flaws, not a polished feel, not for everyone, takes getting used to, performance is not well optimised, player movement feels weird/sluggish, buy it on sale imo. To the devs: please make a more polished follow up to Verdun and I will buy it in a heartbeat, I'm sure many others would too!"
76561198116230407,Not Recommended,242860,18117428,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Pickolas Cage,game keeps cutting out
,Recommended,242860,11472640,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,√(π) Memesmarine,Game asked me to give it a review. 0/10
,Not Recommended,242860,24473471,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,inj3ct0r.farmskins.com,They need to fix some bugs in the game.
,Not Recommended,242860,15632922,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Don Jon,The devs are mostly incompetent morons and the game is really fugly when you're actually playing it. The movement is also extremely stiff.
76561197997990002,Not Recommended,242860,17304468,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Weolo,"I should have looked closer, there is no single player in this game"
,Not Recommended,242860,25165560,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Shawked,Would be amazing if people still played it... :/
,Not Recommended,242860,30229856,Posted: 27 February,all,Vakantieman,"I realy like this game and it is alot of fun to play, unfortunately there are a number of problems that do not get fixed.If these issues are resolved then I will give this game a Good review. But until that time.----------------------------------The Good.1. Fun trench warfare and alot of nations and weapons to choose from.2. All nations speak their own language (german, French, English, Belgian (Flemish))3. classes are well balanced and have their pros and cons.-----------------------------The Bad.1. Cheaters,There are cheaters in this game, not that many but enough to make you notice. Players having only a handgun and             shoot you anywhere on the map at any range. having a K/D of  117 - 6 . Also the devs do little against cheaters and cheaters know that. They tell you proudly in the ingame chat about it.2. not great FPSmy PC is good , yet I do not get a FPS above 40-45 and there are sometimes significant drops in the FPS.This also is giving some problems in the hitdetection.3. Information on your screen is not always correct. for example: You know your in cover and your head can not be seen by the enemy. Seconds later you get a headshot. This also happens to the enemy players, who you see taking cover behind something that leaves their head exposed."
,Recommended,242860,15656621,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Survii Gecko,"A seriously amazing concept, unlike ANY other shooter on the market, and this is coming from someone who prefers arena shooters over tactical games anyday... except Verdun.Lets compare this to another heavily tactical game... InsurgencyIn Insurgency you can be flanked from ANY direction, shot and killed from anywhere and campers are just horrendus, and Verdun fixes ALL these issues.Flanking can happen but is limited as obviously it is trench warfare, so it is perfectly balanced so if you like flanking you can do it without becoming the terminator. You can be shot and killed... from infront of you, if you turn around corners slowly and pay attention, you will kill them before they can get a shot off on you (very nice for me as I have extremely good eyesight)And last but not least, every tactical games downfall, campers. But this is how Verdun fixes this:""hey there is some MG gunner on the top of that hill and he is destroying us""""yeah and I think there is a sniper there aswell""Any other tactical game here would have you do a quickscoping contest, where they have the advantage, but Verdun...""Ok, calling in a mortar strike""FEUER AUF DIESER CO-ORDINATUN!BOOM CAMPERS DEADNow this doesn't sound like a huge feature, but believe me, it makes a hell of a difference.I give it a 1914/1918"
,Recommended,242860,13238135,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Onevy,"Have been playing since day one! Man, is this game awesome and original! 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,13817704,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mr. Jackhuahua,Verdun is a point-and-click adventure game where you travel throughout post-apocalyptic Europe.
,Recommended,242860,11488692,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Glarfl,"This game is very fun to play, it is fun to play with people who work with you as a team as the game is basedd around as such. The game also look quite pretty on highest graphics, however the trees seem to have a weird... thing... where if you are a suprisingly small distance away they become 2d trees (on highest graphics) and move as you move the camera, a funny bug of this is when you crouch in the road side ditch on one of the maps and if you look behind you an entire row of trees literally 2 metres from you become 2d images and float if you look around.This is where i do not recommend the game, it is buggy. There are lots of graphical bugs, there are FPS drops for no reason or every time an announcement comes up and when you get shot. Another bad point is that when you are behind cover the world behind it that you cannot see completely dissapears, including enemies so when you could see their head it will dissapear when you take cover, as well as you can get a perfect angle over mounds of dirt to see the world dissapear as you are looking at it. And let us not leave the broken ""ballistics"" that this game has, there is no bullet drop which i do not mind, however what i do ♥♥♥♥ing mind is when someone at point blank survives a shot to the chest but when they shoot you with a gun in the arm you instantly drop to the ground. (most of these occur against someone with a musqetoon which is highly OP and seems to give one shot immunity.)The game also has not changed all that much in one year, there are better graphics, a new gun (which is overpowered as♥♥♥♥♥♥, the performance of the game went down from when it was in browser (weird right?) and 3 new maps were added. This is like a small DLC, I know it is hard to make games especially if you are a small team but an early access game is expected to be constantly changing as it gets developed but there are not many changes occuring. So this is another problem, if you want to play the game at its best or atleast a much more enjoyable state i would give it a YEAR with the pace it is going.Overall i would highly recommend this game as it is fun to play however it has bugs that would make the game less enjoyable."
76561197998392652,Not Recommended,242860,24498428,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,djknoop,Very toxic playerbase for the past few months.Game full of COD kids and has lost any semblance of the very thin WW1 flavor it once had other than skins.Another example of what could have been a very good game that became just like every other shooter.
,Not Recommended,242860,17313055,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Obakemon,"First, this game IS unplayable it's keep said ""The connection to the server has been lost. Please try to reconnect again. ( Cause: Timeout Disconnect"" wtf, then when I found the solution ... it's empty Nobody play this game, OMG!"
76561197978695376,Not Recommended,242860,19225575,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,[ATP]ponkeydunch,Play day of defeat source instead.
76561198162966908,Not Recommended,242860,21258686,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,HerbertThePervert,.
,Not Recommended,242860,18065925,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,redchango,"I was kind of hoping this was single player with a storyline, but otherwise nice multiplayer only game.  Get it, but just know what you're getting."
76561198046744132,Not Recommended,242860,24448883,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,10.47,Mouseimputlag of Doom
,Not Recommended,242860,32704456,Posted: 23 June,all,Duft Punk,WTF?
76561198012564698,Not Recommended,242860,19202484,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,LordyFlashheart,camp fest no balance too easy to sit back and snipe not enough cover not enough smoke and other utility map badly designed laggy buggy terrible controls bad graphics.
,Not Recommended,242860,19203619,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Lubuntu,"This game is a really big disappointment for me. I loved the idea of a WWI game, as that hasn't really been done well before (that I know of). The game is boring. If you like class-based games, don't waste your time. There are classes, but they are basically all the same. If you like to shoot things, try a different game. You can really only get kills when you stand still, which is never as you are always attacking. I know there is supposed to be an element of realism to it, but I would rather have it be slightly less realistic than to die to barbed wire everytime I try to rush the enemy trench. I should have read more about it, as I thought it would be a single-player campaign. I really want somebody to make a good WWI game, that combines realism and actual fun. Thank you, Gabe Newell for refunds."
76561198204531833,Not Recommended,242860,34362890,Posted: 19 August,all,OxiClean,"I really do like this game but it is not worth $25. $10 to $15 is way more agreeable, but the current price is way too much. At the moment i can't recommend it but if it goes down in price it's definitely worth picking up."
,Not Recommended,242860,25408671,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MomentMag,"Have been playing this game for few months without any major issues.But this week always get disconnected from the server because of timeout. The game usually crash at third or fourth attempt while connecting to a match, sometimes even force closed after asking to verify the game cache.Pretty sure my network connection is not the one to be blamed since there is no problem while playing another game."
,Recommended,242860,17184120,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,N31N,A fun WWI FPS shooter with easy-to-understand and rewardingly addictive gameplay.
76561198083680209,Not Recommended,242860,32709509,Posted: 23 June,all,olivierksd,"There is no campaign or single player mode, and in multiplayer all I have is a revolver and binoculars.I don't think I'll play this again."
,Not Recommended,242860,32680312,Posted: 23 June,all,reck,"""I'll start off by saying that this isn't a bad game, it's just a bad game for someone like me.If Battlefield 1's lack of realism bothered you to an unplayable extent, this is probably the game for you. Verdun clings to its source material, almost to a fault, by providing a much slower paced experience than most other shooters where you'll be spending plenty of time trying to stay alive. Running wildly around No Man's Land will certainly get you killed, while taking cover in trenches and craters will keep you alive, at least for a little bit. True to history, most of the weapons are bolt action rifles, so be prepared for a slower rate of killing, but for shots that pack a lot more lethality (getting shot once will kill you 95% of the time).The shooting mechanics feel rough and somewhat unrefined, but I think that's intentional. You're playing a soldier who's just been drafted--you're not a highly skilled professional soldier who is capable of surviving the average CoD or BF firefight. You are mortal and slow. This is probably where some of the biggest gameplay divides come from: whereas games like Battlefield 1 sacrifice realism for more casual playability, Verdun holds to it. Reload times are long (and can be fatal if poorly timed), and aiming can be tricky to nail down across the lifeless battlefield.Unfortunately for me, that dedication to realism is what turned me off of the game. I want to say that none of the elements I mentioned are inherently bad, they just didn't provide the experience I was looking for. While the people I was playing with certainly appreciated the slow methodical pace of the game, I would often find myself looking at the timer to see when the round would end so I could safely quit to save my progress.To put it briefly: if you value refined shooting mechanics over realism, you'll probably enjoy Battlefield 1 better. But if realism is the clincher for you, this is, by far, the better experience."""
,Not Recommended,242860,24491624,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mr. Puggerfield ᶰᵘᵗ MK.IV,"I'm an avid fan of Red Orchrastra 2 : Boogaloo edition, but this game is just awful, ""but realism"" No, this is just slow, its has some of the strangest control schemes I have seen, the EU servers are dead from what I have seen in my short playthrough and the reward system is daft, and shall I mention the hit registration, I have 60 ping at worst, but holy christ, the headshots with a P08 Luger, a 9mm, at point blank, he shrugs it off, and I'm sat there with a .455 in my shin. Please explain, the person I shot had stable ping of 40, I had stable ping and oddly enough, my bullet PINGS OFF OF HIM.Another LOVELY incedent involved greanades and aqquring them, and the amount of people who had them, I excelled with my squad and yet I never managed to get a grenade let alone anything.Honstly If you like slow games this is for you, if not, eh"
76561198000126559,Not Recommended,242860,25402066,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,momotrzy,"Its a good game and love the concept, but after so long that the game is on market and it just hit the consoles and no improvement...- Netcode is awful, you get killed in the most ridiculous scenarios. (worse than BF4)- Suspecting cheaters, 3 kills with one bullet. sprinting and shooting. It might be due to the netcode or other bug/glitch but there is no reporting system in the game.- classes are wierd... not sure if that is historical but a shovel and a bag of grenades? really?- borders of the maps are just disgusting. you see a nice path? nope, its a border on the map that covers 20m2...Overall the game is good but for the price tag its not worth it..."
76561198102499039,Not Recommended,242860,14491738,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,General Discomfort,"The whole game is totally monochromatic, the maps are far too large, the team setup is crap, the connection to the servers is shaky at best, it is CONSTNTLY putting out these massive updates for no apparrent reason, AND there's no way to play single player. At first I was ♥♥♥♥ing stoked to see a realistic WWI FPS, but instead its just been a ♥♥♥♥ing NIGHTMARE of a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.  Honestly, if I could get it I'd ask for my money back. ♥♥♥♥ Verdun."
76561198112661083,Recommended,242860,19225370,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,✠ ON71N3 G4M3R ✠,Very good game based in ww1. This is like the only ww1 fps out there as far as I know. There are some minor glitches but the with the recent updates and bug fixes the game keeps getting better and better 8/10
76561197975736940,Recommended,242860,15666645,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Subway,buyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyit
,Recommended,242860,16692505,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Leila Alizarin,"some weird bugs im encountering here, my game runs fine and smooth on a 60 fps and everything, but after about 2 minutes into the battlefield the game freezes and crashes, then i get a little notification saying that my graphics card has stopped working, but it shouldnt be, any idea why this is happening? I really want to play the game so someone please help!"
76561198214551244,Not Recommended,242860,17139298,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,xin.yuan.63152,"For those in Asia looking to play, please note that there are very few people playing on the Asian servers and connection to the EU and US servers are not fantastic."
,Not Recommended,242860,33017010,Posted: 29 June,all,Rclone19,I suck At This GameTells my teamate i suck at this gameTeamate Raging to me
,Not Recommended,242860,17177502,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Slayer12Spitfire,"If World War I was as poorly optimized as this game is currently, no wonder so many people died."
76561198014071868,Not Recommended,242860,33070085,Posted: 30 June,all,vitocorleone,"stay away unless u subscribe to some cheat/hack.love the game, need work on the sounds though...but hate the cheaters ... probably wont be playing this much..just becoz of the soo many hackers in game...sighoh and dev...im NOT gonna buy the next instalments, until u do something about the cheats!"
,Not Recommended,242860,16630988,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jill Valentine,"The game is okay. I would not recommand this game as most people I know would not like this game.why?Because it's not like your everyday fps or like any AAA game.The game is as realistic as it can gets (more or less)The game is very repetitive, you have little place to imagination and ""plays"" since the officer tell you what to do. If you don't follow, you are killed for deserting.If you ran out of the trench because of the grenade sent by the enemies next to you, you are set as deserter if not returning. Leaving you a short time lap to get back in the trench.The game is all about what war really was back then.War sucks."
,Not Recommended,242860,16637922,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,CO-WRECKED,"I really, REALLY wanted to like this game. I've wanted to play a good WW1 shooter for like...ever. But with a map size of 32, it just isn't possible. For this game to work, it needs battles of a MUCH bigger scale. I dont care if there are only 32 human players and 200 bots or whatever, but there needs to be that many men participating for this game to work. As it is, it's just not that much fun."
,Recommended,242860,25211740,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,hattvika,uncle sam is coming for you
76561198077396416,Not Recommended,242860,17512816,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,R3d Fox,"This is my first review.The graphics on this game are good.The game play, movement speed are slow, not necassarily bad.The lack of free movement on the map is terrible.I seriously suck at it, but its the type of game I'll never get good at.I play H&G and love it, but unfortunately its no H&G.There should be tanks and planes in this.Its not for me for now, but lots of people love it.I dont like the mechanics and the feel.Its a really tough game.But dont go by my opinion, YOU might like it."
,Not Recommended,242860,18458277,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Solar,"Definitly wouldnt spend less then $5 on this if its on sale some day. the hit detection is rubbish, and the teams are usually stacked with level 100's vs everyone else, or its like a close to empty server with 7 clan mates vs 4 automatch joiners and you just get stomped/farmed.  Nobody actually works as a team, nor does anyone use the mic for in game chat. Only one of the game modes are even played anymore. do not buy!"
76561198064853266,Not Recommended,242860,32809752,Posted: 26 June,all,MisterRoelof,"I got this game with a big discount, and I had heard quite a lot of good stories about it. However, it is mostly a very disappointing game. The idea sounds fun enough, WW1 trench warfare, however the excecution is very lacking. To start of, there is no tutorial, which isn't great when trying to excecute a tactical FPS. After 4 hours, I think I got most of it down. The gameplay is all about firing your rifle from one side of the map, and trying to snipe the enemy on the other side of the map. Which is great if you have the right rifles, which you can only get with the right squad and being the right class in each squad. The guns are unlocked in a very conviluted and weird way. You have to earn points by leveling up, and spend these points on a certain sub-category in each class, for that game. The maps are mostly great, with the exception of the night map, which is just weird. The optimal way to play this game is to put your brightness, gamma, and contrast settings to maximize far range visibility. The team are rarely ever balanced, since the game does not auto-balance, but it ask players to switch out of free will, or ''suffer'' a negligable score penalty. There is never really any coordination between squads, or even in the squads themselves. The orders of the squad leader are generally just ignored in favour of sitting back and scoring some longrange kills. I found that putting all graphics on low, allowed the game to sometimes not render some of the graphics that were a long way away, thus, revealing almost every enemy position. The biggest problem the game has, is it's lack of anti-hackers and cheaters measures. There is no way to report obvious cheaters, nor is seems there to be any effective in-game controls on this. The worst I experienced was a game in which an opponent had 50 kills and 5 deaths, all while being level 3, and having played the game for just over a full hour.The game seems to have a dedicated small following, and it does have some nice moments when you are able to headshot someone from across the map, however, its shortcomings are a bit too much for my taste.Get this game on sale, not at full price."
,Recommended,242860,13622417,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mintpuppet55349,muh realism
76561198032096742,Not Recommended,242860,16460394,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KillershredsTK,"I picked up this game becaue i'm a fan or the WW2 and WW1 era. With my second most popular game on steam for me being red orchestra 2, accompanied by game like Heros & Generals, CoD WaW, i gave this one a go.This game has good map design, proper uniforms, and detailed trenches.However with this said the cons are: Clunky movement, slow movement; incredibly easy for rifle shots, historical Innacuracies, bad weapon balancing, bad class and rank system. OP gas masks.The most important thing in my opinion is that this a game is unbalanced (unrealistic), and has alot wrong with it.I'd avoid it for now, and spend the money or Red Orchestra 2 or another COMPLETE WW2 shooter.I unistalled this game cause my norton found a Trojan.32 file...."
76561198051235282,Recommended,242860,11711796,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,[SSF] Kantaruti,"great potencial, interesting gameplay, would be nice if there would be animations of medics taking bodys out of the field.need some fixing at sight as when you look through binoculars graphics are horible. maybe add some bullet drop and recoil as france rifles are like lasers."
76561198007233291,Not Recommended,242860,16211205,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,=|DoG|=Goat,boring.
,Recommended,242860,11972322,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,L33 V4n Cl33f,authentic WW 2 game.
76561197983492527,Not Recommended,242860,23039390,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Tigerlily,"Sorry but this is gonna be a not recommend review. Simply put the community is so small you can almost never get a good game in unless its PEAK hours. If you try to play any other time then there are usually less than 100 people online playing. Sorry but for a game with such good reviews you would think more people would play.I know why more people don't. The game is just sniper heaven. Sorry to say but I was getting AWESOME K/D ratios using a pistol THE WHOLE TIME. Anyone i saw with a long gun i knew i would win the fight, they get 1 shot and I get 10 (german C39 pistol) There just is no reason to play anymore because no one is ever on. Game is fun but the community dosent exisit. Gonna return the game and buy something else."
,Recommended,242860,18530799,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Hobbes,"Compared to the likes of Call of Duty and CS, Verdun takes the cake on realism and historical accuracy. Just try and peek out of your trench."
,Recommended,242860,11665618,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,For Mother and Rabbit,"The only World War I shooter that got it right. I'd like to think of this as a Red Orchestra 2 expansion. So yeah, it's actually really good."
76561197971433137,Not Recommended,242860,32713274,Posted: 23 June,all,Tickles,"The realism is nice, but the game gives noobs a pistol to start with.Try aiming the bloody pistol....cos it is only then that you find you can't actually see what you are trying to shoot with it.Most of the servers and game types are devoid of players in Australia.I made a stupid mistake, not actually checking to see if there was a single player campaign.... Assumption is the brother of all F**K Ups !!I have never asked for a refund from Steam, but I am going to try to find out if I can get one here.0/10 for enticing/enabling new players to get up to speed.Perhaps I am just too old and crusty ?? Perhaps this game is only for MMO shooter veterens in America or EU etc ??"
76561198233793888,Not Recommended,242860,16574609,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BigB00tySlide,Confusing. Diffucult to learn early on. Doesn't teach you how to play.
76561198102904422,Not Recommended,242860,18212751,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,patrice lumamba,"Fairly boring game, within minutes, i had been absoulutely destroyed by rank 100's. spawncamping is awful, and the amount of stacking in the game is unreal. only punishment for stacking is a 3 second addition to your death timer. not worth 22 dollars."
,Not Recommended,242860,17573218,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ninjumps,"I see why people like this game,It has good graphics and a good concept but I coudn't get into it because of the lag and it constantly crashes on my machine buy it if it appeals to you its worth it"
,Recommended,242860,19223004,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Zoopi,Gassed jew friend10/10 must get
,Not Recommended,242860,17306742,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,1.21 Gigawatts,"Seems fun but runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Player animations are choppy and whenever you die, your framerate tanks since it turns you into a ragdoll. I have a GTX 970 and an FX 6300 @ 4.5ghz so my hardware isnt the problem. Wait until this game has been optimized better then it might be good."
,Not Recommended,242860,18176709,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Yzury Cadyk Ivo,Game is decent but should be a free to play instead of having to pay for it.It's not that i hate the game but it does get boring very quickly and dosent warrant the £17 price tag
76561198015380104,Not Recommended,242860,18007661,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Blitz_Kitten,"I just died, over and over and over in the spawn. Why the ♥♥♥♥ am I spawning in on a hill, in the same spot over and over? What the ♥♥♥♥ kind of game desing is that?"
76561197972400414,Not Recommended,242860,17307539,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Farlito,"Impulse bought based on video.... didn't read the details that it's 4v4 matches or 8 person ffa only. Was hoping for large scale battles. My own fault but will not play again at this scale.Edit: Derp corrected me in that it is 4 squads vs. 4 squads, if that's correct and I don't see why Derp would lie... it certainly didn't seem like that while playing... It was a big dead empty space."
,Not Recommended,242860,21634063,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dean Gulberry,"The Graphics are way worse then they make it look in the intro. The gun fire is delayed when you click on your mouse. It takes about 20 seconds to respawn. And you can never see th guy who is shooting at you. Not to mention the guns suck. You can only shoot one bullet at a time. The game is also very laggy, tried to join a friends game twice nd I had to restart my computer. There is never anyone on to play with. Its so confusing on how to switch classes. I was so excited when I got tis game. I fel bad for my mom for even mentioning  it. Total waste of money(dont buy)"
,Not Recommended,242860,33268157,Posted: 5 July,all,Indeed,"The concept of Verdun is very good, it has most of the World War One features and the devs tried their best to make it as realistic as possible. But the game is TOO realistic and therefore makes it less enjoyable. Also, the game is increasingly laggy, not just with framerates but also with the initial gameplay, there is mouse delay, often high ping, and more."
76561198034025912,Not Recommended,242860,24698501,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,hidenseeky,"If you like Respawn Timer: The Game then do not hesitate to waste money and time on Verdun. Since the ping variance between players is about a full minute, you might as well shoot in a straight line, you will have an equal chance of killing someone. Where you aim, where you are, where the enemy is, and where they see you are four variables with a lot of difference between them. If you can stomach that long enough you might be able to get a rifle and lay prone clipping a wall so you can spawncamp, what a glorious reward."
76561198057523847,Not Recommended,242860,28478039,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Jaha35,"Wanted to try this for a while but ended up asking for a refund.  This game is nothing like what I was expecting.  First match I was  killed less than a second into my first spawn.  I was killed in under 5 seconds each spawn for 10 straight kills.  Finally got out of a spawn and moved around a bit.  Got a couple kills then the same thing.  Either hacker city or everyone just camps the spawn points.  This game is ugly.  Got a couple matches in and its just rubbish.  Bad controls, horrible graphics, and was not fun at all.  Any game that is this much grief in 9 minutes isnt worth a 2nd playing."
76561197999494448,Not Recommended,242860,25180970,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Paratrooper82,"Honestly this game has nice graphics and would be, WOULD BE a good game. But in my opinion it just sucks, its clunky, the shooting mechancis are horrible and it doesn't really feel like you are playing with other people. I have played Singleplayer games where it feels more alive and fun than playing with people in this game. The granades suck, the flamethrower is the most horrible weapon I have seen ever in any shooter.Would I recoomend it? No.Just stick to the good old Red Orchestra 2 or Squad."
76561198088831590,Recommended,242860,28485276,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,HOTSTEPPER,nice
76561198318962207,Not Recommended,242860,24411711,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,mohanhawkcaller,the gme did not work it still does not work it says the game crashed. send message if you know how to fix
,Recommended,242860,19384944,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,dannyhefc69,It's got potential but I don't feel it's quite there yet
76561198065443555,Recommended,242860,14909923,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,gld2,one the best fps games i have ever played but as of the new update its broken delayed long time spawning  soon as xbox went live in the game for older players playing pc
76561197998028660,Not Recommended,242860,21155695,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,TallestSchuler,Online only. No singleplayer. Expect to be outgunned when you first start.
76561198107044964,Recommended,242860,26278375,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Lowel,"My computer isn't strong enough to run Battlefield One, so I guess I'm stuck with this."
76561198158342905,Not Recommended,242860,15425368,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Praseodymium,my mouse disconects at random times with both wire and wireless mouses
76561198007663027,Not Recommended,242860,20266704,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Brygun,Had very little concept of what was happening and dropped dead alot. Rarely even saw an enemy.Feels like it is constrained to a narrow zone. While that is what the war was like with the forward and back I never got the sense of their being a big war going on. Just a handful of us dropping dead over and over again.Got it on sale and not sure about keeping it installed.
76561198162692055,Not Recommended,242860,30678480,Posted: 22 March,all,Youngmetro.,"NO ONE PLAYS THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. ALL THE SERVERS ALL EMPTY. I SPENT MONEY ON A GAME I CAN'T EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY, I MIGHT AS WELL SHOOT MYSELF."
76561198025064516,Recommended,242860,15664815,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Prussian Soldier,Truely a wonerful romp through Belgium and Northern France.
,Not Recommended,242860,16825182,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,TheHornyDuck,"kept crashing when joining matchesSeems like a great game, but I refunded."
,Not Recommended,242860,16852240,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mr.Belvadeer,"Fun when things are going your way, horrible when its not. Although if you play on a team thats working together the game would be fun, instances when that is the case are rare. Dying happens so often its almost comical, sometimes leaving your spawn is next to impossible, and if the snipers  hiding across no mans land dont kill you, the all too powerful artillery will. Controls are also a problem, aiming is clunky and movement delayed by a milisecond long enough that it feels odd, making movement and long distance shooting more difficult than it should be.Overall I wouldn't reccomend until the developers fix these issues, if they ever do."
76561198020645224,Not Recommended,242860,32308168,Posted: 9 June,all,Aurien,Game is fun..Played it during free weekend..bought the game.. now no one is online..literally 0..
,Not Recommended,242860,16163958,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,RFVader,Game is funny if you like reality and ww1 theme but server is the big problem servers have llags and have little bugs
,Recommended,242860,8335402,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Doodlescrub,"After the server update, I found that it is a lot less laggy and it was much easier to see the player models . There were very little players when I last played it, with a maximum of about 50, and minimum of 1 on the Japan server. However, with a few more updates and increasing player popularity, I'm quite sure this will be a pretty awesome WW1 game."
76561198092703897,Recommended,242860,12227846,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Jackass,great game 1 of kind
,Recommended,242860,7831974,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,BitFrost,"quite glitchy because it is in Beta, but still fun to play ! :D"
76561198044274199,Recommended,242860,7875596,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,BOSSTRUPPEN,The first World War 1 GAME!!!!!
76561197981738227,Recommended,242860,8344722,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Öölane,Looks nice and works with linux.
,Not Recommended,242860,16317364,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Nick Crompton,If there were only that much people in the trailer
76561198139179108,Not Recommended,242860,21306206,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,piippopaska,"Verdun 1914-1918 what to i can tell you.Pros.-Game is very nice looking- if you are intrested WWI that can be quite realistick and informite at some times.Cons.- badly optimaised-skill cap is realy huge-new players have to play against veterans who will murder you-^ frusraiting as♥♥♥♥-get killed over, over over, over and over again at spawn, realy frusraitingDo i recoment this game? short answer is NO, and long answer is Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"
12321324215421214,Recommended,242860,23885272,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DanishTheLastTalibender,i like
76561197998701258,Not Recommended,242860,24722359,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Psygnal,"This is a frustrating game. The squad mechanic is a little clumsy, and the one-shot-kill mechanic gets old pretty fast.I suppose I was hoping for more of a World War 1 themed Heroes and Generals. Instead it feels a lot more claustrophobic, and it all comes down to who sees who first, or who's got the fastest twitch.Don't get me wrong... this is a game that will appeal to a lot of people. I just felt a little like I couldn't really make much progress, and just falling over and dying for no readilly apparent reasson loses its appeal after the first few dozen times.This probably makes it a very good WW1 simulator... but not one that holds my attention for long."
,Not Recommended,242860,34670861,Posted: 1 September,all,UNGA BUNGA,every time i open this game there are 0 players online. makes no sense seeing as there have been so many reviews over the past 30 days... great game but where are all the players?
76561198327336068,Not Recommended,242860,33021936,Posted: 29 June,all,UnreadyBroom91,"The truth is, I really like this game. But the problem is that no one plays Verdun anymore, everytime I go on there's nobody to play with. And since there is no bot mode, Verdun can get really boring."
,Recommended,242860,22929572,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Gλm³r#¹ | א‎₀,battlefield 1 is coming
,Not Recommended,242860,19721846,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TheRazorback,Empty battlefields
76561198116317771,Recommended,242860,13608592,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Simple_AleX,Amazing game ..adding some sound effects to the game it would be great if we can unlock attachments faster and have some smoke and explosions would be really cool love this game ..people should play it more Very Rare to find world war 1 games now
,Not Recommended,242860,34400717,Posted: 21 August,all,Tony Bamanaboni,"I only really played a few minutes of the game but already I can tell how clucky the game is with its UI as well as how it handle Match Making.Gun play is fine, but really it's only for the ""Hardcore"" people who want a more realistic set of weapons rather than say the Arcadey feel of Battlefield 1 or the CoD games before Modern Warfare.I haven't got much to say but I will say if you like games that are full of nothing but boring matches and barely any seeing a single fight as well as like Realize, this is the game for you."
76561197992714934,Recommended,242860,8221717,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jim Morrison,"its britty good, kind of like cod2 but world war 1.8/10"
76561197977880970,Not Recommended,242860,18993595,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,LeKeiser,"It's been weeks now that I have the same problem: BIG HUGE STUTTERING during the game. It's like watching old postcards from the past. Unplayable! I've seen updates passing by, but no change, still for the worse.So would I buy this game again? No.Would I buy it for someone else? Not even my enemy.What are the devs doing? Not much it seems..."
,Recommended,242860,29423327,Posted: 22 January,all,The Assmaster,Request an artillery strike. It comes 20 minutes late and misses by a mile. Only one who dies from it is me. Have to wait for a minute to respawn. Team loses in that time.Yeah it's a good game. 10/5
76561198041378714,Recommended,242860,16590795,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,williamsa1997,"very good game in theory although I do with that one could choose their own loadout and say have a sniper and a revolver or a bayoneted rifle and hand granades,it annoys me that as much as they are historically accurate classes I want to see a squad play mode where you can select your own loadout in a similar way to the fre for all mode,I also with that the rifles didn't sawy soo much when you're prone,if you were a soldier you'd have little or no sway,I'm just a cadet and I can hold a rifle steady enough."
76561198062109860,Not Recommended,242860,25799658,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Bringthethunder,Recent patch screwed the AI so all co-op games none of the bots spawn and the game is bugged out indefinitely. If they would fix it the community who still plays would be happy. I liked many elements of the game but it still feels overall sluggish and extremely difficult to pick up on players at distance with the rather crude sights in the game
76561198202336200,Not Recommended,242860,30764964,Posted: 26 March,all,Moka,This game.... this game honestly has its moments. The rest of it is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and needs a lot of fixing. the unblancing of teams is the worst and takes the fun out of the whole game. Not to mention the terrible spawn points and spawn time. The spawn camping is also a absoulte ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t item. If you are looking for a good and fun time this is honestly not what you want....
,Not Recommended,242860,16703227,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Communism,game sucks if you want to play with friends because its impossible to join them or make a squad with them
,Recommended,242860,10539633,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,mainGirl,it's a good game. nice graphic nice gameplayThere's a lot of people playing it in EU and US server.And it also has JP server for SEA people but unfortunately there's not much people in this server.kinda sad i love this game i want to play it but there's no people to play w/. :(
76561197972957470,Not Recommended,242860,19293265,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Fremont,"I always wanted a WW-I FPS and I thought this was it. I cannot properly judge the game yet because I haven't tried the main squad based play. I thought I would try the Death Match Free for All to try it out, but players in that mode just park and snipe.The bad thing about this game is that it has no solo play. For older players like me, it means I probably will uninstall the game. It was a waste of money. This is what killed Day of Defeat-Source... online play only. We don't need a bunch of teens and 20 something players making fun of us just because we're not up to their skill level.The game guide is horrible. It doesn't tell you squat or really explain anything. My cat could have done a better job writing the guide.I will still give the game a chance, but I cannot recommend the Death Match part of the game."
,Not Recommended,242860,34485971,Posted: 25 August,all,Jack,"no more updates, devs focus on a new game which is a reskin of this one and left the game to die, never 1k players on at one speficic time whenever i join a game, waste of £18.99"
,Recommended,242860,22867144,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Maskedviper,"-                   Dear steam user, I hope this letter finds you well. I write you from my Trench, it's a little north of Belguim but you would hardly recognize it now. The ground has turned to a mush from the rain and constant explosions, however we do are best to get by.-                      I write this because the days are long and cold and writing is a way to pass the time. Tis nearly christmas and the Lads are already talking about going home and seeing family. It seems the idea of home drifts farther and farther away every time this god forsaken war drags on. I have lost many friends since I arrived here in Belguim, most of the men from our little town won't be coming back, Command is talking about sending us up over the top in the near future so this may be the last letter you see for a while.Take care and I will see you soon.- Corporal Maskedviper, British light Infantry, King Shropshire  Division."
76561198171437675,Not Recommended,242860,14528233,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Deuce,"I watched a few videos of this game and i really liked the theme so I got it, it was AMAZING i didnt lag, no ping issues and it was AWESOME!This was all before the new update came. I have to say i havent played it since.The graphics are good yah but the colors are muted and it seems so dark all the time. but the worst thing is that now it lagsa heck ton more then i used to, I used to get about a good 50-60 fps on ultra graphics but now its just rediculous getting 20-30 fps and the odd time dropping down to 12. I have a 16 RAM computer with and intelcore i7 with a Nvidia graphics card, is that not enough to play this game now?PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM"
,Recommended,242860,30457193,Posted: 11 March,all,Harmonica,Game Sucks
,Recommended,242860,22874903,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Big Boss,>runs into trench>dies10/10
76561198080133482,Not Recommended,242860,16622378,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nødger,DONT BUY !
76561198038713273,Recommended,242860,20306945,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,rexpw622,This game is fun but in no way feels like world war 1 bc nobody sticks with their sqaud and the max amount of people a server can have is 32.... Wish it was 300 and you had to  interact with your team to win
,Recommended,242860,26605894,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,George Foreman Grill,"i accidently  bought this game, i meant to buy battlefeild 1(distant seven nation army)"
,Recommended,242860,16468086,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ϟϟ Ashindire,Spawned inGot Sniper OutKill 10 Germans in a RowDiesRespawnsKills German invading TrenchWalks to CorpseHas Small MustacheKilled Young Hitler10/10 Would Kill Young Hitler Again
,Recommended,242860,15278652,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Coggernaut,"Posted 4/9/2014This game is truely a gem, rare to see a World War 1 FPS. It has competitive squad play, something we love to see! Multiplayer and a good price!Edit-- 8/24/2015Why dont you have this game?"
76561198192945618,Recommended,242860,30462260,Posted: 11 March,all,IronKnight,"I love this game alot. great work!If you could. Make a map that simulates the D-Day landings, that would be greatly appreciated.I get it, this is a WW1 game, but not many games have a map that is similar to the Normandy landings."
,Recommended,242860,30464924,Posted: 11 March,all,SleepyFishcakes,"Terrible graphics and sound.Aside from that, it's an OK realistic FPS."
,Recommended,242860,12249809,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[RO.RU]Brembo,Brutal WW1 trench warfare ! Highly recommended !
,Recommended,242860,23775149,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Papa Hanzo,"My first FPS game and I love it! I suggest anyone who's looking to buy it, to buy it. Really cool game 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,26834028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Burt,Its fun running around as a french officer dropping arty and shooting them krauts with a little pistol
76561198090225201,Recommended,242860,13689618,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Thirsty Patrick,"Great game, amazing graphics with action packed round every corner making it very realistic and games like these are the most addictive and enjoyable"
76561197977451192,Not Recommended,242860,20117173,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MrWiggalz,"For $30.00, the way the game is now, is not worth it.  Even on Ultra  grafix setting its lacking alot of detail in the enviroment.  There is almost no ""back ground enviroment sounds""...maybe an explosion here or there...for a war game, it is a very, very quiet game, most of the time all you hear is your foot steps, although I think I heard some guy yell something once.  It is extremely hard to tell who is on your team. And you barely get any warning if you step out of the ""battle zone""....most of the time its just instant death.  However....it is a WWI fps.   Which is cool...and trench warfare....I just worry its going to be another game the developers just give up on and dont do anymore improvements...in it for the $$$ and thats it....but time will tell I guess."
76561198208962147,Not Recommended,242860,20118925,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,GHOST MALONE,"Basically BrokenThe game has been in development for a while, and the people making it plan to add new content, but the updates never fix the poor gameplay.I go back to it after every update, but it still feels like a turd."
76561198015024278,Recommended,242860,16683463,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Turkyballsoffire,Verdun is a very awesome game for players who have been seeking an amazingly realistic WW1 themed FPS. I have never been disappointed with the updates to make this game better and look forward to see it become more popular.
,Recommended,242860,27705852,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,drewmba,I got to role play hilter... 10/10
76561198172629409,Recommended,242860,16462316,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AwalAznable,WARGASIM
76561198036086589,Not Recommended,242860,19050030,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Just4Laughs,"Don't buy this game!!!! All it does is crash! When asking for support non will be given. Try asking for your money back, and all you get is. Our records say you played game an x number of hours, so no refund. Nothing about those hours spent trying fix game crash. I can't even get it to load up, before windows pops up, saying there is a problem. Don't waste your money!!!"
,Recommended,242860,22917449,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Ghost Of The Fright Black As A B,too bad battlefield 1 is coming out.. rip
76561198215738023,Not Recommended,242860,19925710,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,EviL StOrMTrOOpEr,OMG THIS IS FUN BUT VIRUS IS STOP MY VERDUN !!!
,Not Recommended,242860,21648599,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,thickbusch,This game is not of a good quality...it's like a used american car...unreliable.....lack of style...and just plain jane!
,Not Recommended,242860,24911119,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,abovetable,"Crashes too much can't even get in a match, i still imagine it's good though."
76561198022606342,Recommended,242860,23684831,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,WANTZiN,Best WW1 game out thereUntil BF1 :)
76561198254500243,Recommended,242860,22464411,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,beep202,Not my favorite game but i enjoy it whenever i play it. You can get spawn killed which i don't like but i still like the game. i would say buy it cause its worth it.
76561198071341737,Not Recommended,242860,29613086,Posted: 31 January,all,[TLR] BlazePlays,Too much mouse lag so had to refund!
76561198313609396,Not Recommended,242860,29170052,Posted: 10 January,all,63e Joshua,the crashes!
76561198129259063,Recommended,242860,25940849,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rookie 052,"I rate the game 19/14, 19/18 will play again."
76561198186490329,Not Recommended,242860,27662716,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,reiljuin8892,这个游戏就是告诉你一战多无聊，只有线上模式，亚服没人，其他服ping一直200+，到处乱跑动不动莫名其妙就挂了，bug满天飞——死人会沉到小水沟里面、会卡在铁丝网上、莫名其妙地满地小破钢盔……趴在水里能开枪换子弹这种二货设置我就不说啥了……
76561197986147575,Not Recommended,242860,22485407,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Jimmy Mac,If you want a realistic shooter just buy Red Orchestra 2 Rising StormThe interface is awkward and the movements and aiming are awkward.Honestly just buy Red Orchestra 2 Rising Storm it's much better
,Recommended,242860,24797148,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ALE199-ITA,"OK,Its time for MY review but I not worthy for this review lest get an REAL veteran!Thank you son! Ok im going to talk abaut verdun this game is realy good I still remember that good time in the trenchs for how much its hard the game It was hard even in real lif HELL I survived 50 shots 10 grunades 5 arty shots and 1 arty in the foot! I was the luckyest nah I was the best Im italian when the war come nobody had the RIGHT guns so we used what we can! we had better armors then belgians and better guns of the belgians that they saysd somting like Luckyass becose we had very VERY powerfull guns well not THAT powerfull but an gun like a musket in the right hand it can be and machingun! well more like the olther rifle but that didnt stop US TO FIGHT (well in WW2 we give up and just sayd ok we join just dont hurt us) BUT STILL  WW1 was a war of GLORY AND PAIN!"
,Recommended,242860,15790723,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Spycer42,"A high-quality WW1 FPS, as hardcore and immersive as Red Orchestra 2"
76561198158182063,Recommended,242860,21951454,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,PanRazvan,Is that a person?No that's a tree....Is that a guy's head?No it's a rock....Oh look a tree stump.............*BAM*No that was a player.
76561198079756801,Not Recommended,242860,20956735,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Predidoodle,Not Worth The Pricetag
,Recommended,242860,14304951,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Obama Bin Laden,K
76561198039077441,Not Recommended,242860,22327076,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,guyfromohio,"this game is really well crafted and stays very true to WW1 combat. I wouldn't recommend it personally because I hate repetitive, simple gameplay. If running back and forth in a futile struggle for a couple hundred yards of mud is your thing though, this might be the game for you."
76561198047177648,Not Recommended,242860,16235984,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ptrain,Very difficult. Snipers can hit you from spawn. Impossible hard to aim and players with bad connections are invincible
,Not Recommended,242860,16376349,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mrs. Emma 'Bob' Peel,"Not that impressed to be honest.The idea is great, about time we get a good WW1 themed game, but it misses too much for me to actually enjoy it.I was hoping for a realistic experience; spend time mostly waiting, sniping, taunting the enemy in the other trench.And then after a while of this you get the order to go over the top, followed by a fierce battle.But in this game everyone generally just starts running about, there is no real command structure, unless, I guess, you're playing with friends.I would also would have liked to have the option to surrender, drop your weapon, raise your hands, see what happens.You know, add realism.So unless you get a good team, it is just like any other shooter game, everyone runs and shoots.I think this could have been done better by adding perhaps an option where command is in the hands of the computer.everyone in the team is a soldier, the server or host tells you to stand fast, you just defend your trench.Now and then you snipe, you spy on the enemy, you taunt him, you watch a dog fight, etc.You know, what 99% of the war was like; waiting.And then you or the enemy gets the order to attack.You get ready by the ladders, wait... wait... wait... then you hear the whistle and go over the top.If you die, you die, no respawn within seconds, or at least not anywhere near the battle but back in a support trench.If the attack is a success, you win, game over.If you fail, you withdraw to your own trench and the waiting begins again... although next time the enemy might attack you...So although the game is well set up and looks pretty good, and although it is also fun, I can't recommend it because I'm just bored with the regular blast fests and was dissapointed to find this one to be one as well.Sorry."
,Recommended,242860,16960502,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,BlazeitTyrone420,I uninstalled this game and got a refund...That choice still haunts me today.10/10 - Would regret again.
,Recommended,242860,31663575,Posted: 10 May,all,Goldstein,10/10 its okayGOTY 1914
76561198079866732,Recommended,242860,19665356,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Dapper Rick,Good Game
76561198242380668,Recommended,242860,19749201,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Donowitz,"Its fun for a bit, but A) the community is dead B) i have logged only 8 hours and the novelty of it has already worn off C) Controls are a pain, but even when you get past that, funcitions such as going prone and getting up from prone are just awful. sometimes you will get stuck crouched for several seconds. You also cannot sprint away from prone or crouching, you must uncrouch/unprone and then sprint, which removes 'flight' as an option, which sucks because you cannot alway 'fight'. Machine guns take several seconds to get set up, 1 shot and you're dead from a rifle. I only reccomend it because this game needs all the players it can get."
76561198279606865,Not Recommended,242860,20908363,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,dredlordz,THIS WAS THE WORSTgame i have ever I MEAN ever playedI WILL NOT RECCOMEND BUYING THIS GAME FOR OVER $22
,Recommended,242860,28413403,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,NONNY123,VERDUN IS CRAP I lost all my progress randomly although I enjoy it
,Recommended,242860,24108675,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,wankspooge,"OVER THE TOP BOYS, HEADS DOWN!10/10 would get conscripted again"
76561198154083093,Recommended,242860,32419683,Posted: 14 June,all,Mary,"Wow what to say.Its hard.  So hard.But not in a sexual sence. (Unless you're sexually attracted to death)This game makes you die. A lot. Its the pinnacle of death. The defeniton of death. War is unfair. Life is unfair. This game may seem unfair, but thats life. (And war)  I'd say that this game is an awarding experience. It feels rewarding to get a kill, because it is so hard to do. Most of you're time will be spent running and dying, and unlike the actual World War One, you spend more time fighting than waiting. It feels so good to kill, as it is so easy to die. The death haunts you. You don't want to die. I don't. But I do none the less. Why am I talking about death so much? I don't know. But what I do know is, is that when you die, you wait. Then you respawn. You may get a kill or two afterwards, but you'll die again. Then you'll die on respawn. Doesn't sound like fun? Don't play. (Obviously). This game is probably the best way to experience WW1 without having to go to Europe, or visiting museums.I also strongly encourage players on the fence to check this game out. It won't be easy in the beggining. But when you get there (""there"" being your experience) you'll have the time of your life.Yeah."
76561198057090090,Recommended,242860,23911260,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[PG] BlaZeR,Day 1 of verdun.My very first thoughts.wtf is landser?how do i get attach ments?how come i cant have a bayonette on every gun?I killed someone!oh i died cool.again....Okay no ♥♥♥♥ing way.Yeah take that ♥♥♥♥♥.DID I SERIOUSLY JUST GET SNIPED!WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS GUY!DID HE JUST SNIPE ME WHILE I WAS IN A TRENCH?!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!fu*king hackerI've got you now mr. sniper*Shot by his friend*wha....♥♥♥♥ you and ♥♥♥♥ this game!Alt f4Came back the next day to get sniped and gun downed mutiple times.10/10 would rage again
76561198355274866,Not Recommended,242860,33411175,Posted: 9 July,all,blauwe jager csgo-skins.com,"uncomprehensive interface, buggy controls"
,Recommended,242860,24061394,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BeyekOfEgypt,i would have enjoyed it more if the community had more respect around the subject that this game is based around.
,Not Recommended,242860,33361438,Posted: 7 July,all,Androsynth,"Decent gameplay concept, but for an exclusively multiplayer game, it sure has a lot of spontaneous disconnects!"
76561198069588149,Not Recommended,242860,32940908,Posted: 28 June,all,☮cosm0 I あい,"Solid game, although not all that I expected but still good all around game. I'd give it a 6.5/10 tbh."
76561198335732604,Not Recommended,242860,33113011,Posted: 1 July,all,[Мага] Сука Раш Б (I,"I honestly dont like this game, from the HUD to the gameplay, i play on a GTX 1080 btw, so i dont get crappy frames or anything like that."
76561198096826725,Recommended,242860,23310087,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Cheese & Beans,Trying to connect to the servers is like wiping your♥♥♥♥♥♥before taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥ it never happens
,Not Recommended,242860,23087896,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Edelweiß,"I'm having loads of problems with this game and I view this as a failed purshase because the fog is always too close, the fov is too wide. Matches end very suddenly. I can't play this. It's terrible!"
,Not Recommended,242860,26422871,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,"Dwy, Thats My Guy",Very few players. The ones that do play are really good which makes it hard to get into. 4/10
76561198071477710,Recommended,242860,23076772,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,niV,"So far Battlefield 1 Has been promising! Great graphics and mechanics, reccomend to any WW1 enthusiast!"
,Recommended,242860,9209659,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Iroquois Pliskin,Such an Alpha it hurts. Extreme amounts of bugs.
76561198220342591,Not Recommended,242860,25502974,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Noah_Blade,"^See that ""play time"" there? well that is because that is how long  I waited for one goddamned person to join a match! look if you have like 8-16 friends all interested in ww1 and this game with a cpu slightly more than a potato [but a massive beast is not  required...] then sure its fun but i dont have 16 friends hell, I barley have 2! so yeah... refunding this...but like I said 8-16 friends alltogether is fun...just that is the only way you can have fun in this game...."
76561198119434640,Not Recommended,242860,24006763,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,jdohmen2,"Unplayable garbage. Broken hit detection, constant spawn camping, excessively long respawn times, and a reliance on handguns. The handguns thing makes sense, since if the game only registers one hit in five you might as well be able to spam a bit more lead in a row, whereas the rifles need to go through the world's longest reload between shots. As a regular bolt-action rifle shooter in real life, using historical military rifles, I can shoot several times faster than the characters in this game for sustained periods when I'm half asleep. Literally. And to top it off, the lag turns every match into a contest of moon-jumping spacemen disappearing and reappearing at random intervals. Saw a guy and decided to sensibly duck behind a trench? Too bad, the game decides that you were hit moments before and rubberbands you back into the open to die instantly. Dying instantly is a big part of this game, actually, whether or not you are actually hit by anything. Worst game I've played in a LONG time. Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,242860,23942671,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,General Burkhalter,YOU GUYS! need to fix all of the bugs and crashes in your game there are alot of people that cant even start up the game like me to even play. I had this game for a bit and played alot but your one update destroyed my game and now I cant even play and I love the game and would play more but I cant and you guys till havent fixed it and and until you do fix it I am giving this game a not recommend till it is fixed. this game is a 4/10 for me becuase it is a cool game but you cant play it.
76561198103524411,Recommended,242860,16470550,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,White Man,Snipers 10/10
76561198117357108,Recommended,242860,22795171,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,qwe654,The  game  is  very  good difficulty to  shock but  the game  is  have  different fps game  new  idea  i  think  good  play
76561198070515754,Recommended,242860,16233590,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,WPH.Shadow,Very intense version of COD. EASILY THE BEST realease Infinity Ward has had in awhile.10/10
,Recommended,242860,12213904,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Longbowmen80.aev,It is like WW1 for your Computer.19/14
,Recommended,242860,25596169,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ass,verdun more like ver-fun.
,Recommended,242860,23881035,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Taylor,"This is gud gaem when play gaem you slay many enemy, when I play gaem i slay many a hun10/10 would kill hun again"
,Recommended,242860,11740739,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Spesial Ops,I shot a French Soldier who didn't retreat nor raised the White Flag... 10/10
76561198065922138,Recommended,242860,11848735,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,trooperjay55,WW1 fps enough said.
,Recommended,242860,11878755,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,S0 WYTE,back to the basics!
76561198044333029,Recommended,242860,11901146,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,chaosjem10,"i would most likely like this game if the looking with the controler did work, the problem i am haveing is maping the looking controls with the left joystick of a ps3 controler and haveing them not work at all , please fix this."
76561198137660360,Recommended,242860,11735518,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Banana Ninja,its awsome
76561198056400188,Recommended,242860,11936151,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Packershark,This game is amazing and beautiful
,Recommended,242860,11736897,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Crippling Debt,I always thought WW1 was boring. But then again I'm not getting shot at on a daily basis.
76561198143225627,Recommended,242860,11554046,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,ya_boy_juzzin,My Game will not launch. i have deleted it then redownloaded the game it still won't play... please help
,Recommended,242860,11694988,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,muff,"Pretty amazing game. Squad-based trench warfare is an amazing thing to play. Especially since people actual listen to orders in the game. Everything in the game matches the history of the Great War with weapons that make it even better.I reccomend this to anyone who can handle teamwork and fun, adventurous 1-2 shot deaths."
,Recommended,242860,11924470,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Fox_504,"This Game Is an action packed WW1 game, with fast paced action, strategy, defence, good graphics (for those who actually care about having graphics and not gameplay)"
,Recommended,242860,11711123,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Pablo Sanchez: Secret Weapon,Burned some Jews and shot the Frenchmen.  10/10 would be a Nazi again.
,Recommended,242860,11912504,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,bencze,"Trench Warfare at it's best.Game is still in early stages but worth paying for as the game will change overtime, and they update the game reguarly.It's full-release will kick a$$8/10"
76561198129753346,Recommended,242860,11704475,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,GONZO,"I like Verdun not only for the layout of the maps,and ww1 seting but cause its a hole lot of fun. The action in this game is awsome i like the difficulty in running across no mans land. What i also liked was how it was a 36 person war dosent sound like a lot but when u play you will see its a lot."
76561198049411553,Not Recommended,242860,23233694,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,greysky,I was hoping for a Red Orchestra 2 set in WWI but it is not exactly what I expected.  It is set up like a Free2Play game where you have to unlock new weapons and stuff.
,Not Recommended,242860,18035092,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Mr Skeltal,I got banned for cheating and I have never cheated this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ eat my♥♥♥♥♥verdun devs.
,Not Recommended,242860,22714196,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Bread Sticks,play Red Orchestra 2 instead it's more fun and realistic then this
76561198049107814,Recommended,242860,9997357,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,6Stringa,"when i try loading a game it just crashes, you guys made it worse. yesterday it was working now im disapointed"
,Not Recommended,242860,23443952,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Die Hexe der Wildnis,"Needs more optimization. Too many EU players on the US servers, rubber banding.Purchased: Dec 1, 2013 @ 12:52pm"
76561197993751020,Not Recommended,242860,17921801,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Saltychipmunk,"Clunky , restrictive , frustrating.   a gem of a good game is somewhere in here . but it seems to hate you too much to find it."
,Recommended,242860,16590742,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lieutenant_Dan,Recommended
76561198043395982,Not Recommended,242860,16910506,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,blueliam1968,Garbage....you pay for what you get!!!
76561198029838236,Not Recommended,242860,16984671,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,ryclemte,I hate it. I want my money back. You get shot as soon as you respawn.
76561198147350721,Not Recommended,242860,17418154,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dank Hill,"I wish I never got this game. Its so broken.So many snipers that it feels like CoD. and so much lag that you cant do anything except get shot by a sniper as soon as you spawn. This is what purgatory feels like.There are a few times that the game is good, like when u have a team that comunicates with each other, etc. but these times are shaddowed by the overpowering number of games that you face a whole platoon of lvl 100 german snipers who lag the game to kill you. and whats even worst is that they dont even do it to win... they just set there and camp in their trench, Even when they are supposed to attack. I guess it's much like the trollish basement dweller that never leaves his mom's house. That's how he has all that time to reach level 100.No matter what happens the game always ends in a disapointing draw (even though you always feel like you lost. ALWAYS... even on the off chance that you win, it feels disapointing too some how)Absolutely no support for rookies, and no controller support.It's not worth it.TWO THUMBS DOWN!"
76561198158819631,Not Recommended,242860,17419209,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,DarthVinson,This game sucks
76561198031397923,Not Recommended,242860,17358879,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Drmurda,Game engine sucks.
76561198009480079,Not Recommended,242860,16904283,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,smc81c,not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,242860,17503106,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Cornhole,Actual bad game
76561198084032274,Not Recommended,242860,17545077,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Frederick Der Große,This game has grown into an alright game but now that Battlefield 1 is here good bye verdun
,Not Recommended,242860,24094058,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BeRob,"Maybe that I'm judging the game a bit too early but my firs impressions are bad.The Game is aimed at a mil sim audiance and maybe I'm just to mutch of a casual gamer to enjoy the game.first of all the things I liked so far about the game: The high degree of authenticifici, i love running around with iron sighted bolt action rifles.Now what I don't like about the game: First of all the grafics, I know, grafics are not everything but I've big problems hitting the three pixel wide head of someone while every pixel seams to relocate after every slight movement with the mouse. So to say I'm playing on Ultra only with aa turned down because the game isn't playable with it turned on. Second I hate that small maps, you have no ability to flank the enemy, maybe historical acurate but not much fun, sitting with 6 people on three squaremeteres of trench waiting for the next enemy to pop up. Third the killing mechanics, you can snipe someone with your pistol who's 50 meteres away or shoot him as soon as he peeks the korner with your shotgun or you use your bolt action rifle and destroy him on any range with a oneshot body shot. So to say you die incredebly fast. As soon as you moove your'e dead, killed by three guys sitting behind the next corner. If you don't moove  there is some lvl 100 guy that abselutely wrecks you with his mortar. Saidly killing felt not at all satisfactory to me I just thought oh, he moved first so he died. Because mooving gives you a big inacuracy, you need to stand still for a sec until you can fire again and at this point you're dead. And now my fouth point, there is no balancing in the game, I just played against a team which hat two squads full of lvl 100 clan guys (two different clans) that completely wrecked us where the guy with the highes level on our side was lvl 36. Point five, mapdesign. I don't think it to be good at all, maybe I just didn't understand it but it felt like they just looked at a trench and portet it into the game.So to put it into a nutshell for me this game is to much of a sim and to little a game, and that although I'm a history nerd. So If you love mil sim, don't care about grafics and ww1 I recomend this game for you, all others should pass this one."
,Recommended,242860,11062630,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,AgeCaves,"I played on a German team with a teamate named Adolf Hilter.10/10, will fight alongside the future Führer of the Third Reich again.But in all seriousness, the multiplayer game reminds me a lot of Call of Duty 2's multiplayer. And thats great! It takes me back to more simpler multiplayer games before Call of Duty 4, but after Quake/Unreal Tournament. Most weapons you're going to come across are Bolt Action Rifles and Semi-Automatic Pistols.The Graphics are great! Sure, this isn't a Triple AAA title, It's an Indie Game and not too many Indie devs do full 3D worlds. Most indie games are 2D Sidescrollers or 2 .5 RPGs. And if it is 3D, it's Minecraft. So you gotta give these guys a lot of credit!And their choice of setting is fantastic too. WWII is an over saturated genere and WWI is an incredibly rare setting in video games, so its great too see!I really give this a recommendation if you're a fan of Multiplayer First Person Shooters such as Call of Duty 2 or Battlefield 2."
76561198187194315,Not Recommended,242860,24079842,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mostafa.Sami123,this game is so #### don't ever buy this game don't make the same mistake i did first of all the game two times the first time was when i opened the game and the the second time was when i was in a battle and what pisses me of is that your are fight people with rifels with a pistol and the #### pistol doesn't do anything to them wat the actual ####
,Recommended,242860,21589947,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Firefly,Its okay
,Recommended,242860,30916061,Posted: 2 April,all,P90 Rush B,German standing still allowing you to shoot him. How can you not like this game?
,Recommended,242860,23995250,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,karthoum #brb,Pros - WW1Cons - Unity engine
,Not Recommended,242860,25257575,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Luckyno,"Everything this game does Red Orchestra 2 or even 1 does better.It does not take advantage of its setting to do anything interesting. It's like a generic shooter but you die in 1 or 2 hits. It even has the white cross in the crosshair everytime you hit, and the exp-bonus per kill and headshot like CoD.It is clunky, movement does not feel good. You get often blocked by teammates in the trenches and there's no way to circumvent that.Trench warfare is not fleshed out. Melee is auto-aim and the most simple system you can have. Just press the melee key and kill, whoever presses the key sooner wins...There is not a single unique or interesting thing going for this game, except the game-mode ""Frontlines"" which in the end is just a capture point game-mode mixed with some attack-defense mechanics.Graphically is not very well polished and runs badly for what it is, it looks like a 2004-ish shooter.Again, it's not well optimized.Finally you need a group of 4 friends to enjoy the multiplayer to its full potential, since there is a squad system where you level up as a squad. So you're forced to play with the same people over and over to get special benefits like better armor and weponry.Finally the community is not very good, there almost no communication or strategy. There is also not much room for strategizing, since the map give you very limited options in terms of cover and approaching enemy trenches, which are not much more than a straight horizontal line, the corridors are so tight that you will not have any cover, so it often comes down to who shoots first, a well landed granade or an RNG mortar shoot.WW1 was famous for the battles in the trenches, which were melee battles. The thing that would have made this game unique is to recreate those aspects of the war. Instead, melee is less efective than a gun almost all the time in the trenches, since guns are so easy and fast to reload or bolt, and so easy to aim and fire. So the game even lacks any kind of historical recreation appeal that could of had. As I said, there is no intricacies to the melee fighting, just as complex as any other shooter in which you press V to stab.The ragdoll physics are pretty awful, most of the times the trenches will be covered in gliched out bodies standing in weird and impossible positions.This game is not worth 20 bucks.Buy Red Orchestra 2."
,Recommended,242860,25289286,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,craZYDoll,This game is awesome.But the main problem like for me it's don't have an ability to create your own character here. Really the base models are fully nice but I guess they might be a little bit more customisable. Something similar to 'Mount & Blade: Napoleonic  Wars' maybe.Female characters would be welcome too because currently in game I looks like my last boyfriend. Not fine like for me ;P
,Recommended,242860,21094731,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,danil,Wanna meet Adolf Hitler? Try this game out while its on sale!
,Recommended,242860,25225824,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,♈ℂℛℍᏕ₸ǾṦ_Ťℌᙀ,cool game
76561197960346082,Not Recommended,242860,18676154,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,da wuede hund,"––––THIS REVIEW IS BASED ON THE MAC VERSION––––I’m very sorry I can’t recommend the game. The performance on my 2015 Macbook Pro 15"" is laughable. On the lowest settings I only get around 40fps."
76561198083614682,Recommended,242860,17511487,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Honey,Boss XD this game is super fun
76561198052916548,Recommended,242860,25077411,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lenarch,all you need is a gernade and shovle and you can win a war.
,Recommended,242860,30948571,Posted: 4 April,all,S o l e ñ i a,good WW1 shooter...7/10
,Recommended,242860,25337763,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SnazzMcGee,"Great game! Love the graphics and game play. Unforgiving, which means those kids that will say to buff and nerf weapons will never happen. Even though I haven't played this game for a long time (~15hrs) the game is very fun even for a inexperienced person. If you do rage though just exit the game and play something else you like then come back ready to kick some butt!"
,Recommended,242860,30900465,Posted: 2 April,all,Proude,"Verdun is a great WWI Realistic/Hardcore FPS, it really brings what warfare was like in WW1, unlike Battlefield 1. Close Quater trench warfare, massed attacks on the trenches, machine guns mowing down troops. It requires skilled shooting.Pros:Great immerison.Accurate trench maps.Not too many automatic weapons.Good graphics.Realistic shooting. (One bullet ends your life)Trenches actually make great cover.Cons:Not a very big population for AU or JapanCan't directly man artillery or planes (Limitations of engine i believe)Not many slots (32 on public and 64 on private, maybe  was expecting for WW1 200 slots, but this might cause lag)[Note: This is my opinion on the game, this could differ on other peoples reviews, but they are prob COD players who can't learn.)"
,Not Recommended,242860,32554175,Posted: 18 June,all,Field-Tested Condom,"Honestly great game at first glance but once you get into it you begin to see problems such has ghost bullets, horrible spawning, and the occasional autistic nco teammate who doesn't use the supports. Feels like they quick build this game and left it to rot. Not really excited for Tennenburg or whatever becuase it's just gonna be like this except different maps, different soldiers, and different weapons. Nothing really new."
,Recommended,242860,24650543,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Swhg,Good game
76561197983618748,Recommended,242860,19912676,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,morphi,My grandfather once told me he would rather play Verdun then fight in the trenches...
76561198179700806,Recommended,242860,25597482,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Andy,buy
76561198240236958,Recommended,242860,20333333,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,jonah.demarco,"A great and realistic game. It's got a variety of weapons and in server tech tree, i can't play enough of this game and I think everyone should get it."
,Recommended,242860,23383192,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ruhollah Jomeini,It's Battlefield 1 but with another name.
,Recommended,242860,24001004,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Daddy,Fun game... Community is kinda dead tho...
76561198041782783,Recommended,242860,8451437,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Bhopped out of Nagisaki,"i think this game is definately worth buying because its has many good fretures like weapons level and rnak which will be much more usel in the near future, this game is teally fun and has special events when real life special events are happening overall this games has great graphics and is definately worth your money"
,Not Recommended,242860,32553220,Posted: 18 June,all,Хиндалу,CHAUCHAT
,Recommended,242860,16523511,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mr_Viper__,ww1 shooter... i shot hitler in the bum cheeks.. big old smile on my face right now
76561198043843694,Not Recommended,242860,28966936,Posted: 2 January,all,TwoSteps,This game makes me want to die.
76561198055626305,Recommended,242860,33573350,Posted: 15 July,all,Kekistani Kommissar,Better then BF1
,Recommended,242860,12247337,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,матте,"8.5/10 Great game, just needs a few more updates."
76561198314197396,Recommended,242860,26238083,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Lucasic,GooodBetter than Battlefield 1:D
,Not Recommended,242860,24268970,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,9mm Luger,"I'm fans of this game since ealry access in 2014 when its first time F2P in Flash Game based. YES, Using adobe Flash to play via browser...... This is the most awsome FPS game i've ever play and its free. after 2015, if i'm not mistake, this game become p2p and disable the flash based then game beceome steam game only. Why???? my good game...Since then i leave this game and my Level 91 account in flash game save.... So sad i cannot recover it.Day after day passed, I want to play this glorious game again. 2015 to 2016 with high price tag in steam... I expecting it gonna have a huge improvement since the last i played this game. But, it isn't. Same game graphics, same maps, same front, same player number... WTF,, even LESS PLAYERTHE ENGINE LOOK SAME AS FLASH PLAYER I'VE BEEN PLAYED. With Price tag more than popular casual game like cs, red orchesta, and l4d, ... Really????? No s*hit this game become less and less player. This game only good when played in high player size... I can feel the ww1 when the last time i play.Btw, i want to refund this game, but i remember the first time ever i play this game... the best ever FLASH GAME... I should support the dev when first time I've play... So...Please make this game more populated....--Sorry for my english"
,Recommended,242860,9682290,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,sk9f@st,#broken
,Recommended,242860,25004807,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,NerdVision,"So I love this game, but recently I've been having trouble with it running. I use to have no problems with it, but for some reason now when ever I play, it tears my computer to bits, crashes everything and I can only play for about 5 mins before it kills itself. So yeah, Its loads of fun, but be careful, it may decide to screw you over too."
,Recommended,242860,8583443,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Bluebeast44,Great WWl multiplayer!
,Not Recommended,242860,28730722,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Vic RattleHead,"I hated the squad based server system. there are 4 slots in a squad and it's difficult to pick a class you want because you have to request a trade with the class and the other player can deny it. Servers are generally not full. And combat is very slow, much like how the real WW1 was. I love realism in a game. but the way it's set up is too real. Maybe down the line I will try it out again, but I got my refund and will stick with Red Orchestra II for realism."
,Recommended,242860,19231178,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Pharquetue,"If you're in the market for an instant death simulator, look no further than this game."
76561198085220747,Recommended,242860,19669069,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,LICORNE,super gamplay et très cool pour les hitorien :)
,Recommended,242860,19687382,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,sirmaxalot14,"Great Game considering it isn't fully released yet.  As the game progresses and gets updated more, it will eventually turn into the greatest WWI MMO game that has ever been created!"
76561198266996845,Recommended,242860,19688298,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,_D3fault_,Gr8 m8
,Not Recommended,242860,32243691,Posted: 7 June,all,ErrorCode 1192,"It was fun at first but the game is dead and rightfully so , it is not going anywhere for the wellbeing of the game no worth playing just to play with 4 people per team if you are lucky , I'd get a refund but steam wont allow me to .so it will rot away and be played just like many other people that own it."
76561198354246335,Not Recommended,242860,32260758,Posted: 7 June,all,ChewyTortle,got boring in 44 m
76561198118404640,Recommended,242860,32036171,Posted: 28 May,all,TFL | E v i l,Better than BF1
76561197962390534,Recommended,242860,25891534,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Keith,PTSD/10 Wake up sometimes screaming gas gas gas
,Recommended,242860,8535274,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Merry,Totally worth it even for 17$.We need you for better community. Buy it.
,Recommended,242860,15604570,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,RVN. None Of This Matters,"Love this game! If you're a fan of oneshot kills, get this game. Also WWI/WWII history buffs do apply."
76561198081555692,Recommended,242860,20134742,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SydMel,Almost makes you wish for another World War.
,Recommended,242860,30464021,Posted: 11 March,all,Chonto,stay the ♥♥♥♥ down
76561198175849719,Recommended,242860,28438533,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Minehell,Gud girl
,Recommended,242860,31892013,Posted: 21 May,all,Deez,I played the game a couple times and i guess its ok i guess
76561198116776775,Recommended,242860,23975091,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Solderpro_1,My god from heoroes and generals to Verdun i would say hands down Verdun is by far the best War simulated game out there teams weapons are evenly ballanced so theres no Over powered nation and the realism is OUTSTANDING! 10/10 must have for the World War enthusiests and i know Heroes and Generals was World War 2 and Verdun is World War 1 but heroes and Generals is very biased as i have played it for hours
,Recommended,242860,11461419,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Dahitman,"This is basically Red Orchestra in WW1, with less realism, graphics and a more focused role with a traditional pallet of FPS gun choices. Ie, the mortar/squad lead ""class"".The player will gain the ability to call mortars with the swiftness and accuracy of JTAC pinpoint CBU-72 strikes; best thing ever invented, instant punishment on campers, big explosions, and because you can apply it further and more accurate than grenades, it's a sure-way to teach campers some FPS manners. PS. nobody is going to out-scope your binoculars.This weapon, defeats all camping snipers and machine gunners, because you don't have to aim to kill them, or get near them for a grenade; Anywhere on the map, even if you die, they get blown up from the AoE.Played it for a bit, it's not too taxing, as long as it's sub ~5 dollars, it's totes worth just to play the mortar class.Product may include: Pixel hunting, camping, point capture, native language voice commands, and bad net code. Intergrated VOIP not included."
76561198031441685,Not Recommended,242860,29792571,Posted: 8 February,all,sammyson9,It used to be good untill they updateted it for ps4
,Not Recommended,242860,22291645,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,MeinSchweppes,Really bad do not buy
,Recommended,242860,33792397,Posted: 25 July,all,QuickBird42,Verdun in a nutshellWHERE DID THAT HIT ME FROM
,Recommended,242860,8257652,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Demented,best ww1 shooter  gret game i lov 2 shot ppl
,Recommended,242860,8756811,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Whitson,I saw Mr. Sark play this and It looked like fun and it is. The only downfall is servers are kind of empty
,Recommended,242860,7919309,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Skank,Looking good!
,Recommended,242860,12591945,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,coconut,arma 1917
,Not Recommended,242860,17038496,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Dango,It's not just Red Orchestra in World War I.Except I kinda wish it were just Red Orchestra in World War I.
76561198085956238,Not Recommended,242860,20928483,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,AnAbusiveTeddyBear™,i played this game for 40 hours and then was banned for cheating i have no idea how i was cheating i guess i was to good for the game game to handle :(
76561198170158497,Not Recommended,242860,34544723,Posted: 27 August,all,King Of Music,This game can be fun at time but its to buggy and devs dont care.
76561198012457105,Not Recommended,242860,24661712,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Dot,Full to the brim with cheaters.
,Recommended,242860,30492783,Posted: 13 March,all,X017892,"It's actually a really good game, too bad it doesn't have many players though,  I would love to have big battles like 30 vs 30 players, right now it's under 10 vs 10 usually and that sucks. Also reloading is really slow."
,Recommended,242860,8195026,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DerpDog,"if you want a world war I Squad based FPS, then this is the one. it may be in beta at the moment but honestly, i think i spent my money well, its great in both graphics and gameplay considering theres like only 3 people developing this game . i havent played much because i just got it but my first 2 games were sensational. get it, you wont regret it. :)"
76561198057449947,Recommended,242860,8087042,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Pharaoh,Pretty good game. Still under beta :)
98888888888888888,Recommended,242860,8196421,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Возвышенная сука :) #jezwecan,"This is truely a marvel for the indie genre, up there with greats like DayZ. Fun, interesting context and overall fun gamemode, along with future installments (canadians and Vimy ridge) this is a true gem, highly recommend. My only possible gripe would be that the game is hard to play with a high ping (but even that's more to do with my terrible connection in the UK) but other than that, very fun and addictive."
,Recommended,242860,8207499,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jemsy,"Having played the alpha, I was really excited this got greenlit for steam and I expect really good things to come from the developers. As it stands right now the beta is very unbalanced, but still fun. There are two gamemodes: squad combat and rifle deathmatch(free-for-all), but right now the only mode I have any fun with is rifle deathmatch. The squad combat is very confusing and right now there's no tutorial or instructions to go by. You can choose a rifle in the deathmatch mode and upgrade it by getting kills with it. When it levels up there's no change in damage or accuracy that I can notice, but when you level it to 24 you can get a bayonet, and past level 70 you can get a scope. It's a little unfair to new players since they can't get good attatchemnts that the veterans from the alpha and beta got quickly by killing noobs and know how to use effectively. On top of that some maps have some big isues with spawn camping, you can find a spot where someone spawns in completely exposed kill them, and by the time you push the bolt on the gun, someone else (or the same person) spawns right in and get's shot again, rinse and repeat. Now, this is still in beta and if people voice these issues they will most likely get solved, the community is pretty close-knit, and trench warfare is a brand new take on the FPS genre, and with a little refinement and instruction, can be really fun. Final verdict is that Verdun is definitely worth a look. You can play it for free, without saving gun improvements and stats here:http://www.kongregate.com/games/m2hgames/verdunDefinitely support the developers by buying this game if you like it, happy shooting!"
76561198147963209,Recommended,242860,24515882,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,yellow$$gangsta,i give another try
76561197970356413,Not Recommended,242860,32963158,Posted: 28 June,all,Midget Army,"Just terrible, I find it hard to believe it has so many positive reviews:net code is not greatgraphics from about 10 years ago - yet still glitchybad gun mechanicsbad soundfeels clunkyFair play to those that like it - good on you for seeing past such huge issues and enjoying it regardless - just too much wrong with it, no amount of patching will fix, it needs a full re-write"
,Not Recommended,242860,25577981,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Exo Spacey,"I really wanted to enjoy this game. I love WW1, and this looks promising, and im sure its all the fun in the world. But i spent time waiting, and every game mode was empety. I dont wanna own a game that has no one on, cuz that makes it unplayable. Atleast add BOTS so single player works, then ill buy the game again."
,Not Recommended,242860,27570029,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gwailin,"You basically cannot find a game when you create a squad. It will tell your friends you are in a ""Different Server Region"", then when you finally try enough times that they get in, it will exit to the main menu, OR you will get kicked out of a game after loading in as ""The server did not have enough room for another squad"". It's okay though guys, they are porting it to the consoles, so it is good to see where their priorities are at."
,Not Recommended,242860,24542869,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,El Tuxo,"Okay I tested the game on both Windows 10 and Linux(elementary OS) and it actually run worse on Windows 10 what the actual ****?! Your system requirements is a lie. My secondary and main machine are both way above the specs needed, I have yet to test it on my main system but for the love of everything gaming. FIX YOUR GAME DISCRIPTION! And while at it if you want that to be the requirements then add a feature for locking the FPS to 30 so we can atliest  get a stable FPS!!! >:("
,Recommended,242860,25209717,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,nini,Really fun casual WWI shooter.
,Recommended,242860,25212405,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Liam,". Run into a crater with a teammate. We kept on changing positions, never shooting from the same place. My teammate takes a hit and is lying on the ground sobbing, asking for his parents. I tell him he will survive. He dies. I am scared so I peek the same place repeatedly spamming the guy in the enemy trench. 5 minutes pass and we are still exchanging shots. I get the chance to stand up and look closer. I see something that sends chills down my spine. Its a ♥♥♥♥ing rock. I turn around to begin shooting at real enemies. The American NCO stands over me with his pistol. A screaming Frenchmen runs out from behind him and batters him with a shovel. As the French man is dropping in to the crater, he is hit in the head by a sniper. I lay in silence, mourning over the death of two of my favourite soldiers.. Everything falls silent. I hear something. ""GRENADA!!!!!!!!!!"". I respawn. Life cycle continues"
,Recommended,242860,22003394,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Wasabimann,Running through the trenches while you quickscope those bloody germans. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,30237762,Posted: 28 February,all,Clancy Sprat,fun intense and god save the queen what more could you ask for...
,Recommended,242860,28195208,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Stephen Paddock,"Best trench warfare, realistic WW1 game."
,Recommended,242860,8188115,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CruiseCTRL,"This game is freaking fantastic, even in Beta! Quality battles, with some broken aspects here and there, as to be expected, and a whole lot of gruesome gameplay. Shoot, stab, and throw grenades. Call in mortars, spy planes, and command your squad. There are a lot of ways to play this game and the replayability is endless. I suggest, especially with these sales, picking it up and giving it a try. You'll definitely like it if you dig DoD, Battlefield, etc."
,Recommended,242860,12166953,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,unidentified special needs child,"Just got the game, and I already love it. I can safely say this is the best WW1 FPS there is on the market. I would highly recommend it to any history buff who enjoys this type of game."
,Recommended,242860,17363330,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Private Baldwick,"""So...You know when we're charging Jimmy?""""When the general decides he wants his wiskey cabinet 3 inches closer to Berlin."""
76561198034950479,Not Recommended,242860,18382844,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,PistolenPietje,"It's decent but the lack of variation in maps (wich is understandable, its WW1) made me quit because i got bored."
76561198156620920,Recommended,242860,31107468,Posted: 12 April,all,PAL3Tigerrr,ITA OK
,Not Recommended,242860,16683458,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TVs_SledgeHammer,would be a really good game if it wasn't ruined by mortar fire and sniper rifles
76561198103284618,Not Recommended,242860,16702072,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,eL_eLaNio,"Havent found it interesting , die like gun meat all the time ... run and die... not my kind of game"
,Not Recommended,242860,16674888,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MuSHr00mpiCKl3s,"I really, really want to like this. I really want it to be WWI Red Orchestra, but it's not.Controls are the same as any other FPS but at the same time so damn clunky you can't shoot anyone at pointblank.Half the time when you shoot people they don't take damage.Spawn is constantly camped by artillery.Fallback system is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You're just about to assault the enemy trench and it's ""HURR FALL BACK 5 SECONDS."" If you don't run 100m back to your trench you die from the timer. If you do run, you just get shot in the back, when you could have easily taken the trench.Barb wire is stupid, you even graze it and you die. ""Walking out slowly is BS.""When someone pops over your trench with a pistol he can kill 5 of your guys, at the same time you are all shooting him but it does nothing.People rubberbanding and teleporting constantly.No stripper clips. Srsly? Only for like 1 regiment class.MP18's cant even hit ten guys in a trench 5 metres infront of you.Good points are that it is reasonably fun. I really like all the ideas they tried to put into this but they screwed the execution.6/10 Respawn Simulator 2015Atleast I can kill people in RO2 and get PTSD from that becuase it's actually immersive."
,Recommended,242860,24254121,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Skurcey,"Very good game, exept the belgian armor tier 3 who look like a garbage :(Damn flemish xD"
76561198029841768,Recommended,242860,24157472,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Shakemeister,"Only white people, just the way god intended."
,Recommended,242860,19165611,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Amokhunter,Best World War One Game :)
76561198094051442,Recommended,242860,20799101,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Bewareof_bears,"This game is fun and interesting. A unique twist on the First Person Shooter, you play as WWI soldiers and do a sort of attack and hold against the enemy team. Unfortunately, there is no campaign and it is all online. With unique and interesting gameplay that really makes you feel like you are in the trenches, you really can't ask for a more enjoyable WWI shooter experience. Would recommend."
,Recommended,242860,10974462,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Satania,This > COD
,Recommended,242860,24400059,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Bungd-up,Playing this game gave me trench foot. 19/14
76561198243454826,Recommended,242860,19283646,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ggty,Satisfying.  Supremely high learning curve.It feels as repressive as a trench war should.
,Not Recommended,242860,30303144,Posted: 3 March,all,Yoogi,"Trash ! Played as MG , layed down at my fire position and get killed 3 (!!!) times in a row by unmarked artillery which suddenly appears out of nowhere with no warning and no chance to take cover.Just suxx and i regret to have bought it."
,Recommended,242860,26614194,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Redhotjets,"Verdun is the WW1 game I've been waiting for all my life. This game is also in a league of its own, there is no other WW1 FPS game that depicts what it was like as well as Verdun does. The accuracy and detail of this game is simply incredible. The uniforms, the guns, the weapons, are all based on real life, nothing here is fictional, it's all based on the real thing. You have the Germans, French, British, Canadians, Belgians, and Americans (so far). Team work is important, you have squads of 4 players and each member is its own class. In fact, since each team type has its own unique weapons and abilities, there is actually an enormous amount of 'classes' available. Frontlines game mode is PvP multiplayer with the attackers and defenders taking turns to invade each other's trenches. Squad defense is a horde mode/wave survival thing (which I enjoy the most), and a couple of other modes like rifle deathmatch which is a fan change of pace but a lot harder to find players for.Playing this game has taught me that I really don't know much AT ALL about WW1 and that's even after watching the documentaries. As it is made by indie developers, it doesn't have the polish of AAA shooters, but with support I'm sure a Verdun 2 in the future will be huge. Even as is, still very good, and I highly recommend it. To add to this, the community in this game is great, I mean seriously great. Have not once heard or read anything toxic. Chatting about WW1 movies, shows, real life war discussions mid-battle just adds to the enjoyment.It's not all sunshine and rainbows though. Some of the biggest issues are- low playerbase, especially in Australia (can barely fill a server on Frontlines mode)- some game modes don't get played at all (or extremely rarely)- movement feels clunky- developers are very slow to respond to bugs, and have allegedly abandoned supporting some game modes like Squad Defence- low TTK, as in most of these bolt action rifles are instakills"
76561198052718445,Not Recommended,242860,35434128,Posted: 2 October,all,Revermen,"They've censored profanity and racial slurs in squad names and character names. This game has a mute function, so if someone is spamming the chat with filth you don't have to read it. It doesn't even make sense, you can't title your german squad Krauts (and ive never seen it used as a derogatory term in chat) but the official term for the american army squad is doughboy, which was a derogatory term for them. Why not go fullham anti-internet culture and censor the doughboys too?!"
76561198118821850,Recommended,242860,23216002,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,$lick Hawk$,Good game
,Not Recommended,242860,17404090,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,G0RD1N,"It was not what I expected, REEMBOLSEI O PRODUCT '-'"
76561197970600388,Recommended,242860,25329479,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,JethroQWalrusTitty,"Buy this game. Die for king and country. Love it.And oh, the mustaches!!!"
,Recommended,242860,28461088,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Execute Order 66,slow paced camping game 8+1/11
76561198162499935,Recommended,242860,22853467,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,a pants wizard,>run out>get shot>get trench gun>20 and 1 by end of game>Americans are OP
76561198208159213,Recommended,242860,25243670,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,zombie2569,One of the best jrpg's of all time.
,Not Recommended,242860,8243467,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Snorrp,Pros-great authentic WW1 weapons and uniforms-attack/defend/counter-attack keeps the game flowing wellCons-terrible lag/ little to no servers-mediocre graphics-many maps feel too clustered-more bugs than the amazon-awkward and meaningless squad roles and buffs-no motivation to progress levelsBasically a bad WW1 clone of Red Orchestra  (already a pretty bad game in my opionion) with even more major problems
,Not Recommended,242860,16494676,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ßlitz™,"I played this game for approximatelly 35 minutes before i issued a ticket for a refund. Its not that its a bad game, its just not very exciting. Initially i wanted to give a try to this game due to the first world war setting and the positive reviews i read, whilst playing i realized its a bit more slow and tedious that i expected.Pros:Nice GraphicsIt ran well on my pcNice soundsWell designed environments and levelsFeels authentic + Interesting setting (ww1)Cons:Its very slow! I am no stranger to tactical shooters, one of my favourite being red orchestra 2 BUT this game is much slower than that.The hitbox detection is not very goodThe shooting mechanics are also not very goodI found it boringTo conclude, its not a bad game albeit not a very exciting one. Recommended only for those who are very interested in the ww1 setting rather than the gameplay. If you want a tactical game which is also fun to play, try red orchestra 2."
,Not Recommended,242860,8168768,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Wa11nut,It's game good...maybe. Why maybe?Becouse i got a lot of lags all time what i plaing in it game!Try to fix the server problem becouse lags i have only in this game!
,Not Recommended,242860,19061962,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,Highly dislike this game.The game is extremly unoptimized with me getting a 30FPS on high surpassing the recommended specsNo community very hard to find matchStuttering issuesStay away from this gamePeriod.
76561198038894498,Not Recommended,242860,19222890,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Griffin,"Feels luggy, and a chore to play..."
76561197993042667,Not Recommended,242860,31486560,Posted: 1 May,all,Yuriy Longo,"What a pity that, once, I spent money on it. Senseless and ruthless trench gameplay. Understand what happens at all is very difficult. In the field of vision only dirt and grenades arriving at your respawn. It's hard to play, it's boring and not interesting ..."
,Recommended,242860,18789194,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Allvochtig,Its very goodnow get and play with me yesdad what are you doing go buy me the game alreadyDAD NO NOT THE BELT DAD
,Not Recommended,242860,24374211,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Garlic AAZ,"4 ultimate reasons why Verdun is casual arcade shooter and ABSOLUTELY NOT hardcore/realistic:1) Health regeneration - hello CoD;2) Perks, levelups, unlocks, etc;3) Hipfire crosshairs;4) Hitmarks."
,Not Recommended,242860,29908957,Posted: 13 February,all,Handsome Black Guy,"Firstly, the game is utterly dead. On the EU servers I see perhaps 40 total players.Secondly, the game is poor - it's difficult to see players, combat isn't very enjoyable and the attempts at realism are ineffective due to both the small playerbase and the combat balance.Bolt action rifles are the most common gun, which is historically accurate, but it isn't very fun to basically have entire teams of snipers. The scope you can attach to them is disorienting at best, ugly and unusable at worst.Machine guns are largely ineffective. The sights make seeing enemies even more difficult than normal and you can't take cover while they're deployed, making you a sniper's (read: The whole enemy team) wet dream.Barbed wire is interesting, if completely horrible. If you spend too long in it, you ""succumb to your wounds"" and die.Fair enough.However, the way it is implemented restricts your movement so much, that you can only leave and enter trenches from very specific points and going off track grinds you to a halt and kills you after a few seconds.I believe the developers designed the attrition game mode (The proper trench warfare game mode) to have players running across no mans land in an attempt to take the enemy trench - as might be done in a real WW1 battle. Unfortunately, due to the tiny playerbase, the result currently is one trench being sniped by one guy lying on top of a crater in the middle of the battlefield. The little experience I did have with a large playerbase (I think some online group arranged a Verdun event or something) showed me that the normal gameplay isn't much better, with crowds of players in each piece of cover, as standing up or moving leads to being instantly shot by a swarm of snipers.In conclusion, avoid this game - I haven't even touched upon the other 2 game modes, the redundancy of the gun variety, the poor gun balance, the technical issues (Your antivirus blocks the multiplayer!!!!!), or the cool but ultimately unused gas mask mechanic."
,Not Recommended,242860,25768341,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Wolf,"Hit detection is utterly broken for some of the weapons, the game boots you out of the match everytime the match ends, you'll spawn in the sights of an enemy quite often, very few people playing the game, buggy and I find it impossible to find a match where the enemies and allies aren't teleporting everywhere half the time.No idea what the ♥♥♥♥ the developers did, but they managed to break a game that worked great just a few months ago."
,Not Recommended,242860,31478642,Posted: 30 April,all,chief blazin,"A good looking game that fails to be fun. Clunky controls, poor gun play, god awful sound, incredably small player base, and uninspired game modes. I'm not dure how this has an 86% but it does nnot desreve it."
76561197981660725,Not Recommended,242860,15828285,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Skitz,"I thought this would be great,I thought this would be refreshing,I was wrong...I played about an hour on several different maps, which pretty much all looked and felt the same ( i know, its trench-warfare so what can you expect)I expected massive battles but it turned out to be 16v16 at the very most.What the most annoying part is, is the non-stop spawncamping. This whole game is basically one giant spawncamp, everytime i respawned and started moving out of my trench i got 1-shot near instantly by invisible enemies across the map that miraculously know exactly where everybody is at all times. people with 50k-4d. At first i thought about cheats and hacks but it became clear soon enough that the maps are so tiny that once you play a few hours you know exactly where everybody gets out and its just a sitting duck game. You come out and 2-3 snipers are there to welcome you. Those exact 2-3 snipers are enough to take out 16 guys constantly every time they spawn.... its ridiculous.The squad-based thing is just fluff. It adds close to nothing, some orders are given by squadleader and if you dont retreat or advance you get executed. Theres 4 'classes' but it doesnt matter what you are. You run guns blazing hoping that snipers/mg's and other infantry are not taking you out... theres really not much tactics involved. You could play Day of Defeat: source and have a better experience. It always boils down to the same thing: If theres a pro-ish player or 2 on one of the teams, that team is gonna win. Why? because they shoot everybody with 1-shot before objectives can be reached. Who needs tactics and squads when you simply dominate with shootingskills. If there were more players per map it would be different but alas. The whole squad/tactics idea is squashed by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly limited amount of players possible.I usually love shooters of pretty much every kind but this one, although graphically nice felt lacking.The guns dont sound or feel convincing, but most of all i was annoyed by the simplicity for skilled players to wipe out entire teams on their own. That is what for me kills this game right away.Some people may say: get better or l2p, my answer is clear, doesnt matter how good you turn out to be, the essence of the game is lost and it simply turns into what every other shooter is: A TeamDeathmatch where the best skilled players win and lift their team to victory.I may be harsh by not recommending it but the fun and promise given just isnt there for me. If you simply want to have WW1 fun this is actually for you."
,Not Recommended,242860,13619438,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Trill Gates,"After playing for only a couple of hours, I can tell this game does not suit me. If the two teams are competent, then no one makes any progress and the game literally is just a neverending stalemate in the middle of the map. I spent well over half an hour in a freshly started match and neither team made any progress the whole time.Now besides that I guess if I complained about anything else I'd be rebutted with ""It's beta bro."" Yes that's fine, I'll overlook the janky grenade mechanics (they travel at about three frames per second, sometimes cause insane motion blur that could make someone go into anaphylactic shock, but can be pretty lethal when they hit), the awkward gunplay, and the rough graphics in respect for that. I cannot ignore, however, the monotony of charging across a huge battlefield, getting gunned down about half way across, then getting a notification saying it's time to defend and you do the same thing to your opponents. You do this for what feels like endlessly until enough people on one team give up and leave and really good players join and crush the opposing team, or until you leave and decide to go write a review on it.That being said, It's pretty realistic I guess. So if you love WWI, pushing trenches and have a lot of time to kill, pick this up on a sale maybe. Otherwise, I'd probably just recommend Red Orchestra 2 to those people, as it's simply a more polished and featured game than this, with very similar concepts and mechanics, albeit holding place in WWII.I simply cannot recommend this game in this current state as long as Red Orchestra 2 exists. That game is strictly better at the moment. Not to say that couldn't change over time, but for right now, 5/10."
,Not Recommended,242860,33153223,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr. Samsa,"It was fun to get into despite the lack of info or interface that would explain how squad exp works or what career points are good for and so forth. Some silly things I noticed right away with the system and UI that are noticeable.-Tooltips vanish right after you mouse over things and require you to click them over and over.-You cant see soldier upgrades because the upgrade menu is obscured with text blocking its view.-Creating a squad, you cant assume any position in your own squad except leader until you join a battle. It took until around 9 hours of gameplay before i was even able to try being a sniper without combing other squads for this reason.The gameplay is simple and gritty, shots kill with 1 hit usually, as they should and there arnt any extra tasks or objectives except the all important trench.  There is nothing to interact with on the maps (you wont be digging your own trench or putting up sandbags) and you cant help people that are dying or injured so its all about taking that ground and moving forward. The guns are nice and the gameplay itself is what you should expect however the problems that start to present themselves after you get the feel for things take the fun out of it unless you learn to avoid/abuse the problems that seem persistent in every match or battlefield.-Thrown grenades can glitch and go at different angle than where your looking/throwing.-No ammo replenishment, what you spawn with is all you get, ever. 1/2 the time you cant tell if your shooting a helmet or a rock so with no way to replenish ammo it restricts your ability to give suppression fire or probe spots you suspect enemies might be.-Falling through the ground into the abyss (you do not clip through teammates so its possible to get shoved into abyss).-bullets hit around corners or seem to have some strange AoE where they hit. Shoot into empty space and score a hit.-conversely bullets get stopped by invisible hitboxes that seem to stretch beyond the objects visual appearance and sure-shots are stopped by outstretched level geometry or a wire post nub.Personally I could overlook all of that since the game itself feels good to play (if you like this kinda battle). The fun is diminished further however by the fact that there are few maps and the max battle size is only 32 or 16v16 at best. Once you become familiar with these linear maps, the battlefield becomes a turkey-shoot. This makes it possible to hide someplace where you cannot be observed but are able to kill with impunity by shooting through cover into areas without needing real visual contact with enemies. Too often matches will become a chore or a waiting simulator and that is still considering that the nature of this kinda game demands lots of deaths, possibly all at the hands of 1 machine gunner but it doesnt work well with only 32 and/or 16 per side max. I cant offer any clever solutions despite my criticism but I would have at least thrown in some fluffer ai soldiers to fight alongside or something if 16v16 is the best it gets.tldr?I felt more satisfaction playing Mount & Blade Napoleonic Wars for this kinda of gameplay and I think I should have bought Rising Storm 2: Vietnam instead. Get it on sale is what I could recommend. Otherwise its too glitchy, maps seem smallish and linear (even for trench warfare), 32 player battle limit too low and overall experience is muddied by exploitation or restriction by these limits."
,Not Recommended,242860,10303959,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BORN2DIEWORLD=AFUCKKILLEMALL1989,"Verdun has a very interesting concept. It's been a long time since a decent WWI shooter has been released.Unfortunately, I don't think Verdun is going to break that chain.The gameplay itself is very floaty. There's no real weight behind anything. You press forward and you immediately move forward at a consistent speed, with no real feeling of movement. The mouse has dreadful smoothing added to it, making aiming more difficult than it has to be.The menu, at the moment, is difficult to navigate. There's no real server list, you just pick a map and play. This is a serious problem considering this is a PC game.Perhaps my biggest issue is the lack of decent optimization. I figured I could run this game very well after looking at the system requirements, but even on the lowest settings I was struggling to stay over 30fps. Though the game still is in beta, so hopefully this issue will be fixed by the time it's a finished product. The video settings are also very poorly done. Things like antialiasing are either ""on"" or ""off."" There is no 2x, 4x, etcetc. Once again, for a PC game, this is disappointing.All in all, Verdun has the possibility of having a good future. If the developers fix up the optimization issues, add in more weight to the game, and adjust the accuracy of guns, this game could be very good. But for now, I don't advise you buy this game. Download the Iron Europe mod for Mount & Blade: Warband. You'll have a significantly better time playing it."
,Recommended,242860,14998630,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,eragoon78 ケットシー,At first the game is a little hard to get used to and learning when and where to rush can be difficult at first but after only an hour or so you should start to understand. The guns are extremely deadly with a 1 hit kill policey and a 2 hit kill for small arms fire. If you have played games like Rising Storm or Red Orchestra 2 then you should feel right at home with this shooter. Within my first several hours I found my self leading a squad into battle across no mans land. As we reached the other side of the muddy field I called in a gas attack as we put on our masks. We quickly rushed the trench with our bayonets stabing those who had managed to get their masks on in time. We then defended the trench for the next several minutes while the rest of our team arived to support us.10/10 great game for early access!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AJZadfk79Q
,Recommended,242860,23748908,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CYCLOP,I love the new Battlefield 1 Beta
76561198003068242,Not Recommended,242860,16473269,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Averroes,It s a cheap and bad red orchestra.I dont recommend it
,Recommended,242860,22837700,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Meltaliz,"Well, Rest in peace Verdun."
76561198054881011,Recommended,242860,15989296,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Shadow The Edgehog,Jumped into a trench and killed 6 guys in a row with a shovel. 1337/10 Would kill guys with shovel again.
,Not Recommended,242860,28995878,Posted: 3 January,all,Fresh- trade.tf,"The movement is just unbelievably clunky, not to mention the ridiculous pop in on some of the map objects. In a game where you're using rifles, you'd need to get the movement right or else the game feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nothing it offers justifies the huge 25 dollar price tag, I could buy some realIy good games with that money. recommend picking up day of infamy or red orchestra if you want a less realistic but infinitely more fun game, different wars though."
76561198065638436,Not Recommended,242860,32099188,Posted: 31 May,all,Superstar Cole,Its a great game but I just cant rate it up for the fact you cant level up to get diffrent abilities and stuff unless you have friends. Which not everyone has like me so your stuck with the weaker abilities compared to everyone else.
,Not Recommended,242860,30907825,Posted: 2 April,all,Rico2,Nope.Community is saltier than Shia Labeouf
76561198003502377,Not Recommended,242860,19496025,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,simonmoore1986,"A frustrating gameI love the period and the setting, love the look of it.but...There is a massive learing curve when there is no spray and pray, with out a scope it very hard to combat those snipers and the grind is like no ther fist person shooter, this game is for some one who can sink a lot of hours into it reapo the rewards, not a freinedly pick up and play with out being creamed every time you spawn by the same guy again and agian and again."
,Not Recommended,242860,16471002,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sheol,"There is a steep learning curve with this game, and if you're a NOOB, you're gonna die repeatedly.  When you do finally begin to learn the game play, you realize that the snipers are camping and know most of the spawn points.The lack of a single-player mode means you have no chance of developing any experience with unfamiliar weapons and the inability to pick up weapons off the battlefield is also exasperating and unreal.  Beginning with a pistol and entrenching tool is not only hard but suicidal.  I doubt I will spend much more time playing this war sim compared to others.I wish I had spent my money on some other game on sale."
76561197971861550,Not Recommended,242860,16449909,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FSBDavy,"Download. Play. Must choose a type. What the hell is the difference? Choose at random. No rifleman beginner type class that I can see. Spawn. Try to see where you need to go- oh, you are dead. Spawn. Try to figure out who to follow. Follow a bit and die. Spawn. Die. Try to figure out menus. Start to go online to find out how to play. Hmmm. Actually, I feel like playing a game, not reading about one. Quit. Load something else.Might be good, I actually don't know. Needs a tutorial. Has rave reviews. I'll try again when I have some time to figure out how to play. Probably. Possibly. Concieveably."
76561198008318573,Not Recommended,242860,29206300,Posted: 12 January,all,Oraklet i Mariehamn,Shot a guy but appaerently he killed me and my shot didn't count. Further more the artillery can sometimes kill you despite it's on the other side af a hill and sometimes it can expload next to you and you survive.Also you can be stabbed through walls and be bashed från 5 meters and you don't always hit despite shooting the guy. Unfortunatly it's the only game where you can get this kind of experience so you don't have much choice
,Not Recommended,242860,26701675,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Snazans,"There isnt much to say about this game. It looks amazing but plays like roblox. Very bad character movement, rarely anyone online, and a confusing upgrade and weapon selection system.Complete. AIDS."
,Not Recommended,242860,16529104,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Harwood,"I don't mind games with simple graphics but only if the gameplay and sound are acceptable. Sadly this game has neither going for it! The gunshot sound effects gave me a headache in less than an hour and the graphics on ultra look like something om 2006. Teams are always uneven and squad/friend system needs an overhaul for it to work correctly.Now the onto the games core, it's gameplay: spawn in, die... spawn in, jump into trench, stick head up.. die! (repeat)"
76561198050594870,Not Recommended,242860,24012399,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SUNBRO,There is literally no body playing this game. It is all multiplayer with 0 squads and 0 matches. Don't buy. Shame cause it looked soo good to.
,Not Recommended,242860,16578924,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Frizzle Fry,"THIS IS NOT THE WWI GAME YOU ARE LOOKING FORYou get stuck with the crap weapons until you ""level up"". Oh you just began? No sidearm. Oh you want a bayonet? No other items. Oh you can only get that one class where you have just a rifle and a pair of useless binoculars? Too bad.Just like real life. Anyway, the game has upsides but does not capture trench warfare verywell. It is not very fast paced, which is odd and almost none of the fighting happens in the trenches (most of it in the no mans land). The gun ranking is a huge downside considering there are barely any MGs on a match at any given time which is completely the opposite of WWI where it was basically all charging into machinegun fire.Costumes and weapons look good, and the cycle of operations for the weapons was nice (if you interupt a reload or bolt action, the gun won't fire until you set the bolt), but the game has next to NO blood or gore. This is a WWI game, are you serious?! One of the bloodiest wars ever, and it's made to be all cupcake?!Last gripe was the the default controls and the combat system (which is clunky at times). Has it's upsides though but I got it for $11 and considered trying to get a refund. I have played better WWI games.I ended up getting a refund."
,Not Recommended,242860,20258145,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Reveal Your Meat,"Bought the game over a sale.Played for 10 minutes.Requested refund.Framerate is awful, servers are shockingly bad (500 ping on my local [EU] server).Also very few players. I think there were about 150 players in the core game, and 20 players for each of the additional two game modes.For a game that relies on multiplayer, this is unacceptable, and unplayable.Additionally, I've seen posts saying that these issues will be fixed, from the developers, timestamped over a year ago. I think at this point it's clear the game's performance issues have been abandoned.Buyer beware."
76561198128977691,Not Recommended,242860,13812125,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Faggot Nigga,"so... i bought this game in the sale the otehr day, the reviews were very positive and peopple were saying it was great. so i bought it, it was reasonable and i like this time period. however, i cant even start the goddamn game. ive looked at a support group of the game and they dont know what the problem is. i knew it was a beta before i bought game, but just because its a beta, doesnt mean devs can not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥abou their games. why should i even be paying for this, betas should be free not a paid preview of a buggy mess. ive noticed other dev teams doing this, and it needs to stop now. i give this game a 0/10, i cant even play it so, i dont feel it should even get a real score. i hate this and i wish it would stop.Btw, i can play bf4 ultra 76 fps, its not my pc"
,Not Recommended,242860,16460250,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Art Vandelay,"Just wasted my money on this un-optimized piece of garbage.No support anywhere, the game won't recognize my 770 and will only run off intergrated, no matter if I change it in control panel or not.Don't fall for M2H Studio's tricks and spend your well earned money on this....They simply do not deserve it."
,Not Recommended,242860,28497799,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DesertedCake,"game has a steep learning curveshooting anything but a rifle past 50 meters results in missing/extreme inaccuracy.you get a ton of weapons which is nice I suppose but most feel like a reskin or exact same thing.new comers, I recommend holding it out because my first hour of playing was questioning the game's combat mechanicsif you really want a killing spree, just get an SMG and hold left clickanother thing that was bothering was the x3 scopes. Since all the maps are 300 meters long, it's almost impossible to see anything due to the greyness/dirtyness. You would be able to count the mustache hairs."
,Not Recommended,242860,17426110,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Idioteque126678,"Couldn't even play this game.Servers make you feel as if you are constantly at one frame per second, and often players will look as if they are rubber-banding or teleporting around.I love the concept of the game, the immersion & realism, the weapon and squad role variety, but the game is stricly multiplayer and nearly as ruined as Paul Walker's last Porsche.In all honesty, I'd pay double the current price for this game if the multiplayer was bearable, and I truthfully wish I could recommend this game, but I'm just glad I was able to refund it."
,Not Recommended,242860,15640750,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,BigPickle,"Terrible game play. Great design, great concept but no players and terrible sniping stale game play"
,Not Recommended,242860,13612593,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,katz #p4v Farmskins.com,"AU server lags like hell, and I got disconnected every 3 minutes."
76561198036240103,Not Recommended,242860,13217014,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,EasyJesus123,"Interesting concept, dont see alot of WWI fps'. Graphics are ok ( I am aware it is early access). The one big issue I have which is why I dont recomend this game is that fact that combat is rather boring. There needs to be more players for each game because if feels like you are all by yourself sometimes. Very little team work. Although this game has a RO2 feel to it, it doesnt even come close to  the teamwork and scale seen in RO2. Overall, cool game but I won't play it until updates allow for larger maps, more players, more action and more teamwork. For this reason, at this time, I cannot recomend the game."
76561198223297636,Not Recommended,242860,16474427,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,trey.ginga.ninja,wont even load my first match i want refund
,Not Recommended,242860,13727072,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,iCantEvenButtons,"I would like to start by crushing any arguments of ""but it's in early access"" with the fact that this is a paid product, and calling it ""early access"" is an excuse to squeeze money out of people without finishing the game.Even with the consideration that this is in alpha, it's terrible.-Graphical issues appear everywhere. Looking up causes graphical errors, water causes graphical errors, sometimes the screen just turns black and you can only see your arms and gun.-Enemies that know where the spawn locations are abuse spawn points.  You will sometimes be given a moments glimmer of life as you spawn in, before a bullet removes your only chance of playing.  When this does happen, leave the server because it will continue to happen until they push your team to the next objective or the match ends in your loss.-Tactical HUD visuals lag behind.  Names lag behind team-mates as they run along.  Objectives drag around across your screen...the floaty symbols give you a headache after 10 minutes.-For a game about extreme realism, they sure keep all the good weapons and attachments for higher levels.  Meaning not only a learning curve from realism, but a leveling curve.  Vast open fields are extremely difficult to see enemies across.  Too bad you don't get a scope until a higher level.  So a team with higher level players usually wins because they have the necessary gear to play properly.I have more problems than fun.  There is so little in this game...it may be a neat idea, but it is not worth the $30 price tag.  Stay away from this game until it is finished.  You will regret the purchase."
,Not Recommended,242860,13625606,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,b0rk3d [GB],Quite possibly the worst FPS experience in living memory.Just terrible.
,Not Recommended,242860,16045342,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Tre,"A tad disappointing. There is just no real feeling of the horror of the trenches. I was sort of hoping for Maxims and Vickers firing on fixed lines at ordered ranks of slowly advancing infantry, pulverising preliminary artillery bombardments and maybe even a huge mine or two. Instead it's snipers everywhere, light machine guns and very small squad tactics.  This does not feel like World War 1 trench warfare. It's more like Arma 2 in small muddy fields. Maybe I was hoping for too much. I know that being mown down in waves with the rest of your Battalion crossing no-man's land at dawn would not be very pleasant but it would have been nice to try (and even better to have seen it and lived through it). Perhaps if I'm generous then 3 out of 10 for trying (but just not trying very hard)"
76561198018491611,Not Recommended,242860,16542959,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Smiley Joe,"For anyone looking for an engaging enjoyable FPS this would not be my first choice. Most games will feature an intro or tutorial section, Verdun does not.  Not much to enjoy about being a raw recruit in any way here.  This game is very raw and not worth the money at this time."
,Not Recommended,242860,33250318,Posted: 4 July,all,Foot,"God this is bad.  You HAVE join squads that have predetermined weapons and attributes.  I thought we were past that as a ""simulator""Squads were NOT 4 people consiting of 4 different ""classes""Commanders carried rifles you idiots.I have to create my own ""squad"" just to play with the weapon I desire."
76561198007857226,Not Recommended,242860,8411496,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SlimCognito,"This is a 2 out of 5 game Please dont buyBad physicsBad manuverabilityLImited options on weapons,classes (cant pick guns or get ammo) limited to clases depending on who you play as.Graphics are not that good on ULTRATime based game you dont attack or deffend unless the game says you can......and you get killed if terrirory changes.Get Heroes of Stalingrad its is so much more fun and better..."
,Not Recommended,242860,8530503,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,kzu,"I was expecting a WWI Red Orchestra type of gameplay but it played very much like COD2. Which in it self isn't a bad thing but not what I had hoped for. Yes, this game is early access and is continually being updated but as it stand it's not the harrowing, gritty world war one experience that it tries to portray.Great work by the developers that needs to continue to polish this up into a great WWI fps. However, it is not worth the £12.99 that it's going for on Steam at the moment."
76561198290424748,Not Recommended,242860,32341027,Posted: 11 June,all,Xxxpucci_ZlAyErxxX,enemies can see you at all times but you can never see them. good luck trying to have a good time playing this unity ♥♥♥♥ fest. lagggggging all the ♥♥♥♥ig time.and 99% of the time you join a server you're going to be spawning with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ revolver and binoculars.cancer
,Not Recommended,242860,10068205,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Tsathogga,"I wanted to like this game.  I really did.  However, it is not worth it at this time.  I played several hours, made it only to level 3 and only got one achievement.  I don't have 1000 hours to put into this game to reach level 50, and most likely neither do you.  Avoid unless you like living for 10 seconds or less before having to respawn.  Graphics are not up to par.  Trees will change directions as you get closer to them.  Play COD instead."
76561198116260235,Recommended,242860,20465534,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The Dude,">Spawned in my first game>Get shot in the head as soon as I peak my head out of the trench>Get sufficated by a gas attack>Get mowed down along with 10 other team mates by machine gun fire as we charge towards the enemies trenches>Slowly realize the generals are throwing our lives into the meat grinder>The statement ""war never changes"" begins to have a horrifically different meaning10/10 would realize war never changes again."
,Not Recommended,242860,30435925,Posted: 10 March,all,SteCool101,Unless in EU or US there are no players and my ping from NZ means I'm easy meat
,Not Recommended,242860,11593868,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Stache.,"Good game, But as of right now id say hold your money until the devs fully fix this game, Minor glitches and instances hinder the gaming experience that Verdun tries so hard to give. As of now atleast [2014-08-07]"
,Not Recommended,242860,8674655,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,westfriend,trenchfoot: the game
76561198068981713,Not Recommended,242860,16624092,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Skytrain,death sim on top of multiplayer stupidity
76561197971544087,Not Recommended,242860,15650811,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,flamingfist99,"Another boring online only game, get shot whilst wandering around trying to find your comrades, totally unrealistic. can i get a refund?"
,Not Recommended,242860,14648118,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wojtek,"Stupid, waste of money"
76561198105538743,Not Recommended,242860,18137957,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,165278,just dont buy
76561198134222557,Not Recommended,242860,14652158,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,briandunkel18,"Don't buy, it wouldn't even load all the way for me."
,Recommended,242860,24061293,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,PS4 Master race,I had no clue BF1 came out this early?!
76561197979835447,Not Recommended,242860,25189255,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[P4N!C] Fenix,"This game has the worst netcode i've ever encountered. Hits dont register, people pop up from cover after they shot. Furthermore even with increased brightness everything is still incredebly dark. If you want to shoot something from a distance you will have look for the one moving pixel, that is your enemy. Over all this game brings more frustration than fun. If I could, I'd get my money back!"
76561198035687964,Not Recommended,242860,29178073,Posted: 10 January,all,Promethean,"The developers would rather port the game to consoles than fix this broken mess. I could deal with the bugs and janky gameplay when the game initially came onto steam. Over a year in, it isn't acceptable. ♥♥♥♥ you developers. You failed."
76561198102730418,Not Recommended,242860,13615748,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Eugène de Savoie,"This game is kinda awful... You basically just run towards an objective, just to be killed by a dude with 10 times more skills than you so you can never really progress thanks to the absence of a training or a solo mode. So yes it is very first world war like, especially in the way that it is not fun at all."
76561197960335466,Not Recommended,242860,21261214,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,fubey 8><,bad game play
,Not Recommended,242860,16554164,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,El Tobstero,It keeps crashing and i'm not able to switch back to my primary gun when i've switched. It's got laggy servers and really annoys me to the bone. It's good but I just dont get to live it properly!
76561198097029340,Not Recommended,242860,30511749,Posted: 14 March,all,Matt Kerry,"I bought the game for about 15 dollars, I was not expecting much but what I got was horrible. the guns feel weak, recoil was probably put in after the game was released and it sounds like they are still working on the sound. I could not tell when I was getting shot and the only thing that lets you know that a grenade went off was the smoke because you have to be in the explosion radios to hear the sound. the squad leaders (if you could call them that) looked exactly the same as the opposing side. I also could never tell what killed me the tags for guns and explosives are so vague it might as well say ""you died from a gun."" The only two redeeming factors in these game is how it makes you feel, you feel disoriented the entire time like you are in a trench, and when in the trench the textures were on par with the price. But, in a hole would not buy these game just save up and buy battlefield 1 it is way better than this.4/10"
76561198037504456,Recommended,242860,14629534,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Shazam,Pretty fun game but they completely ignored the fact that guns werent invented until after world war 1 :/
76561198030492080,Not Recommended,242860,8967159,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,joshuameeks,it laggs hard and its hard to see enimies from afar
76561198226275688,Not Recommended,242860,15605397,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,joshtuck88,"game keeps crashing after the intro screen, I reallly want my money back"
,Not Recommended,242860,19203466,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Mako,This is a first impressions (1 hour of play) review and I will come back after 6 hours of game play with more depth.I had this on my wishlist for a while and the sale made me buy a 4pack for me and some friends. There are also a lot of good reviews for it on steam (however if you read a lot of them they are actually saying they didnt enjoy but clicked thumbs up). I like slower paced tactical shooters such as Insurgency but first impressions of this game make it feel like a poor mans Red Orchestra.I like...-hold/push/retreat game play of trench warfare is unique-detailed maps that are actually quite interesting consideringI dont like...-clunky animations-no in game voice?
76561198024904501,Not Recommended,242860,17159257,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Dr.Zoidberg,"I bought Verdun based on the positive reviews and the great looking screenshots. And I really liked it at first, especially the gritty atmosphere. The slower pace is a welcome change from games like cod as well. I am not a ww1 expert but the devs seem to strive for authenticity, which is great. Thing is it gets repetitive very fast and squad bonuses are too big for dedicated groups of players. Many players exprience perfomance problems, especially those with high-end pc's, which the devs seem to care very little about. The game has not recieved updates in ages and I have heard no word from the devs on this matter. The player base is in decline.I am sad to say that I cannot recommend this game at this point, it feels abondened.(sorry for if my english is not that great, it is not my first language)"
76561197989919499,Not Recommended,242860,16992425,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Htwenty,"What's it like?.... Think a bad version of CoD2 but you dont  have much of a choice of what weapon you use. Winning or losing is luck of the draw. The overloaded a directx 9 engine which makes the game play almost unbearable, I've played f2p(p2w) games that have more fluid game play."
,Not Recommended,242860,17732742,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Neurosys420,"it looks fun, but the shooting ... so bad.cannot recommend at this time, expected to improve tho I think."
76561198060694214,Recommended,242860,16603436,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Metal Undivided,Must buy if:You want a good FPSYou want a game about WW1You have some frineds you want to play with (up to 3 of them)You like bolt-action riflesYou like good ol' non-modern CoD
76561198203259296,Not Recommended,242860,14927157,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,NippleHound,this is a really great game besides the fact of 20 second spawn times and how easliy it is to get spawned killed u spawn get killed waiting 20 seconds spawn again run to your trench get killed before entering your trench wait 20 seconds u gotta push the advance make ur way running all the way across the map to the enemies trench you get killed wait 20 seconds spawn back at ur trench make your way to the enemy trench again gets killed wait another 20 seconds I know this game is in beta but not having to wait such an ammount of time in a game where death is so easily to come by still better then cod doe!
76561198061367183,Not Recommended,242860,16366407,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SweetCherryPie,"I would recommend this game, but the hit detection is so awful I can't play, Plz fix."
76561198309494824,Not Recommended,242860,30707599,Posted: 24 March,all,riostwo,This game is a waste of your money the creators don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about it because the game is full of hackers and the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥because everyone in the game is laggy and don't say its my wifi because I have great wifi also the controls are clunky and the hit boxes are all off. This game is worth about ten bucks not twenty five in my opinion.
76561198022642348,Not Recommended,242860,33359469,Posted: 7 July,all,Qwerty,Complete Garbage dont even buy it on sale
,Not Recommended,242860,15671880,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Garbol,"I was going to write a positive review but after a while of playing Verdun I decided not to and here are the main resone for it is the over-complicated squad system.For such a simple game the developers of Verdun decided that you will only level your squad IF you play with the same people that you played the first time in that squad. If right now you are asking your self""...what?""then read a guide on the squad system XP and it's leveling. If you are still asking your self after reading said guide ""...but why?"" then Verdun is not for you.Just like in RO2 you will die a lot everyone is a sniper unless you are the NCO then you have only your pistlo a mortar/gas call lin or recon plane. Again your calss progression is tied with your squad XP. Did I mention that when the game came out of EA, Dev's did not wiped squad XP and you will see people with level 100 and maxed squads so good luck with that."
76561198124539801,Not Recommended,242860,29194215,Posted: 11 January,all,Djaj2000rox,"This game was not for me. I can see how people like this game, it is well digsined and well built, but I dislike trentch warfair. I thought I might like it when I bought it, but after a while I saw that the extreme long range, and the bolt action rifles were not for me. I think I will stick to Insurgency and CSGO."
76561198077435605,Not Recommended,242860,25610748,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,BirchTree,I can't play the game it keeps crashing SOS. Used to play all the time and was much fun
,Not Recommended,242860,25365564,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ryan taylor,Game is fun but poorly optimised it doesn't detect my dedicated graphics card so im stuck playing a laggy mess
76561198063531730,Not Recommended,242860,15744192,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,gerardo.rec,"The game is good in terms of its gameplay, graphics and overall action. However, I wouldn't recommend it due to its constant server kicks that simply make the game unplayable in my case..."
76561198179906945,Not Recommended,242860,20259752,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Falciendly,"The game has a memory leakage of some sort, or it is just poorly optimized by amateur game designers at best. This is a three-man Development team, so don't expect the issue to be fixed soon. Infact, some say the Beta was much more stable.Unfortunately the poor optimization means you can only run the game on low, even with a powerful graphics card it stutters like crazy, causing you to miss shots and die in absurd ways.The hit-detection is also off in this game, it might aswell be random luck if your bullet actually counts; I've pumped 3 bullets of a rifle into someones face and chest, my sights are on them, we're in trenches. But no, bullet disappears causing me to die by THEIR first shot.Can't recommend this game to anyone. Time to move on and find another game, I'm afraid."
76561198141949907,Recommended,242860,30474448,Posted: 12 March,all,Bongman7,"cgjhj,hj jk"
,Not Recommended,242860,19920716,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,rubert,this game is a literal joke
76561197977934660,Not Recommended,242860,14987499,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,allforster,"Was a good game until they ""fixed"" it."
,Not Recommended,242860,13697410,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Schweinehund,"At the moment of writing the game is suposedly in beta 177.<h1> <b>THIS GAME IS NOT READY TO BE AN ALPHA LET ALONE A BETA. </b> </h1> It has some interesting ideas, however it's suffers a lot from poor implementation.The performace sucks, on a decent rig that runs Red Orchestra 2, Battlefield 4, no problems, i can't even get baseline performance, on any resolution, at the lowest settings. Also SEVERE LACK OF CONTENT. It only has a not very interesting Free for all game mode, a.k.a. riffle deatmatch, and a wave based assault&defend scenarion, similar to Red Orchestra 2 Teritory. Also anymations are glitchy, shooting doesn't feel all that interesting, maps are dull (well i guess at least that's authentic). Maybe in a year it will be fun, now it's kinda borring."
76561198063384897,Not Recommended,242860,13929274,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,twat,i have a 780 graphics card and the game runs really bad on it. the gameplay feels more like cod instead like a realtime shotter i do not recommend this game right now.ps:the it lacks in animation and a good feel to it i does not give justice to the verdun battle.
76561198046517540,Not Recommended,242860,14115688,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ben Shapiro (Thug Life),"Honestly I want to say to go get this game and recommend it but I can't. Even though it is the most tense fps I have ever played (possibly more intense than Insurgency), and I love the atmospher I can't recommend it for one reason and that is that the optimization is terrible. I getting at most 24fps on medium settings and it averages 19fps which is actually worse than what I got before this big update to help with this sort of problem. Now before you go and say ""oh its your crap hardware"" let me add some perspective. I can run BF3 medium to high settings at 1080p getting average 45 fps and let me say BF3 at those settings looks much nicer than Verdun on medium by a longshot. Now I don't wanna say that graphics are everything in this game because if it weren't for this huge fault I would recommend it, although if you are looking for something to run I would say avoid it right now, until they get an overhall on the optimization."
76561198094027617,Not Recommended,242860,16197859,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Azathoth,"Takes to damm long to aim down sigths,laggy slow  it's like a you mama so fat joke. waste of money  guninely♥♥♥♥♥♥i might change my mind but i doubt it"
76561198001743210,Not Recommended,242860,13274728,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,LooK@MyKn33s!,"I really want to like this game.  It attempts to capture something that no game has really even attempted: ground level trench warfare in world war I.  However a slew of bad design decisions by the developers force me to give it a negative review at this point.  When you open game you are treated with one of the most well designed and charming menus I've ever seen in a video game. Rain pours down as old time world war I tunes play under a dimly lit trench.  Once you enter the game however, the charm is quickly gone. The minute the battle commences it's pretty obvious that something is wrong here. The battlefield is largely silent....except for the cracking of rifles.  Artillery is sparse and machine gun fire is non-existent.  The first and most glaring issue of the game becomes apparent: rifles dominate the battlefield.  This is neither historic or fun.  It gives attackers a much greater advantage than they should have and turns the game into a Call of Duty style bullseye fest.  Artillery and machine guns are present, but they are grossly underpowered. Artillery can maybe take out 2-3 closely packed troops, and machine guns lack strategic emplacements that give them any sort of useable view of the battlefield.  On top of that, the rifle combat is extremely broken.  From what I've heard, When you and an enemy fire at eachother, the shots are sent to a server, the first shot to reach the server kills, the second shot does not actually exist, even if it is fully animated in the game. If this is true, and in my experience it appears to be, that means whoever has the best internet connection makes the best shots.   I cannot count how many times I've had my iron sights on an enemy, fired a shot, only to fall over dead while nothing happens to him.  This bullseye fest gameplay takes away from the atmosphere, it does not feel like a WW1 game at all.  I'm not saying it should be a trench foot and PTSD simulator, but the alternative of having one or two snipers rack up kills by hiding in the enemy trenches and essentially spawnkilling everyone is no fun either.While it is certainly hard to balance historical accuracy and fun, it is not impossible.  Red Orchestra 2 had some pretty revolutionary concepts that would work very well in this game.  In RO2, if your crack-shot skills are not up to part that day, you can utilize suppressive fire to disturb snipers. The suppressive fire model in RO2 is superb and badly needs to be implemented in this game.  Players with machine guns should be able to spray no mans land and keep snipers from being able to pick off their comrades, artillery should shake the very earth on which it lands.  Attacking an enemy position should be disorienting and surpassed only by a combination of acrobatics and luck.  No one should be able to just set up in no mans land and pick off defending soldiers until they too are shot down by another rifle.Here is what this game badly needs before i can fully recommend it-Better hit detection: two enemies should be able to shoot each-other dead-A shellshock and suppressive fire engine: this would counter the strategic advantage snipers have in this game, artillery should make the ground tremble and shake, machine guns should disorient anyone who is even in the vicinity of bullets, not just kill this sit hits-A way of mounting your rifle on trenches: this was a staple of WW1 combat-A better price point-23 dollars is way too much to ask for a game that is not finished and looks like Call of Duty 2Would all these these things give defenders a huge advantage? yes, but that is literally the point of WW1, and it badly needs to be implemented in this game."
,Not Recommended,242860,13628935,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Soft Furry Boyfriend,"very fun gameplay cut short by its problematic matchmaking, could never find a game where all four players could play after making a squad.buy it after they fix this or play it singleplayer."
,Recommended,242860,16281434,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Theon Gayjoy,gr8 game m8 i r8 8/8.
76561197989704407,Not Recommended,242860,28481246,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ultimate Beta,this manages to explain less of the game mechanics than Destiny did its story.
,Not Recommended,242860,28478922,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,+1s,"I think this game is overrated, cuz overall there is nothing special in this game. You die, you respawn, you go to the front, maybe you kill an enemy, and then you die again. Surely comparing to Battlefield 1, Verdun contains a relatively ""WW1"" atmosphere, which is its pro. However, the game lacks of variation, getting you bored after half-an-hour playing. I have to admit that the variation in BF1 is far more better, there are different vehicles, more differentiated weapons, and at least you won't get bored for the first 10 hours.So don't bother to play if you really like WW1 atmosphere, but if you are more concerned about gameplay, this is not the game. Go buy BF1 or something else."
76561198029761155,Not Recommended,242860,14909453,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,NondairyJam,instantly getting killed everytime i spawn is not fun.
,Not Recommended,242860,14089991,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,NarkCurse,"A good looking game, just no team balancing that lets it down big time :("
,Not Recommended,242860,12177193,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,constantinople,"Im a sucker for entertaining WW I content, so I dont take this lightly - the game has a nice back and forth trench dynamic, with (I guess for gameplay reasons, good ones I might add) only light, player-call-in artillery.BUT. in rising order of problematicness:this game doenst look good,it doesnt sound goodand it doesnt feel good.that it doesnt feel good comes in part from not looking and, more importantly not sounding good - mostly affecting the gunplay. it also lacks audiovisual feedback for instance on dying - and has a poor, laggy hit detection. theres players jerking around, prone keeps messing up...also, the performance is garbage even on high end machines, for no reason.in short - its a game I would love to be well executed - badly executed. at least for now. a shame."
,Not Recommended,242860,13561547,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,神Sir Awesome_Possum神,i dont even know where to start about this game it is awful the gun play and how the squad system works i hope u did not buy this game for full price i got it on sale and not just that but on side always has more control over the other makeing gameplay impossible
,Not Recommended,242860,25830185,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Somali Salami,"The trench warfare gameplay mode was underwhelming. The objectives were unclear, whether or not you were winning  as a team or not was unclear. The leaderboard showed deaths which does not promote team play. No one on the team or in the squad was talking to work on tactics. The gameplay didnt seem to require tactics - either you are attacking or you are defending that's it, team positioning, role coordination and timing attacks didn't seem to be involved. Maybe I was just on a bad server. No artillery being used like I saw in a video before purchasing.The whole ""choose a squad"" system seemed unnecessarily obscure/over complicated. The focus should be on choosing a role that is available, and then you just default to a squad. Unless you specifically want to create a squad with your friends, but I suspect most people would prefer to choose a role first, and the squad is unimportant. Anyways the graphics were good and could see it being fun but just wasn't the trench warfare I was hoping for.Recommend red orchestra 2/rising storm instead."
76561198007038945,Not Recommended,242860,16768246,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ulfhedknar,"I can only play this for a few minutes at a time until I run across a hacker, then I quit."
76561198126861573,Not Recommended,242860,28495246,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,silly salamander,very poor frame rate and really laggy
76561198039096301,Not Recommended,242860,16518025,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Killameter,"I had hoped this game would be like COD2 with a story line and a single player mode. Much to my disappointment, it wasn't so. There is no where in the descriptions mentioned that this game is online-multiplayer only! Way overprized for a game that just connects you to a server and throws you in front of lions without proper training..."
76561198028006252,Not Recommended,242860,25235848,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,EightBit Rex,What can I say? It's ANOTHER budget low end shooter. You get what you pay for!!  I paid 9$ for this.  Might as well play the original medal of honor.  The graphics remind me strongly of it.  And it's unbalanced as hell.  There is nothing fun about being killed repeatedly for hours straight without even pretty graphics to pass the time of day.
76561198260150949,Not Recommended,242860,24194301,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mahamoksha,bad graphics and gameplay
,Not Recommended,242860,25223233,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Havok,"I Actually Can't say much- BECAUSE I CANT PLAY THE DAMN GAME!Oh and if you happen to have this issue too, dont worry, YOU CANT GET A REFUND,Whats the issue?Game starts up just fine, its all good, You go to find a squad or make your own for trench warfare, or join one of the other three game mores like the Co-op Squad Defence. . . . It opens up squad interface, lets you get all set up. No biggy.  you set to ready and launch into a game. ITs Loading. Loads....IT will load into .... The load screen for the main menu!!!"
76561198190236334,Recommended,242860,28453846,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,PokerJoker,REALLY GOOD BUT IF YOU GET TRIGERD AT DIEING ALL THE TIME ITS NOT FOR U SORRY FOR CAPS.
76561197961042145,Recommended,242860,28488452,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Thorkell,Awesome game but please get rid of that Christmas map!
76561197992941233,Recommended,242860,34608878,Posted: 30 August,all,Agent-Orange,A game that puts some god damn hair on your chest.
76561197961308592,Not Recommended,242860,11540191,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Samekh,Twitch shooter with very little incentive for teamwork.
,Not Recommended,242860,15050539,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,walker,"verdun.now this is a special piece.it's like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's ww1, so it's extra♥♥♥♥♥♥playing this game is bad and good at the same time. as a good side, it's like running around a hospice♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and masturbating all around on dying children, on the bad side... well there's no bad side.either way this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy it rather kill my mom"
,Not Recommended,242860,15339677,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Vader,"I originally bought this has a 4 pack for me and my friends around Jan/Feb, all of whom were originally fans and players of the first Call of Duty. I (we) did really enjoy playing this, especially together, was a very simple formula that worked well, but in its current state and with the most recent updates I feel its been more of of a regression than a progression  with numerous factors (sway, sound, game lag, mouse lag etc) contributing to this.I understand this is the developers game, and I can understand in their vision they wish to make it has realistic as possible, however I'd advise that they should be aware of the line they tread between realism and playability for us has players."
,Recommended,242860,32129942,Posted: 2 June,all,Durelon,good
76561198060888181,Not Recommended,242860,8160008,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[FagFagZ]JnrJnr12,"Ok for a beta done by 3 people, the game is awesome. However on that same token it has too many flaws and bugs to enjoy properly at this point. If you looking for a good reliable shooter then this is not it. But if you like trying out new games and working with problems then its fine. Once it's completed it should be a good game but until that time comes I recommend waiting."
76561198100000149,Not Recommended,242860,13610009,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PYLON,"I had high expectations of this game based on the reviews.  I love FPS games but this game falls short.  I like games like CS, MOH, Tactical Intervention, Return to Castle Wolf, etc.  If you love sniping then you may like this game.   1 shot anywhere on your body = dead. Multiplayer maps are boring which consist of trenches, barbed wire and pits."
76561198007789798,Not Recommended,242860,13703515,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hermaeus mora,they need to work on the linux verson bad blackscreens and getting kicked off the game i really want to recomend this game but i cant last 2 games by my self in the private match until i get kicked off the server they need to work on it bad
76561198317699004,Not Recommended,242860,29381842,Posted: 20 January,all,ааааааааааа,Игра не стоит своих денег. Почему?Могу превести пару вещей:1)Графика точно не для графо♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ов(извеняюсь). 2)Убогие режимы.Я конечно не говорю что может есть люди которые могут сдеть и сидеть в этом ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥е по часу.это все
76561198027408109,Recommended,242860,23776596,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DipperZ nbd,Came for the trench foot stayed because the trenches took my feet
76561198008596842,Not Recommended,242860,13627299,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,valkin75g,This is yet another game that should have stayed on the planing board until they could think of something that is not so boring. Very Poor programming code and cheaply done Graphics with an very bla bla bla feel.
76561197981934672,Not Recommended,242860,15620997,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Kordi,"Is this game fun? YES!Is it fully working? NO!Apart from problems with the servers, this game has a lot of bugs still not polished and removed.Falling through the map, for example. This happened to me about 3 times in a single day of playing. Also, the barbed wire doesn't seem to work like it should.Apart from that, I couldn't connect to the servers for 3 hours without any reason. It said I need to disable my antivirus and firewall. Did that. Didn't work.Reinstalled the game. Still didn't work.The servers sometimes also get bugged and basically, after a map change, you cannot play. The game shouldn't have left early access in this state.Apart from all the bugs it's still a fun semi-realistic WWI shooter.Wait until the bugs get ironed out, maybe grab the game when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,242860,29662596,Posted: 2 February,all,★ Chris ★,"Doesn't feel like a war game instead of a game where you just run around freely, not many people on the game so it's hard to have an action packed game"
,Not Recommended,242860,13750486,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,'Zakan Mikhael',"I really want to like this game... in fact, i think I do like the game.  However, it needs some basic fixes, as I'm a bit lost most of the time while playing.  Most important, I can't seem to find myself on the minimap (other players' are white triangles, and I am a light yellow triangle -- and, it is very hard to tell the difference, especially when the other players triangles are ON TOP OF MINE... then, I can't see myself at all !!!).   The minimap is very important, because the playing field is so uniform (looks the same with ww1 trenches in all directions) that you can sometimes run the wrong direction, finding yourself OFF THE MAP and then ""executed"" for being off sides or off the map (you only have a few seconds to return).  Also if you are crouched or proned, you have to hit the same crouch or prone key to stand back up... the stand up key does not always work depending on how you are positioned.  The other big problem is that EVERYONE LOOKS THE SAME (can't tell teams apart) -- if you happen to be a WW1 expert and can tell the slight differences in uniforms, then you may have a chance at knowing who to shoot at... but, I tend to unload my clips on my own teammates and get killed while reloading.   Authentic uniforms are one thing, but this is a video game... make them different colors or something... or put an indicator over your own teamates head or something... anything!  This is why I get lost on the game.Once this stuff is fixed, I'll come back and edit my review... because the game is a great game... it's just these few mechanics that make it frustrating."
,Recommended,242860,11736988,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Obi-Wez Kenobi,Possibly one of the best FPS games there is.
76561198125104899,Not Recommended,242860,21680387,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Charrio,Fun for about and hour. Then gets old and annoying...
76561198131950745,Recommended,242860,22021592,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Sharpe_Wallace,good game 9/11 would rate again blood nice gore real
,Not Recommended,242860,17865936,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,KyleMcCloudSr,"Well, I played 37 minutes, and I pretty much saw the whole game in 37:Here's how the game goes:1. Randomly enter into battle without even knowing which side/role/weapons you pick (you're not given a choice).2. Massive Lag (I have a pretty good computer and internet)3. Get killed by random snipers/artillery/grenades4. Wonderful ""realistic"" battlefield mechanics like ""the invisible wall of death"" and forced orders and objectives that smack of red orchestra (at least it usually makes sense there).5. When there's even an iota of lag, everything you do is ineffective, but everything your enemies do is perfectly effective (I even saw a guy shoot me without even pointing his gun, he was just running and it miraculously shot me from the side while he was running).Now, normally I don't rant on a game like this, but this is ridiculous.Red Orchestra isn't this bad. Call of Duty isn't this bad. None of the ""realistic"" games nowadays are this bad.This game needs MASSIVE overhauls and a LOT of polish.The mechanics need to be stripped out, torn apart, and put together in the RIGHT way so that at least it gets to Red Orchestra/ Heroes and Generals standards AT LEAST.Also, Red Orchestra actually has singleplayer. Just play that if you want a semi-realistic experience.By the way, WHERE ARE THE TANKS???0/10 (I'm serious)"
76561198169213098,Not Recommended,242860,15659842,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,jammedbug,"Awful. Sluggish graphics; no proper way to adapt firing positions with prone/crouch and the environment; way too geared towards camping snipers. No option for night ops, smokescreen or ground that would mitigate the sniper infestation. The maps with barbed wires and terrain force choke points that experienced campers can exploit. Aiming weapons slow and sluggish, and not realistic at all for fast aimed shots at short range with rifles. Game has promise but needs to be expanded for counter-sniper tactics and artillery smoke screens and strikes to make it even fun for infantry fire and support through no man's land."
76561198080262656,Not Recommended,242860,16211659,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Buju Banton,"This game was originally very good but after recent patches snipers have become to overpowered, creating huge stalemates in most games. Since this game is won by who captures the most trenches, people often camp for the entire game (even while on the offensive). Most of the time a game is a draw due to how no one wants to advance to enemy trenches, whether its because they are tired of getting killed the minute they leave a trench or frankly just trying to get as many kills as possible. I can't suggest this game to anyone until the balance issues are resolved."
76561198064467907,Not Recommended,242860,11472225,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,[VAP]Broke Hawk,this isnt a game its a respawn simulator. literally its a fps with bad graphics and even worse gameplay. you litterally have one gun the worst gun you can imagine and you limp around and eventually die for misterious reasons. ive played better games on my phone that looked better than this travesty. also i payed seven dollars for it. i want my money back and i want this game to go back to the toilet it crawled out of.
76561198117938820,Not Recommended,242860,13793563,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dutchy,it just wasnt what i expected
76561198059490032,Not Recommended,242860,15844595,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,HoneyBadger56,"Artilery Simulator 2015All you can do is sit in your miserable trench and hope that the gods of artillery haven't chosen you for the human sacrifice.SERIOUSLY, more than half of my deaths were from artillery strikes!some were just after I had spawned. I can't recommend this game until they fix the OP artillery. If you plan on getting this game, get ready for a artillery-induced ragefest."
76561198117376317,Not Recommended,242860,16193966,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Derpapotomusrex,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing frusturating its not even funny. you barely see anyone and you get ♥♥♥♥ing hot every 5 minutes
76561197994068481,Not Recommended,242860,16045628,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,cronotrigger30,can not get into i have gtx 760 with 4 gigs of ram and it still lags. this is crazy. optimize your game devs can not recomend this title.
76561197993277554,Not Recommended,242860,13482822,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Silens,Horrible... spawn die spawn die
,Recommended,242860,11922143,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Lugatos,gun as
,Not Recommended,242860,33015556,Posted: 29 June,all,☭Sovietkiller☭,"Clunky, lagy, graphicly not impressive...."
76561198075563168,Not Recommended,242860,30546449,Posted: 16 March,all,Zetruckipu,"Honnestly, the game is fun, you do have a real feeling to be in the trenches when you're under attillery attack, gaz attack and that the germans are comming straight to you.... BUT my gaming experience have been ruined by the HUGE amount of cheater and hackers in the game (aimbot...) It is simply not fun to play it anymore"
,Recommended,242860,11460445,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Bundi,mooch fun
,Not Recommended,242860,15620030,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Cankle,"I cannot recommend anyone playing this game. I realize that this is set during WWI and that it was trench warfare during that time period but this just doesn't translate well to a game. Basically, you end up being in a trench the majority of the time and as soon as you get out you get sniped from a mile away. If you want an instant death simulator then sure this is great but that's about all you get here. The other problem is the graphics. They are just bad. The textures are horrible and the maps are buggy. The network connection also glitches frequently. It feels more like an early access game to me and probably should be. Another problem is the lack of players to create a good war experience. Maybe in the future there will be more players, i don't know. I would love to return this game. 20 dollars on sale isn't even worth it. 5 dollars and maybe it might be."
76561198013157812,Not Recommended,242860,22699711,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,"The Goggles, they do nothing...","Coming from RO2, i wanted this game to be good.  It isn't...  It has good ideas, but it's so badly done that it just isn't fun.Graphics are alright, but the animation are pretty bad and really don't assume that if someone is not looking toward you that he's not in fact aiming for your skull at that very moment.  Controls are also super clunky.  Also expect to die a lot, like a LOT, often leaving you wondering how the ♥♥♥♥ it could have happened, reloading behind a huge hill, headshot, hidden behind a wall, headshot, behind a fence and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of grass, rocks and♥♥♥♥♥♥that makes it impossible for you to see anything ?  Headshot.And usually it will go like this:You spawn, artillery falls on you and you die, wait 20 seconds for a respawn, you move 10 feet crouch and get shot in the face while in a trench and there's nobody but friendlies around, wait 20 seconds for a respawn, you die in artillery on spawn, wait 20 seconds for a respawn, you manage to get to the trench, barely peek your head out to look for ennemies, headshot by a sniper, wait 20 seconds for a respawn, you're on the other side of the map, you peek out, get sniped by the same friggin sniper as 30 seconds ago.  While you're waiting to respawn you pick a sniper rifle, it seems good.So you spawn, start climbing the side of the big friggin hole you spawned in, somehow get bounced 10 feet in the air, get shot in the face.  Wait 20 seconds for a respawn. Arty on spawn again, wait 20 seconds. You find a spot, stick your eye in your scope and realize you still can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it takes you 6 seconds to cover 10 feet of grounds, then you get sniped by the same sniper as before who somehow always know where you are, can see you everywhere and can scope from one side of the map to the other in 10 seconds...The one time you finally see someone in your scope, you zoom him in, fire... and nothing happens, then he teleports 10 feet to the right and shoots you in the face.Then a whistle blows and you have to attack the enemy trench, you run across the no man's land, throwing yourself behind cover at every opportunity, you somehow manage to survive the artillery falling all around, the snipers, the mg fire all around you, you're almost there !!!  You see someone looking the other way, you fire and for once he doesn't teleport, you got a kill !!  Then the friggin whistle blows again, it took too long and you have to run back to your trench, you notice a countdown on your screen, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1... you're executed for desertion...  wait 20 seconds for a respawn.To hell with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game..."
,Recommended,242860,16566167,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Spaghettisburg Address,stupid sexy Flanders
76561198007367590,Not Recommended,242860,15590635,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,mars~is~red,"Ought to call it SPAWN and DIE ! No tactics involved ! Way to many snipers ! You spawn you advance a few steps your shot immediately . You sit and wait 15 20 seconds spawn and die again Gee how original is that ! Forget it wish id never bought it , its inane mindless . A game for dummies"
,Not Recommended,242860,15711562,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Azam,"Well I gotta say the game is coolBut everytime i play it i get a low fps which is wierd,I can play  GTA 5 on 63fps and this game i run it on 9-13 fps which is  annoying."
76561198179381499,Not Recommended,242860,21392230,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,RedRock3t82,Seems like this game has a following but personally I really can't play this and call what I'm doing enjoyable. There is not a single thing in this game that another game doesn't do better.  I've tried it twice and uninstalled it twice.
76561198021053433,Not Recommended,242860,17326301,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,berrydoo,"This game is terrible. I bought it and when I tried to play it, I was immediately killed about 10 times in a row. There's no single player mode. You're just thrown in with people who know how to play multiplayer - which is not obvious from the game description - so I just got killed over and over. I wasted my money. There's no gentle introduction. You're just taken to a live game where everybody knows what to do except you."
,Not Recommended,242860,17023205,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,♕twitch.tv/kingasiimov♕,"This game is no fun, believe it or not. You launch ur game and wants to play multiplayer, this game has no singleplayer/story-mode. You look at the servers in the server list, ALL OF THEM ARE EMPTY 24/7. All the good recommenders are probably people who made the game I dont know. All I know is, this game is a total waste!"
,Not Recommended,242860,21025821,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,UncleBOB (bier),Strongly disliked this game.
76561198162069749,Not Recommended,242860,28603436,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"This game is OK. So the graphics are not AAA quality or anything really to boast about. The game is pretty much a one shot kill with any gun (pretty accurate with real guns) but sitting in a trench for half of the game was not exactly what I was looking for.Only played this a few times with friends, never playe it again. I uninstalled it from my steam library on my computer and I even have some other games that I havent touched in 2 years still installed. I just dont see myself playing this again."
76561198046576852,Not Recommended,242860,16406254,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,jordanstormbauer,if u have a not really good computer dont get it
76561198033212983,Not Recommended,242860,24263027,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Turd Burglar,Actual World War 1 soldiers had a better life expectency than you do in this game.
,Not Recommended,242860,26195812,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Exodus.,Dead
,Not Recommended,242860,13555180,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SilenTblooD,"I don' inderstand what so interesting in this game. it is far worse then heroes and generals in all aspects.and you pay money for it. even , when it is on sale it is still not worth it at all. franky made a bad call to make a video on it and make it look like something worth buyng."
,Not Recommended,242860,24079698,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TOCS,"I played this game way before it went to Steam and had a price tag. They've improved a lot of things and it's a decent shooter, however, the input lag makes it pretty much unplayable, which is why I decided to get a refund. 100+ fps with a jumpy mouse wasn't really what I was looking for."
76561197984918511,Not Recommended,242860,27781297,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,3G,Can i get a refund on this game please?.. not a fan
76561198058933842,Not Recommended,242860,14379260,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Deus Vult Robbie,"I'm an enormous history nerd. I am into World War 1, and when I heard about this game I was psyched. I got it and started playing. Now, I got up to level 10 ignorng the problems, until finally it got to me.First off, it is punishing to people who have never played an FPS in their life before (me included). I mean, I actually made it up to level 60 and people still shout abuse at me for how much I suck at it. I got really frustrated at times and must have rage quit 10 times altogether.Second off, there are some things that just don't work. For starters, sometimes you can be shot in a shell hole 10 feet deep. If the enemy shoots you but you get into the hole, the computer still gives the kil to them. Also, pistols are very unbalanced. You have the Webley, which does barely anything and sometimes takes upwards of 4 shots to kill someone, even when shooting at the chest. Then you have the Ruby, which can spray an insane amount of bullets while taking 5+ bullets to kill people, and then the Luger, which is basically a one-shot weapon with the rifles. It makes sense that a headshot is one-shot, but as for the rest of the body, a shot to your chest at point-blank range is killing IRL. ANd as for explosives, grenades cannot be dodged except by those Pro MLG guys who just do it so they can tell the newbs they suck because they can't dodge a grenade, and the mortars just fall on you. ""But you can clearly see the smoke trails if you look hard enough at the sky..."" Well when am I supposed to look at the sky? Should I stop every thirty seconds and scan the sky feverishly to make sure there aren't mortars coming for me, and then flee my position if I see them?Furthermore, you can do some pretty cheeky and annoying things in this game, such as prance about side to side making it impossible for the enemy to shoot you while you gun them down, somehow aiming/firing/bolting your gun while rocking side to side.The game is based on a war when heroism was counterproductive. And therefore, it makes doing heroic stuff next to impossible. Actually, I've found that when I try to do something cool or heroic, I'm much more likely to get hit by a mortar shell.""No, it just encourages team play!""No it doesn't. The inter-player communication is barely existant. Nothing happens with team coordination without clans.And finally....*sigh*...the in-game community. It's ATROCIOUS. There are multiple clans filled with super skilled players who are clearly veterans of multiple FPSs before, who decimate the less-skilled players (like me). Complain a ittle bit that the learning curve in the game is broken, and they will rip you apart saying ""OMFG its just a game bro"" and ""♥♥♥♥♥♥ doesnt understand the game, read the guides and stop sucking!"" or ""that time of the month again?"" They quickly turn my games into a matter of running in circles waiting for them to come out of nowhere and kill me with absurdly good shots coming out of a sprint.I hope the developers make good use of my wasted $15."
76561198273024886,Not Recommended,242860,26422877,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Heavymetal9078,doesnt work for me
76561198146252058,Not Recommended,242860,19060378,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,MC_KermitDeFrog,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I r8 -8/8 m8Kill yourself game
,Not Recommended,242860,24060296,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Daddy,"Wont detect my dedicated graphics card, and will not play on the integrated chip. Devs addressed this last year but did not fix it."
,Not Recommended,242860,21672210,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,07_Sev,"""ultra realistic shooter"" UP MY♥♥♥♥♥ On what world does a pistol need 3 shots to kill while a rifle just needs one? I've just played this game for a couple of minutes and I am already sick of spawning in gas without a gas mask on and getting shot in my spawn. I can't understand why people like this game..."
76561198122714579,Not Recommended,242860,25266297,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ToastyBunz,"I do not recomend this game if you plan on playing alone (personal opinion), with friends id think this game is alot more entertaining. Now for my actual opinion, the game itself is very good looking WW1 based FPS, for a resonbaly low recomended Reqirements for the game its really nice looking.The gameplay, personaly i like it to a degree, most maps seem fair (Besides 1 with the tunnles(very one sided) and intresting the trench war is what i enjoy, the guns are nice looking and the maps do diffrent from one annother. The problems with the gameplay, 1 map (dont remember the name) is almost impossible on one side because you cant go over the tunnles, so your stuck going through some form of choke point, Also annother common occurence is the lack of any cover (some have more than others) but you end up hiding in bushes and grass (which given is realistic) but you cant see through it, Annother problem is you need very keen eyes to play this game, because most of the time you can only see a head across ""No mans land"" which makes it look like a small dot and from what ive played ive never had some form of a scope (besideds the base iron sight)Charachters, Now obviously this mimics real war, but every one looks similar in clothing, so it comes down to either me shooting a teammate, or simply not realising the enemy in the trench which then kills me, so pay close attention to the map. Annother thing is the charachter selection, almost pointless because you are forced to play one of 4 charachters 1 has a pistol (which sometmes seems OP) and a heavy machine gun which is only useful on defence and the Flamethrower, which is only useful on certain maps. The guns, personaly i like the guns they give you, and i know its a WW1 game, but i would like some variation in weapons and maybe simple attachments like a scope, i would like to see some useable tanks/planes/morters.Lastly this is my opinion on the small time ive played on this game so if im wrong please ignore my ignorance, its a desent game but for £19 i dont think its worth it. might as well get Heroes and Generals."
,Recommended,242860,30517696,Posted: 14 March,all,Colonel Coleslaw,"<Sample text to fill in a lousy positive review, trust me it's good>"
,Not Recommended,242860,23555769,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,God Chua,"I love the concept of this game because I personally is a big world war 2 based games fan. However the community is dead and in Asia countries theres no squads at all. And when i searched for games in other regions, its quite laggy. The movement is smooth but the shots are delayed. There are barely or no squads more than 4 slots, making the game less exciting because it takes quite a while for a player to spawn and imagine waiting forever just to get a kill. After a while the game gets kind of boring since theres nothing much to do"
76561198054555624,Recommended,242860,25301330,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,approximatezero,i shalt not not reccomend ye thy game. tis a game dost beseech ye te play.thine game is almost nary boring and ye will learn verily!thine community yonder tither is verily nice...huzzah huzzah tis a good game5/7
,Not Recommended,242860,28804480,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,☩ L u k e ☩,"Impossible to spot enemies on low graphics meaning you only live for like 20 seconds every time you spawn, also no one plays this game anymore there are only like 100 players on at a time. Still kind of fun"
76561197972420548,Not Recommended,242860,28260826,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ChupaThingy,"How do you screw up a FPS? Easily, let cheaters run rampant! This game was vanilla to begin with, sub par graphics, poor hit boxes, and bland maps. Throw in a ton of hacks, aim bots, and the4 game is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,242860,32245608,Posted: 7 June,all,TheSilentKillerx,Don't buy. The reviews for this game are very misleading.
76561198061625825,Recommended,242860,14895941,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Vikingishly,"best game, 9/11 allahu akbar"
76561198039184477,Not Recommended,242860,29929112,Posted: 14 February,all,bulldozier,Game has consisently failed to load..today I decided to TRY again...failed 2017-02-14-162258
76561198064381705,Not Recommended,242860,20349259,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,wraithmech1,"notice how i have like no play time? that because i got kicked out of every server i joined just because of my ping, while my ping isnt good (750ish) ive played beter looking games that had larger matched with little to no problems besides that the game is fine from what VERY little it let me see unless you have very good internet than do not play this game"
76561198035867713,Not Recommended,242860,15761084,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Rasmus,"Lots of camping, little variation between squad types."
,Recommended,242860,16517385,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,☭Ævvy☭,Probaly the best shooter game ive played in my intire life. i really recommend this game to everyone out there. 10/10Btw. ive read most of the negatvie reviews and most of you just dont have a good reason to hate this game. most of you just say you die all the time. i know its a little bit buggy. if you die all the time. Its just you that need to improve your tactics.
76561198015281159,Not Recommended,242860,15711553,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,xArchAngels13x,i dont recommend this games because i am playing on a australian sever well i live in australia and i keep getting disconnecting why release a game when its not fully patched wtf thumbs down!!!!!!!!!!!!1
76561198021404124,Not Recommended,242860,15721278,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,eswaer,"Very disappointed with Verdun. I want my money back. This game wll not connect to the server. Every attempt, even after disabling firewall results in a connection lost message even though it never connected in the first place. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,242860,18214993,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,KennySang,"If you want to play a good WWI, WWII FPS, then go with Rising Storm\Red Orchestra 2: bigger and more detailed maps, much better gameplay, teamwork and graphic. Verdun is a just a very so so game."
,Not Recommended,242860,15722453,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Uly,Most accurate WW1 Game i have every played it has bad servers and is very buggy.
76561197968461716,Not Recommended,242860,22450071,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The Beefalo,This is either a good college programming project or bad retail product.Unresponsive controls.  Horrific sound engine.Do yourself a favor.  Buy RO2 instead.
76561198076824440,Not Recommended,242860,31512870,Posted: 2 May,all,Lobstersaurus,"5/02/17 - Mechanics are okay, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ guns are fun to play with. Spawn camping, and spawn nades are ""immersive"" and an intended mechanic.Lots of sniping, so don't ever leave trenches.Lots of corner camping, so don't ever roam trenches.Basically, just lay down after spawning in.Not a lot of fun, but not surprising since when I played there were 5 games of 32, so the community is microspic at best.Don't waste your money, imo. Maybe worth 5 bucks.Updating after 5 more hours:Some depth to which NCO your team has.Too many try hards holding onto being the best of a depleted communityDifficult to get roles that offer op guns such as mp 18/17 and that USMC one that you can walk and fire withevery other role is basically just a riflePassives dont mattersquads are difficult to level as you can't retain them very easilywhoever spawns in as the ""attacker"" has an immediate disadvantage for the whole matchTL;DRalmost 10 hours in, learning curve is too high, community is too small and too hyper aggressive, if you don't have friends to group with good luck, if you want to play a certain role, you'll likely have to wait. Not worth full price. Final price is 7-10 USD maximum. Dead community for a MULTIPLAYER ONLY game ruins it."
,Not Recommended,242860,28769214,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,i enjoy traps,"Worst hit detection I have ever seen in a game.Cute concept, bad execution."
76561197971019817,Not Recommended,242860,15604543,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Borne,"This is very good at simulating world war one. Your team will charge over the top, get slaughtered by machine guns and snipers, and by the time you make it to the enemy trench, you will be alone.So, you fight the enemy as long as you can - about 10 seconds if you're lucky - and make absolutely no progress in the attack. Then you retreat to defend your trench against the inevitable onslaught. And somehow the enemy manages to crush you. You look at the scoreboard and realize their team is half-full of people who have fully upgraded characters with weapons you can't compete with. So, you try another server.You die from an errant bullet shot by one of the many unbalanced & unrealistic rifles.Nobody wins. Everybody dies. Except the alpha play testers. They win and don't die.Respawn Simulator 2015.Seriously though, my biggest gripe is that you can only get decent weapons if you play/grind for such a long time that you already had no fun. The gas isn't a threat at all, the map is dark and unusable, and worst yet, if you don't have the ability to crank your graphics settings up to maximum, you will be at a disadvantage. Save the trouble, this game is flawed in its very design."
76561198106962459,Recommended,242860,8129889,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,semperfi84,"A great game that plays a little like CoD but fortunately it's much better because it can be challenging considering that there are only two automatic(both are machine guns) and two semi-automatic(both are pistols) weapons which makes you need to think about where you should aim and if you should fire and take the crucial second or so to pull the bolt back and load a new round whether or not you hit your target. Plus all of the weapons are historically accurate(minus the imfamous French LMG, the chauchat which was pretty much only known for its constant jamming) as well as the maps you can play on. Even though it's currently in the beta stage and only has two game modes and four maps(as of writing this reveiw), it is still an amazingly well done game."
,Recommended,242860,18986270,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Barnacles,The game is AMAZING!!! Creates the atmosphere of a REAL war. Really worth it
,Recommended,242860,33111242,Posted: 1 July,all,Tomm,k
,Not Recommended,242860,20693745,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,dogman,i dont know what to say other that 15 fpsa game about shaders and not working
76561198054389960,Recommended,242860,22165843,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dan,.
76561198084723427,Recommended,242860,12664444,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,StarNate,I highly recommend this amazing game! and i am not just saying that because i am high!
,Recommended,242860,32770659,Posted: 25 June,all,JDFull,"This game is not fast paced and if you like run and gun games this isn't the game for you. It is, however, for people looking for a realistic WW1 shooter. The game is overall decent and very immersive. The graphics look good, however, the terrain is sometimes made of straight lines when looked upon closely. The movement also feels a bit clunky and not particularly smooth. This is an issue considering if you move too much or poke your head out of the trench you will get shot. I wouldn't pay full price for this game but if you get it while its on sale its a bargain."
,Recommended,242860,32833086,Posted: 26 June,all,BKFirst,"the game is really good, some flaws like the ragdoll physics and in general the optimisation is not the best. I am happy that its available for Mac so I can play it."
,Recommended,242860,11598317,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Sithious,"-EARLY ACCESS REVIEW, MAY CHANGE OVER UPDATES OR WHEN GAME IS COMPLETE, IF HOPEFULLY EVER.-Ive been dieing for some kind of WW1 game around a RTS or FPS genre for years, and I know alot of other people have been to so when I saw this game I flipped the♥♥♥♥♥♥and thought it coulden't be true and pretty much brought it on the spot to see what crazyness is going on here! And yea what I got was litterly crazyness lol.It's admittedly as early as an early access gets tho, its chunky, clunky, robotic, finiky, moody, sluggish and all around riddled with bugs and errors that will generally give you a hard time or slow you down alot, like the darn reload stopping itself. Here is a nice simple, detailed list to read highlighting all the major problems that the devs should really work on after bug squashing and error handling:SUPER STEEP LEARNING CURVE- Immense learning curve! It's hard to get kills and its even harder not to die, so it makes learning how to play very frustrating as all your looking at the respawn screen most of the darn time. Also there is no tutorial of course.DIE TO EASILY- You die way to easily with no chance to react to the guy that shot you 90% of the time. Yes im aware that's mostly realistic and what happened in WW1 but also take into account the war was fought with HUNDREDS of thousands of men charging enemy trenches then retreating to defend all at once so randomly losing guys to unfair BS was part of the deal, obviously those kinds of numbers in one game is ludicrous for servers to handle so at least make a game mode that allows somebody to survive a couple of non head shots cmon?!NO PLAYER FEEDBACK TO IMPROVE- No player feedback to improve, like general area where someone shot you from, range, where you got shot, enemy POV death cam sort of thing, so you can at least not make the same mistakes over and over and feel like a total tard. I hope to god they add something eventually.NO BOTS OR TUTORIALS!!!- No bot AI to train on or get a game going if nobody is online yet, bots should always be in games like these to balance things out and allow people to play solo if they want a break from the player vs player sniping BS that's currently in the game.LAGG AND SMALL AMOUNT OF SERVERS- The lagg can sometimes be insane, 3 second delay to your bullet going out then hitting the spot the enemy was 3 seconds ago isent much fun, or accurate. The game needs alot more servers in other countries to balance it out for all players and better lagg handling.UNFAIR GUN PLAY- No bullet drop?! So basically you get sniped in your trench, through dirt from the other side of the map by pretty much any gun, generally by the same guy sniping from a hole over and over... yea not fun at all. These are WW1 guns here not 50 cal ultra modern sniper rifles with 60x scopes.BLURRY GRAPHICS- Insane game fog and blurryness! You can barely see♥♥♥♥♥♥♥past like 200m which makes it very hard to spot enemies, or see anything, really.BS ARTILLERY- The enemies BS artillery! This is pretty much how I died alot of the time for no real reason at all, I mean the grenades you can understand alittle more at least you can get up and run from those and shoot the damn guy but one second your laying in a spot totally in cover or what seems to be cover and then your blown up by a sniper nuke or something, I don't even know how it works or how it's even vaguely fair but im pretty sure artillery didn't have pinpoint accuracy in WW1... might be complaining alittle and not knowing what to do about it but it happened ALOT and it really ruins your fun since there is generally no way to anticipate it, dodge it or avoid it in any way so far.TOTALLY UNFAIR KILL OUT OF ZONE FEATURE- I think the biggest problem so far is the unbelievely stupid wonky 'desertion' feature they have in the game right now. If you go into the red outside zone of the battlefield you get 5 second countdown then it kills you and you lose -15 points. Kay fine my bad ill stay out of bounds, but then if your out of your trench on defend boom, 5 seconds isent enough to figure out what to do and you get excuted and lose points, getting annoying now. Then if your not charging the enemy on attack and stay around your CO's green circle of command which you can only see on the minimap you also get excuted, yea thanks! The fact you never know were to go and its very easy to get lost on piles of dirt and trenches that all look the same at the start of the game makes this feature an utter troll, I was killed more by these timers then the actual enemies, work that out. Whoever thought this was a good idea to make people go where they are suppose to is a moron, this feautre is hugely noob unfriendly. Make the non playing area unaccesable and invisable wall it, thats what most devs do, players will learn in their own time they can't go there and go somewhere else instead of harshly killing them for it. And there is no need for these stupid desertion time out suicides when a guy is out of the trenches, guys derped in WW1 alot, it happens, they will eventually get shot by the advacing enemy anyway or realize everyone is in the trenches and hop in and help, having to kill the player AND penalize them with minus points and respawn time for not knowing where to go or what to do is very very unfair and a very poor feature that needs to get the hell out of this game, and any game really, there are better ways to do it.UNFAIR TEAM COLOURS- Last thing, the germans wear grey and blend in perfectly with the sorrow colourless terrain, yea thats totes fair... this is a minor one cas thats WW1 accurate but you try playing a bright blue uniform wearing frenchie and see how much more of a bullet magnet you are in comparison!You have good reason to reconsider buying and playing this game if you read all those rage inducing mostly major problems, but beneath those frustrating faults.... there seems to be a really good WW1 FPS game here, maybe even as good as Red Orchestra? It's all up to the devs really, if they can keep themselves dedicated and motivated enough and stay ontop of  digging up and squashing bugs we might finally get the first epic WW1 FPS game on steam. Assuming the devs don't bail out on this or cash grab and run then this could be an inspiring future for WW1 games who knows!Should you try it right now tho? Like everyone else that's reviewing this I would suggest you don't, it's just in such a rough alpha state that I can't possibly recommend trying it for 20 bucks, not yet anyway. I voted it up becuase it's a great unique idea, somebody is actually trying to make a WW1 game so kudos to that and it has good potential if the devs go for it. If you have the patience for alpha games tho, love FPS games especially with older guns and love WW1 history enough then definatly give this game a shot cas it's pretty cool, just saying.It gets a 5.5/10 from me so far, decent and has good potential but clunky and needs alot of work so far as you would expect from early access games."
,Recommended,242860,16454300,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Badkarma,>Joins first game>Finds myself in a charge on a German trench>Kill some germans>Get blown sky high by artillery>Cry a little bit>Respawn>Germans are charging us now>Defend position>Get 57 kills with my Lee Enfield>Is very surprised>Look down>Character has trenchfoot>Oh well>Continue playing>Mustard gas strikes down on us>Put on my gas mask>People dying all around me>Get a pistol>Bash three people with a pistol killing them all until a French Legionare stabs me with his bayonet20/10 would get bayonetted in a mustard gas attack while having trench foot again.
,Not Recommended,242860,25239082,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Salt,"Extremely clunky controlsSome of the worst spawns I've seen where they literally spawn you in the open in front of an mgTerrain causes you to be stuck on rocks you should be able to just walk overGuns feel extremely bad. I have missed a nonmoving target from 10 feet away with the Webly only for them to immediately target me and 1 shot mePlayer models do not work well with terrain. Saw an enemy prone on a hill, on my screen they appeared to be looking straight up in the air due to the terrain but apparently they were looking straight at me as they then shot me in the face.Would not recommend unless you enjoy frustration"
,Not Recommended,242860,22301173,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,☻╬♦Wojtak♦╬☻,this game had potential but no one is ever on the graphics are really not great you can find a much better free to play game like heroes and generals or something
76561198055934326,Not Recommended,242860,15347569,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Azelus Crave,"when i was viewing the trailer clips it looked like it would have a story mission, but upon launching the game all i found was it was just like a more updated COD, PvP deathmatch with absolutely no story, and like COD if you have been playing forever you will have a magor downside."
76561198116108751,Recommended,242860,31466491,Posted: 30 April,all,Alberto Barbosa,Better than Battlefield 1
,Recommended,242860,24026100,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Youperd,Fun game to play alone or whit friends. Don't like the germans how they kilt us with their gas.Best medal: Most kils with gas.I rate it 7/1010/10 annoying dog probaly died lesser then me░▄▀▄▀▀▀▀▄▀▄░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░▄░█░░▀░░▀░░░░░▀▄▄░░█░██░▄░█▀░▄░░░░░░░▀▀░░██░░▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░▄▄░░▄▄▄▄░░▄▄░░█░░█░▄▀█░▄▀░░█░▄▀█░▄▀░░░▀░░░▀░░░░░▀░░░▀░░░
,Not Recommended,242860,14144335,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hail Corporate,"This is like a super mediocre version of Red Orchestra 2. RO2 still has a population, go play that."
76561198240783006,Not Recommended,242860,20938068,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DovahChikin,"3/10. Not very fun. It might be if it had full controller support, but in my opinion is very hard top play with keyboard. Also it's just not that enjoyable and a waste of money."
76561198091623623,Not Recommended,242860,20801102,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Weaponized autism,wow just wow really!!!!!!!!!
76561198120922139,Not Recommended,242860,26174475,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Your Drunken Father,"Controls weird, and some classes get you killed easily and nobody wants them. If this had some sort of singleplayer with AI i would be very happy with what it is, but sadly i dont like the multiplayer. I want to see hundreds of soldiers battling to the death every battle, not like the 8-40 or so that i have seen. Great mechanics other than the controls tho, graphics are a bit hazy though."
76561198067846289,Recommended,242860,26239641,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Æthelwulf,"This is a really good game, but only if you get lucky enough to be on a good team.Most people who play this game have the situational awareness of a rock, which is maddeningly frustrating.Staying spread along the lines is a very important and fundemental concept that most people playing this game seem unable to grasp. They either can't utilize a map because of stupidity, or because they choose to ignore it and try to ""rambo"", getting annihilated repeatedly.If you don't like to help your team, and you don't like to use a minimap to maintain good situational awareness, please do not buy or play this game.This community desperately needs common sense.TL;DR Good game, absoultely braindead community."
76561197982890281,Not Recommended,242860,16611611,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cthulhu_23,"I do not normally post reviews. This game has a lot of positve feedback, and it's a steam sale so I figured..what the heck! My thoughts on this game. First of all, the clipping SUCKS. Touching anything makes your character tremble worse than Michael J Fox, and you stick to everything. Second..it feels like a death generator, you spawn you die. The graphics make everyone look the same at medium to long distance. But stick your head out anywhere and bam...death. Don't want to hate on it too much because the people who play it seem to love it...but this is not my cup of tea. Think I'll stick to Red Orchestra."
,Not Recommended,242860,33724506,Posted: 22 July,all,Paladin,This game is too glitchy...good concept of WW1 trench warfare but it looks more cartoonish than an actual RPG. The hitmarkers work only when they want to. Wouldn't recommend.
,Not Recommended,242860,16611623,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tj_KnutsonYa,Its is a real accurate game but that dosent make it a real fun game. The simple nature of the game ends up leaving you with a need for more things to do as in Game modes like a domination style and maybe attachements for the weapons. I like the game just not that much I wish this was a start of the game and they had more to add. In this state I would say its better off playing a Free2play rather than spending $ and not being happy.
,Not Recommended,242860,16649917,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Handy Man Kira,"Game has a great concept, too bad the optimization was thrown out the window, get ready for a steady 40-55FPS, even with an i7 and 980Ti......"
76561198024384522,Not Recommended,242860,16675621,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,!Q | Elbsturm,This game is Garbage
76561198057223109,Recommended,242860,25219842,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Baptist Barry,I recommend this game
76561198090495048,Recommended,242860,25220319,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,STALINSUBWAY,"I just want the user review score to be higher, great game"
,Recommended,242860,35234033,Posted: 26 September,all,King,This is a great Vietnam game my only complaint is there isn't DDay like...This is a Vietnam game after all!!    Madness!
76666666666666666,Not Recommended,242860,28727657,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dead,bad
,Not Recommended,242860,15043489,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,OutlawChimp,"I have 9 hours of game time but all of a sudden I don't have the right specs for this game? That's $22 I won't be getting back now, cheers♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198091957032,Recommended,242860,22848529,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ITS A GIANT MOUSE♕,It made me never run n gun in cod ever again 10/10
,Recommended,242860,22966327,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Revolver Ocelot,Got crippling PTSD.100/10
,Not Recommended,242860,8060477,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,16B,"Well I liked the idea, WW1 games are rare, I know its still a beta, but there's a lot of things I dislike:-The squad systemI really thinked it was a good idea, but being stuck with specific class because other people joined sooner is bad...-Slow characterI don't want your character to be sonic but your character is sooo slow and spriting isn't better...-Players ?I never found a full game, max people I got is 5 people and still most of them were AFK-Price15€ for this ? I really think they should lower the price between 8-10€ just for the beta and when it's the full game, put it back to 15€"
,Not Recommended,242860,15752602,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,SSGT Semper Fi,"This is one of those games that made the transition from early access to full release when it was completely unwarranted.This game has great potential, it truly does. But be it due to a small team, an inexperienced team, or lack of knowledge of the engine, this game simply has far too many problems for me to recommend.There's not a game that goes by where something isn't buggy. Be it physics (ragdoll physics of dead bodies spazzing out), problems with client and server difference being incredibly noticable (A family member and I tested this. what I was doing, and what the game showed I was doing were two vastly different things, sometimes giving me the extreme advantage, sometimes giving him the advantage. It's possible to head-glitch this game in such a way that the only thing that can be seen of you is your rifle. The latency between client and server can also be extreme. Tested, again, with the same family member, there were times where the difference between what I or he did, and when the other saw it was in excess of one second.I come to you writing this review after I backed out of a match where everyone was invisible. Everyone. friendlies, enemies, I could see no one in the game. I was able to see name plates, but not character models.Problems keeping squads together when joining a game are commonplace. In fact, it's almost expected that we will drop at least one person.There have been games where no one has been able to spawn in to the game at all. Games where half the people are disconnected/timed out and the lobby can become very biased until the slots are refilled.This game was in no way, shape, or form ready for full release. I bought the game in early access knowing full well that I was buying a game that was unfinished. The game that I bought, and tthe game that is classified as full release are essentially the same: a buggy mess of great potential. I held off this review until now, as I don't believe in giving an early access title an unjust review. Early access has inherient risks, which include game-breaking bugs, fatal errors which can lock up your system, abandonware, or games that simply become somethign that they did not intend to start out as.As the developers have decided that this title has achieved a level of worthiness to warrant a full release, I, too, find that this title now warrants my advisory to potential buyers. And I advise against purchasing this title."
76561198062524408,Not Recommended,242860,14457631,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Madflasher,"Needs a lot of work. Very light on content, clunky and unrealistic feel, and not worth $23. If it was $5 I would be satisfied. Here is what's wrong:- Game is painfully repetitive. But hey its WW1 trench warfare so a bit to be expected- Weak on content. Weapon selection is poor. No useable props - cannons just sit there as scenery, as do tanks. Trenches and fotifications not that impressive.- Realism problem 1. No heavy machine gun emplacements. Which is totally unrealistic being that this was the primary trench defence in the war. Same for mortars and artillery nothing interactive.- Realism problem 2. Rifles are not realistic. The sight pictures on those rifles don't look like that (I know I have a real Enfield). Holdover at 100m would not have been nessesary with those rifles, and the scope has outrageous zoom compared to the 2x and 4x scopes of the era.- Ragdoll physics for bodies is horrible. 15 years behind. And graphics for weapons and characters almost as bad.- A little splatter and gore? This is WW1 people, the most horrible experience of the century. The bodies just collapse when they get shot and do the herky jerk with the bad ragdoll physics. It feels lame, fake, and sanitary. Another hit on the realism.- The whole thing is not convincing at all, and feels like a 3rd rate FPS, and does not give the feeling of trench warfare. I feel like I am playing a very early version of COD, or the 1st Battlefield (without the cool vehicles). It just isn't immersive.On the good side, the landscapes look ok. And the walking around and climbing physics isn't horrible.I was really excited to get this based on the reviews, but in the end totally disapointed. It could be so much more. Please don't do what I did and waste $23. Wait for a more pollished version with more content and a lower price."
,Not Recommended,242860,8160984,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Snitchy B,"Luckily, I bought this game at a steal price because I am shocked to see no Australian server option.  The game looks like fun and I was looking forward to playing it but playing on 300+ ping servers definitely give me an unfair disadvantage.Don't get me wrong, the game plays nicely and looks quite good but until you sort out your server agenda I'm afraid I'm gonna down rate this game.  Maybe have a server browser which people can start dedicated servers on or create an offline bots mode later on in development?Until then, I'm afraid it's a no go from me :("
,Not Recommended,242860,8721074,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Suprah,"Verdun one of the newest games in the WW genre, as it stands the game play isnt serious enough unlike many games in this category there are many others out there that beat this game hands down. the flaws are some im going to list here. Combat is lacking due to servers being very laggy with very low pings the movement animations are very jerky and hard to keep a accurate crosshair on your target theres only Teamdeath match of sorts and the game needs some serious work to be put it before i can reccomend this game to friends"
76561198009722620,Not Recommended,242860,10574644,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Captain Obvious,"It's like a WW1 Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm mod with bad graphics, bulky/glitchy movement, and smaller teams.  Who thought it was a good idea to make a WW1 game into a tactical squad based shooter?  I'd like to see at least 100 vs. 100 player battles with larger maps.  Though that's not possible at the moment due to the engine and lack of players.  Fixed machine guns on trench lines would be nice too.Now that I think about it it feels more like a Call of Duty 2 mod.  Updates are slow too.I have nothing good to say about this game.  I just hope they go in a different direction than a tactical WW1 shooter.  SWAT 4 in WW1 isn't fun for me._______________________________________________________________________________________EDIT: Decided to give this game another go and I still do not recommend it.  It's been around a year since i wrote the original review and it hasn't changed since then. It is averaging around 350 players according to steamcharts.  There was no one to play co-op mode with when I gave it a go."
76561198018794479,Not Recommended,242860,13783409,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Joe Jackdaw,"Played 10 hours. Really good game. Different from other shooters. Kind of Unique. But 16vs16 is too few to really give this game that feel of warfare.You charge the trenches with 10 guys.... while 6 stays back doing w/e. Wich lets this game down. Up the players and it will be much better, but right now i cant really recommend it. Too few on the maps to actually make it immersive and fun in the long run. Red Orchestra 2 is still the game"
,Not Recommended,242860,9437475,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,ChopStiR23,Was alot of fun to begin with but that quickly went away. I found it turned into sniper quick draw which was quite frustrating as you could barely move without being shot dead and then having to wait another 16secs for spawning. Trench exits are minimal and basically funnel you into sniper cross hairs for easy picking. I know the game is in Beta and has alot of potential but rage quiting sucks!
76561198135310216,Not Recommended,242860,13620150,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DaveTheGerman,This game is very badly optimized!
76561198096568555,Not Recommended,242860,9778641,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,weddings,"This game used to be fun until they created the mandatory ""defense/offense"" times.Basically means you can sit around for 5 minutes just waiting to go on the offensive.Blah, too bad, used to be a good game."
76561198011787701,Not Recommended,242860,10611580,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Makta,This game is probably the only game i regret getting besides an older title that had some issues with newer machines. Not only does it feel like a camper feast but for some reason it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my computer and besides APB this is the only game i got/play that does that. And even then APB is known for having a ridiculous requirement for what you get.Positive things? Well it is a WW1 game and they actually have fixed the bug/problem me and some other had with the mouse sensetivity.. But that is about it i guess.
,Not Recommended,242860,10201637,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Cop,"Although I appreciate the setting, this game sucks. There is a distinct lack of options regarding sensitivity which can be devastating to your experience when using certain mouses. The graphics aren't great and the models feel very amateur. It hasn't been released fully yet, and I understand this, but from what I've seen and read there isn't going to be much improvement.Not only that, but there is a lack of replayability. There is only a few maps and once you've played them all, it's all the samething. Gameplay is completely revolved around trench warfare and although I realize that this game is based heavily around the western front, but for the replayability to increase there needs to be a variety of maps that could illustrate the different types of fronts in WWI. A WWI shooter shouldn't be focused around trench warfare because it is likely to fail as trench warfare is tedious, slow, and after awhile looses its entertaining capablilities.I wanted a WWI shooter, but this game did not do it."
76561197994962276,Not Recommended,242860,8482218,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DanEli(dk),"While still in beta the game just doesnt have the feel, the physics and the sounds. Feels outdated. On sale maybe if its very cheap but as it is now not worth the money imo."
,Not Recommended,242860,15817260,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,TIG,"Unnatural movement, clumsy controls and poor performance cause the ambitious Early Access graduate,  'Verdun' to trip and fall right out of the starting gate.  Short of going back to the developer's lab for a major overhaul, this will definitely not serve as the World War I shooter that we have all been waiting for."
76561198056258775,Not Recommended,242860,8161460,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ZaNuS,no
,Not Recommended,242860,15611659,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,sandy_the_slut,"if you like getting spawn camped. one Shot killed from 1000 yrds away and have random heart attacks then this is your game. Extreamly unforgiving to new players and handles like a car with no gear box. Had such hope for this game thinking it would be  the FPS WW1 shooter i always wanted this comes so close with great ideas for attacking and defending treanches but falls so short with its terrible handling laggy servers and awful ammations for the troops. Takes me right out of the game. And servers don't hold enough players. Feels empty at times, even when the game is full. Wouldn't pay anything more that £5 for this game"
76561198155328857,Not Recommended,242860,12703296,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Samsquanch Witness,"I bought this game knowing that it was still early access and expected a few bugs here and there and some needed graphical smoothing ... that seems reasonable for a 20 dollar price tag and the game is fun and enjoyable in a ww1 setting however with only 2 or maybe 3  maps to play on  and for some reason consistintly being killed while ducking in cover behind dirt hills or in mortar holes and still being sniped by kar-98's through the ground has frustrated me to the point of rage quitting. I dont know if its a glitch or people hacking in the game but in its current state i would'nt buy it, I would wait for a few updates to come out first then get it .... in the mean time theres always H&G(free to play) to keep you busy untill then."
,Not Recommended,242860,13660599,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BaphomeT,"This game has a great premise, but poor execution.There were no triple A WWI FPS games for some time now and it seems that smaller developers are trying to fill this void.LIKESThe chosen setting and time of the game. Interesting ""Find a match"" window - you are not staring at a list of servers but a map.DISLIKESEverything gameplay related. Shooting, walking, crawling - every action feels like the game was created at least 10 years ago and needs a lot of polish or even a game engine switch, it's just not enjoyable.I can't recommend buying this game in the current state, I bought this game because I liked the idea of it and hopefully the developers can turn it into a game everyone is waiting for."
76561198108035079,Not Recommended,242860,28167064,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Admiraljimmy,No one plays the game anymore
76561198008783542,Not Recommended,242860,8179638,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,||M.W|| Malboro,"The game has a very interesting theme . However what I could only watch 2 hours of play ( Yes the game does not let me play more than one game without restarting my computer ) .Pros- Good thematic- Weapons well made ​​and elaborated- Land -laidCons- So much lag-My fps drops to five every time i look to enemy , and star a new game .- Do not add anything innovative to the genre- During the game is a total messyou dont know what to do and the map is very limited-I can not play more than one game without having to restart my computer- The sounds are not all that they propose to do-All bullets are tracer ( weird )- If you are crouch and the enemy starts shooting at you its all over to you .- The game is not in BETA but in PRE - ALPHAThat's what the game made ​​me analyze. I've never regretted buying something on steam but first missed every penny ."
76561198000853010,Not Recommended,242860,14804232,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Moon Doggie,"After racking up some time on this game i can honestly say No stay away from this game has the devs dont listen to the player base, after every update something gets broken and every update is worse than the last one, its almost like the devs are trying to scare away a player base, the Updates and patches also feel far and few inbetween and for a game that was supposed to go full release in febuary its rather failing to keep up to its launch date quoted by not just the store but also a dev to be full access in feb,in Closing STAY AWAYReview Revised the game also still suffers from bugs that have been in it since early access such has the failing to join a game with your squad bug that the devs have never bothered to fix nor will. in closing the devs dont bother with bugs that have been plauging the game since early access they just dont care"
,Recommended,242860,25842047,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,⭐Bumbosas 💲ZAIDIMAI PIGIAU,Great World War 1 Game
,Not Recommended,242860,11528596,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Adams,"This game badly needs VAC or some kind of other anti-cheat system. It's quite common to meet someone unkillable or being shoot in the head by someone who you don't even see. Not to menton you can be killed even if you take cover. Pure ""magic"". In the current state I cannot recommend this game. Also rifles should reload much slower if we want something realistic."
76561198123968870,Not Recommended,242860,16541990,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Coreyinthehouse69,aids
76561198049172184,Not Recommended,242860,11675119,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,arctuos,glad i bought this when it was on special offer rubbish
,Not Recommended,242860,12942860,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,CRUSADER,"I'd wait for awhile before purchasing. A very rage inducing experience that relies on luck to be able to hit anything because they've made it so you're character is shaking the gun around ALL the time and no matter what class or specialisation you achieve it won't change that. In several cases an enemy could be running straight for you and you won't hit him once for no apparent reason, no matter hold long you take or if you hold your breath, the bigger chance is he will kill you before you can and if there is some secret ability to make your character hold the rifle straight, I can not find it. Standing still, crouching or holding your breath seems to make no difference to the accuracy of your shots and it seems more like additions to make the game feel...fuller. I'd hope for a WW1 Era game with atleast the sensibility to allow you to shoot straight but alas you won't find that here. Though its in Early Access all I can do it hope they take the ridiculous ""constantly moving gun barrel"" system out."
,Not Recommended,242860,13642138,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The German Duck,This Game is fun but for the price right now it is not worth it the servers keep crashing. Hopfully in the future it will get better.
76561198012004481,Not Recommended,242860,15672138,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Leo6869,Spawn 10 seconds die. spawn 10 seconds die and on and on and on. cant see the fun in playing this game
76561197973585200,Not Recommended,242860,16474019,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Niff-Tea,"first 30mins of playing = good idea for a game however i was expecting something a little better,  the gameplay got tedious very quickly , graphics not up to much ,  control of avatar not that fluid , sounds are a little lame also, wished i'd not bothered even at 50% off in steam sale.has the feel of a shooter game engine that is 8 or 9 years oldnice idea but failed to deliveredit1played 2 hours now = i really wanted and tried to like this game, but its  borderline boring ,"
,Not Recommended,242860,24005086,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,AMERI-FREEDOM!,"I think that if you tore my eyes from their sockets I would be able to play this game better than I did (aka you cannot see half of the enemies at all). Please clap.And oh boy, that isn't even scraping the surface on all of the problems this game has (teleporting players due to lag, bad hitboxes, super ♥♥♥♥ing hard to get into, limited weapons, no tutorials or helpful tips in game, etc...)"
76561198045067300,Not Recommended,242860,11459204,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Yakob E Schamwow,It has awful physics and caters far too much to people who are good at quick-scoping
76561198200857937,Not Recommended,242860,23234197,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Malgus,"Spawn in a trench that zig-zags all over creation.  You took the only slot open in a squad, so you get a pistol.Confused, you just follow everyone else.  You want to get your bearings - see what you're in for.  So, you poke your head up to take a look - and get mowed down.The attack order comes.  You jump out of your trench and take three steps... and get mowed down.16 seconds later, you spawn in a trench.. but whose trench?  You take a look around... and get mowed down.Another 16 seconds later, you respawn in some trench... you see someone who isn't wearing your uniform, so you start shooting him.  As you empty your pitifully under-powered pistol into this guy, you realize he's on your side.  You've been shooting the wrong guy.Follow your squad through a maze of shell craters and barbed wire.... this time, you get halfway to the spot that says ""attack"" before you get mowed down.16 seconds later, you respawn back where you started.  You run and hop around like a lunatic to keep from getting mowed down by some level 30 guy camping with a sniper rifle.  You make it to a shell crater and grab some cover... you poke your head up... and get mowed down.16 seconds later, you respawn back where you started... you start to attack again before the order comes to ""defend"" - you have about 10 seconds to get back to where you started, but everything looks the same.  You get about 10 steps before time runs out.  Mowed down - shot for 'desertion'...16 seconds later, you respawn.  Screw this attack mess.. I'm going to find some sandbags and get behind them.  Maybe I can take some shots at players dumb enough to actually run out there.  You find a loophole to shoot through... looks good.  You poke your rifle out... and get mowed down by Level 30 Camping Guy and his sniper rifle.16 seconds later, you respawn just in time to find out you lost the battle...Next battle, you spawn in some dark hole.  You can't see anything.  At all.You see light coming through a doorway.  It's the only thing you can see, so you move towards it.  You step through the door and take a second to get your bearings... and get mowed down.16 seconds later, you're back in the same dark hole.  You move to the doorway again.  And get mowed down by the guy who mowed you down before - he's in the dark hole with you.16 seconds later, you spawn in the dark hole, but somewhere else - it's a hallway.  You can just make out some details.  You move down the hallway... and get mowed down...16 seconds later, you spawn back in the hallway in the dark hole.  You go prone immediately.  Can't see anything at all, so you start crawling forward - and the guy who mowed you down last time mows you down again.  He was waiting for you behind some debris.16 seconds later....And this repeats over and over and over and over... it's frustrating as h*ll for a new player.  There IS NO LEARNING CURVE.  You just spawn and die, over and over.  Until you get enough resources amassed to get one of those sniper rifles.... then you vow to hang in the back and camp, waiting for new players to spawn every 16 seconds so you can mow them down...Feh..."
76561198019527896,Not Recommended,242860,11971888,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Edwardio,"Would be a good game, if the developers took some inspiration from Red Orchestra and got off their lazy arses and actually stopped the 80% of the game owners from having hacked the game. Also some actual animations would be handy instead of watching a manikins hand skitz across my screen everytime i reload."
,Not Recommended,242860,25306481,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Enviro,"Seems like a pretty nice game.But it's just really dead.I've already refunded this game as the only game was with 2 people on a co-op defense thing.Not worth the buy really, but it looks like it would have been fun when it was alive."
,Recommended,242860,23595951,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MarsOz,"This game kept bugging me to review but since this is the last time I'll be playing, that's fine with me.On June 20th, 2016 at roughly 3am I will hijack a QANTAS plane departing Perth Airport for Bali, Indonesia. I will smuggle in a 3D printed pistol I had disassembled, placed in a bag and had swallowed earlier to prevent detection. Roughly 20 minutes into takeoff I will enter the in-flight bathroom, produce the bag from my stomach, assemble it, and exit the bathroom. I will then enter the cockpit and place the pistol against the head of the pilot. If the pilots are uncooperative or any person attempts to disarm me, I will shoot the pilots and attempt to take control of the plane myself, if this is impossible I will quickly pull down on the joystick, plunging everyone onboard to their deaths. However, if the pilots do cooperate, or I am able to take control of the plane, we will fly directly to a predetermined secret location in the Philippines where my group will take all remaining passengers hostage. After this a video of demands will be posted onto Facebook, Youtube, Vimeo and Dailymotion through multiple accounts. If our demands are not met within 48 hours, 10 passengers will be executed and a video of their executions posted onlines. Every hour after this will result in another 10 passengers being executed until the demands are met.The game suffers from stuttering issues and a few minor bugs but aside from that, it's quite fun."
76561197965989226,Not Recommended,242860,29066792,Posted: 6 January,all,Ch3wIe_69,not worth more than 5$
,Not Recommended,242860,16878165,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Dogma,Head Glitching Sim 2015.
76561198110382331,Not Recommended,242860,12018882,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Beans,this game USED to be fun...now the cod players have come.dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198037564728,Not Recommended,242860,13628550,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Vanguard (Onyx),Game has headbug in trench warfare. It's more like extreme haircut warfare.
76561198075193518,Not Recommended,242860,14657445,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Walking Talking Stephen Hawking,"This game is good! Or at least that's what I said 6 monthes ago.it's still in beta, but every update the devs have put in, in the last monthes have ruined this game.It used to be good, but not anymore.I can't recommend this anymore"
,Recommended,242860,9313173,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Portal Master,Nice WW2 Shooter
76561198113370526,Not Recommended,242860,28301322,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Father_Dizeer,HAcks Aimbots  every where gotta love the BS that takes place in games today .  if you don't have a Aimbot just go on in and get headshot ten times in a row by the same person. You will love it !
,Recommended,242860,15598736,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,[RoYaL] Khaled,i played it for a couple hours and i enjoyed it reallyawesome game.
,Not Recommended,242860,27562856,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Salmonman,"I thought this game was supposed to be a fun, cooperative experience, but upon purchasing it, I find that not only do the social features not work at all, but the actual main focus of the game is little more than the same old deathmatch junk from every other WW1 and WW2 FPS game. The coop is the last game mode on the list.Beyond that, the controls are terrible, the movement is sickening, and the character animations, honestly, are the worst I have ever seen in any game ever."
76561198136342363,Not Recommended,242860,32032634,Posted: 28 May,all,Zappy boi main,"Dont buy this game if you're on West Coast you will have a constant 100 ping, on NA servers."
76561198026911318,Not Recommended,242860,28412488,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,heng06,"Decent gameplay, but it bugs me to no end that someone standing up in the middle of no mans land in full view will sometimes not get mowed down by my MG or rifle even though I have my sights centered on his body and i've shot at him more than once and the game lags constantly too."
76561197962074003,Not Recommended,242860,24924194,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Fadden,"Not a very good game, just spawn, not sure where to go, what's going on or even who's on your team, poke your head out and get oneshot, then you're waiting 30 seconds for a respawn. I don't even know if the maps change or not, every time I play it always looks the same, just a few hours of that and i'm pretty done...just a shame I played over the limit of 2 hours to give this game a chance and instead lost my own chance at a refund."
76561198126589501,Not Recommended,242860,26699118,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lieutenant Erik,"VerdunThis game has a lot of prosBUTthe cons are really, really awfulpros:realistic (of course), shows the horror very well, tons of weapons, lots of whistles, NCO bonuses, artillery, sometimes its melee combat is wierd (i mean like bayonets trench clubs...),melee weapons useless (you can get a kill if enemy thinks you are friendly)you see, a lot of pros...cons:NO trench customization (you cant get the dirt or sanbags out of way when you are aiming from trench, graphics are not anything immpresive, NO TANKS (you can see on many maps wrecked tanks but you cant drive anything), CANT MAKE TRENCHESSo, if you made it here, congrats you have strong nerves....SUMMARY:Best realistic ww1 shooter to this date but it has it cons. If the cons i wrote up there were in the game, i would reccomend it. NOT WORTH 22euros."
76561198020275034,Not Recommended,242860,15613665,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Necromancer,"Not worth the money, in my opinion..feels like a game from the late 90'."
,Not Recommended,242860,22279160,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,BRT Cobra,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198161175271,Not Recommended,242860,27909475,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mio,"Well, first of all it could be a good game, but I couldn't find any people in the server!!!"
76561198062013177,Not Recommended,242860,15806715,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,citizen2xb,"This game (if you can call it that) is an unbalanced, lagging..stalling, boring mess.Don't waste your money like I did.I thought I'd try this game after logging to many hours in ""Hero's and Generals"".H&G is ten times better.Very unpolished. Most of the game's graphics starting with the main menu is very glichy.The animation is very rough, and, or their networking code sucks.You can be fighting head to head with someone fighting and all you see is a few rough frames of animation, and then it looks like they are pointing up in the air and still hitting you.It's like the entire game has four frames of keyfamed animation total.A very low quality production.The balance is horrible. Apparently when you level up you get a big edge because you'll see people with 50/1 kill to death ratio, etc., all the time.  You pretty much just start out this game in the same round where people can snipe you half way accross the map and other nonsense.  But then I've seen level 18 players do this too so maybe this game has aimbots.I've tried all the classes, they are very glichey and nothing unique about them.The only positive thing I could say about it is the trench figthing thing."
,Not Recommended,242860,11452976,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Bloody,"as of the last time i played this game  it was a mess. a total disappointment.this game is too deep in its own mess to ever  be finished.Every single texture  and animation and effect in the game needs to be redone to even be on par with any game from the last 5 years.the gameplay was  stiff and lacking in  everything that would make a fps good.  poor hit detection,  poor clipping, i could go on and on, but basically this fish is dead in the water.it looks and feels like the first medal of honor game, and trust me, it hasnet held up  well over time.***UPDATE:i came back  to the game  for a couple matches, the dev reponded to the negative review and said he had "" redone alot of the stuff i mentioned""i didnt see anything redone.maybe new  models/textures on the guns? i dunno.second round  started and finished with EVERYONE on both teams being constantly spawned out of combat  zone, or in to piles of barbed wire. check my screenshots.this game is  STILL a total mess.i also want to  point out that the  in game audio gives you ZERO  awarenes.you can walk right up to an enemy- 90 degrees from his center, prance around RIGHT in his face juggling your gun around, and he wont even know youre there."
76561198080218803,Recommended,242860,32071243,Posted: 30 May,all,Crane,hi
,Not Recommended,242860,33029123,Posted: 30 June,all,Not Wilson,"Very boring gameplay. The style is cool, and it's ""realistic"". But it's just one team sits in a spot and snipes the other team, until someone sneaks in and kills everyone. Then the sides just switch. Being on attack is just terrible, espically if you're the squad commander, because you have to run at a bunch of snipers and MGs with just a pistol."
76561198249693630,Not Recommended,242860,33311296,Posted: 6 July,all,Eson1131,"Artillary strike is a XXXX ,peoples jumping like XXXX .every force has 3 fire teams ,Is that squad vs squad ? 12 vs 12 is too cute ,can M2H bring more players in ? No armor no tank to drive ,the Airplane scanning the field like a UAV ,Mortar strike coming too fast ,And officers can call the shot without any communication tools ,even a flare gun.so if u wanna simulate WW1 ,Don't try this..."
,Recommended,242860,15615680,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,n0rm_,This.Game.Is.Awesome.GET IT
,Not Recommended,242860,19018311,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,flarg,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,242860,28492257,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,sovim,"Great game, too bad I can't experience more than 24fps, but you know I love me that ""cinematic"" experience. Don't bother buying this game until they can fix ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps."
,Not Recommended,242860,30781984,Posted: 27 March,all,Soviet Union,"Verdun is a really cool game, it looks cool and plays cool. But it lacks a lot of FPS ""things"" that are needed. For example, has anyone else shot someone like you know you hit him but he doesn't die and then he just shoots you, from point blank range. And i'm not sure if I didn' hit him or I didn't do any damage to him but surely he should of died. If thats not good enough for you well I got a few more reasons. A game like this for $25? It's not worth it, maybe it's a fair deal but not a good enough deal for me. Also, the gun mechanics is lacking a little. People who want a short fun easy game DON'T BUY THIS, this isn't some call of duty match if your playing the frontline game mode, sit down and get ready to play a long game of chess because thats how it is. But if all of these reasons doesn't change your mind of buying this game, go for it. People that like games that last pretty long this is your game. Just be prepared to get shot point blank range in a trench."
76561198307707740,Not Recommended,242860,23968659,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SilverPgmGamer,I played the game in Ultra setting but ist not at all the same graphics than in the pictures shown in the page.
,Not Recommended,242860,25539202,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Loony Moonie,Maybe this game won't suck in the future.Maybe.
,Not Recommended,242860,15665413,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MR.D,this game wha to tare out your hair i can't say how manay thing are worng with this game i sway save your money and ever buy this game it bad it so bad it make other ww1 games a joke
,Not Recommended,242860,24787002,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,BladeStorm Trading,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242860,7817511,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[OG12e] Schweinehund42,Much WWI. Many shoot kill bang. Such gaem. Wow must haev.
76561198099883402,Not Recommended,242860,15629461,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Scirus,"Boring Boring Boring, this is a ww1 simulator.  Meaning that all you do is charge a trench, probably die while doing so, then your mates capture it.  You hold the line for a short period of time and then go after the next trench.  It is so incredibly repetitive.  I like historical games but this one is painfully slow and boring.  Would rather watch paint dry 2/10."
76561197970525328,Not Recommended,242860,14928989,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,DragonKP,Poor man's version of Red Orchestra2/Rising Storm.  Aim botters galore along with a hitchy engine. Save your money.
76561197979905817,Not Recommended,242860,19208369,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,sgt_ownage,"framerate is unplayable. COD1 era graphics with framerate drops, even with everything on low. I can play most games on ultra / high settings, can't even play this on low. Give it a miss."
76561197997964805,Not Recommended,242860,12379119,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,MrLizardFace,"I have returned to this game after six months to find no improvement in quality. The connection issues are still present, the problems with players camping in glitched locations in non-objective modes have not been resolved.This game originally showed great promise especially given the subject matter, but it has stalled at a low level of quality and does not seem to have attracted a mature playerbase."
,Not Recommended,242860,21165294,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,bobross420,Got it cause a friend told me too. Spawned in. Got sniped when i got one gun. He told me it was just that match/ my class. Join another squad. spawn in. instantly get sniped. ♥♥♥♥♥ slap that mofo friend and return the game. 1/10 would not slap again
76561198327021677,Not Recommended,242860,25799661,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Booganook Shrimps,"Imagine a puzzle game where you had to figure out how to navigate the menus in a game to get in a match, then add difficulty by trying to play together with a friend. If this was the actual game then I would recommend it. But its not."
,Not Recommended,242860,26212657,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,barry,I spend the whole time asking myself how did i die. I have no idea what is going on while i get shot from half way across the map while we all rush their trench and get mown down
76561198025321394,Not Recommended,242860,26219805,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,TECHNO_MAGE,I was not impressed by this game. Here is a list of issues I had with this game.1.A lack of tutorial.2.It boasts a large number of weapons. But you must unlock them by leveling up and you are at a major disadvantage to older players.3.It boasts very large maps. But you can oly traverse them a little at a time to avoid being exucuted for dissertion so no flanking just charge head on every time.4.automaticly picking your team when you join a match.5.general clunkyness.This may be a good game for some but it was simply not for me.
,Not Recommended,242860,30809023,Posted: 29 March,all,Captain Yuri Yershev,"only crashed, refunded it."
,Recommended,242860,8201166,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Defender of Khartoum,"DONT be put off by early access!!! Already it shows signs of being really good and it can only get better!!! Dont worry about no one online there are loads of servers and with good squad teamplay. I got it in the steam sale as a bit of fun and thats what it is. It is different from WW2 or modern fps as the game has been designed to make you feel like your in WW1, now thats not just the maps or guns. Its the fact that your always wary of popping your head over the trench or running around in no mans land as you could be shot any second! Don't expect huge kill streaks but it is easy to follow on from any other fps. Its so cheap its worth it just for a bit of fun!"
,Not Recommended,242860,18967195,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,GravyFalcon,"This game is fun, but fairly buggy. From in-game mechanics gliches to random crashes this game just isn't finished. Also the anticheat system is completely broken, anybody can just download any old modified file and boom click and kill.  Unfortunately like a lot games recently, the developers decided to release the ""finished"" version too soon. I bought this game while it was on sale and that's really the only way I would suggest purchasing it. I'm bummed because with a little more effort and polishing this game could really be something, it is quite unique and I thoroughly enjoy the wave and scoring systems used."
76561198097332896,Not Recommended,242860,33465129,Posted: 11 July,all,It's_YABOW_i_Yoda,If you like getting shot through walls and having poeple not die from two rifle shots then this game is for you!
76561198019995259,Recommended,242860,7918824,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Masterchief461 <ᛏ>,BUY IT NAOW!!!
,Not Recommended,242860,11456732,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ibrooo,I've played this game for less than an hour and i've already seen all the content. The gunplay is very poor and COD like considering you can only use one gun until you reach level 70. The movement is very clunky and the maps are not very well thought out either. There is very little to no realisim in this game besides the fact that the maps were based off of actual battlefields- which doesn't make for good gameplay anyways. The abilitys could have been cool if there was any way to encourage people toplay as a team and not run around being complete apes.TL;DR:3/10- No Hitler character
76561198029423877,Not Recommended,242860,28505076,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,kpmh2001,"a valient attempt to capture the horror of world war 1, but the game is basically operation metro but everything one shots. and you will die, and die, and die."
76561198272665159,Not Recommended,242860,25731478,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,z e r o,"So anti-climatic, dont get unless you like terrible servers and getting killed in barbwire.0/10 :("
76561198337761232,Not Recommended,242860,26078443,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,dannywang10,"When I first played it on Beta, it was really fun because there was a lot of players. Now there were 0 players while I was playing."
76561198132929978,Not Recommended,242860,29212473,Posted: 12 January,all,lil broomstick,worst hitboxes ever
76561198154373331,Not Recommended,242860,32106969,Posted: 1 June,all,TheBarbaricKnight,"Pros:Looks Pretty GoodGood Historical Segments That Inform You On Maps And Battles PresentedWell ResearchedDecent Loading TimesCons:Weapons Feel Terrible To Uses With Unrealistic Weapon Sway At Least For A SoldierUngodly Reload TimesBoring Map DesignBoring Restrictive GamemodesZERO Weapon ChoiceAverage Sound DesignHorrid Class SystemBoring CombatIn Conclusion Dont Waste Your Money On This Bargin Bin Title That Is Desperately Trying To Be Battlefield 1. Save Your Money For A Better Title With More Weight Behind Its Name Like BF1 or Red Rising 2 If You Are Looking For A Military Shooter With Something Good To Offer Because This Game Has Nothing To Offer But Boring Gameplay, Poor Design, ♥♥♥♥ All Customisation, And a Terrible Class System.DO NOT BUY"
76561198085082569,Not Recommended,242860,35077163,Posted: 19 September,all,slayerjimmy,"gets really boring after a while, and it doesnt give me the chaos that i was expecting from a ww1 game"
76561198010791222,Not Recommended,242860,13625463,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Eyewashere,Video review of Verdunhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksuLigcRofQ&list=UUMLlqy1ogXNBM9-d6vsOn4Q
76561197982034457,Recommended,242860,22038867,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TwitcherUS,Best Call of Duty Simulator
76561197995230414,Not Recommended,242860,14552066,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,mcleod24,Plays like a bad 90s game.  Look elswhere.
76561197979698890,Not Recommended,242860,13609144,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,manutd055,Good game. Very poor framerate.
,Recommended,242860,22851984,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,RedCon1,Battlefield 1: The beta
,Not Recommended,242860,20281984,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Strinder,Take a step forward... dead.Take a step forward... dead.Spawn in gas... dead.Take a step forward... dead.Take two steps forward!... dead.Take a step forward... dead.Take a step forward... dead.Take a step forward... dead.Welcome to camping simulator (granted its trench warfare so not sure what I expected).
76561198000545399,Not Recommended,242860,14935452,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,old snake,The notice at the start of the game says it all.
76561198164596757,Not Recommended,242860,14334135,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TangoFoxtrot,"Glitchy graphics, horrible animation, shotty gameplay and matching... I really want a refund... DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Not Recommended,242860,26255244,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MJP,"Bite Size Review - VerdunThe Good:+Tons of Authentic Weaponry+Tons of Authentic Troop/Team types to play as+Combat is focused and easy to understand+You can make progress by doing other things than killingThe Bad:-1 hit kills make it hard to learn what you did wrong, when you die there is very little information given as to why, where or how you screwed up making it really comfusing to new players-No kill cam makes it hard to learn what your enemy is doing that is making him better than you-Weapon aiming and movement of your character is very stiff and awkard feeling-The classes can take a while to get used to-Classes are locked to one per person-Small community sometimes makes it hard to join a game and get the class you wantThe Verdict:I would love to give this game a positive review. I wanted to like it and for it to become my next Day of Defeat to play every day and enjoy with friends. The truth is though, this game is really stiff feeling and it has a very high learning curve that is not made any easier by the game - all of the mechanics of the game go against helping new players learn how to play and how to excel. When you die you have no idea where the enemy was or how you could have prevented it. This game has an upward slope when it comes to learning that I do not feel like climbing because on top of it being hard to learn, the stiff gun mechanics and movement make for a less the enjoyable experience in my opinion."
76561198034915918,Not Recommended,242860,15607950,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,johnstda,"Either I'm no good, my opponents are too good, or the game's too hard. Either way, it's a bit beyond my skill level to get any sort of enjoyment out of. I should have tried before i bought, but this option wasn't available. And the mandatory retreating back to your own trenches after being on the offense becomes very annoying after a while. I know it's an historical feature, but it's still annoying."
76561198044022476,Not Recommended,242860,22443757,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,No one plays it. DO NOT BUY!!!
76561198020767811,Not Recommended,242860,15586031,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Enigma4,has potential but not very good at the moment. Very un-even teams and not very noob friendly. Gets a bit boring after dying 12 times in a row without even seeing the enemy.
76561198059978199,Not Recommended,242860,18937368,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,AlTeR,"absolute crap, constantly killed."
76561198082724116,Recommended,242860,11785561,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Kommandant Duncan,Great game good frames I love the trench warfare in it. Though I understand this is based in Europe I would love to see the Ottomans since the Centeral powers need some more groups. This game was excellently done and though the aiming may be next to impossible some times. *COUGH COUGH GEWEHR 98* I love playing as the Germans but I can't use that gun but I would love larger maps with tanks and air planes since the whole aviation of the first world war was definently something to play.
,Not Recommended,242860,32651884,Posted: 22 June,all,williamjr88,"I have put a lot of effort in trying to enjoy this game. Have purchased this game for friends. Played on larger servers. Played on different game modes. Nothing makes it overly enjoyable and I get bored very quickly or just simply irate.If Battlefield 1 isn't an option, yes, I recommend grinding to try enjoying this game/getting adjusted to it. Otherwise? No. I do not recommend this game. Put simply, better games exist. I commend the developers for putting together the first FPS related to WWI in a historically accurate fashion but that does change my attitude towards the product.5/10. It's not a terrible game it's just not good."
76561197990272171,Not Recommended,242860,15607829,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Zero5_Kev,PLEASE READ EVERYTHING.     ....WARNINGS......    AT THE BOTTOM........ok so i have played the game. first i did rifle game mode.its campers hiding in trenches. and they spawn trap you. you spawn you die.  only way you get out is if the enemy is reloading. but if there is more then 1 there you stand no chance. all the spawns are in the same place.so that respawning need work.first time playing it i was 3rd place.other game mode and the last aswell.well it was fun pushing back the enemy. first time on it i did ok i have a pics aswell..........................................................................................................but my only worry about this game is when i quit the game.WARNING./ IT LOADED UP A PAGE SAYING ITS A STEAM PAGE AND WAS ASKING ME TO LOG IN............I KNOW I AM LOGED IN SO MY BEST BET IS........      IF YOU WANT YOUR STEAM ACCOUNT HACK SIGN IN TO IT.   IF NOT CLOSE THE WEB PAGE.    REMEMBER YOU ARE ON STEAM SO YOU ARE SIGNED IN. DONT BE FOOLED.SO HOW DO I GO ABOUT REPORTING THIS TO STEAM SO THEY CAN HAVE A LOOK AT IT. ????..........................................................................................recomend this game. not at the min. inless you like to camp. i mean camp and dont move the entire time or you will die. from players that are facing the other way some times. (yeah messed up i know.) players in game say they dont like it.  well some will like it some wont. but its £16 and less. at the min....how ever. i found a game no problems. but there is only 100 players hahaha.
,Recommended,242860,16603454,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,✪ Broker☭,buy that game you rebel scum
76561198048793937,Not Recommended,242860,16889396,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,[TGB] Frenzal,"Your movement is harshly restricted, a few meters off the path and you are executed...you could be about to over run an enemy position with your team mates but are suddenly forced to retreat across the map or executed... of course retreating means you get shot in the backFrustrating game because of this strict control over where you are allowed to walk"
,Not Recommended,242860,15843485,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Rotten Ribbs,"At worst:Gratuitous lag spikes and frame hitches will make it so you are one-hit-killed even after dodging shots, barbed wire, artillery shells, and toxic smoke.At best:It's just as miserable as World War I."
,Not Recommended,242860,19218743,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Orange,Um... no..
,Not Recommended,242860,25731568,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Snow,"Extreamly difficult game to play, there basicly is nobody playing it. The handful of players that do play on pve servers against bots, the few that do deathmatch or team deathmatch are in servers with like 2v2 on large trench warfare style maps. Everyone camps and waits for a head to pop up. Every game i played I was top of the team, the game was better when it was in develpment then it is now.The graphics are decent, the shooting is alright but every player i encountered told me to quit and go play call of duty, I think they prefer playing against♥♥♥♥♥♥ai players with no skillThe guns need to be leveled up and unlocked and playing against just a few oponents the one guy who decideds to make this game is life has a clear advantage.It was fun running threw trentchs avoiding barb wire destroying whoever plays this game but its hard to put in any game time as there is just nobody playing it.This game is one of the biggest disapointments1/10 the 1 is for the good looking world war 1 style combat that fails"
,Not Recommended,242860,24228584,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dewberry Cretin,"At first glance verdun looks like an incredible historical FPS, but after you start playing you realize something ""man this game is REALLY buggy"" these bugs such as not being able to select a weapon in combat, or steam still says Verdun is running an hour after you closed it. Another complaint is the fighting mechanics, and I know this is supposed to be an accurate WWI simulation, but trying to shoot a guy in differents shades of gray while its foggy is one of the simpler feats that you have to achieve in this game."
,Not Recommended,242860,25432823,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Hexulez,This game is not for me... game mechanic need more polishing ;) asked refund
,Recommended,242860,23076011,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,maRcos,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥if your looking for a ww1 game or waiting for bf1
76561198036180877,Not Recommended,242860,25955792,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Metalblade2016,The game is overrun by hackers it is not skill like some well claim if you dont believe me listin to the good reviewa like i did then find out for yourself if you want a good realistic game get red orchestra
76561198112473353,Not Recommended,242860,28192335,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Meatloaf,"I can't say I enjoy this game. I'll just give the pros and consPros:Unique Idea for a game.Historically accurate guns and uniforms.Little to no lag.Cons:Ugly Graphics (bleak enviroments, poor meshes)Questionable collision detection.Impossible to see what's in front of you from a long distance.Maps feel the same.It's a not a bad game, I just don't think its very good. It's definately overhyped. I feel like people like the idea behind this game more than they like this game. There's really 2 demographics who will enjoy this game: those who like tactical stealth shooters, and WWI history buffs. Anyone else I feel is left out to dry. The reviews for this game do baffle me. Some people write reviews saying that ANYONE can into this game and that the game's graphics are amazing. I can't say I agree.4/10 Not bad, but I'd be lying if I said I like it."
76561198047618401,Not Recommended,242860,25582300,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Chamber of Memes (ken),"Suckish game, lol barely any players."
76561198064422630,Not Recommended,242860,22211623,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,GAS GAS GAS,"its like battlefield. but slower. and more boring. screw it, its not battlefield."
76561198307749424,Not Recommended,242860,23588715,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,scott.burrows,This game is crap. If there is no one around then it is not worth playing. This is not a first person shooter game with a story line. You have to play with other people or rely on other people to be around. If there is just the two of you then it gets boring very quickly.
76561198295777836,Not Recommended,242860,24118625,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Stupidest Noob,too underpopulated
,Not Recommended,242860,25271478,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,donny14612,game is so hoakie.  i literally hate this gaame and i mostly play fps.  if id have knew that i could have gotten my money back.  id have retured it in the first hour!
76561198036989868,Recommended,242860,22819684,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Onezero99(new phone need ur #),"This game asked for this review so here we go. A laughably poor recreatement of a WW1 battles, more reminds me of reinactments by older white men in europe."
,Not Recommended,242860,17029707,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Chote,"u need the correct graphics card. i learned this the hard way, and wasted 23 bucks:(very disapointed"
76561198004598931,Not Recommended,242860,23902189,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mag Verslappen,"Great concept. Worst workout ever. Remember netcoding problems in BF and CoD? Welcome to Verdun, where pings are below 50, people standing still, and you still can't hit them even though you are aiming them a 100%, not once, not twice, but half a clip in a row....The main reason I stopped playing CoD and BF are these problems..."
76561198031724184,Not Recommended,242860,15737593,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,rigamortis,Not!
,Not Recommended,242860,13505104,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Super Mario,"The film begins with a feather falling to the feet of Forrest Gump who is sitting at a bus stop in Savannah, Georgia. Forrest picks up the feather and puts it in the book Curious George, then tells the story of his life to a woman seated next to him"
76561197981087403,Not Recommended,242860,33661320,Posted: 19 July,all,SushiSamurai,"It's kinda boring after the first 30 mins, but i usually play fast paced shooters like overwatch."
76561198083233852,Not Recommended,242860,11453833,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Extr@ 🔰 Monster,not worth it
76561198329682270,Not Recommended,242860,29927161,Posted: 14 February,all,nihalmeister,♥♥♥♥all
,Not Recommended,242860,12941743,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,grizzle,"I would say this game is 'aight' but that would be a lie, frankly i thought it would resemble something like Risingsun upon initial impression but frankly this game falls short just about everywhere you look. The graphics themselves are good, but its little things like repetitive maps and making faction uniforms look too similar. The class lvl system is bull and you wont unlock anything(i.e. new mods like sights n bayonets) until hundreds of hours later. The hit detection is also a little wonky at time. I like the ability to call in air support or gas attacks but frankly the whole bit of it lacks creativity and screams to gamers the Dev's inability to think of original contect.While all these things act as a nuisance the biggest thing keeping me from enjoying this game is matchmaking which is honestly the factor making this game ""worst-peice-of♥♥♥♥♥♥thats-made-it-to-beta"" ive seen in a while. When ther is less than 100 people in matchmaking between the world you know theres a ♥♥♥♥ing problem. The biggest remedy to this would be making a better game and charging less for it. And is that what the devs did? nope the decide to continue there sluggish road to polishing this turd and its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics instead of revamping it, and increase the price on the same game i bought a year ago.Please save your money, this games poop... and if a dev reads this stop and get to work for god's sakes."
,Recommended,242860,15520429,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Nr.9 Ghostpig,"Es ist ein großartiges Spiel und für alle ww1 Fanboys Ich schlage vor, 8.8 - ign"
,Not Recommended,242860,28727611,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Haramboi,Don't even think about buying it if you don't have the recommended gear (or better)! It runs poorly on a Core I7 system with a 2GB Nvidia card and it has many bugs which are making it not fun to play.
76561198086533322,Not Recommended,242860,22302891,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ping Crosby,This was good until easter... now the textures don't show(http://imgur.com/a/76tQE)and no one cares about it or is trying to fix it. The game now looks like this and not just for me. Last time I buy a game from this company.
,Recommended,242860,8054103,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Jamie ♛,Sweet trench warfare!
76561198048880246,Recommended,242860,8071716,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Mark Slater,its fun and original ♥♥♥♥en buy it
76561197985132314,Recommended,242860,8068802,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Napalm,"First ww1 era FPS games, I love it!!! Buy it!!"
,Recommended,242860,32992107,Posted: 29 June,all,Hasimy,"Für das Reich!Für den kaiser!Gott mit uns!11/10(ps. please optimize the game, it's badly optimized, but still it's a good game)btw, *click*, NOICE"
,Not Recommended,242860,34410443,Posted: 22 August,all,SultanFatih,"Easily the worst FPS game I've ever played. The main reason for it being, the devs do not know if they want to make it a realistic or arcade game.Imagine some of the most frustrating aspects of a realistic shooter such as Red Orchestra and some of the worse aspects of a arcade shooter such as Call of Duty. And you get this game.Its ""realistic"" aspect makes it so that SOME guns can kill you with one shot, its arcade aspect makes it so that you cannot get out of the way of these shots and are killed. Its ""realistic"" aspect makes it so that you can choose a few loadouts, its arcade aspect makes it so that the guns you have in your position are not the standard soldier's rifle and bayonet but rather anything from a sub machine gun that a lot of people want nerfed because what are weapons that there were 300 copies of made three months before the war ended doing in this game? All the way to a shovel. That's it. Its ""realistic"" aspect makes it so that you easily die. Its arcade aspect makes it so that you get shot anywhere not in the head with a pistol and then walk off a half meter drop and die.The game is not sure what it wants to be. And for that reason it sucks. Play a free game such as Fistful of Frags, play CS:GO if you like arcade shooters, and play Red Orchestra 2 if you like realistic shooters. But do not play this game.The developers idea of improving their game is adding more content. Meaning, you have 200 weapons to choose from, but not in the main gameplay type, where you only have around 50 weapons to choose from, but first you have to be on the right side, then the right squad so your team mates will want to switch to that squad as well, then the right position, so someone has to want to switch places with you, and only then if you know which position has got the weapon you want that is, can you have the weapon you want which was either not used in WW1 at all but just a prototype was made, or it is something such as a shovel or a stick with nails in it.So do not expect this game to be developed at all. The developers are too busy making an identical clone with reskining about the Eastern Front so they can get more cash anyway to pay any attention to this game."
,Not Recommended,242860,14769724,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,wumpshire,"No longer plays smoothly on my system after the ""engine upgrade."" Still looks the same, ametuer programmers. It will likely always be in beta, I'm guessing it didn't sell well. Oh, well. It really wasn't breaking new ground, just a limited version of a FPS war game. Unless you are obsessed with WWI trench warefare (maybe 3 people left in the world are), I'd not bother."
,Not Recommended,242860,26085615,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,|FA| Arcapse,Feels sluggish and cluncky nor is it as immersive as it's made out to be.
,Not Recommended,242860,16618653,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,AcerTitanium,All the guns Even pistol ♥♥♥♥ing One tap you. Also You put your barrel on his back And it misses.
76561198202738874,Not Recommended,242860,16633469,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TRUE CANADIAN,I have a bad ping and i buy this game expecting i can play this game and have fun but it ♥♥♥♥ing kicks me each time i join a game so dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy the game its ♥♥♥♥ing stupid
,Recommended,242860,22542255,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,XxLegend4LifexX,very fun game. just like how world war 1 was it feels so real
,Recommended,242860,8162124,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CUTLAZ,This game is HORRIBLE
76561198090936308,Recommended,242860,8181249,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ⒻⓊⒸⓀ ⓎⓄⓊ.,great game its a first person shooting game based on a famous ww1 battle it is very realistic not like call of duty WaW
76561198014784525,Not Recommended,242860,30625698,Posted: 19 March,all,tnkbstr,my i7  Samsung series 5 laptop keeps crashing which makes it frustrating to play
76561198210837912,Not Recommended,242860,26450547,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Vairon,Is the game dead? i couldn't find a single player!
,Recommended,242860,8267898,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ketsa,I love reading about the world wars and getting to experience the combat other than movies and books is an exciting thrill.The animations are a little sloppy and needs work and overall is pretty laggy but its a great Eary Access game!
76561198204874760,Not Recommended,242860,15545115,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,stephanie_kievaughan,Well problem number 1 the code monkeys for this game seem uninspired reason number one why i say so. no damage models you get shot your dead. thats it no health no medics in game to heal you. number 2 the auto suicides ok. like charging into a squad of level 100 players trying to avoid getting shot and killed is'nt frustrating enough. the sadistic programmers are Looking to auto suicide you for stepping out of bounds of the map. and now they want to start punishing you with faked insanity in game. which would lead me to think a troop of unruly sadistic teenagers manage the code monkeys. this game fails to gain my reccomendation. I do nawt Like it. minus the rarely attempted if ever before the ww-1 aspect is great. with four types of Gas in game. then theirs the third fact of No tutorials or basic training for each of the troop types. So ))highly not reccomended(( unless you like banging your head against a wall with the timing of a metronome. Could also use more game modes how about a ))no guns mode(( just clubs knives and grenades. there's you an idea Toopid code Monkeys now get on it and fix this Lack luster title to make it great.
76561198041373046,Not Recommended,242860,24742300,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,kennydanny,FUN GAME BUT DEAD DONT BUY IT ALMOST NO SERVERS ONLINE NOT EVEN IN USA
76561198059067181,Not Recommended,242860,32107154,Posted: 1 June,all,rbklnc,"WARNING !!! Dont buy until trying if game works, there are plenty of people who cant start game me included."
,Recommended,242860,28764092,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Freakin' sweet!,BF1 players?
76561198153235621,Not Recommended,242860,21743830,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,IOUANAME,As it stands the maps are so hard to actually find any enemies I get they went for a realistic feel but like if you're new its no fun to get on these maps where the german side has team sniper ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who do nothign but snipe because thats always fair you also get sent up against high level jerks whom have everything unlocked making the matchmaking terrible and seal clubbing for the enemy overall I just can't say I like this game. Unless you have friends to play with this gets very very boring
76561198004428971,Recommended,242860,9013671,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,IrishHellbringer,awesome game !
,Recommended,242860,25220211,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,D3VISTAT0R,"Awesome game, I had a lot of fun. Pow! chuchchick POW!"
,Not Recommended,242860,19992116,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ScytheOfLife,"I do not know what has happened to this game but about 6 months ago I would of told you to go and buy it. I do not see it ever really changing from its current state in any major way due to the engine it is built on but nonetheless it is a good game. Well I should say was a good game. It has always had FPS issues, nothing major although at times it could get pretty bad. Over the last year we have seen updates both improve and destroy the fps along with new weapons, progression, stats and the usual features in a fps game.I reinstalled xmas 2015 to come back and play this time with much better hardware yet I am literally getting 10-20 fps no matter what settings I chose. If I figure out what is causing this I will come back and change this review. This is a pretty major issue to be honest because I play Arma 3 multiplayer like King of the hill at 25-40 fps (high settings). There is no way I can play that but not this! Something is BADLY WRONG HERE!"
,Recommended,242860,18090914,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Hawkeye,This is a very immersion filled game. This games makes you feel like you are in the trenches as eather the centeral powers or the Allied powers. This game has good machanics and awesome Trench combat10/10 plays as germany cause master race
,Not Recommended,242860,15310971,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Erwin Rommel,Really excited to play :3 loads game*  doesn't even load wast of money
,Not Recommended,242860,17139954,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Oli,"Expected this to be a WW1 Red Orchestra...♥♥♥♥♥♥audio, clunky as ♥♥♥♥ controls and nearly every player lags.Uninstall and never to be touched again/10."
,Not Recommended,242860,13613565,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Stichael Mevens,"The concept and mechanics of this game are fantastic but I just hate playing it. and here's why.The game, even on the absolute minimum runs at sub-30fps most of the time on my reasonably high specced PC. I have found the reason why it runs this way: because it is running on the worst engine of all time. The Unity 3D engine. If you are a seasoned PC gamer, you'll know just how terrible the unity engine is. Turning VSync on seems to give the illusion of smoother gameplay, so give that a go until things are fixed. It makes it bareable for now.The game itself isn't exactly what I would call graphically stimulating, even on ultra. There is no excuse for a game like this to run at under 60 frames per second. It is literally just a wasteland with some wholes in the ground, (which, by the way, isn't a complaint) so why does it run like this? I have a one-word reason why. Unity.As far as I can see; the devs have two choices at this point:1. Scrap the game and start from scratch on a different engine. (CryEngine 3 runs better than this wank).or2. Work a bloody optimization miracle and get this game running at 60fps on Unity 3D, because if they manage that then I'll eat my own scrotum."
76561198121437068,Not Recommended,242860,28408776,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,-\/G- 3.1 TATOR_TOT,no one plays
76561197978293611,Not Recommended,242860,26262103,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Panties,"No one plays this game since BF1 released. animations are stiff, weapons are clunky, hit detection is absurd, and the 150m cap on bullet travel put the last nail in the coffin. RIP verdun, it was a good run.Save your $$$"
,Not Recommended,242860,9300810,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Jim Lahey,"I do not reccommend this game, at least in its current state. It has a lot of problems, such as unchangeable graphics settings (I'm also running with a GTX 780, so thats not a problem), shoddy gameplay mechanics, and overall cruddy gameplay. The First Person Shooter aspect of the game is done lazily and messily. Pistols are also just as good as sniper rifles, which just adds to the stupidity of the game. In addition to this, the squad system within the game doesn't even work half of the time, and it can be a real pain just to get in a squad with your friends. It honestly feels like the devs kind-of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this game into open development. This game has a lot of work that needs to be done to improve it. Again, do not buy this game unless this game gets major improvements to its squad system and gameplay mechanics."
,Not Recommended,242860,14150376,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Gabenfoodle,"Is the game bad? No. Did I enjoy it? No. I mean, first off, lets just say what the game does right: It looks good, runs well, has an interesting concept, and has plenty of content. What does it do wrong? Everything else, namley, the gameplay. Don't correct me if i'm wrong, but it seems like the devs were going for a WW1 version of RO2. However, I think they dont know what makes RO2 so good. Battles in Verdun are quick, dull,  and too simmilar to CoD. Gunplay isnt weighty enough, and frankly, you die too quickly. And thats about it. I hate spawning, runing, getting shot in the head and repeating that over and over again. I'm sure some people will enjoy it, but I dont."
76561198165992670,Not Recommended,242860,26266464,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ID3®,"I know I don't have a lot of hours, and I may be critized for that. But when playing this game for a while you begin to face the facts that it isn't really the best it could be. Is the game authentic you maybe be asking? Yes it is authentic. Is it fun you ask? No, not really, so many fanboys who love this game are going to say I'm an idiot and that I know nothing but it isn't that fun. It is an AUTHENTIC experience of World War 1 which means that you are going to be killed a lot, I mean A LOT. The UI is buggy and switching weapon or putting on a gas mask takes time and you will die so many times for it. The game IS VERY BUGGY. Seriously, whenever I am killed I fly 30-40 metres into the sky and my body flips around. When the devs fix these bugs (sometimes they don't) it creates 10 or so more. I am unhappy with this game and believe I have wasted my money, it had so much potential to be something great a real contender to Battlefield 1 the only other World War 1 First-Person shooter. To be honest with you, this game could have been better than Battlefield 1 in my opinion, but the graphics are horrible and it is hard to distinguish enemies and friendlies. Hopefully they improve this game, then I will play it again, but for now it is a waste of money and should not be bought. But nevertheless, forget what I have said. Experience it for yourself and you will get the bitter taste of disgust that I have."
,Not Recommended,242860,26497823,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ya boi baby cakes,"This game is Great and Very PolishedBUT!Verdun at its core is a great and very solid FPS, But my main problem with this game- is that it's just boring,completely boring and not immersive.The GameplayThe Main Gameplay of this game is pretty much peek and shoot (How im assuming the devs wanted to be pretty much) and very LONG distance fighting in a hole in the ground called a trench. The game throws you into multiple gamemodes (TDM, Free For All, etc), though the main gamemode was called The Frontlines gamemode. Where you hop into a squad (Entente or Central powers) and fight for land gains with an array of classes and guns for you to choose and freedom in how to perform in the squads you are in. The interesting part of these squads however is that all of them are completely unique with their classes based on team (And you can rename them to however you like) The class system however has 3 tiers in their class with each tier having a 'better' weapon or multiple items you can have such as grenades or pistols/melee weapons. The Gas system and Gasmasks are pretty simple; ""If you see green press 3/4 (I forgot srry)"". Also there are NO vehicles at all only infantry combat.My problem with the game-I love playing military simulators such as the Red Orchestra series and the Arma series (Domination), I also play War Thunder as well. But everytime I play a game such as the ones listed, there is ALWAYS a sense of immersion in the game; the game makes you feel like you are actually doing whatever you are doing. This game however doesn't and I don't enjoy it as much as I do Red Orchestra or ARMA 2.I̶ ̶d̶o̶ ̶b̶e̶l̶i̶e̶v̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶m̶a̶i̶n̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶s̶o̶n̶ ̶b̶e̶h̶i̶n̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶r̶e̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶ ̶o̶n̶l̶y̶ ̶b̶e̶ ̶3̶2̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶y̶e̶r̶s̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶a̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶(̶1̶6̶ ̶v̶s̶ ̶1̶6̶)̶  and there isn't enough going on and you don't really feel that sense of rush that other games can provide, however I do believe that Blackmill Games can learn A LOT through the Red Orchestra series (even though those are different wars completely) through animation, gameplay mechanics, etc.Simplified List for people that hate reading long♥♥♥♥♥textPROS- Polished and smooth gameplay- Graphics are above mediocre- Great mixture of arcade and simulation- Gunplay is OK (No bullet drops and very minimal lead shooting)- Map design is fine- ----> Squad Names <----- Gas system is superb no problems there- Fun games with friendsCONS- Animations are meh- No Vehicles at all- Very hard to see enemies (read below statement)- Mostly LONG distance engagements with iron sights- Absolutely NO immersion- Not enough players most of the time for full battles- Repetative gameplay sometimes (Peek and shoot mechanics (that may be just me though))I picked up this game for $12 and I believe thats the highest I would recommend for this game unless you TRUELY know what you are going to be playing"
76561197994379233,Not Recommended,242860,19161393,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Baron Von Dorf,If you live in the US don't waste your time on this game.  There is no one playing it on US servers.  It's like crickets cherping.  So I went to a EU server and every respawn I was team killed.  Guess they don't was US players.  Even though we saved their rear ends in the real war.
76561198048498153,Not Recommended,242860,9227373,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Jason,"Very undeveloped. Very little players, a lot of games better than this. Really suggest you guys to go other games"
76561198281288101,Not Recommended,242860,29177399,Posted: 10 January,all,afreder,Could I get my money back? Awful mechanics and learning curve
76561198092374170,Not Recommended,242860,28406677,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Lord Protector,"""Close but no cigar"" best decribes this title. WWI is ""virgin ground"" and therefore has lots of potential as it was the dawn of a new kind of warfare. However, in thier quest for ""historical accuracy"" (which I can respect) the developers of Verdun have sacrificed everything else.- Graphics are ""meh"" at best.- Weapon deadzones and enemy hitboxes are all over the place.- Forced PvP (If you want to level or keep any XP).- Non-existant playerbase.- Only 1 PvE gamemode and you cant even win! It's like CoD Zombies w/out the zombies. You and three others hold a location as long as you can against successive waves of enemies until you die thats it.If you want a WW1 experience that is even remotely feels fun or rewarding play BF1, though that has it's own failings."
76561198027377852,Not Recommended,242860,25339195,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,whitefoux,"The game is good, realistically inclined, and probably the best WW1 shooter. But the community, so many high lvl players that know the maps front and back, had one guy just lay in a spot which no one could find, and kept us from advancing the whole game, guess what lvl 100 guy. So game yes, community no."
,Not Recommended,242860,8211967,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,☭ Ficklestein ☭,"Do NOT buy this game. Ever for a beta I do not see this going anywhere good. The ""Christmas Truce"" (after each map, the servers move to a Christmas Truce map where you have to spend tens of minutes doing nothing but running around trying to throw bugged out snow at other people for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason just because it's Christmas time) nonsense is the top of the pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Instead of this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I suggest you go ahead and buy Red Orchestra 2 and/or Rising Storm which are BY FAR a thousand times better.I get that this♥♥♥♥♥♥is a beta, but come the ♥♥♥♥ on. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is ridiculous. Lots of better alternatives out there. Wasted my money on this nonsense.This is my first negative review of any game, by the way, and I've played alphas better than this."
76561198080263069,Not Recommended,242860,8182643,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Viennopre,Takes ages to load up. i still have not played a game yet :(
76561198172776874,Not Recommended,242860,27758506,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Walter O'Cash,"This game is totaly not a good idea to buy because:1: propaganda2: Little content, like only 5 maps all ground warfare"
,Recommended,242860,28296515,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,kool.kevin2006,One of the best JRPGs I have ever played.
76561198143425907,Not Recommended,242860,23756556,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zephr,"bad animations, optimization, and gameplay, could be good, but at the moment it's pretty trash."
,Not Recommended,242860,25219932,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Elcu<Nya~>,"I came into this thinking its a somewhat different version of Red Orchestra, but in a WWI setting... I was severely disapointed. There is only a thin veil of realism in this game, as in, you die very easily, but besides that, it suffers from the cancer that the AAA games have. A realistic shooter does NOT have regenerating health, also get rid of the weapon progression, this is a problem when you need to actually level up to get a rifle, 80% of the players are forced to shoot at each other with freaking pistols because lugers and m1911s are much more expensive to produce than a bolt action rifles, so its best to equip your army with 80% handguns and 20% rifles? I am sorely dissapointed in this game, even the original Red Orchestra does it better."
,Not Recommended,242860,32079449,Posted: 30 May,all,Boris,this game is flat out bad the multiplayer is horribly unbalanced the germans get 1 rifle per squad while the the other faction gets atleast 3 2/10 wouldnt reccomend even on sale.
76561198039247001,Not Recommended,242860,25490161,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Cobba,"Deppresing.Claustrophobic.Not fun.Im not sure I can descibe this but here goes: The way the characters move is unnatural, as if a body instantaneously goes from zero to jogging speed(~12kmph) without acceleration in any direction incuding up. This(and I am sure other physics/animations) looked derpy and was a dealbreaker for me.Refunded"
76561198122035764,Not Recommended,242860,26328865,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CMRod1,Dont buy this game there is little to no servers and when you do find a server it only has 3-4 people. ( I am on the U.S. servers)
76561198035005036,Not Recommended,242860,13020056,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,jamescccarroll,A truely disappointing experience. Thown into a disorientating madness where you lack any proper sense of sound and  peripheral vision facing an unseen enemy doing physicaly impossible moves while trying to hit them with the most awkward control over a weapon that makes any comparison with reality a sick joke. If you want to be geek fodder for those who have mastered the art of this rubbish then this is the game for you. If you want a more realistic experience of being a ww1 shooter try something else.
76561198130880671,Not Recommended,242860,28902679,Posted: 1 January,all,Wolfie,"If you care about your eyesDon't want to invest in a Gaming Monitor with 28"" or more then DON'T buy this game.It's literally impossible to see player silhuettes in this game. They are so camouflaged that you have to keep your eyes at 10 cm from the bloody desktop.I really had hopes for this game but it's impossible. It's NOT new player friendly at all.And it's not worth the money."
76561198102952060,Not Recommended,242860,23061907,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,boganvogue,about as much fun as the real thing dont bother
76561198193443638,Not Recommended,242860,24396554,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,spank <3,crashes horrible game
,Not Recommended,242860,26572688,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pervy Sage,Terrible optimizations and terrible gameplay to me overall. The fun is actually being able to kill somebody. However when someone is just standing by doing nothing all game nothing is being played. It's fun for the campy type of lovers but as a run gun or even tactical game this game doesn't cut it. Especially with the optimizaition issues I cannot recommend this game.
76561198217771903,Not Recommended,242860,31613731,Posted: 7 May,all,AV.aa,There just are no players online anymore
76561197984172967,Not Recommended,242860,25260281,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tyker,"Game is fun. Game is not optimized. Poor frames on a 6700K GTX 980 and 16GB DDR4 SSD.It is not worth a buy, yet."
,Not Recommended,242860,32821958,Posted: 26 June,all,JellyWX,Its dreadful to play. Movement feels slow and clunky and the multiplayer system makes no sense
,Not Recommended,242860,9444162,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Patrick Fitzhugh,PLEASE DO NOT MAKE THE MISTAKE I DID DONT BUY THIS GAME
76561198007670061,Not Recommended,242860,23643101,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Draconas,"Perfect connection, and the AI will teleport, making you miss all the time, and they'll teleport to behind you and just stab you to death, dozens of map and team rotations, same result."
,Not Recommended,242860,18913284,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Sexy Vorta,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ For one thign this game has no autobalance system and instead politely asks people if they would like to make it a fair anf fun game for all and switch sides. with nobody does and it only randomly asks players and there is no switch sides button. other than that jsut a♥♥♥♥♥♥game built for Call OF Duty souless 360 snapshooter
,Not Recommended,242860,33020382,Posted: 29 June,all,Uncle Ron,"I want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund, this game is horrible"
,Not Recommended,242860,29369107,Posted: 19 January,all,语言学概论,"Not very friendly to newbees. I guess since there's battlefield 1, few people will continue playing this one in the future."
,Not Recommended,242860,8161681,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DrThodt,This is probably the worst playing game I've had the displeasure of playing in quite some time.
,Recommended,242860,16882197,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,james.franco,>10 hours loading for once match>Doesn't get a single kill>Enough said
,Not Recommended,242860,33303907,Posted: 6 July,all,CNOOC,Thanks for the 20 minutes.
,Not Recommended,242860,33294156,Posted: 5 July,all,ジェイはル(JRL),"The game rips off alot of other gamesArma 3 1 shot with anything 95% of the timeCs Go Horrible Hit DetectionBf1 WW1Also when aiming the aim studders like your connected to a 300 ping server in africa, and the colors typicly are so dull the soldiers blend into the ground so you cant really even see them the concept of the game is great but then again with all the problems thats why it only peaks at about 500-1000 players a day. Btw mouse delay with 60fps is horrible"
76561198093891354,Not Recommended,242860,25063340,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BuddDwyer,"probably one of the worst games I have ever played, game mechanics wise (Even if you can identify a target to shoot at, theres a 99% chance you'll miss) already submitted for a refund after maybe playing for an hour (even though it felt like an eternity)"
,Not Recommended,242860,33991364,Posted: 3 August,all,NoOriginality,"Why, why are there only 16 players."
,Recommended,242860,34891499,Posted: 11 September,all,aj,BF1 is more realistic
76561198189500343,Not Recommended,242860,34838280,Posted: 9 September,all,Domixia_Mistress_Of_The_Damned,"If you want nothing but pvp this is your game. If you where hoping for a single player campaign, then this is not the game for you. Granted it looks good, but it was simply not what I was after."
76561198139867538,Not Recommended,242860,23458465,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,tralfaz,"I don't mean to be a  downer, but after playing other war fps (CoD, Sniper elites), I didn't find this game to be very fun.I'm a firearms collector, so I was excited to see the list of battle rifles available.Chaotic play and mildly unimpressive graphics, movement, and attack  aren't my cup of tea.Not very clear training or tutorials, either.   Just my two cents."
76561198195569393,Not Recommended,242860,30645229,Posted: 20 March,all,Ermahgherd,not fun at all. you will constantly die
76561197987808469,Not Recommended,242860,30228413,Posted: 27 February,all,The Fapper,"Overall poor.  I bought this game then asked for a refund.  Gameplay is poor in terms of character control and survivability.  You basically get one-shotted by a bot or another player, since it is more of a sniper type game.  Then, after your 30-second lifespan, you wait 2-3 minutes or more to respawn, only to be killed again 30 seconds later.  So, you spend 70-80% of your time with this game waiting to respawn, which in my mind is a total waste of time.  The graphics and weaponry are above average, though."
76561198209583735,Not Recommended,242860,26233023,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,kdixon4685,Slow slow quick quick slow.
,Not Recommended,242860,26523870,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Current - On Road - Away,"Short story:Insted of improveing this game at the time while battlefield 1♥♥♥♥♥♥is coming out,you kill the game.Long story:Two months ago i stopped playing this game,but was nice. Not the best,but was nice. Today,two months after,i wanned to paly with my friend again and we have noticed taht we have lost ALLL that we had. Levels,guns,AAAAAL.Next to that comes performance. I had I7 6700 ,16gb ddr4 and R9 380 4gb then,and i had it now. Then i played it on ultra settings(all on ultra,everything activated). Now i get 15-20 FPS like thatNext to those two comes gameplay. It was good 2-3 months ago. We had fun and crying palying it,but mostyly fun. Now its just cry. Why? Well its because when i shoot my enemy with aim mode activated(right click) i dont hit him.And no,it was not matter of gamepla and skill,but the game. Why and how? Well its because he basicly stood in front of me by 1 meter and i didnt hit him once from 6 shoots of revolver. I didnt move,i was in aim mode but NO ♥♥♥♥ING SHOTS. Next sceene enemy guy  jumps with in my trench. While he was in air i shoot him 4 times with my revolver,didnt move,and was in aim mode. I didnt hit him once,even if croshair was on his chest following whole time. At the end of the fall he instantly shoot my friend and mee,took our post and gave me cancer.GZ , you killed a nice game. I will come back in 1 year when cancer from this 10minute play heals to check on you,untill then imma play  shity battlefield. Jeez,atm i dont know which is bigger♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
76561198126465589,Not Recommended,242860,25775849,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,zSil3ntt,"We got Verdun,and we saidWe're done!1/10 IGNNobody plays this anymore, don't waste your money OP"
76561198043660381,Not Recommended,242860,23088646,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SlothGoggles,I have played a single offline game and now the game isn't letting me play at all.If only I could get my money back...
,Not Recommended,242860,23880585,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Le Monke,"Matchmaking is♥♥♥♥♥ Joined a squad with a friend, waited for the game to ""match players,"" witch takes 10 minutes, then when I finally DO get in a match, it boots me and my friend out. One of the funnest games I've played, but as of lately, I have not been able to get in a match. I would wait to get it, because again, the matchmaking is comepletely♥♥♥♥♥right now."
,Not Recommended,242860,24020771,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Chalupa Batman,"Really bad optimization and graphics. I have an amd 8370 and evga 970 and get under 30 frames constant on medium and low settings. The screen tearing causes the game to become near unplayable. Besides this, the combat is clunky and game mechanics are unintuitive in my experience. Bought this game excited for a WW1 fps, but became very dissapointed, very quickly."
,Not Recommended,242860,13276950,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Searcle the Cuckservative,"I can't recommend I game I can't play. I get kicked from every server mostly before I can even move, because of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet. I didn't ask for a fifth grade science project potato to provide my internet, but those were the cards dealt. This is AMERICA and in the red, white, and blue we believe in CAPITALISM! a system where♥♥♥♥♥♥is not decided by someone else, we make our own fortune. How can I make a fortune if every company I start is shut down by Obama before the first rent is due? ♥♥♥♥ this game, but it's still fun (barely)."
,Not Recommended,242860,15680624,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,=FTS= Jetda,I tried to get into this game as I've always enjoyed ww1 and ww2 era shooters but the idea that all weapons deliver 1 hit fatal shots is lame and boring. Stick to rising storm or other games this is just a big camp fest as people struggle to cross a map while any one with a 60% accuracy rating holds an entire side down.
76561198140560452,Not Recommended,242860,17921852,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,JakeTheTbagger69,was not able to quick scope
76561197980434782,Recommended,242860,16456514,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,WolFHound,"Oh boy, let me first tell you that this game has the BEST uninstaller ever. 10/10 Would uninstall again."
76561197994855099,Not Recommended,242860,15637244,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jaran,"client keeps disconnecting, movement is akward, way behind heroes and generals in every aspect"
,Recommended,242860,15294216,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,EncLAvE,"What a wonderful game, I really enjoy playing through the battlefields of the great war. This game involves everything I love, Historic accuracy, Teamwork, and Realistic weapons."
,Not Recommended,242860,22742829,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,03ee9er,cancer
,Not Recommended,242860,19967614,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MiniPapi,Try to play for about 10 minutes. Can't aim or do anything due to constant lag spikes.
,Not Recommended,242860,26221995,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,hardshell1,WHEN I JOIN A GAME IT CRASHES I LIKE THE GAME BUT I CANT PLAY IT SO I ♥♥♥♥IN WASTED 25 DOLLARS ♥♥♥♥ YOU FIX IT PLEASE
76561198139268423,Not Recommended,242860,25254353,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,SuperNoah1221,it needs to be updated a lot
,Not Recommended,242860,23851105,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,2SecksC,"bad game, bad mechanics if you like fps' like csgo, battlefield or even cod. watch some gameplay before you buy it."
,Not Recommended,242860,32796106,Posted: 25 June,all,✪ Rain Jr ☭,"The game starts, takes me to a page where it says Verdun 1914-1918 with the 3 soldiers, and just freezes. Doesnt even start. I verified the game cache and everything was in order. WHYYYY :("
,Recommended,242860,15608851,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Uvuvwevwevwe onyetenyevew osas,11/10 would knife a nazi again
76561198202967828,Not Recommended,242860,29955547,Posted: 15 February,all,Waylon,"Overall a decent game. If you're looking for trench warfare like WW1, then get ready for people running around the map shooting you with pistols and Semi-auto rifle like call of duty.You would be better off buying Battlefield 1."
76561198078762108,Not Recommended,242860,25357581,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Colonel puppers,"Well, first off i'd like to say that this playing time a have is a lie, the time showed is me attempting to make this work, i haven't played a single minute of this game. I bought this about a week ago on sale and man i was exited to play, a original squad-based WW1 FPS was something that no one did it before so yeah i got hyped to buy it. That was a mistake.Here's step by step of what happened simplified for your reading pleasure>Buy gamecan't wait to playfinish downloadingPlayCrash on startupok that was weird, try againCrashno way this is hap..Crashx2Verify game integrity and reinstallOk cool finnaly the game started! lets kill some gerries""Verdun Game can't recognize your dedicated video card, using integrated card with lowered fps.""tries everything to fix it then install latest nvidia driverlatest nvidia driver makes my gpu incompatible with ALL of my other games. Verdun included♥♥♥♥ my lifeuninstall all drivers, makes clean instalation to fix itgames work with gpu again, Verdun don'tgoes to forum and see that theres lot of people with this problem, and there is no actual solution.never give upReinstalled Verdun one more timenow game is crashing again0/10 Best money and time i ever spend.For now i won't ask for refund and you may say im a dreamer, but im not the only one. i tried everything in my power to make this work and im still trying, but im sure this is something that the devs have to patch, i guess i am one of the unlucky few who bought it but can't play, worst thing of all is that i could have used that money to buy some pot damit."
76561197970668683,Recommended,242860,23779837,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,🍁◎1916 Canada Ball◎🍁,When is single player coming out?
,Not Recommended,242860,25810484,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Uma Jesuson,"Overall, this game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's historically accurate, and the factions are okay, but this game is waaay to buggy for my taste."
,Not Recommended,242860,25812118,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Spook,*get sniped behind cover*leave game*cri
76561198054035856,Not Recommended,242860,29788352,Posted: 8 February,all,BSdriver`,what a great job dummys. My mouse isn't working on this game. I have to click more than 3times for one click in the game. It wasn't like this few weeks before. That the hell was happened. I restarted the game more than 3 times and changed my mouse too. Funny thing was my mouse worked perfectly fine in other games and window. Only Verdun cause this problem.My play time isn't that long. But I was enjoying this game sometime. I played at least once a month.Guess it's time to quit this game.
76561198207354203,Not Recommended,242860,32352276,Posted: 11 June,all,happy6465,"horrible game* graphics are horrible* comunity in cancer* everything seems slow and cluncky* animations are poorly madei regret spending £18.99 on this, and i recommend that you dont"
,Not Recommended,242860,27624401,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Proffesional Spoon,"ABSOLUTE TRASH, if you're a new player.I joined a game.I got spawn killed 5 times, in a row.Everyone had full auto.I had a bolty.Everyone who didn't have a full auto had a semi-auto pistol.Bolty cannot snipe.K/D of me and my friend combined, 1/50, no joke, we're both uninstalling.THIS IS THE WORST PLAYING EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.I can deal with glitches, crashes thats just how it is.Ever heard don't bring a knife to a gun fight? That's what it felt like.I could not hate this game anymore, I ABSOLUTLY HATE IT!I will recap, and do more ranting:1. Spawn killing2. Unbalanced3. ConfusingI had no IDEA what was happening, no tutorial, nada, and it needed one.As I said previously bolty vs literaly mchine guns, and I kept getting spawn killed, so did the enemy team we spawned right next to eachother.PLEASE DO NOT EVER BUY THIS TRASH, get BF1.I only review bad games, and this is the first time in thousands of hours, (maybe tens)  I have felt the need to do this."
,Not Recommended,242860,15364211,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Fuzzy Crumpet Nuggets 257,"Glitchy, horrible controls, bad dynamic, slow and rough movement. Boring gameplay, terrible community of players and overpriced."
,Recommended,242860,8192617,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Iron Bloke [24pz],"its hard to review because it is early access gemes. and yuou can tell. its really good, concidering its made by a small group of people. there are lots of problems, but i like it. the biggest problem for me is match making and goining. but hopefully they will chage that."
76561198016713100,Not Recommended,242860,32133232,Posted: 2 June,all,Tazor,"Hey look, a WW1 shooter that has frontlines and trench warfare. I wonder what recent WW1 shooter missed the point entirely and it played like a generic run&gun modern military shooter with a WW1 skin on top.Solid game, fun gameplay, fast unlocks (unlike AAA games where you grind for hundreds of hours or buy microtransactions), pretty good visuals, runs well on a mid range PC. Don't really like the lack of a server browser (pick a map and it sends you to a server playing that map) and the fact that you will gain some in-game bonus stats IF you play with the same people over and over again. From what I understand, the more you play with the same people, the faster you gain XP towards getting these bonus stats. This puts people who play alone at a disadvantage.The game is quite slow paced but not as slow as Arma. It is mainly trench warfare but there is a map with a fort and another one with a forest. If you blindly charge the enemy down the middle you will die. Simple as that. Use artillery craters, small hills, vehicle wrecks, half built trenches, corpses and whatever you can find to advance. Guns feel powerful killing in 1 or 2 shots. This is not a power fantasy. You can't carry an assault rifle, rocket launcher, pistol, knife, drive a tank, fly a plane and be Rambo on steroids. Some classes only have a pistol to fight back, yes, ONLY A ♥♥♥♥ING PISTOL. You do have MGs, sniper rifles, flame throwers, artillery strikes, gas strikes and all the good stuff from WW1.There is absolutely no vehicle combat in the game and no driveable vehicles, all infantry. I see it as a good thing. They are generally extremely powerful in such realistic games and it can give your team a massive handicap if a noob gets inside. Give me a Panzer IV in Red Orchestra 2, a bit of smoke, put me on defense and I am 62-3.There is absolutely 0 team balance. You can have 5 guys with over 100 hours in one team and noobs in the other. There are no admins and no autobalance. The only thing the autobalance cares about are the number of players in each team. Didn't notice this♥♥♥♥♥♥in the free period. Otherwise I wouldn't have bought it."
76561198170060295,Not Recommended,242860,23770814,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,shiverbullet,it just throws you into the game
,Not Recommended,242860,25239061,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,123,This was a fun game for the 8 minutes I could play it.  It crashes every game or between games.
,Not Recommended,242860,29071955,Posted: 6 January,all,Sgt. Hellbot,"This game showed some promise, but disappointment and frustration is everything that came out of my experience with it. Brutality and realism is overwhelmed by really bad mechanics and heavy balance issues. If this game were not so clunky in movement and shooting as it is right now, I'd definitely recommend it for people who enjoy realistic shooters. But I, however, prefer shooters in which my shots land where I actually aim my rifle at and are not dependent on completly messed up hit detection and barely working lag compensation. Red Orchestra 2 at launch had better movement and shooting mechanics comparing to this game, and it tells a lot. I know it's a small developer studio, so I should not expect an amazing triple A shooter (and I didn't), but Verdun is just unbearable to play."
,Not Recommended,242860,15611196,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,nereksnadu the Rakusan,game keeps asking me to write a review when i close it so here you go
76561198394534248,Not Recommended,242860,33218351,Posted: 3 July,all,Dark,Its HORRBILE when you try to start it up it crashes
,Not Recommended,242860,33206877,Posted: 3 July,all,Average Shroom ✪,Not a game that i wasn't expecting to be good. I would return it if i could
76561198301216173,Not Recommended,242860,31051113,Posted: 9 April,all,[UG] ClintMc67,"theres no singleplayer which it says in tags and i was looking forward to playing a trench warfare singleplayer game  and 9 year olds can become a nco with no experience,ti everyone who was like me and saw the way they made it look cool on video its not like that think of a world war 1 call of duty infinite warfare  so dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥22euros or 25$ its worth ♥♥♥♥ing 15 $ 11euro that would be a reasonable price so im probably gonna refund and if it gets any better ill consider download again please dont buy  this♥♥♥♥♥♥ lol people think its realistic wen a infantry nco requests artillery at 2 ♥♥♥♥ing people"
,Not Recommended,242860,20452468,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,kb,Game is dead.
76561198258019216,Not Recommended,242860,35279739,Posted: 28 September,all,ZE BAT,this game is fun but the amount of people that play it blows.. if there were more people it would be worth buying.. dont waiste your money on it
76561198065256247,Not Recommended,242860,19983462,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Koro Sensei,Pile o'wank ♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,242860,8163487,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Colonel H Sanders,"It was worth for the four dollars during the winter sale.  -For whatever reason it's now eight dollars.. damn deals changing.Verdun has good graphics, sounds, and gameplay that's pretty damn good. +It's the only WWI one game that i've ever seen/It's a indie title."
76561198011827366,Recommended,242860,8069358,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,will,nice shooter and the only ww1 fps.
,Not Recommended,242860,35075075,Posted: 19 September,all,Myself,boring
76561197962652978,Not Recommended,242860,34205615,Posted: 12 August,all,BoyG Guy,this game does not work with a mouse or keyboard
76561198263221652,Not Recommended,242860,35478903,Posted: 4 October,all,gonefusion,Would be a good game if i could actually play it with out it lagging constantly
76561198012461471,Not Recommended,242860,12567858,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Filthy Pagan,"So after a long time I'm now updating this review.To start things off, I'm pretty sure we're all aware about how little WW1 content there is for gaming, and before Verdun came along there was next to nothing in the first person category.My issue with Verdun and it's devs and team is that they claim to have a ""Historically accurate and immersive game"" which is true for about the first week you play it, but like any game once you get over the ""dream"" you have of it in your head, it becomes really, really boring.Call it, corpse dragging simulator if you will.About 80% of your time in the game will be spent dying, or running a short way to be killed. The other 20% will be split between performing amazing acts of heroism and dodging bullets. And by that I mean shooting at something, and wondering why you're missing, enjoying the ""wonderful"" melee system, and crawling around hoping to god no one can shoot through walls, which they quite often can.The fundemental problem with Verdun is it decided to do a 180 turn from being something like the WW1 version of Red Orchestra, to being CoD: irritating death simualtor.Sure the game scratches the itch most people have about WW1 but WW1 was defined by long periods of inactivity with short periods of bloody violence. Verdun is just long periods of bloody violence, which is fun if your a CoD player and like to go pew pew, but not fun if you like stuff that's actually historically accurate.Verdun is like a tabloid version of WW1. All the juicy bits with non of the actual facts. And for players like me that just doesn't sit well.Combine that with this crazy notion they have that you can throw players into groups and expect teamwork to magically appear and you have basically the ""sheep"" of Verdun which is it's playerbase. And believe me when I say they are quite happy to spend hours upon hours, and match upon match hurling themself at the enemy despite your protests to use the cover or use a different approach.The weapon system as well is pretty terrible. Apparently they wanted all the aspects of the WW1 deadlock but they also wanted to then throw in the armaments of the later years of the war which risked breaking said deadlock. SMG's, Bar's and so on are great, but the issue is WW1 was predominantly fixed machine guns, rifles and MELEE. It was brutal because people were bashing each other heads out with spades, and that was happening because it was easier than using a rifle in a trench. And yet here we are.Verdun a game where you can as a single player wipe out an enemy team with your rifle, but if you decide you want to use melee, you better hope you have hacker speed and blind luck. Otheriwse you will die 9.9 times out 10.Gas in the game last I recall was pitiful. Apparently you could go for lesuirely strolls and the side of gas clouds and have nothing more than a slight cough. I don't know if that's been changed but my feeling is it's still not as deadly as it should be.Again going back to the team playing aspect, it uses a basic idea that you will play matches with the same people which is a  terrible idea. Sure there are some people who use clans/groups on steam but about a good 75% of  people on steam are solo goers who don't want to commit to any one clan or even game. For those people most of the exp unlocked traits or commander abilities will never be used or unlocked. Dunno if that's been tweaked at all.My biggest gripe is the use of ""Historically Accurate"" when somehow you can have the belgians and americans fighting in french sectors and the British in areas where there were only french, the belgians who were really only-early war troops ANYWAY fighting along side late war americans just is messy. Perhaps a better system would be to set for maps factions, for example flander could be British and Canadian against two german squads, and so on, and that way it would force palyers to explore factions that they ultimately pick biasly anyway.I know I only played as German or British for example.The weapon customisation thing is a nice idea, customising roles is cool, but when for some if not most classes it is mostly various combinations of pistol, melee, grenades and binoculars, or rifle with scope, rifle with bayonet it really doesn't scream very creative.I think there needs to be a realistic game mode, where players have perhaps 2 clips of rifle muntions  several grenades, lots of artillery and ample melee weapons, and some shouldn't spawn with gas masks, which should be items you can pick up. Perhaps even there can be entire phases of play where no one can cross no mans land and it becomes a sniper and artillery war, with side goals like repairing the trenches/ bringing munnitions to the fore for an assault.THAT would be realistic.Instead we have of course ""CoD:Corpse Dragging Simulator the 'Verdun' Edition""Still. 6/10 from me. I would suggest buying it on sale, I might even try playing it again when Battlefield comes out as many of the Cod like players will leave.That's worth stating too, a good majority are veterans and have honed their ""point and click"" to the point of 360 no scoping-ish levels of unreal.Peace!"
,Not Recommended,242860,8171828,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,BuryTheLiving,Very choppy and laggy - wait till the completed development.
76561198028914758,Not Recommended,242860,12446033,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SNAFU,"When someone says World War 1, almost everyone will imagine two things. Trenches and unbelievable slaughter on massive scale. This game has former, but it lacks latter, which is a shame.Here's a brief description of my experience so far:Get dropped on some place on the battlefield, preferably a trench. Run into an ally, who run past you, and after 10 meters get shot. Get to some place safe, and start scanning for enemy. See no one for few minutes - not enemy, nor ally. Bored, decide to move to better location. Start moving, immediately get shot dead from an unseen enemy. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. Quit.Sadly, this isn't a problem with Verdun being in beta, from technical standpoint the game is actually very well done. The whole concept is flawed, due to a small amount of players and lack of incentives for acting like a soldier in an army, not running around like stressed mother in a shopping mall. You will never experience going over the top and attacking the enemy trenches. There isn't any organisation or timing. Everyone does what they want, which results in total chaos, then the turn ends, one side is victorious, then all over again. It's basically a Counterstrike in WW1 setting, which is probably great for many, but not for me."
,Not Recommended,242860,13835281,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,The Communist Banana,I can not recommend this games to any one i understand this is early access but it seams to be going no where.  I have played red orchestra before this game not knowing this was in my opinion a knock off of it (a bad one at that) just set in WWI. honestly if you are interested in this game pick up red orchestra 2 it is a full game and way better polished.
76561198055528667,Recommended,242860,14006951,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Young English Boyyys,"The feel of this game is absolutely magnificent, makes you feel like you're really in the trenches of WWI, bringing messages to the commanders and developing a strong hatred for jews. You might even be able to recieve the rank of corporal after most of your company has been wiped out. Perhaps then you would stage a coup to take over the reichstag and gain ultimate power. After that act, you can finally exact your twisted world vision on the new and stronger reich, systematically rounding up and killing all those who are not worthy of living in the glorious world dominated by the aryan race.10/10 Seig Hail"
76561198327387116,Not Recommended,242860,31752592,Posted: 14 May,all,LSD,"F*ck this game, too much lags. Thst was cool but then..."
76561198051384176,Recommended,242860,16495352,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"Love World War I battles and Era? Then This game is for you. Guns, War, Map, Class almost everything is Historical Accurate besides the number of players per map.Only that you need quick response action and a lot of camping, patience and move slowly and tactical because its pretty much 1 or 2shots and you are dead. Unlocking class is very easy and each class has different weapon and playstyle.The major fact in this is that it has the Battlefield like Party system when you get bonus as long as you are in your Corporal Circle zone. If anyone takes the class that is."
76561198054619723,Not Recommended,242860,8165761,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,бад ратс мастер🐀,ear cancer simulator
,Not Recommended,242860,31604917,Posted: 7 May,all,Tyke Wusky,"When this game came out it was beautiful and promising. It has so much going for it. And in the months to follow it got better and better and al lthe issues were worked out.Playing it as a skill based hardcore player was fun, I even made a seperate account just to play this game on from scratch and become elite.Then one day, almost overnight, things changed.it started with performance tweeks, and gameplay tweeks.It was clear that this game was catering to new players who found it too hard. So players like me, who have been here since day one had 2 options, learn to take on the new gameplay style or just forget it.I've decided to forget it, along with many other elites. It's not fun anymore, and we may be a small minority but it's a shame. Watching a game go from greatness to mediocre so fast. Another typical case of devs listening to new players, and not veterans."
76561198123091735,Not Recommended,242860,31675970,Posted: 10 May,all,VITAMIN O : ILLEGALIZE THAT SHIT,This game is dead and has so few players it's a waste of 25 dollars.Spend your money elsewhere. This game will have 0 players in 1 year.
,Not Recommended,242860,15647931,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,CPeezy,Garbage.
,Not Recommended,242860,26380529,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,{442} Brock Branigan P.I,"TL:DR This game is an unfinished mess to me and IMO Red Orchestra 2 Runs Circles around it..GraphicsGraphics are great, kinda reminds me of early Unreal Engine 2Sometimes the ragdolls clip into the world crashing the game [Rare]Rating : 8/10GameplayNot exactly what I'd call ""Realistic""  [As most seem to review it]Weapons feel REALLY clunky, the slightest movement knocks your aim off and sometime a enemy soldier in your sights doesn't get shotThe whole squad based mechanics are a kinda cool feature but makes some games REALLY unbalanced if the server is not fullLack of Vocal Communication in game really limits what you can tell your squad to do..Rating: 6/10Multiplayer ServersBasically, empty, small, and very un-balanced at times..32 Player [16 per team] servers make the game feel desolate and lonely..Balance of Servers isn't really enforced by a auto-balance and to me that is a HUUGE turn-off.. The only thing in place is a small spawn penalty..Servers aren't really rank bases [kind of stupid complaint from me] Rank 100 guys mowing down noobies isn't really entertaining and really discourages new players and cuts off player baseRating : 4/10CommunityBasically, Imagine virtual text aids... That's the closest you can get to this Comunity.. Nearly always debating ""History"" and ""Politics"" And stops them from actually playing the damn game..Overall Game Rating:5/10  Really overhyped, not what it could have been"
76561198084071539,Not Recommended,242860,35009617,Posted: 16 September,all,Dr. Kaiser,"This is a poor game. I do not recommend it for anyone in wood areas due to Ping Restrictions. Even when my ping is high, I can play smoothly, For alteast 5 seconds I can before I get kicked for slow speed, even when I try it in the mornings when my internet speed is fastest. Unless Ping-Restrictions are lifted or atleast moved up to 750+, I see no hope for those like I who live in wood area's where tree's are abundant and where people have poor internet providers. My ping is always at a normal 665 - 720, this is not new to me and i've learned how to survive with it. A game that looks as promising as this and wonderful graphics that no one can play due to their ping is poor. I dream of getting to play this just so I can try the Gas and Melee systems, but because of my area ping, I sadly cannot.This game, is not poorlike I said to start, just to save myself from being stonned to death by comments on my profile. I write this review not for the game (because I CAN'T play the game) but as a complaint, a downfall."
,Not Recommended,242860,28406042,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Vicious_Afro,This could be a fun game if it wasnt so easy.gameplay is choppy feels like 1996 again.
76561198073802884,Not Recommended,242860,24877065,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Gahil1,"It is a very bad game,it is not worth the money.The gameplay is so bad,the servers are dead and sometimes you just spawn are you are almost instantly killed.I would give this game a 4."
76561198025772056,Not Recommended,242860,12382950,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,JinKo82,you cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥but shoot at the trees and wait to somehow get shot in the spawn area. this ♥♥♥♥♥ not even worth a penny
,Not Recommended,242860,25032413,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,SS Commando,"So i was looking for a ww1 / ww2 game and found this game. I expected it to be much better because of the price, but i was wrong. this is the worst game i've ever played in my life. the game is so unrealistic. you get killed by 1 hit. you cant sprint properly.NOT RECOMMENDED"
76561198066174513,Not Recommended,242860,31327455,Posted: 23 April,all,The Best,This game was terrible to play.
,Not Recommended,242860,31354241,Posted: 25 April,all,pab900,Snipers constantly spawn trap and game lags so much. Is not worth the price.
76561197990803824,Not Recommended,242860,23599337,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Frysian,"Just run and attack....die... run and attack or defend.. die... very boring game, not much strategic either.."
,Not Recommended,242860,32096263,Posted: 31 May,all,Beautiful Jack,its fun exactly 20% of the time
,Not Recommended,242860,26126833,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,AgentNr5521,"I actually wasted my money on this. Thought there would be more content but the maps are small. I know this game isn't complete yet, but such a high price tag? You better be adding A LOT of new stuff to this game because at this stage i want a refund. It might have been lowered since i got it but it's hard to find this game fun and enjoyable at this stage. Might concider playing this again when it comes out of Alpha and Beta, but find that the team gameplay isn't as fun.... yet."
76561198159232263,Not Recommended,242860,30753358,Posted: 26 March,all,xiaxix,"played like 1 min.5 times i was killed.this is sooo crap.killed all the time,what a♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198095659289,Not Recommended,242860,33224326,Posted: 4 July,all,Molly,One of the most buggiest games i have ever played...just get BF1 instead.
,Not Recommended,242860,17117120,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Saltheart Foamfollower,Terrible game developers should be embarrased...  Something rehashed from 2003 is my best guess.  Never trust a company that doesnt offer a demo.  Complete waste of $22.  I cannot use my triple screen setup because the mouse is unable to actually click on anything forcing a task manager reset...  Can I get a refund?
76561198283203489,Not Recommended,242860,24080620,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,czar2456,I purchased this game because with high hopes but unfortyunately it was a great dissapointment.  I finally get to play and I am all alone waiting for the enemy.  Seems like forever before I finally see them.  I shoot one and then crash.  I then reboot and try once more.  I am told to defend the trench and when I moved I fall 50 feet to my death through the GROUND!!!!  What the...????  I requested my money back.
76561198287162496,Not Recommended,242860,29189474,Posted: 11 January,all,Kramer,for that price it's a disappointment 5/10
,Not Recommended,242860,14526586,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Artyom Alekseyevich Chyornyj,no
,Not Recommended,242860,12947374,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARH,suck . lagging like hell
76561198170678527,Not Recommended,242860,31849011,Posted: 19 May,all,Sgt Snuffy,slow response jerky and hesitant movements would not recommend for download . Actual dvd disk probably would be better since some code is usually lost in transit over the net .
76561198120620687,Not Recommended,242860,24026627,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ScootieMcBooty,"Quite frankly boring. Not a whole lot of people playing, Very little content overall. Not really sure what the hype was about."
76561198124116429,Not Recommended,242860,23931903,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,jbiggs16,This game is♥♥♥♥♥ the game is too slow paced.
,Not Recommended,242860,31531740,Posted: 3 May,all,CotttenBall43,"This game has a dark colour scheme, its very frustrating when you are walking around the map and a german who doesn't have bright blue cloths snipes you it may be historically accurate but i find it's a tad bit unfair especially for a shooter game with slow aim and weird iron sights. This isn't a bad game there are just some things that could make this game easier or ""Fairer' for new players."
76561198123400102,Not Recommended,242860,25396437,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,HERPDERPINSTEIN,no
76561198073655785,Not Recommended,242860,15658273,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,levimoroni,"1rst game 1rst spawn: die instantly to artillery. 2nd spawn: die instantly to sniper, 3rd spawn: die instantly to grenade. 4th spawn: die before I even have control of my character to more artillery. The lesson? War is hell and the maps suck."
76561198253197927,Not Recommended,242860,26723888,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,CoolioFoolio,Robotic clunky movement makes it play like♥♥♥♥♥
76561198104043157,Recommended,242860,16456563,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,WASABI,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Im french so jew did nazi see that comming frankly but juno this one time nien years ago we got so baked at camp bruh
76561198147644764,Not Recommended,242860,17359667,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,@Loverino@,No just NoThe reason i am not reccomending this game its because there are littteraly nobody in the servers at least 12 or 19 but there is no action! the servers are full with freindlys! i mean verybody just drops their weapons and goes and does ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t its just like that verdun cristmas comersical accept if you kill somebody you get bannedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWF2JBb1bvMi would not reccomend this game and also you get banned for like 3 days for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason if youre here for the epicness you saw in the trailer its not like that
,Not Recommended,242860,33905463,Posted: 30 July,all,Suwakos Nice Boat,absolute trash with bad mapsand maps are too big for amount of players you have on a game anyway so its just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ camping fest with bunch of snipers losing team cant even leave their base cause after a goddamn second you leave your base you'll get shot and die maps are way too open so you dont have much cover which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a game where you die with single goddamn shot and making your gun move like a autistic while youre aiming does not make a game realistic that just makes it badwew i just realised rising storm 2 vietnam is cheaper than this trash now im just mad cause i just wasted my money
76561198169961401,Not Recommended,242860,23124227,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Molerat,all gameplay trailers are scripted. i am not impressed. You die every 10 seconds! low levels or beginners are fodder and it has wanky controls. Just bad
,Not Recommended,242860,24887550,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Aloha Rat,"game is bad, confusing, and i cant tell who is who. not enjoyable, expeccialy since I spend hours playing war games."
76561198176903042,Not Recommended,242860,19860188,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sasuke Uchiha,gay
76561198069959029,Not Recommended,242860,30340969,Posted: 5 March,all,keskiviikkoilta,"Looked like a lot of fun in the videos, but when I bought the game, I realised it was something different.-Very confusing menu-confusing team selection-confusing gameplay+Looks pretty good+Propably pretty fun, when you get a hang of it, but it was not for me"
76561198029040582,Not Recommended,242860,24981563,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,super boy and gang hit manhattan,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, READ THIS FIRST6 minutes of playtime. Highly disappointed in those 6 minutes.I suppose this game never quite reached the mainstream, because within a year, it is COMPLETELY dead. There was not one soul searching for or playing a game. This game is a wasted ghost town that stole my $26.55.After 6 minutes of anger, confusion, and pure sadness, I immediately requested my refund for this game. If you own it, I suggest you do the same. This game is rendered completely useless without the players, as it is multiplayer only.As SOON as I get my refund (or IF I do), I'll be saving $5 and (HOPEFULLY) extra disappointment by buyingRed Orchestra 2."
,Not Recommended,242860,29940935,Posted: 15 February,all,Conka Blonka,"It's very good if you want a realistic WW1 experience of being shot immediately every time you raise your head above the trench line, if this is not enjoyable to you then this game is almost unplayable"
76561198054758804,Not Recommended,242860,8159572,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,GAU-8  Avenger,Cant se who shot you Not enough exploding weapons like grenades and mortars Dont need to die for leaving boundries make it suck
76561198089197599,Not Recommended,242860,31033708,Posted: 8 April,all,{CaTH0dE}_SiRiS,"No singleplayer, stacked teams, buggy, not ""realistic"" not worth anywhere near 25$. Just go play cops and robbers outside."
76561198007052359,Not Recommended,242860,12469376,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,gbachura,"[BETA REVIEW] [Edit 12-Oct-14]Edit/Update: I've since gone back and looked. It appears that there are suspiciously few 'negative' reviews. In fact, when you click the negative reviews it seems to tell you that you've viewed them all despite it listing several hundred as negative. One has to wonder, are the Developers hiding the negative reviews?It is an interesting concept for a shooter game, and it has some neat features that sort-of work for it. However, by and large this game is a failed attempt at something that could be been better had someone written better netcode for the game.The combat is terribly glitchy, and you may find yourself shooting other players, only to discover you've actually been shot by them several seconds later. Melee combat is a joke, sometimes with an auto-lock-on features and sometimes you can bash the enemy repeatedly before they die.With the understanding that this game is striving to portray a 'realistic' combat setting in WWI, I still say this game is not worth your money unless...nope, probably not worth your money at all. With the repeated updates that have continually caused the game to go downhill, including the implementation of 'gas attacks' that act as little more than puffy clouds to step around on the battlefield, the game has gone from being interesting and fun to being repetitive and dull.The playerbase/community is pretty tough. There are approximately perhaps 50-60 dedicated players that you'll see commonly on the NA server. So don't expect a lot of players to pit yourself against. The ones who are there are, for obvious reasons, die-hard fans of the game and so will defend any percieved slight to the game as a personal vendetta. The community is something like I'd describe as an ultra-condensed version of League of Legends, I suppose.Would I recommend this game?No. But its still fun to get on sometimes and laugh at how silly the combat/animations/players are."
,Not Recommended,242860,28600838,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,☭☭_YoloMcSwagMuffins_☭☭,"paid version of heros and generals, just more confusing"
,Not Recommended,242860,23987200,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,InQuisition,"No one plays this. There is a learning curve to start playing but since the community is microscopic its very difficult to find any help online. Also dont be fooled by the handful of players playing online, most of them are playing private locked servers. There was literally one game up in for each of the 3 game modes (all of them had 1-2 players). Buyer beware. :/"
76561197960541675,Not Recommended,242860,25221129,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,lllSniperlll,Gameplay was sluggish.  Low FPS.  Lots of bugs. clunky movement.
76561198071684212,Not Recommended,242860,18997346,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,flobbos,This is by far the worst and dumbest game I have played in a very long time and I regret the money I spent on it. 20 bucks for this? Really? This is nothing more than a mod at best. Save your money for real games and stay away from this crap.
76561197988646118,Not Recommended,242860,25228874,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jack G,Looking at specks accross trenches simulator 2016
76561198052533744,Not Recommended,242860,24016493,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,freegantarchist | we are oceans,"change language after tutorial,cannot spawn after loading because having no weapons unlockedgetting sniped when trying to support team with spotting while only spawning with pistol"
,Not Recommended,242860,23211690,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,LGBTQPETANAZIBLMNRA,"Game is dead, dont buy."
,Not Recommended,242860,19899341,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,chiraqs dictator,"Sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Graphics look like a 350 year old tortoise♥♥♥♥♥♥upon itself. ate it up again,♥♥♥♥♥♥upon itself again, was eaten by a velociraptor, puked out, and was left fermenting for 32.7 billion years."
76561198121573168,Not Recommended,242860,22018268,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Roberto Ramirez,No ANZACS 0/10 DO  NOT BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,242860,23810768,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,FellFoe,"Generic Source/Unreal shooter. Not the worst thing, but not the best offering out there either. At this stage it'd be best to wait for B1."
76561198015506344,Not Recommended,242860,33477703,Posted: 12 July,all,LEAD-FARMER,Dont waste your time or money on this one.Way bettter war shooters out there.
76561198082443725,Not Recommended,242860,23028128,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,BaconVape,"I like the consept of world war 1 and ww games are my favorit games, but i dont like when i get instantly vaporised when i come out of the trenches it has its ups and downs but the spam of explosives is a very bad thing and they need to have friendly fire and atleast make it two shots when i come out of the trenches so i dont get instantly vaporised/polverated"
76561198065528781,Not Recommended,242860,24110605,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Alby,Add colour blind mode you cucking funts
76561198082343282,Not Recommended,242860,30714614,Posted: 24 March,all,ϟϟRaccoon Von Duckieϟϟ,Verdun...Bugged since 2015Still don't know why i play it. D:
76561198056393928,Not Recommended,242860,15668875,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mr Nich,"one of those multiplayer-only-online-only games, I am terrible at. After being killed five times upon spawning without seeing anyone I quit. What a total waste of money my score 0/100"
,Not Recommended,242860,31629670,Posted: 8 May,all,Jebus182,"Looks good, plays terribly!"
76561198324929919,Not Recommended,242860,25518827,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ricky From Sunnyvale,horrible
76561198126239128,Not Recommended,242860,35027172,Posted: 17 September,all,LORDA,This game is for campers!!! Please don't buy it
76561198000600325,Not Recommended,242860,23215146,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,jinx,"Played/Playing: DOD 1.3, DOD:S, CS 1.6, CS:S, BFBC1, BFBC2, Squad. And I am a guy who hast at least 2:1 (Bad Company 1 and2) or 3:1 (CS, DOD) K/D ratio, so always above average.Tried Verdun and it is just S H I T. You NEVER can see the enemy, well, sure, if you put your eyes 5 cm in front of your screen and put the resolution to 800x640 on a 1980px screen and of course, if you camp hard. This game will be infested with wallhack noob kids.Yeah, I know, it is called realism, but it everything except the ""can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; isn't realism. If you want realism play Squad or Arma.Forget to get the refund. I might play it again if I am heavily drunk and like to insult people."
,Not Recommended,242860,26067419,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,sAM,it is fun for 1 hour then it sucks
76561198086473108,Not Recommended,242860,28193849,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hilter Adolf,It bad
76561198047004350,Not Recommended,242860,21944404,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,starmen266,very hard game and board
,Not Recommended,242860,26080767,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Rickest of Ricks,i played for half and hour and saw 1 enemy and got killed 30 timesunless you REEEEAAALLLY like camping dont bother
,Not Recommended,242860,26400685,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Vladok,*Watches tumbleweed roll and fumble across from him as the wind whistles past his ears* ......You hardly have a full game these days.
76561198135414505,Not Recommended,242860,19960414,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,designated name : Gerald,o kay dont buy this game this game is tyo hard for evryone
76561198034292993,Not Recommended,242860,23029956,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,judson-1,game is not worth the money
76561198084564734,Not Recommended,242860,24182568,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,HatchetHarry,"This game is terrible, don't waste the coin."
,Not Recommended,242860,15749124,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,chrisfailedea,"Pros:- Well optimizedCons:- Gets boring really fast- The most boring setting for an FPS game. World War 2 based FPSs are better.- Because of the trench warfare, the maps are boring and confined- Below average shooting mechanics- More easy than difficultVerdict:It's not worth $20. $5 is a fair price. This is the sort of game you wish you could get a refund for."
76561198059765766,Not Recommended,242860,31715716,Posted: 12 May,all,pangora13,waste of time!
76561197970801530,Not Recommended,242860,24745814,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Pie-Guy,"Game is multiplayer only which is a problem when nobody is playing it. I found 2 servers with people on them, one was full the other had 1 person in it. The community is as dead as a sack of wet hammers. I also couldn't change my key bindings.I requested a refund but was denied as I had the game longer than 2 weeks (bought it on sale and didn't get to it until yesterday). I have 24 minutes of gameplay but was denied a refund. 24 minutes spent trying to find 1 guy who got frustrated and left. It would have been nice to at least play against bots. Don't buy this game - it's dead in the water."
76561198007651059,Not Recommended,242860,25623837,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,jvonmaur,multi olayer and graphics are bad
76561198178613015,Not Recommended,242860,22971868,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,SaltKing-chan,"Probably one of the ♥♥♥♥♥est, clunkiest games I have ever played, the gunners are so overpowered and everything else is underpowed, ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197982565433,Not Recommended,242860,25430044,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ruwagrong,$5 recommend only. This game is campers paradise. Have fun with those ♥♥♥♥♥ snipers
76561198061820192,Not Recommended,242860,8446099,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Total War King,6 people online :( WTF ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,242860,29800557,Posted: 9 February,all,OreoSama,"This game only works on what computer it wants.I had a poor laptop and it worked but had low fps and now on my new PC it does not work "" no auth given"". on my friends laptop it also had a weird error different from mine.This game is fail most of the time"
76561198417973644,Not Recommended,242860,34827290,Posted: 8 September,all,Glowpants,Easily the worst game I've played. There's no distinction between the playable map and the unplayable part. You'll be executed for exploring. Barbed wire everywhere but if you even knick it you'll have to spend 30 seconds trying to wiggle out of it... like that's super realistic. Nobody plays it. There's like 100 people online and they all just camp. Makes a bad game into a terrible game. Waste of $25. Hopefully I get the refund because I definitely didn't have it for two weeks and I definitely didn't play it for two hours.
76561198365557993,Not Recommended,242860,29841158,Posted: 10 February,all,US RULES DAWG,"game wont connect to online, just bought it. dontr waste your money."
,Not Recommended,242860,25242004,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Verdun is the kind of FPS that comes up when people want to make something hyper-realistic and yet still a game, instead of a simulation. To this extent, a lot of the features reflect realistic conditions and expectations during WW1. Pop your head out of a trench to look around? Dead. Try sprinting across no-man’s-land? Dead. Stick in one spot too long? Dead.This is, unfortunately, also the game’s weakest point. You see, part of loading up steam and picking a game means I have a particular objective in mind: Fun. I want to play a game and have fun, and Verdun is not fun. It’s realistic, but peeking out of a trench with binoculars to get a view of the battlefield from as far back as the game allows, only to get shot in the head by a very bored and very alert rifleman from the opposite side of the map isn’t particularly fun. It doesn’t help that the controls are incredibly awkward and equally awkwardly band-aided by a GUI “prone locked” message. Thanks, I could figure out I was stuck in prone without that by the fact that I CAN’T MOVE.Speaking of awkward, trying to move forward over obstacles can net all sorts of results such as you popping up high in the air and basically advertising your position to everyone on the map or more likely you will just fumble around getting in a good firing position. Reloading is definitely realistic although the command didn’t always go through even when standing still and I would have to basically hammer my R key to get my guy to do his job. Maybe he was just scared of war but I don’t remember seeing a bravery/fear meter anywhere.Throwing a grenade is hilariously cumbersome and might as well have the player saying “Attention everyone, I am throwing a grenade now. I have undone the pin. Alright, off it goes! I have thrown the grenade! That is a grenade that was thrown by me!” right before he tosses it. Again, I’m sure it’s realistic, but it’s also incredibly embarrassing and frustrating to watch.Verdun seems like the kind of game that would really only be fun playing completely drunk with a bunch of friends filling squads on both sides. Playing with random people however, is not something that I would recommend. If there’s one positive thing I do have to say about this game, it would be “At least it isn’t BF1” because even though it isn’t particularly fun, it’s at least true to the medium."
,Not Recommended,242860,21590738,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,quark,I once cut my wrist with a rusty butterknife and that was more pleasant than playing through this cringefest of a game.
,Recommended,242860,25218452,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ShadeDarkSide,"Out of everything this game has to offer, the refund button works great!"
,Not Recommended,242860,19213121,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Gromit,This game was under-cooked and just felt generally cheap. Shame because I really wanted it to be COD 3 for the pc but it was nowhere near. Not even worth a look at the (tellingly) low price in my opinion.
,Not Recommended,242860,25220702,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Johnny_V,"Unbelievable... Only 14 minutes of gameplay were enough to make me ask for a refund.Multiplayer not working, awful game dynamics, very limited ""everything"".Sorry, no.There are far better options out there with the same theme and cheaper."
,Not Recommended,242860,23412238,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Brad Pharo,not worth the money the game is a joke
76561198155642460,Not Recommended,242860,12795789,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,docsraiders,Bought this due to the other postive reviews. Im rather disapointed. Game it self is pretty good but the instant spawn kills and unclear class changes leave you running around with nothing but a pistol getting sniped whenver you leave the trenchWould like a refund.
76561198271873320,Not Recommended,242860,30500269,Posted: 13 March,all,Tau Fire Warrior,This is an excellent game for those who were dissatisfied with Battlefield 1 and want a realistic World War I experience. UNFORTUNATELY there are only  3 people n the servers so you are most likely going to get bored fast.
,Not Recommended,242860,28849950,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Anime is fucking trash,Meh
,Not Recommended,242860,25418865,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Doublewish,very low quality in my opinion
,Not Recommended,242860,25233274,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jesus of Nazareth,Very few people playing
,Not Recommended,242860,23996921,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KiwiBurgerFace,"bought in sale, refunded after 17mins.wasn't what I personally expected from it,vids and pics seem to be more gloryfied then the actual ingame content."
,Not Recommended,242860,25249950,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,embecmom,"this game sucks... maps look fantastic but the bullet and death mechanics are just horrible.. pistol wielding OP soldiers, hip firing with bolt action rifles and primitive MG's .. squads dont communicate (certainly on the servers Ive been on)...get shot lying down behind a hill...through the hill... get shot 3 seconds after lying down and pushed into the air like I have been hit by a shell.. by the guy that now cant see me because Im supposed to be lying down.they have tried to make the weilding of the rifles heavy.. but there are those that seem to spin on a sixpence and shoot and re-fire in 1 second.. yes there are a couple of rifles that have multiple rounds..it feels like its been built around a very similar older game engine and in all honest plays like its CSgo for world war 1.. perhaps thats what they wanted..."
,Not Recommended,242860,28467721,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,D14BL0L0RD,"The game is too simple, really unreallistic and the multiplayer is badly made, they mix noobs with pros."
,Not Recommended,242860,23597761,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Panzer,bf1 for poor people
76561198065146381,Not Recommended,242860,17590929,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,PiggyBackBandit,"The game has alot of issues. One hit deaths, level designs that could use sprucing up (to their credit they do seem to be working on that one and making steps in the right direction), and a pretty steep difficulty curve. Some people maybe able to look past them but with a comunity thats lacking and can be insulting both in and out of game, I'm not really intrested in playing anymore. My biggest regret is playing it for more then two hours. Now I can't get a refund."
76561198074231041,Not Recommended,242860,22963779,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Sam Csgoroll.com,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,242860,23774043,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SilentKiller,I was instantly thrown into gameplay not one bit of control 101 i mean a tip box would have been nice! I do not recommend this game....
76561198154440923,Not Recommended,242860,23130408,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,GamerWarrior2014,GO TO COLLEGE!
,Not Recommended,242860,23159664,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Moby1,"what a pile of craaap, 5 euro then yes but 20 FOff"
76561198001721368,Not Recommended,242860,25250878,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Svenator,Nice idea but seems as if ww1 ended and all combatents went home.  Boring running around bombed out trenches by myself.  Finally found a squad match which was beyond my limited comprehension in terms of what i was supposed to do.  Usually died by wondering off the map inadvertantly.  Never saw the bad guys.  Sprint/breath button are on same key so if you want to sprint it just makes you breath.  Spawmned with pea shooter pistol that i was stuck with.  Why does everyone else get a rifel?
76561198016949489,Not Recommended,242860,24199520,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Akcarlos,Really difficult to get intom there are better multiplayer games out there for free
76561198141384505,Not Recommended,242860,26107196,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Archangel,A TOTAL ASSBLASTING GOOD TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198274525045,Not Recommended,242860,26152107,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kittowboy,my say that it has crachesand i can not play it
,Not Recommended,242860,16606641,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bonkers┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩,I bought this game in the summer sale bc the vid and gameplay vids looked good. How wrong was i it was terrible i played like 9 mins the controls were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and felt like a drunk twit moving around all weird like a lumbering monkey after bad♥♥♥♥♥♥up so i asked for a refund lucky i got my cash back..
76561198008849297,Not Recommended,242860,25246122,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ppow,"The game is a 4 agains 4 continous multiplayer. My experience was this: they load you on ""empty"" low resolution map and point you towards the enemy. You run aimlessly looking for WTF should you do, what's your goal or where's your team, until someone shoots you down from a distance :/PS: Screenshots in no way represent the experience ;("
,Not Recommended,242860,22655633,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SainT,"Extremely boring shooter, almost every rifle is one shot kill (any range, very realistic.), very slow paced aswell. Do not buy it."
,Not Recommended,242860,9389164,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Garmo,"No one works together, it's to.......  do what youwant. No one moves up. No one defends. it's just a mess.. its like a free for all"
76561198171553477,Not Recommended,242860,30238059,Posted: 28 February,all,1stRVR | Truth,"Join a game, walk 3 steps gets bombed. Respawn goes to dirt mound, gets shot from out of no where. [Uninstalled]"
76561198165709206,Not Recommended,242860,19560347,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,krombopulos_mi,In middle school did you ever make a clock out of a potato? Well the servers for this game are not quite that powerful. If it wasn't for that it would be a decent game.
,Not Recommended,242860,25225464,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,☠mankey☠,"No players and game crashes, need bots"
76561198008359350,Not Recommended,242860,23969018,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Forgotten~r,Complete pile of human waste. No wonder the price has already been slashed in half. All it really amounts to is a cheap free to play game with broken mechanics. Heroes and Generals is free to play and it is 10X better than this game. Don't waste your money on this.
,Not Recommended,242860,12533877,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Captain Boders | kickback.com,"I honestly don't know if this game is any good. All I know is that there's no servers in Asia, or no people playing in Asia."
,Not Recommended,242860,25223106,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Warlord,This would be an Average game if people actually played it.
76561198035287960,Not Recommended,242860,28452098,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,braincabin,This FPS is a clusterf---
,Not Recommended,242860,24407830,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Remix,Nice Game but Laggy
76561198126549716,Not Recommended,242860,24066235,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Skjalgrim,"Trolls and people who care about spelling. all i gotta say about this game. annoying♥♥♥♥♥people who wont let♥♥♥♥♥♥be and just want online games to go down hill because they want to be toxic.  dont get this♥♥♥♥♥♥ there are far better games coming out in 2016 soon. its honestly the community that kills this game, like any othe rgame or every game i should say. you win trolls you're ♥♥♥♥ign killing the game industry from within. ♥♥♥♥ you -.-"
76561198180364707,Not Recommended,242860,31249242,Posted: 19 April,all,a.pack.of.wild.nigs,game sucks
76561198055997362,Not Recommended,242860,23870432,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[AG] (Canadian) Mr.Bob,made my computer crash
,Not Recommended,242860,25861917,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Doctor Murdoch,"This game is absolutely awful. Possible the most boring thing I've ever played. Amazes me how deluded its fans are, too. They think this is some hyper-realistic WW1 game lmao. The same morons who think the entirety of WW1 was trench warfare. What a joke."
76561198091435276,Not Recommended,242860,25809942,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Klares Nein.,Just another Counterstrike
76561198284837960,Not Recommended,242860,24268232,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,FoxBlaker754,What is this.....A Poor Gameლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿ლ(ಠ෴ಠლ)﻿-10/10
76561198007666274,Not Recommended,242860,31131564,Posted: 14 April,all,HoodedOne,"don't buy this game not worth buying, no player, no smooth moving, not friendly to newbibut I really thanks for this game because this game teach me not to buy early access game"
76561198136621315,Not Recommended,242860,22893376,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,gidonm39,there aren't very musch players...
,Not Recommended,242860,30415485,Posted: 9 March,all,Captain Obvious,"It is not possible to play this game, cause it wont connect me, whatever I do.THANK YOU FOR NOTHING"
76561198092709614,Not Recommended,242860,32883987,Posted: 27 June,all,Feedwater,"I would have kept the game if it was 2003, alas, it is 2017 and I had to request a refund."
,Not Recommended,242860,28444646,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,JupiteR,boring
,Not Recommended,242860,8178924,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Brodaty,"Joke. Joke. Joke. And one more time... Joke. I know that this is a indie game. But I didn't spotted worst FPS since years, it's like mix of CoD1 and Quake... We have 2013-2014 or 1999? Maybe this game looks nice at extra settings but everything else is like 1999. Horrible mechanics, completely not working. What is more powerfull weapon in close combat? Machinegun or one-shot rifle? In this game you must shoot 5-6 bullets from machinegun into chest to kill someone in close combat, but you can use one bullet from Mauser M98, shot someone into foot and kill him at once. Players aren't using anything else than one-shot rifles, because everything else is useless in combat.Historical locations? Well... Flat land with some craters and trenches. This is historical location in developers thinking. Whole game is... well, like Verdun... You are sitting in trenches and trying to kill something, using your one-shot rifle. Wait. Wait. WAIT! You can't leave these trenches. Even 1 meter from these trenches toward enemy positions is forbidden. If you will try to move 1 meter forward you will be killed by the game after 5 secs. You must fight where game wants.There's no sense of using any other weapon than rifle. Every other rifle it's just different look and crosshair. Nothing more. It's Verdun? It's just disabled (ill / crappy / ugly) version of CoD1 in I Word War times. You can't use anything - there's nothing that you can use with... well... ""use button"".Realy... Don't buy it. Even for 2€."
,Not Recommended,242860,12620185,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Waterflame89,Игра по себе отличная но есть одно НО!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Почему когда я подключаюсь к игре то у меня черный экран исправте тогда поставлю хорошую отметку
,Not Recommended,242860,26469877,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Semen Demen,"Paid full price $25 for this game, thinking it would be excellent...Nope.I'm no cod-playing 12year old, but a fps like this is shocking.1. Enemies are yards away, you cannot move out of the trench or you get executed. Most weapons don't have scopes. So your aiming is useless. [They've made it so histroically accurate in that sense, it is unenjoyable]2. Weapons are not free, you must 'unlock' them each round with career points. Stupid.If you can tolerate a 1-shot kill... and 30 second respawn. This game is for you!"
,Recommended,242860,19245236,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Linerax,A second home for the Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm players.
,Not Recommended,242860,20095303,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Redox,Even Steven Hawking runs better than this game.
,Not Recommended,242860,26528059,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,StarZ Yo,The game is just awful no one is on I( played 24 minutes and it crashed eight times (my operation system can run it fine) and its not what you expect. In addition it false advertises the players there are only 2 max players including yourself. This game is just awful and I would never recomend it to anybody and if you have boguht it refund it.
76561198129665681,Not Recommended,242860,23992547,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Brendono99,"the maps and stuff they show in the trailer aren't in the actual game. When you load a map all you see is a brown blob of dirt and trenches, while this is probabaly realistic, is also confusing, misleading and ugly. wait for battlefield 1."
76561198014775704,Not Recommended,242860,24068506,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,udox,omg what a pos game
76561197971883081,Not Recommended,242860,26753161,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,garysouth,WHAT A ♥♥♥♥ING WASTE OF MONEY AND A♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME>
76561198044291784,Not Recommended,242860,28479685,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Foxareno,game looked good but the maps sucked. they were too small and very unimaginative the game mechaics were meh it wasnt worth the price this gmae is overall pretty boring too. which is sad it looks really good in the trailer and barely plays out like any of that
,Not Recommended,242860,23746432,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Corbinator. [the stimulator],VERYdun with this game
,Not Recommended,242860,31561014,Posted: 5 May,all,Lonesome Grandpa,"Verdun is the not the best ww1 shooter out there,the reasons are that the gun sounds are dull.the servers have barley anybody on itthe whole game needs to be fixed"
76561198126731638,Not Recommended,242860,31909208,Posted: 22 May,all,Sherekhan,"Although the idea of trench warfare and WWI setting seemed enticing at first, it was clear after purchasing and playing the game that that's all there was to this gig.  The developers abandoned the game for further development very early into the early access (goes to show why you shouldn't buy early access games) and ditched the game aside like a broken toy, used up (in getting as much cash as they could from eager and prospective gamers who wish to see good ideas and hard work take fruition) and having lost its luster.  For anyone thinking that even so the game as it is may be interesting, do not bother since the lobbies are a ghost town with a few wraiths that still roam around preying on anyone who hasn't been sucked dry and left disappointed yet.  Overall, I'd rate it a 2/10 for the initial hope it had instilled in me to buy it, as false as it may have been."
76561197990630881,Not Recommended,242860,28172683,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TRIPTAKER27,Not many players online. Graphics are ok. Good concept. Battlefield 1 is much better.
,Not Recommended,242860,31217979,Posted: 18 April,all,Tiny Tina,Runs like crap
76561198353859606,Not Recommended,242860,34265059,Posted: 15 August,all,Anus,it's boring and nobody plays it
76561198098088298,Not Recommended,242860,10031557,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,(GPFP) High In Protein,"Poorly made, not worth the price, dont buy it. :("
,Not Recommended,242860,28675783,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Filthy Stink,A B S O L U T E L Y   S H I T
76561198015360506,Not Recommended,242860,12673555,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,☣,I wasted my money.
76561198202789767,Not Recommended,242860,31264252,Posted: 20 April,all,Hunterchase39,played like 20 mins i just spawn die spawn die spawn DIE SPAWN DIEEEE  getting refund now
,Not Recommended,242860,11377954,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Roy,"It's just bad. So boring. Its like call of duty, but worse."
76561198211315611,Not Recommended,242860,30475556,Posted: 12 March,all,Armoured_Gaming,TERRIBLE
76561198196156691,Not Recommended,242860,23894950,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,tissiraider,did no run
,Not Recommended,242860,28460022,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SquidGod,You Die 100% of the Time. Dumb.Subject to change. maybe.
76561198051821445,Not Recommended,242860,33745754,Posted: 23 July,all,illegal immigrant interceptor,mods banned me
76561198055302307,Not Recommended,242860,29798623,Posted: 9 February,all,Prodigious,VERDUN IS A GOOD GAMELOLOLOLOL XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDbut I SUCK♥♥♥♥♥♥XDDDDD
76561198105620749,Not Recommended,242860,31671784,Posted: 10 May,all,IloveBossBaby,bascially battlefield one but♥♥♥♥♥
76561198093433638,Not Recommended,242860,30643826,Posted: 20 March,all,tatellrton,"First off, lets me just say that this game is about as much an accurate simulator of WWI as  autistic LARPers beating their fellow social ret ards at the local public park with foam swords has to do with being an accurate simulation of Agincourt.Remember that time that guy you know was a 40 year old man, cheetos resting comfortable on his swollen gut in his mothers basement, went 25-0 sniping you from accross the map in Battlefield 3/COD. Remember how you gripped that controler as tight as an underage burmese hookers neck as you choked the life out of her and threw it at the wall in a rage like your newborn illegitamte redheaded baby? Well, lucky for you M2H have managed to build an entire game around that mindnumingly enraging experience! Get ready to rage quit and beat your head against the wall with unpresendented determination.It blows my mind that this game recieves such positive reviews, when the trailer so clearly misrepresents what the game actually offers. Instead of the epic, explosion ridden battlefields of WWI, you'll mostly be playing against 3-4 people, crouched in different corners of the map, who only move when forced to by the match. Its a veritable campers paradise. Forget that whistle blowing moment where tens of soldiers heroicly charge to their deaths, you're not going to see it happen.In no way does gamplay ""simulate"" the artilery centric battles of WW1. If you want a world war one simulator, steal your abusive uncles whistky and hide inside a trash can and have him try to beat you out of it for hours till you go insane. Thats a WW1 simulator. In this game the most artilery you will run into is a small mortar strike, one which is useless against enemies spread out in diffrent camping positions accross the map. Part of the reason there are no fun or accurate WWI simulators is because theres nothing fun or skill based about being forced to run like a heard of lemmings into fields of over lapping fire to be shredded into cheese steak meat, so please stop trying gaming industry.However, I will say a positive aspect of the game is the enjoyment you'll recieve from listening to fully grown, adult men, some of whom have actual families, try to roleplay as WW1 soldiers. This was by far my favorite aspect of the game. The devs really did a great job of attracting a stellar group of asexual older men who have given up on life, and for that, I thoroughly applaud them. Excerpt from Roleplay: ""Did he have a family?"" ""Yes soldier ""icanhazcheezburger4"", he was a good lad, a good soldier"" ""God rest icanhazcheezburger4's soul."" It really is hilarous listening to these beta virgins and adult cissy men in loveless unfaithful maraiges play pretend like the little children as you imigine just how oftern their wives must be cheating on them. I honestly would love to see the look of disatisfaction on the faces of their wives after intercourse, knowing their husbands play pretend soldiers with strangers on line.Those poor poor women, they are the real victims of Verdun.Perhaps the most telling though is how few people play it. If you don't believe me, buy the game please. But be ready to return it or stop playing like everyone else has after you get an alabama prison shower style pounding in the♥♥♥♥♥♥by the basement dwelling sniper illuminati that run the matches. Seriously that is all thats left, noobs who quickly quit, and a small elite class of master race final form nerd snipers who comit anusicide until you walk bowlegged back to steam and ask for your refund. Please go ahead get it an see how few people play."
76561198178123798,Not Recommended,242860,26092469,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,adriansmith50389,this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT GET!!!
76561198185127763,Not Recommended,242860,31151656,Posted: 15 April,all,Your Local HighSchool Shooter,I CANT EVEN STAND UP WITHOUT GETTING SHOT WHYYYYYY
,Not Recommended,242860,15617999,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Wolf Eater,"The frontline gameplay is really annoying. Everyone excuses this on the basis that ""it's realistic."" Really? So it's realistic to not be able to move around a terrain freely if you so choose? The ""It's realistic"" excuse just doesn't work. This game has respawns. Is that realistic? This game has a minimap. Is that realistic? There are 100 things about this game that are NOT realistic.Every video game is a balance between realism and fun. Having a frontline that you can't cross a 100 pits to run up and down is not fun.Also there is no kill cam. Again, don't excuse by ""Kill cams aren't realistic!"" Neither are hit markers, but this game still has them! Kill cams serve a purpose: they let the player know that the person who just killed them isn't hacking in some way. Without any kill cam it's impossible to know if someone got a legitimate shot on you or not.If you want a game that strikes a better balance between realism and fun, try Heroes & Generals. The maps aren't an annoying set of ditches (again, I realize there is such a thing as trench warfare in real life, but it's just not fun after a few hours--try going through a forest in H&G, that is fun!) and while there isn't a kill cam, it does point in the direction of the shooter, giving you some peace of mind that it was a legit kill."
76561198170077106,Not Recommended,242860,23142148,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Crespy Cream Donuts,"once battlefield 1 comes out, RIP verdun"
,Not Recommended,242860,22833340,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,(SaS) Rossco,"I bought this to get away from the cheaters of csgo, first game against a cheater spamming the kill feed with headshots everytime we spawned gg"
76561198341139615,Not Recommended,242860,26752705,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,juliogarcia744,very bad game
,Not Recommended,242860,30435449,Posted: 10 March,all,KROBE,total crap now  dont waste your money on this  get battlefield
,Not Recommended,242860,23770261,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,vapex,Just bad
76561198187210997,Not Recommended,242860,30503391,Posted: 14 March,all,RobsterTheDobster,couldent load into friends game 10/10
76561198037700443,Not Recommended,242860,29120333,Posted: 8 January,all,Cajun,This game is just horrible.  Do not waste your time or your money on this nonsense.
76561198144504805,Not Recommended,242860,23283275,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Arigato gryo,game is very bac on my pc
76561198275962951,Not Recommended,242860,31688648,Posted: 11 May,all,Yannick Gaming,if you already have playd battlefield 1 the hole time your not gona like this
,Not Recommended,242860,26154968,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,EnderOfHope,"Not sure how this game has positive reviews. The gameplay isn't fun. There is literally no direction on what you should do. At least a slight point in the direction of how to play would be nice. Cool concept, terrible execution. Wish I had my money back."
76561198160058568,Not Recommended,242860,22963293,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Onyx Warrior,"bad, just bad"
,Not Recommended,242860,25238410,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ominut,pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242860,22862818,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Amphore,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
76561198041471543,Not Recommended,242860,23759939,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Scuba Steve,"10/10 best party system ever, ♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Not Recommended,242860,30503237,Posted: 14 March,all,XPC.csgo Robby,Fell asleep while playing this game.
76561198104567112,Not Recommended,242860,32766948,Posted: 25 June,all,Jackal,Can't believe I gave 6 euros on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198116755953,Not Recommended,242860,25237201,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ricoelgrande,"You run around getting shot from invisible enemies, which wouldn't be so bad but there doesn't seem to be any coordination in game and it seems more like a WW1 call of duty, not at all what I had been expecting."
76561198142003189,Not Recommended,242860,33493783,Posted: 12 July,all,Literal God,don't... Just don't
,Not Recommended,242860,23736660,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,eFTy,"Started the game, went through the first-time player tips (that were about as helpful as a roadmap to a blind man) and then  tried one of the game modes just to find out I can't play it because I hadn't unlocked ANY of the weapons. Then finally found the basic mode, went into it, barely managed to play a bit with only a freaking handgun, then got sent to the next game where there were 3 players (myself included) on the whole damned map. Managed to get another game, had no idea what was going on, jsut died a bunch of times.This is not a fun game, it relies too heavily on outside content (steam guides) to be worth my precious spare time. I want something I can play quickly, not something I'd need to invest more time into just to understand how to play a damned shooter."
76561198098543811,Not Recommended,242860,30503378,Posted: 14 March,all,Baller69,10/10 couldn't get past the loading screen.
,Not Recommended,242860,32079937,Posted: 31 May,all,isitizet,no single player
,Not Recommended,242860,22839275,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Derrick Shitkicker,I refuse to touch this game again until there are ANZACs in it
,Not Recommended,242860,30429194,Posted: 10 March,all,Djole ツ,Ahhh wated my money on this crap...
54104817980617913,Not Recommended,242860,29060232,Posted: 6 January,all,TehStranger,bf1 is more realistic
76561198025297701,Not Recommended,242860,21987863,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Ronald McDonald (5 hrs),Reasons on why you should buy this game:Reason 1 - Don't buy itReason 2 -Buy Heroes & Generals insteadYour Welcome :)
76561198024878832,Not Recommended,242860,23886682,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Failen,..
76561198093908162,Not Recommended,242860,15736169,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ShawnShepard,Sad day for everyone... A game trolls cant teamkill....
,Not Recommended,242860,25228997,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Knollex,"Save your money and put it towards Battlefield 1 instead.  This game is full of hackers.  First game I went in this guy was killing me over and OVER again... I look at his K/D and he was 23/1.Not worth it, it makes the game not fun.  At least EA will take care of hackers in Battlefield 1."
76561197972303140,Not Recommended,242860,28409659,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,BoJack Horseman,This game sucks. Hardly anybody plays and i can understand why. Refund requested
76561198240278704,Not Recommended,242860,25302638,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,JB-1720,sucks
76561198091450495,Not Recommended,242860,26747959,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mr.Teabag,it is a good game yeah but it dose not fell finished oly buy this is you want a cheap BF1
76561198173002562,Not Recommended,242860,23833910,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,phuszti0,"Not s good game, horrible graphics,Joke movement .All looks like a 15 yers old game.I am soory I spent 10 bucks for this."
76561198147472987,Not Recommended,242860,24071880,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Alamein 21th,the control sucks.....still waiting for bf1
76561198271947008,Not Recommended,242860,30463857,Posted: 11 March,all,JBayer18,Trash
,Recommended,242860,23826778,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Elitegamer010,epic and hyper realistic.
,Not Recommended,242860,15600095,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SlopSlop,"I love war games and fps shooters and thought this game would be awesome.  But it wasn't.  You can't see anything, the people blend in with the environment.  You have to stay in a small radius or you die.  You run into barbed wire you can't see and you die.  You stand up, you die.  You can't tell the enemy from your comrads.  I know, you don't stand-up in the trenchs, but this is stupid.  No tutorial.  Too much information on the screen, but you can't read it."
76561198332158639,Not Recommended,242860,28398760,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,General Warts,"don't waste your money on it... its not worth it. people keep saying it is realistic but its not... you just die a lot, and yes, a lot of people die in real wars thats true. but thats about as real as it gets. no awesome blood, no horses, no vehicals, no team work, you take a trench than you have to run away, no squad unity (you are all over the map), you die every 2 seconds (mostly from birbed wire or artilery and than have to wait 10-30 sec to die again to die in another 2 seconds, and you can't tell who is the enemy or who is your friend, everyone looks the same. don't get it."
76561198015271039,Not Recommended,242860,23769490,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Barbarossa Bey,"Game wasn't to my liking.First of all.. when you expect a tutorial.. they send you to a multiplayer battle right away, and there you have addicts who can snipe you with a pistol from miles away.Not to mention there is no single player/campaign to get started and learn the basics so you will have to learn on the multiplayer battlefield with a very crappy rifle that has a very crappy reload.Moreorless you are completely lost and without any assistance.. and the game is messed up from head to toe for beginners.But i'm sure if you like this kind of first person shooter you would like it since it has a nice theme and no bugs (not that i noticed any).In the end I have to say that it is a poor version of Call of Duty 2."
76561198031703920,Not Recommended,242860,25236577,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jegy,"Gets into game, dies.Huh...Gets a respawn, dies instantly.Wait...Gets a respawn, marches forward and dies by bard wire touch.Screw this, give me a tutorial.No tutorial.F@#k this.0/10. Would refund again."
76561198130055653,Not Recommended,242860,23873469,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,duck,its bad
76561198072385593,Not Recommended,242860,32763938,Posted: 25 June,all,lun0619,"If you buy this for milti player, DONT, there's no one.Wait..."
,Not Recommended,242860,25242396,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dryo98,"Its a fair MP game, i got bored pretty quickly tbh.the realness and pose of this game, reminds me of squad, but in WW2,meh."
,Not Recommended,242860,25217764,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BRKing97,laggy and no one is playing it
76561198362409873,Not Recommended,242860,29573038,Posted: 29 January,all,lucas.rodriguez0814,Hate it! SO slow and is the WORST game I've ever played in my life. Don't get it!
76561198110497576,Not Recommended,242860,28368761,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Aautism Spekz xdXd,"its ish, not what i expected. now analing myself"
76561198096553064,Not Recommended,242860,26403264,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,zmeya76,Give me back my money!This is the worst game!
76561198302879009,Not Recommended,242860,22825288,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,bruh fittock (youtube),it sucks it always crashes ive got into it once and then it stop working and this is a good computer dislike
76561197965540864,Not Recommended,242860,34562622,Posted: 28 August,all,Mexican Jesus,For Christ sake the videos of this do not give the game justice. It is terrible
76561198386029548,Not Recommended,242860,32765686,Posted: 25 June,all,barry.smith16,do not buy this game
76561197969127675,Not Recommended,242860,23571470,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dumb_Marine,Still a seiously hacked and gay game.  But hey gay is OK for those that are.  And they play Verdun.
,Not Recommended,242860,28605313,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,easy dark soulsstop downvoting my ♥♥♥♥ing review its fire.
,Not Recommended,242860,24000033,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cheddarbob8365,"Boring Gameplay with terrible optimization, enough said"
76561198027015602,Not Recommended,242860,34315533,Posted: 17 August,all,| BOiNG |,Real bad game!
76561198154287851,Not Recommended,242860,23765258,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nate Higgers,"if you want a ww1 shooter just invest in Battlefield 1, the one real realistic thing is that you can retreat when you play as a french soldier."
,Not Recommended,242860,28541168,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,gibblee,"definately not what most gamers expect, it's slow pace and definetely not rendered."
76561198114789149,Not Recommended,242860,28414130,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Wicked Bitch of the West,"Amazing game, if you don't care about graphics, preformance, realism, gameplay, single player or innovative design. It is nothing new, just a generic FPS with different weapons and voice lines. You get shot, you die, you respawn. Just like every other game. Only worse."
76561198071033123,Not Recommended,242860,23298302,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Rik94acid,"game made for campers without skill,you don't need to be good at fps to kill at this game. You have only to sit and wiat for the enemy comeGame made for braindead old"
,Not Recommended,242860,15604309,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,(((💯))),"WWHDGDGHFJWGEUJFKheifhasduhglaskdjghKSDGHKsdhg lkhgkahsdgkjahsdgaaisughlkuashdgklauhgkjhaklghlasdglkadhglkashldgkhaskdghalkjsdhkajshgkahglkjahsglkahglkjahfdglkjhasglkjhasdgaldghakjsdhlkajsdhgkasdhglkasdhglkashdglkuasdhgflkaushdglkashdglkahsdgDAHLKDJSH,-ALKGHDLJAHSDLKJG"
76561198061371698,Not Recommended,242860,23098686,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,][))(())(())][\/][ Yoshi-Boy,..........................
76561198008998664,Not Recommended,242860,28395083,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,PotaytohPohtahtoh,"It's dead, Jim. Play BF1 instead."
,Not Recommended,242860,25231854,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,im a fucking idiot,worst 5 minutes of my life
,Not Recommended,242860,25237152,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,grandwizard,♥♥♥♥ing steam denied my refund on this game so ♥♥♥♥ them and whoever the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that made this game0/ten
,Not Recommended,242860,32751728,Posted: 24 June,all,Moorro,trash game actually i havent play much cause it was looked stuupid. it has french army with their best weapon white flag and bugs. so dont buy. do not need thanks.
,Not Recommended,242860,30360548,Posted: 6 March,all,Aaron,"Opened the game, started with a silly revolver, wanted to switch weapons, saw a leveling system with perks and loadouts, instantly requested a refund.I wanted a WW1 simulator, not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t grindy ""modern shooter"" version of WW1."
76561198129435507,Not Recommended,242860,23997514,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DrunkPuto藝漢,Din't like it. You start off with a pistol WTF is that gay asf.
76561198100017296,Not Recommended,242860,32057302,Posted: 30 May,all,Formrunner #RIPOLDSPIC,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242860,30393860,Posted: 8 March,all,{BAF.RP}R. Pluke,"Picture thisBullets flying everywhere, blackness everywhere, mortars, screaming. You are running through the trench because the enemy is advancing on that side. All of a sudden ""GAS GAS GAS!!!"" a thick cloud of Mustard gas has hit and you are running through it while wearing your gas mask, Your Lebel Rifle is gripped tightly in your hand. Then as you emerge from the thick gas cloud you see bodies dropping from all sides, more screaming and you see your team mates attacking. You know this is going to be a glorious battle to tell your friends in the trenches after the battle. The pull your Lebel Rifle up high and aim down at the German advancing at your direction. But as soon as u pull the trigger you are out of ammo. The German is still advancing. You quickly reload but then...smoke is dropped and your vision is gone...and so is the Germans.The smoke is gone and standing in front of you is the dead german that was advancing towards you and behind him is 2 other dead germans and a small crator. The last word he said to you is ""I saved you NinjaPotato""War is hell. We can choose to kill a man...or have them take our life. We make friends, We make enemies but sometimes our friends...are on the wrong side..."
76561198193973749,Recommended,242860,30380969,Posted: 7 March,all,Edmund Blackadder,"ABSOLUTELY THE BEST WW1 GAME THAT CAPTURES THE SHEER CHAOS, TERROR, AND HORRORS OF WAR...A MUST HAVE FOR ANY WW1 ENTHUSIAST... THE AUTHENTICITY AND DIFFICULTY ARE WHAT MAKES THIS GAME GREAT....Bear in mind WW1 was not a simple stroll through No-mans land equipped with a Bayonet as Battlefield 1 Suggests Although Yes, it is fun However, WW1 was anything but fun, it was Extremely Difficult and this game captures that level of difficulty...some improvements can be made to the game such as the Ragdolls but saying that there were no Gore options and only a few factions to choose from when the game was brought out which goes to show that with each update the game can only get better! 10/10 in My Opinion"
76561198287880451,Recommended,242860,30383634,Posted: 7 March,all,FLuffy_Buns,I really like this game. It is kinda like Red Orchestra for WW1 and that has always been something I have wanted. Not enough good WW1 games but Verdun is great its my favorite shooter!
,Recommended,242860,30397056,Posted: 8 March,all,Error Machine Broke,"""The count off ends quickly. 'Anyone else?' asks the officer, no response. He sighs, and gives the command 'Squad, prepare forwards...' but breaks down before he finishes. All he can say is 'March, at ease.' The column marches off. A Short line...37 men."" All Quiet On The Western Front.Okay, i'll be honest. This game is basically death simulator but more horrific. It's horrifying watching as you are in a bunker with your brother in arm, and a second later you turn your head to see him on the ground, missing his face and you can see inside his skull. Great game, but be warned, it's traumatising."
76561198164019107,Recommended,242860,22108495,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SurgeonCrow,"Verdun: It's not camping, it's survival."
76561198007460866,Recommended,242860,10640576,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[rs2.fi]CptTightPants,Must say that this game is to my liking. The Red Orchestra vibe is strong with this one. So if you liked Red Orchestra MP then you should definetly get this one. It's still in early access but it still feels great fun to play. Much better than CoD or BF.
76561197968379406,Recommended,242860,10624145,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KnUcKeLDuSteR-,"So far here’s what you might expect when playing Verdun “Beta”:  Review Date: 6/21/2014.When entering a map/battle the game will “crash” to the menu screen, a note will display saying the crash is a “ghost bug” that is top priority to fix: After trying 3 or 4 times, thinking “Wow, I cant believe I just bought another game that doesn’t work….” the game worked!! (ghost bug remember, not always there I suppose).Got to play 2 or 3 maps and about 40 minutes before the ghost bug came back while changing maps and crashed to game menu again, so here I write….that said, the game play is fun and looks promising, no trouble finding a server with players, the game does have an old time feel to it that adds to the period of the game.  Melee is a bit easier and not as gritty as I was expecting for a WW1 fps, while in a trench I ran past two attackers easily 2 or 3 times, dispatching one, while the other finally ended my jousting/flanking attempts – was fun though -  medium to long range shots are pretty tough, leaving the overall impression of the Beta as more of a shooter than simulation, but very fun and looking forward to more sessions…my preference for FPS’ in general leans toward simulation, while keeping it fun.So, if you’re thinking about “going over-the-top” with Verdun, go for it, been wanting a WW1 fps for a sometime, once the bugs are worked out, should be worth hours of play.See below for other notes:No lag on server.Configuring control keys wouldn’t take assignment, so had to play with defaults. Others in game said they could configure controls, but once clicked the key bind would only display something like “joy 1 axis 3”, and wouldn’t bind a key when pressed, probably because of Beta.Artillery in all its forms: HE, smoke, gas, etc., seemed to be absent and a must for a WW1 fps, but again it’s Beta.Would be awesome if tanks are added for battles toward the end of the war- Campaign mode anyone?Some grit added (perhaps a bit slower reaction time simulating heavy uniforms, gear, mud, etc.)Cheers."
,Recommended,242860,7301112,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Matt,Great Game! Tons of fun!
76561198046268572,Recommended,242860,10607000,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Harrybiscuit,Great WW1 Shooter with some cracking  Maps.
76561198094810907,Recommended,242860,10658900,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Blaktorne,Awesome game
76561198006765874,Recommended,242860,10661900,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,A619R,10/10! Amazing warfare game!
76561198069159080,Recommended,242860,10478314,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Rosebuddy<3,This game is amazing! I can't wait for more updates I recomend for people who like reaslism and history. Sooooo much fun don't waste your time and not buy it BUY IT! NOW! YES RIGHT NOW YOUR BALLS WILL GET BIGGER AND UR SPERM CREAMEAR PLEASE BUY I LOVE IT ITS LIKE AN ♥♥♥♥♥♥ IN YOUR BRAIN
,Recommended,242860,10462674,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Berserker12345,One of the best FPS games i have ever played.
,Recommended,242860,10465114,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Commando Green,Great game!
76561198046492697,Recommended,242860,10467036,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,The Duke of the Lingering Thyme,"Verdun is an excellent FPS. It deviates from most shooters and forces you to be tactical. If you leave half your head out for to long, *bang* you've been killed. Is that a guy? *bang* you're again. You need to be very aware of your suroundings. One of my favorite features is the no automatic reload or indicator to reload, because in real war does it happen? No. Some of the iron sights mess with my brain but thats the joy of it. I couldnt imagine being stuck in a trench with a gun that I am not comfortable with and forced to run tio machine gun fire to hopefully not die. There is no ""design your own clas.s"" system. You have to work with what you are given in your squad. Overall, great shooter, not another WWII, call of duty copy and paste job. Well done, I hope the studios produce more work because i highly recommend this shooter to anyone who has an intrest in shooters. 15/10"
76561198091461844,Recommended,242860,10367609,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,hugh,GG
76561198109514627,Recommended,242860,10349058,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Hunk01,great game really captures WWI and i love trench jumping. many puns can be made while playing this game although its fairly easy to get spawn killed. 9/10
76561198034774846,Recommended,242860,10418742,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Travis Scott,"Great game, but It could use more sides, like the British and the U.S."
76561198094820261,Recommended,242860,10423868,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Dudemanyeah,"Verdun is a great WW1 FPS. This time period is unique and not seen very often in FPS'. With new updates frequently, this game continues to improve."
,Recommended,242860,10139748,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,zPhysic,"Very Good game, requires alot of skill!"
76561198025537022,Recommended,242860,9575214,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,rajeham,"Pretty fun game, with a unique feel to it."
76561198097186880,Recommended,242860,30473429,Posted: 12 March,all,Allan (A Bad Person),"Increadibly clunky and ugly, but i love it like a severly fire burnt child. Not quite done but still increadible fun. Reccomended with friends."
76561197974726272,Recommended,242860,10736877,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Martyr,Get this game if you enjoy FPS. It's still an early access beta but still a solid and fun shooter.
,Recommended,242860,10679267,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,finster,Very fun WW1 game.  Can be a little glitchy but overall an enjoyable experience.  Would reccomend playing with a friend!
,Recommended,242860,10059699,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Staticky,Verfun
,Recommended,242860,10077972,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Carbill66,"In my first hour of playing the game, I killed and got killed over 100 times, lost several positions, and gained a couple as well. For an early release game, it's a keeper already. Hopefully, they don't ruin it over time, like the people that made Insurgency."
,Recommended,242860,10097250,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Repojerk,The best (or worst) of trench warfare summed up in a simplistic fps multiplayer. Really damn fun!
76561198046083432,Recommended,242860,10495350,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,San Francesco,"I really enjoy this gane so far. I got it many months ago, and have had much fun running about the trenches and being blown to bits. Sadly, my computer is not up to the task of running it at optimum frames per second, so I am restricted. Once I have a improved rig, I imagine the game's pleasure will in turn improve. This is a must to buy, even as an early access game, it not only shows potential, it already IS a great game as is."
76561197995208448,Recommended,242860,10727113,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ikarus,a game that is still very alpha but promising
,Recommended,242860,9113883,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,scherpschutter,"If you're looking for a game that is a mixture between Red Orchestra 2 & CoD set in the WW1 time era between the Germans and French then this is the game for you. The reason why I said RO2 is due to the fact that weapons are accurate, if you shoot someone in the chest, stomach or head/neck they will instantly die (sadly it does not have a bleeding system). Now as to why this is similiar to CoD is because of the bullets traveling in basically a straight line... even with a 100m it's pin point accuracy as to where you've aimed.Highly fun and good game with or without friends, pity there aren't that many players online. 8.4/10 I'd recommend it to anyone who is a fan of shooters."
76561198061713040,Recommended,242860,9147027,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Goodwin,Great game would advise anyone to get it really good multiplayer and realistic expeirence
,Recommended,242860,9285547,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Boibe,"Nice game, a lot of potential.7/10"
,Recommended,242860,9301017,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,DoctorSnailTrail,"I feel as if this game could do with having a variety of different game modes rather than Rifle Deathmatch (which sorta gets boring, to be honest) or squads (which seem pointless to incorporate unless you have an objective for the game). There's never anyone playing when I'm playing either, so perhaps some advertisement should be in order. 6/10"
,Recommended,242860,9023067,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ooze,"This game is some what a border line no over all it is a yes. Allow me to explain further. Also this game is early access IN BETA and should be noted before you buy or deny! Dev's give you a BIG heads up this is not a polished game and shouldn't be accepted or treated as one! Big points in their book, imo.Any DoD fanboy will look at the trailer and slobber out right at the gorgeous graphics, classic rifles, and beautiful scenery. That's just the trailer the game play is confusing with out having a guide/ tutorial to follow upon first starting. There are currently two game modes TDM & Capture and Hold territory. TDM is fun if people are on and playing, though you're only allowed bolt action rifles it can quickly become a headshot race.Navigating the map is kind of clunky, moving through troughs, dodging barbed-wire fences and making sure to stay out of bounds so you don't die by deserting. The 4 person squad based gameplay adds a sense of having to be tactical. Though you understand anyone with a rifle or sniper clearly has the upper hand. SO it's hard to fill a squad because not a great deal of people will play the other roles.The community is super friendly, and willing to help in any fashion they can! I think that is the best highlight of the game.So while this is a borderline NO atm I will give it a thumbs up. This game will be a diamond in the rough that gets that polish and care it needs. While the improvements go on I know this game will be successful and worth while to many. Including myself, a long time DoD player searching for something to fill that niche! This game is BETA stage, and should be kept in thought when thinking about purchasing, playing, and getting upset. The Dev's update often and have a team of just 3 individuals."
76561198097546170,Recommended,242860,9025905,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Socrates,Good Game But Laggy on  high graphics
76561198030898182,Recommended,242860,9026156,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Johnnyboi,Great game. It's basically like Red Orchestra 2 but this time World War 1 which is awesome!
76561198089938629,Recommended,242860,9735035,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,AzJacka,"This game is a breath of fresh air, it is something different, very addictive, and well made"
76561198079967065,Recommended,242860,9769865,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Kunta Kinte (Toby),"i would recommend this game to anyone i know, it is a great game love every moment of it. best seventeen dollars ive ever spent if i had to rate this game its an easy five stars. i hope the full version of this game makes it that much better then it is love the game."
76561198018663940,Recommended,242860,9779243,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Aussm-Von Bismark,"A fun Team based FPS, in a time or Call of duty and Battle field, Fully automatic everywhere, Verdun is a change of pase. It changes it up and will require you to keep moving, with a rilfe that is bolt action and can have a clip of 3-5 rounds. Verdun will give you a very accurate repersentation of the frist world war. This game is fun and a goot time if you want something different give this game a try."
76561198055954773,Recommended,242860,10293110,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ninja##aidan##☺,"yes , this game is awesome and i am now addicted on first day of playing game"
76561198085832822,Recommended,242860,10505379,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,shulst,this game makes Warfare as stressful and harrowing as it should be.  It also requires teamwork and careful planning to win 8.5/10
76561198072468093,Recommended,242860,10390766,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,DaveArmstrong,Verdun is the best WW1 (and i think only) FPS (first person shooter). It has a few bugs and the textures need a little work but the rest makes up for the cons.
,Recommended,242860,30474940,Posted: 12 March,all,The Duke,Totally and utterly addicting. The most satisfying shooter that a lover of history can purchase.
76561197990879621,Recommended,242860,10364389,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Knees_PhD,"Has traits similar to Red Orchestra 2, but with a WW1 environment, meaning trench warfare.  Was developed by like 3 people so given that fact it's a pretty awesome game."
76561198036616461,Recommended,242860,10364589,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Perturabo,"This game was one of the first pc games I ever purchased when I got my rig and I have to say, it is one of the most refreshing and exciting shooters I have played in years. If I could throw more money at these developers, I would."
76561198072292360,Recommended,242860,10365748,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,JeebusIsLawd,Great game mainly because It is WW1 but it has great gameplay and I recomend it to all people shooters and non-shooters alike
76561198013117610,Recommended,242860,10367308,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Adonnus,"Fun game, a little underdeveloped but a great piece of work from just 3 developers"
,Recommended,242860,10442483,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,badbanannas,best world war 1 fps out there
76561198041867705,Recommended,242860,10443738,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Metro_Squash,soo fuun
76561198041874029,Recommended,242860,10455493,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,HzO_Sabre,Great game. Cant wait until it is finished
,Recommended,242860,8341029,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ddily,"Great game, has a lot of potential, has the useal alpha bugs but a nice WW1 game, and dev are ok"
76561198046678811,Recommended,242860,8350930,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tanman330,"Very fun, it has a Battlefield 2 feel but with a WWI touch."
76561198055524303,Recommended,242860,8356353,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[ZS]White_wolf,Great Historical First Person Shooter.
76561198077242085,Recommended,242860,8368504,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Logan Dudley,"Let me start off by saying wow! I just got this game and it is  awesome. alos i have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer and the game works awesomely. why cant they make more of these games. buy this game those of you that dont have it, no many bugs at all some minor minor lag but thats propaly my network"
,Recommended,242860,8387710,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Siulung,"Great concept, lots of potential.... Still very beta but it is fun to be part of the process."
,Recommended,242860,8392589,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,"""Frank Trips Balls""","It's an honestly unique experience that will only get better with age. The game's like a fine wine, and it's only in early development, when the game is completed, there will be something that is even better than what it already is, and that says a lot."
,Recommended,242860,8397160,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Frettz,I recomend this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥cos it does not work and its a ♥♥♥♥♥ on the old lag.. DONT heart out half the words...BEST GAME EVER IT IS SOOO GOOD
,Recommended,242860,30469559,Posted: 12 March,all,Stab .III/JG 52,"Verdun is a great game. Compared to BF1 that has a fast-paced casual like gameplay, Verdun has a more realistic gameplay.Graphics were nice, the gameplay was also niceThe only thing that kinda bothers me is the model animation, other than that everything is nice and well-madeOh, and also it features French without extra money to pay"
,Recommended,242860,8119519,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Rick,"If I were to give this game a rating out of 10, it'd be about a 6. But then I remember that it is still in beta and the developers are constantly working to make it better. Here are the pro's and con's of this game:Pro's:The visuals are very attractive, even though it's still in development.Getting kills is one of the most satisfying achievement in this game. Almost every gun is a one-shot kill, so when you're having a standoff with one other player and you end up being the one still standing, you can't help but feel proud of yourself.Con's:The controls are a little choppy, and it's difficult to tell where you can go and where you can't.Level design feels limited, as most levels look the same.Other than that, this is a really fun game and a great turn from todays modern shooters. I definitely reccomend this game to anyone who enjoyed the original Call of Duty or Medal of Honor series"
,Recommended,242860,8158077,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,TeslaStop,It's like World War 2 with rifles-IGN 10/10 would play more
,Recommended,242860,8158622,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,El ToasterMan,Fun little game. Challenging to play and very rewarding once you start winning.
76561198058227020,Recommended,242860,8158751,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kachigga,really awesome game
76561198043425561,Recommended,242860,8158820,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MajorFletch,Pretty fun game! Reccomend playing with freinds though.
,Recommended,242860,8158953,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,<<AggrṏFɫux>>,Supprisingly this game is quite enjoyable. Very interested to see what the 3 devs have in store. Well worth the ~5$ price tag it has now.
76561198106342911,Recommended,242860,8159281,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Aarzos Gaming,definatley worth it fun game get it while its on sale!!!
76561198036569150,Recommended,242860,8159705,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,"Punished ""Venom"" Harambe",Probably the best World War 1 game ever made.
76561198049020586,Recommended,242860,8159981,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Why Is Jazz a Thing?,"BUY IT. On sale for next four hours, even full price its worth it. Awesome trench warfare, one shot kills, no radar of any kind. Amazing game."
,Recommended,242860,8160218,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Depressed Soviet,I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time.
76561198018706254,Recommended,242860,8161208,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,UncleSam,"Verdun has massive amounts of potential. That said, in it's current form, the quality lacks a little bit. I would completely recommend this game if on sale/into WWI style combat."
,Recommended,242860,8161686,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Верный,"solid gameplay, nice visuals, good teamwork required. Has quite a few bugs but its still beta."
,Recommended,242860,8231497,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Yung Snow,Loads of fun
,Recommended,242860,8233855,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dong Cowboiii,So much fun. Such a good buy!
76561198054806696,Recommended,242860,8240397,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Burt Macklin,"This game is awesome, a lot of fun and still developing."
,Recommended,242860,8243289,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,straight BOOLIN,"Slow-paced, but fun."
,Recommended,242860,8257317,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Klippy,Great WW1 game where you can relive the horrors of going over the top. Still in beta at the moment but it's still alot of fun.
76561198064207216,Recommended,242860,8264856,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ZCBish,Pretty damn good game for how many people are involved. Last few patches have been big leaps imo..Try it out while its on sale!!
,Recommended,242860,7934609,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Kebab Removal,"This game has so much potencial, but it does have its bugs, but it is so much fun and Players from al around the world play it wich is really cool. I cant wait to see the end product. Keep it up"
,Recommended,242860,7945722,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,✫Bunnyman5✫,This game Is A magnificent WWI game that you won't be disapointed in
,Recommended,242860,7990100,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Hairykif,"Probably one of the best Indie games of all time. It is fun, it is different, and it's interesting. The graphics aren't the best but they are amazing for just 3 people developing it. Seriously, 10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥right here."
76561198096004841,Recommended,242860,7999843,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Star Spangled Man,"Awesome Historical Shooter, definitely check it out."
76561198085333762,Recommended,242860,8022791,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,TheQuickCoast,"Better than most FPS', good framerate on bad computers, good community, easy controls, and lots of strategy/action!"
,Recommended,242860,7865905,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Vinny,It's somewhat like Red Orchestra.It's pretty good for it's price and you should consider getting it if you like Red Orchestra or some other game in the same genre.
,Recommended,242860,7868155,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Spooktuckcasper,"This game is just amazing, i love that someone finally made a good WWI FPS, the only thing that in my opinion that needs fixing/adding is more players so it actually feels like trench warfare, because it would be epic to hear the whistles blowing, and charging across the field in this huge mass, instead of just about 12 people creeping across the field, and maybe make it where instead of someone lugging around the MG's, add some emplaced positions that troops can get in, but anyway, it is a great game for history lovers, or just anyone who likes a good FPS, they have stated they are going to add gas attacks, and spotting mechanics later on, so i believe this game has no where to go but up, get it now while it is nice and cheap! (and remember, it is still in beta, so there are a few bugs)"
,Recommended,242860,7891398,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,legume,"This game blew my♥♥♥♥♥♥off. It's in development, obviously, but has so much to give already. The gunplay is extremely rewarding and a constant challenge. It has a bit of a learning curve, but if you've played any counterstrike you're gonna be fine. It's so surprising how a WWI multiplayer game can be more fun than a modern Call of Duty.The one issue I have with the game which I assume frustrates everyone, is that gamebalance is non existant, so you could be in a single squad fighting against four enemy squads. Oh also squads have set classes (1 type of soldier per squad) so sometimes you get stuck with a ""♥♥♥♥♥♥"" class, but in reality if you play the class in a tactical manner, they're equal in any situation."
,Recommended,242860,7904896,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Tettrah,Sick game cant wait until its done!
,Recommended,242860,7910692,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,tomOwnz,I'm enjoying this game. It's still in an early stage but still it's a good game.
76561197981063733,Recommended,242860,7919078,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Relic669,"surprising how addicting it is! The back anf forth game mode is intense... a ""old school"" fps"
,Recommended,242860,7704313,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Pantha,Actually a nice a game with a large amount of  potential.
,Recommended,242860,10277471,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Dukiees,Amazing Game Highly Reccommend.
76561198060944148,Recommended,242860,30625259,Posted: 19 March,all,FourFrame,This game is fun when it doesn't crash.
76561198124927962,Recommended,242860,30625995,Posted: 19 March,all,jOHNNY,very fun and doesnt get boring
76561197988731677,Recommended,242860,7316280,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,retsiemlaP,Awesome game with a very original historical background
76561198034662192,Recommended,242860,19037839,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Civilwar,"Great game! Love it, and love the ""realism"" ;p Just hope it will go big! :D But its a hard game to succede in :)"
,Recommended,242860,15495577,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Einheitlich Germanischen Reich,"This game is the best WWI game and is even better than a few WWII games. I do recommend. This game is good, but be prepared for the killing and dying of a lifetime cause everyone usually die way more than they kill. Also, there a bit of spawn camping, but not anywhere near as bad as it used to be. It is very rage indusing, but also makes you feel like a badass!"
76561198190544075,Recommended,242860,30606628,Posted: 18 March,all,CannonBallcjt123,10/10 better than BF1
76561198023442101,Recommended,242860,19055681,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Jones[5thGA],Best game for World War One and for a different play style I'm just waiting for the dough boys to arrive7.6/10
76561198247557830,Recommended,242860,19000161,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,HexeFicker,Its a great game!  But wheres the gore guys?  Gore will make this game alot better.  Like rising storm gore.  dismemberment and blood.  this will make the game more real and bring out the reality of war!
76561198018951643,Recommended,242860,18748606,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,The Zippo Man,Little rough around the edges but overall a solid game
,Recommended,242860,18755150,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Admiral Puss Puss,Its great game. It gets you into the war feeling and action. Charging out of the trench with a group and watching helplessly as they get mowed down as you dive into a shell hole to save your own skin. then waiting to regroup before charging again across no mans land towards the enemy.  after finnaly getting into the enemy trench. you franticly glance around to see if there are any defenders nearby and the heart pounding as you glace around every corner for a enemy.
76561198003278265,Recommended,242860,18737284,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Dwight schrute 1942,"i love it! great realism! great visuals! very good sound effects!press 4 to put the gas mask on!,the only thing is that its, badly optimized. still 9/10!"
,Recommended,242860,18735506,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,MENSA INTERNATIONAL,One of my favorite games on steam. Ever.
,Recommended,242860,18739472,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,AspacedMan,"10/10 would die over and over again,again"
,Recommended,242860,18745771,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,I want to die,"A nice little WWI shooter to say it short a good amount of individual historical weapons, a (most of the time) friendly Community the only thing that can really make you rage is the non existing matchmaking but overall a pretty solid WWI FPS"
,Recommended,242860,18816173,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,otezun,"Stick your head out of the trench and die. Feel the satisfaction of one grenade wiping out an enemy squad. Be angry at your superior officer for putting gas to use in the wrong location.This game is fun to play, albeit imho a bit slower paced than COD or BF. The main focus on carabines makes it very important to properly aim before shooting.A big con is that there are many lags, but I believe the developers will optimize it in further releases."
,Recommended,242860,18796826,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,slojay,"Day 1 : Crawling amongst my dead bretheren, attempting to find their killer. As I aim to slay the murder I get clubbed from behind.  10/10 would get clubbed again."
,Recommended,242860,18961341,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,McLovin,"This game is amazing. If you love authentic weapons, WWI era and highly-realistic first person shooter games, then this is the game for you! But this is not like any ordinary FPS game, you can't run and gun -- you have to co-operate as a team and work out your surroundings.The game, at first, may be discouraging because you will die a lot. I am talking spawning and BOOM! you're dead, dying. But don't worry, soon you will get better and adjust to the game. Just stick with it.PROS[/b]+ Highly-detailed maps: mud everywhere, detailed trenches, destroyed trees.+ Authentic weaponry: bolt action rifle is the main weapon, you have to work towards other weapons.+ A realistic WWI setting: there aren't many WWI set games, perhaps WWII, but not WWI.+ A somewhat friendly community: they are always happy to help in the chat, most times.+ Gas attacks and gas masks: I have never played a game with either of these. I like how the game has consequences for walking into the gas, however the gas mask obscures your vision a fair amount, but provides a realistic game.All of these features, along with many more, combine to provide a highly-realistic, historically-accurate, WWI simulation, FPS shooter game that is AMAZING!CONS[/b]Sadly, every game has cons, but luckily, this game doesn't have that many to drag it down. Some of these may just bug me, or they may bug other people, I don't know.- Small squads- Hard to aim sometimesSUGGESTIONS[/b]Here are some suggestions that I'd like to see considered:- Larger squads: I'd like to see maybes 8 - 10 bigger squads.- Character customization: I'd like to be able to customize our characters, instead of having preset characters.- Better ragdolls and animations: Speaks for itself, really.- Smaller maps: Perhaps a smaller trench-focused maps, where you are in combat already."
76561197971173947,Recommended,242860,18960079,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,karma,"Great game, it's not a traditional FPS shooter though."
,Recommended,242860,18854844,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dandruph,"Game is crazy fun, was skeptical at first but the gameplay is really fun and the community is good and alive. Awsome fun with friends."
,Recommended,242860,30589967,Posted: 18 March,all,StamMorris,This game gave me PTSD. It is THAT realistic.....
76561198297325924,Recommended,242860,30471455,Posted: 12 March,all,Zxenx,Played for a few hours and now I'm afraid to stand irl
76561198063483748,Recommended,242860,30474532,Posted: 12 March,all,España,It's very unique among other FPS and the trench warfare factor is an accurate simulation.
76561198158140804,Recommended,242860,30466556,Posted: 12 March,all,Mr.Bevis,Best WW1 game ever
76561198035507618,Recommended,242860,9922518,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Minimum Footspace,"This game is a pretty good fps, but you can't 360 quickscope very well."
76561198091532447,Recommended,242860,9923255,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Onami,its pretty good other than the huge amount of glitches but in all it is pretty good
,Recommended,242860,9940521,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Muscular Flippers,"I love this game. The historical accuracy really shows Call of Battlehonor that you can have historic weapons and fast paced action, I mean a 45 minute match flys by quickly. There is one downside; hackers. I cannot say how many times I see hackers that hack in a game for no real reason. I mean what does hacking avail in this kind of game? Does this stop me from playing, not at all. I love this game and hope for some coll stuff in the future. I hope we see shotguns or atleast fix it where we spawn at first German Trench on Picardie when we are behind the French lines."
76561198072871735,Recommended,242860,9959523,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,✠ Reginald JB. ✠,A great game i have enjoyed all my time playing it and it will get better while it may still be in beta it is pretty good and all details have been look at.
,Recommended,242860,10198644,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,wormroom,It's an arcadey game that forces teamwork and the reload mechanics are really enjoyable. This is a good multiplayer game and you should buy it.
76561198050268807,Recommended,242860,8968489,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Soundwave,this game is the best
76561198124831875,Recommended,242860,8980429,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,vaultboy119,A fun and unique game that has never been tried before i really hope you continue this game. it has a lot of potential.
76561198059948693,Recommended,242860,8989721,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Onderma,This game is great and it continues to get better and better as they work on it.
76561198013161786,Recommended,242860,9031130,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Shroomie,"This is truly the best shooting game I have played to date. With brilliant graphics, gameplay, community and realism, it is a must buy for those who do not like CoD"
76561198056085546,Recommended,242860,17094598,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,King Helmkraft,"This is an FPS game that needed to be made for a long time. With so many WWII, futuristic, and various other FPS, squad based games out there, WWI tended to be overlooked as a premise for this kind of game. No longer...This game is about as historically on-point, gritty, realistic, and tough as nails as it gets for a FPS. Here are some pros and cons:CONS- One hit kills, which means you will die A LOT. So, very little room for error- Prone blocking, which means you will sometimes be under heavy fire and you can't lay flat on some surfaces and subsequently, will get gunned down cause you couldn't get low enough- Can become frustrating at times because the rest of your squad doesn't work together or communicate, hence making it all that harder to win a match- Current version does not currently feature other powers who were involved in the Great War. Russia and the Austro-Hungarian Empire come to mind.PROS- Lets you slip into a time warp and you really feel like you are there with the music, environment, weaponry, chemical warfare, and trench fighting that make up the game- Challenging (as I said, one hit kills). Plus, you need to be strategic to survive. No run-and-gun gameplay here. That will only get you killed. The game will force you to utilize cover, work together as a squad, and test your ability to hold a location when defending and to force an enemy out of their trench after charging thru the deadly no-man's land- Relatively good price and a great time waster for the money- Developers are active, responsive, and want to hear your input- Easy controls to learn- Many different historically accurate unit types to master and level upThat's just brushing the surface. Point is, if you like FPS squad games, this will test your mettle and make COD or similar titles feel very childish and simple by comparison. Definitely worth your time!8/10"
76561198081634400,Recommended,242860,17095913,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Mina,"as someone who has a serious love for history, especially both world wars, this game was truely awesome. the gameplay its self was very easy to get into, and as soon as i found out how to use other weapons, the game instantly became a favorite. there really is no feeling quite like going over the top, and sprinting headlong into machine gun fire. both sides are very balanced, with neither having one major advantage. the community is also very pleasant, with little to no people♥♥♥♥♥♥talking. the price is a tad high, but even so, its still completly worth it. if you have some money, i highly recomend you pick up this game. there is nothing like it."
,Recommended,242860,17098360,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Midler,"Nice game set in world war 1. Its kinda hard to play sometimes with lots of experienced people it takes time to learn. Also unbalanced sometimes since so many people drop out from the game so often if its going bad for them. Not to much that differs from other FPS, except you die a lot sometimes out of nowhere."
76561198145613961,Recommended,242860,17098368,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Peachy tiechey,how do i usemy controller for the game
76561198129862543,Recommended,242860,17099679,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Hitler,"Great, fairly realistic game with a very friendly and helpful community. Highly reccomended!"
76561197979437163,Recommended,242860,17100715,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Pepe Le Pew Pew,"Has a learning curve but makes sense once you understand what's going on. Graphics are great, gameplay is fun and community seems to be a good bunch of people, helpful when you need them. Maps take getting used to (obviously) and no call outs aside from general directions (left, middle, right, etc). Took me a minute to understand what the hell was going on during the games and can be a little frustrating trying to learn when getting killed is pretty easy. You really need to keep your head down in this game. Squads don't always work together but when they do it's quite rewarding, both in game and as a player. If you enjoy an FPS that has a slower pace than the norm (CS, CoD, BF, etc), set in the deadly trenches of WWI and has weapons and maps that are very well researched and designed with devs that actively listen to and communicate with the community I would definitely recommend this game. Thoroughly enjoying it. Well done, devs. Thanks for a great game!"
76561198094430392,Recommended,242860,17080325,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,GanjaKing420,this game is dope. havent played any other ww1 first person shooters but this one is very realistic.
76561198049079188,Recommended,242860,17083286,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,[RQSTUV]ganjira,"Good mechanics, aesthetic and gameplay that make it work really well as a WWI FPS. May not be for everyone, as it's a WWI FPSDefinitely some ping and lag issues i'd like to see ironed out"
,Recommended,242860,16875368,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Earth,I liked getting sniped and not knowing where that shot came from!
,Recommended,242860,17084324,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Zeppin,"I've never played a game where I've so readily given myself over to death.""Over the top!""Will it be a mortar? Sniper rifle? Grenade? A bayonet when I finally make it into the enemy trench?Shot for desertion."
76561197970961690,Recommended,242860,16956245,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,pösmunk,"Fast phased squad based world war I trench combat. Handgrenades, bullets, chlorine gas and mortar grenades raining down on mud covered soldiers hacking away on eachother with spades.Enjoyable gameplay. The linux port could be a bit better optimized though."
76561198074563908,Recommended,242860,16961360,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ThatGuy™,"This game to me is awesome, with the fast pace action of trench sniping to charging no-mans land it is a great game and i recomend you get it ASAP."
,Recommended,242860,16683013,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,monkey in a panzer,I cannot recommend Verdun enought to the people that this game is meant for thats is to say people who love ww1 history and want a game the represents that correctly this is not CoD this is not BF this is a game that the devs have but doubtless hundreds if not thousands of hours of work and reasearch for the game and history they love no arcady nonesense here if you are someone gets shot once your probably dead not overpowered or underpowered guns or classes although snipers will be the things that kill you the most. as far as complaints i have only  one real one the game does a very poor job taleing and showing you what controls are and how to do meany things. second most guns are very unwieldy very unuser friendly such as having to pust each round into a rifle one at a time and pistols with tiny sights but this is more a fault of the time of these weapons then of the game. Verdun truly is a great game once you get used to it with a bit of a learing curve
,Recommended,242860,16963490,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Revere,"Ive been playing for a few months, and have to say this is one of the best shooters ive played since DOD 1.3. All games claim to say teamwork matters, but this one really takes the cake. Stay in your NCO circle and push forward and its a blast!  playing as the NCO calling in fire in the next trench while your team spawns around you and swarms over the enemy makes it seem almost MMO like. The guns are fun, the pace is good and it really gets you going.PLUS the best part is the game still has a ton of more content to add!"
76561198069083550,Recommended,242860,16966893,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Postal Guy,"Accurately depicts the struggle for survival on the trenches for barbed wire. They lay there wondering why everyone hates them, and also as to why people complain about their lackability in the laws of physics."
,Recommended,242860,16919783,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Beautiful Banjo,"If you're into realistic shooters, you'll like this game. I mean good Lord, nothing is more realistic than being prone in a mud puddle, and then drowning in said mud puddle.N-not that I'm actually so much of a noob that happened, of course!...;_;"
76561197982433322,Recommended,242860,16929826,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,funkfrofred,"Verdun for me is good, it has potenial quite a few bugs but I am sure in time the bugs will be sorted. And as for content more weapons are needed and more maps but overall I am happy with this purchase."
76561198030191423,Recommended,242860,16930428,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,CluckinKentuckin,Crawled through the muck during an attack on our trench to get behind the enemy.  Shot 7 people in the back.  Proceeded to get killed by barbed wire.  5 stars.
76561198071488472,Recommended,242860,16931819,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,mail,"What a great game, love it, so addicting! Go make it bigger please, with more countries, weapons or types of soldiers!"
76561198079643488,Recommended,242860,16933166,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,That One Guy,"Day 4, I found myself entangled in wire and before I could untangle myself I was shot in the head. 10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,242860,11468185,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Metul Burr,"9 out of a 10.I bought this game on 66% off sale for $6.45. It is surely worth that. I would even pay the full price 20 for it. I just didnt know about it until it was on a daily sale.Squad based play. Create your own squads. Choose your roles to determine your gear. Huge online play and maps. No mans land, barbed wire that hurts you, mortor holes, mortor fire, trenches, bunkers, forests, fields, etc. This game forces you to work together to overtke the enemy. This game is quite unique from all the other FPS's.The only downfall i see, is it takes a long time to unlock new stuff."
76561198062403368,Recommended,242860,11468509,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,MuscleFish,"This game just blows my mind, i love playing this game. And i would say this game is the best ww1 game out there, even if its still in beta.  10/10 for me"
,Recommended,242860,11470012,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,The Lovely Alu,A very promising shooter. If you enjoy the Red Orchestra series you'll fit right in.
,Recommended,242860,11471656,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,SquireCat,this game needs alot of work and by that i mean LOADS of work but other than that i'd say this game is a very nice game for history nerds such as my self or people who love action and a good challenge.
76561198096692410,Recommended,242860,11472253,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,TeamBeer KraazZ,It's a pretty good game and it's better than CoD
76561198095358206,Recommended,242860,11472256,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,KommanderKeen,"This game is quite unique in the fact that it is a world war 1 game. Its gameplay (to me) is very strategic and fun even though it succombs to lag and crashing from time to time. You have to treat this game as it is (a beta) so you have to be prepared for the bugs. All together I enjoy this game. What the hek, go buy it."
76561198015244615,Recommended,242860,11472778,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Giggsy76,"Once you get the hang of it after 15 minutes or so the game is a blast. For me it just about captures the terror of running across open space and the joy of jumping in the enemy held trench for some close quarters mayhem!  And while not a ""run and gun"" game as is WW1 obviously, a mix of tactics will  soon see you racking up those kills. Am looking forward to the developers adding more and more atmospheric stuff to recreate the feel of the battlefied like shelling and its effects on troops, but gameplay so far is looking good and that's the most important thing. Keep it up."
76561198012710882,Not Recommended,242860,11473662,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Molly Man,"This game has a lot of issues at the moment, but does seem to have a lot of potential if the developers make the right decisions.For now I don't reccomend anyone getting it, due to it having a ton of issues. But I reccomend that anyone get this game later down the road maybe when it's on sale.For now my rating is, 4/10. If the issues were fixed and weapons balanced it would be around 8/10."
76561198002930098,Recommended,242860,11473887,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Wddim,"For fans of Red Orchestra.The Trench fighting is plenty of fun. When the charge whistle is blown, and you have to make your away across no mans land, you really want to keep your head down."
,Recommended,242860,11474053,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,DDog93,"> First game> Find myself in a trench> Lots of shooting happening> ""I better get out of the trench so I can kill peeps like in Cod4""> Hop out of trench> Get sniped> Lesson learnt: stay in trenches9/10 would recommend for historical accuracy"
76561198089814974,Recommended,242860,11474535,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Arcader,"The only and best realistic WW1 shooter, very tactical!"
,Recommended,242860,11474660,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Transhelicopter,Great game! It has a few glitches here in there. Most rendering issuses. But considering it's still in early beta that is expected. Very enjoyable game! I do recommend this game.
,Recommended,242860,11391977,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,ItsGermanSteel,lots of fun and best to keep your head down when under fire and listen to your squadmates (chances are they are alot more experienced on said map or in general on what needs to be down to get the objective)
76561198007523961,Recommended,242860,11312716,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Sycadale,"Yes, BUY IT! (WARNING: DO NOT EVER USE YOUR CALL OF DUTY SKILLS NO MATTER WHICH ONE, IF YOU DO YOU WILL BE SHOT) It currently has 2 gamemodes: Capture/Defend Trenches, Free-for-All!!! And It has some great graphics and AWESOME maps! Also what other WWI game is out there?!!? (besides Valiant Hearts) What is a better WWI game you could ask for (EXCLUDING: Vailiant Hearts ;) )"
76561198080306131,Recommended,242860,11393740,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,allmystery,wish there were more players but the game is good
76561198001688454,Recommended,242860,7580332,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,OfficialGorilla,"Verdun is a fun and exciting first person shooter, and the only downfall to the game is that it can be very laggy sometimes. I highly recomend this game to anyone that likes 1st person shooters."
76561198109615551,Recommended,242860,11385293,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,warped mind,this is a nice game big fan of ww1 i just think it would be nice if we could take control of the artys and motors on the map and be able to use the tanks with multiple people inside and fly the bi planes around that would be dope as hell
,Recommended,242860,11537269,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,5nafu,great ww1 shooter / unlock system.
,Recommended,242860,11542247,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Clams,this actually aint a bad game. cod has stepped it up a bit.
76561198053455204,Recommended,242860,11513753,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TheBigO,"This is THE game if you want a World War (I or II) simulator. This game will give you the best feel. Out of all the World War simulators I've played, this is BY FAR the best. Sadly, this game is in beta and has some errors but the developers work so hard. They will notice many errors and fix them and they push out new updates constantly, to improve the game. I highly reccommend this game."
,Recommended,242860,14330674,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Yonosal,its a fun war game really realistic. You die really quick but ww1 was like that. It is fun like hell its in beta but still its fun. why is it fun like hell?!
76561198007311816,Recommended,242860,19430597,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ofdor,"Better than COD and new maps/ guns arent paid dlc that were ready before the game was.Good devs, no OP guns (Lewis) and no gamebreaking bugs or slow development. Definitely a buy."
,Recommended,242860,15770558,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,WolfMoonlight,"Nothing but pure bolt-action rifle fun.  The gameplay revolves around trench warfare, defending your trench and then attacking the enemy's trench.  It also requires you to work with your team.  Teamwork is key.  You can play as either the British, French, Canadians on the Entente Powers or the Germans on the Central Powers.  Its a really fun and addicting fps once you get the hang of it.  I think the only downside right now is the stuttering issues.  Hopefully the devs fix it soon then everything will be hunky dory."
76561198161886041,Recommended,242860,14456440,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Patilda,Just to sum it up with one sentence: THIS IS THE BEST HISTORICAL FPS I HAVE EVER SEEN
,Recommended,242860,20072540,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MC Stojadin,"Frenchmen simulator 2015.... gives points for retreatingI love this game, great graphics and great weapons, variety of maps and guns, low system req.I died like 10 000 times in my first hour of playing but still love itFrance/10Would die 15 000 more times"
,Recommended,242860,17661950,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Nox,"IMPORTANT NOTICE : THIS IS MEANT TO BE A SIMULATOR. IF THOSE AREN'T YOUR THING, STOP HERE.+Awesome graphics-Graphic gets kinda heavy when everyone starts shooting together+Has Australian and SG server, but SG server suffers from all-time low population-Can only do customizations during battle?most gun oneshots you. It's a simulator after all. You've been warned.+Voluntary cursing available (say sorry with the Tommies)+Transition to prone from crouched/standing is fast+Lots of sprint time. Feel free to haul♥♥♥♥♥ You're gonna do a lot of that in No Man's Land (if you didn't get shot first)+Get rewarded for shooting over a long distance.-It ain't free. Don't expect lots of people compared to a free game (eg: TF2)+It ain't free. Don't expect too many BAD people. Most of the not-so-good guys in AUS server can still nail a kill.+Enjoy the not-so-full experience of WW1. Get sniped a lot. Die fast. Nail a massive killstreak as a sniper or MG guy. Call mortars to bring L'enfer (the painting) to your screen.Overall: If you like WW1, and you can handle simulators, BUY IT."
76561197992235713,Recommended,242860,20147930,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Wuber,"It's a bit much to read, but bear with me on this one. Ignore the gramar and spelling errors. Inglish is not my native language.This is an amazing game. This, for me, is actualy a refreshing game. The atmosphere, the surroundings, the weapons and even it's high amount of realism (wich I love in games), everything makes you feel like you're in world war one. And let's be honost, there are not many games that actualy use the world war one setting. Most of it is futuristic, present time oriented and almost none of it is based on actual history. In one word, I would discribe this game as beautifull.In order to kill a man, you have to fire a well placed shot. It is incredibly easy to miss your target, but when you hit him, he is down and he's not getting up. So this is quite realistic. Not like most first person shooters where you have to empty a  30 round clip in the general area in order to kill him or her. However, missing you're target can be quite frustrating, because most of the time, that person is not going to mis you.So, YOU can be killed just as easily and that is where my biggest frustration of the game comes to play. It is incredibly easy, to spawn, run toward the enemy because you have to engage them in order to get a foothold in their trenches and get killed in les then 3 seconds. Enemys can be everywhere. And thats when the waiting period of 11 second and some time even 15 seconds or more starts. If this happens once, no problem. If this happens several of times in a row, well, then it gets really frustrating. It really makes you hold back.In a way, it makes the game more realistic. It invokes fear of dieing in the game, because everybody hates waiting for relatively long periods of time. And thus, you play more carefull and you hold back more in order to stay alive longer. Longer than you have to wait to respawn and have more time and more chances to actualy try and kill a man. However, if to many people on your team are holding back, this can cost your team the round.For me personaly, if it happens to often that I have to wait longer to spawn than I have actualy played after I spawned. than, the fun is gone fairly quick. That is why I can't play the game for longer than an hour. So the only thing I would like to have changed if I had a saying in this game, is that the waiting time to respawn would be cut down by half, to about 6 or 7 seconds. Even then, the game will not be remotely near anything of the Call of Duty franchise, wich I loath so dearly. And with that I mean certain aspects of Call of Duty like fast paced gameplay or lack of realismNevertheless, I would recomend this game to everybody, because it is fun when your not dieing constantly."
76561198031416908,Recommended,242860,20047079,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,I don't sell guns,"Best World War One FPS there is. This game is realistic and unforgiving to anybody who sticks thier head up. The back and forth frontlines mode is pretty much exactly what most fo the war was. I am only recomending it because i want this game to catch on, inspire other devs, and see more games set in the events exactly 100 years ago.However there is alot to improve. I could compare it to RO2 (similar concept in some ways), which i will do.Verdun is not very immersive, the HUD is cluttered and overcomplicated. The battlefields feel empty, often you feel like you are the only one going over the top - 32 player isnt enough, maybe introduce bots (stupid bots arent an issue, all they have to do is run forward and die....). Also the shooting and movement dont feel real. Holding your breath makes the nastiest gasping sound that ruins the whole game. Jumping does not seem to stop people from shooting. There are times where you will be in a trench and frenchmen will fly into your trench and shoot you dead before they even hit the ground.Historical notes - No heavy machine guns? WTF? Again with the idea of adding bots, defenders get a few machine guns, attackers get a wave of bots to fill up the empty space. This game would be more historicaly accurate if it was set at night, and involved trench raids betwen the two sides, where the 32 player limit would make sense."
,Recommended,242860,20094258,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Scared Johnny Sins,You'll die more than the number of bullets you shoot.11/10 Death Simulator 2015
,Recommended,242860,20133074,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Inactive,"Amazing game, but it needs to be optimized. I run it great but it just has those times of lag and it can really screw your game up."
76561198057613712,Recommended,242860,20146791,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,StetS UninU,awesome game i r8 8/8 m8 no idiotic 12-14 year olds who scream or stupid russians who scream only normal ruskies who dun scream
,Recommended,242860,20138510,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Le Ruse,One of the best world war games out there.
76561198085220577,Recommended,242860,20137957,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,xXC0DK1D1337Xx,Attack time for me:RunChargeHideRunChargeHideRunChargeEnter enemy trenchGet overwhelmedMeanwhile in No Mans Land:PeekShootMissPeekShootMissPeekShot*Tab*Level 10 kills10 deaths100 ping10/10
76561198084545616,Recommended,242860,15960192,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dank Muffin,"Do you like to feel imersified in the gameplay?Do you like to have realism in the gameplay?Do you like to hear ""LETS GO LADS"" In the game play?Do you LOVE Popping shots at what you think are soilders?Do you like Connection issiues?How about Dank♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ music to get you pumped for battle?Well My friend...Your search is over...Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥ready to get shot multiple times as you run to your death because your commander said to.Prepare your shovel in anticipation of a german soilder jumping in to yo trenches.For this....Is the next counterstrike"
,Recommended,242860,20139452,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Serious Seriously Sam,"I'm not used to playing games where you get killed in one shot, but Verdun is lots of fun. Deathmatch is cool and all, but the Frontlines mode is what really makes the game. It's exciting, scary, intense, it makes everything great. The realism is what makes the game work and I'm glad I tried it out. Get it on sale!"
76561198175759618,Recommended,242860,20139965,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bogangaming,love the game 10/10 would be nice to sea a australian uniform with the slouch hat but other than that money well spent
76561198072203174,Recommended,242860,16374519,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BOT Seth,"last man alive in my squad. field is filled with british, canadians, and french, 10/1 odds. however i had an mg. kill entire attacking force. turn victoriously at my german bretheren. get shot in the head by a canadian in the opposing trench.100/10 would get my head blown off again"
,Recommended,242860,20189468,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Robert,"You won't find another great war shooter, so its a good job this one is so good!"
76561198165986600,Recommended,242860,20209057,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,8===D,"Before I get into anything, this game is unforgiving, addictive, and all out fun. It's amazing. This game masters what I thought could not be done. They have brought an FPS to the trenches and have done a very good job at it. It is one of the first games that I have played that is not all about score. It's about working with your squad and team to capture trenches. If you are someone who does not like working in teams, dont get this. If you are someone who LOVES grinding, dont get this. If you are someone who gets frustrated easily dont get it. It's for people who are hardcore at heart, as all the weaklings will be weeded out. I have to admit that at first, it is a steep learning curve, but after you get into the groove, it isnt so bad. Just remeber newbies: TAKE COVER!!!!"
76561198157670222,Recommended,242860,20213467,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,sexcaliburt,"- played as a german rifleman- named myself Adolf Hipster- Our officer issued an attack order- charge....-run.hide.crouch.lies on the mud. evade snipers♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ machine guns and mortars- saw the rest of my squad die- succesfully entered the british trench- saw 1 brit hiding in the corner- no gunshot heard.we stared at each other for 4to5 seconds. (confused if allies or not)- i realize ""i am Adolf Hipster, he wont shoot me. i will live and survive this bloody war to begin another war""-  gunshot.pewpew- i diededdddddddd-  he was not Henrey Tasty- course of history changed. no more WW2"
76561198024814104,Recommended,242860,21413998,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Insert Meme,WW1 with no teamwork. You're about as useful as the mud. Everybody dies- 200 dead Frenchmen out of a battallion of Germans *thousand yard stare*
76561198298892856,Recommended,242860,30708309,Posted: 24 March,all,spaceghostreggae,very realistic alot of fun with this many weapons to choose from the crowd that plays this game is awesome refreshes me to find such non -toxic bunch shooting at each other they have the wittiest- funniestplayer names   on line
76561198104512928,Recommended,242860,21357653,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,D_Tour,Very fun and consistantly updated! The updates consist of bug fixes and texture updates and the game is Incredibly fun when you play a full 32v32 or even with friends!
,Recommended,242860,20838144,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,MarvelousMarcel,"This game works perfectly and looks great. People complain about the game being ""ruined"" but it runs smooth on my computer with the right settings. This game is realistic and fun. WW1 wasn't fun so the balance between both factors will make for an interesting game but still scare away tf2 noobs with the steepness of competition."
,Recommended,242860,21430545,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,masterchode,"Great game, under active development, so it gets better as it goes. Be prepared at first to be killed tens of times before you manage to get a fluke kill.. Be midful to play as a squad and to support your teammates!"
76561198091961745,Recommended,242860,21436850,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,84 Days until Christmas,One of the only WW1 first person shooters but also in my opinion the only one you should play. This game takes a more realistic aproach to the great war similar to the Red Orchestra series but this may be a downside to some but honestly with the steam refund system there is no reason not to give it a try. For history buffs and a fans of the more realistic shooters i have to say this game is worth the price tag. If you are one or both of those i can say you should enjoy this game but if not I would say buy it on sale.
,Recommended,242860,21432963,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ragnar,"Such a wonderful, amazing, and overall pretty damn beautiful game (even on medium settings.) Plus, as a bonus, the soundtrack is probably one of my favourites in gaming (I do love some old Great War songs, heh.)Overall, I recommend this game to anyone and everyone that likes shooters...however, I can understand that the slightly greater emphasis on historical accuracy and slightly more 'realistic' (Hate using that word in reviews...) vibe may deter people."
76561198009378139,Recommended,242860,21453089,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Fiendish,The Holy Pope Urban II approves of this game!
76561198206935060,Recommended,242860,21466441,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ooh! That's a Spicy Meme!,"Stay low, keep your eyes peeled, and kill them before they see you.  That is how you survive in this game.  Addicting game."
76561198002955027,Recommended,242860,21444412,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,marsan,i would like to thank everyone involved in creating Verdun..a beautiful representation of the era.Ideal game for those who are interested in some real-feel teamwork warfare with actual historical design. Really happy to be able to enjoy an fps game with genuine strategical approach without all that bulletproof-skyscraper jumping-cyborg nonsense..Come join us in the trenches :)
,Recommended,242860,21455356,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,thomas5130,I like how close it is to real ww1 and becasue there isnt that much other ww1 games that actually alow you to fight in first person.
,Recommended,242860,21455474,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,_Moist,"Verdun is really difficult, but it's also really fun. The maps are also really cool."
76561198052997166,Recommended,242860,21491270,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Starterpack ✝,a faithful ww1 fps it is realistic but not overly so the devs seem to be adding updates regularly and even have a roadmap for updates. the gameplay is fast paced despite having very few automatic weapons 8/10 (will probably get better with time)
76561198046908540,Recommended,242860,21453783,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,az2dante,"You will die thousands of times, there is no non-hardcore setting. I have yet to just get wounded and walk away. HUD is minimal to the point of being totally unhelpful. The game has an overall feeling of total chaos at all times. This may sound terrible but Verdun is the most realistic fps military game I have ever played. All these things added together help you to understand why The Great War killed 20+- million people. If you are a CoD kiddie you'll hate it, but if you know anything about military history or can at the least appreciate the atrocious conditions that are real life war.. you will love the insanity of this game. Dont get mad, most guys going over the trench walls didnt make it either... and they didnt get the chance to respawn and try again."
76561198127545797,Recommended,242860,18603486,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,lunar223,"FINALLY! I LEGITAMITE WW1 GAME THAT IS LITERALLY JUSTABOUT FIGHTING IN WW1! NO STUPID PUZZLE GAMES TO BE FOUND! It does a great job with its immersion, and Frontlines has a very accurate way of replicating the feeling of trench warfare! The authenticity is at an all time high, although this game is very tech demanding it still looks great with low settings. Weapons do tons of damage and usually kill in one shot, this game doesn't cater to the casual shooter crowd with its difficulty curve, so if you're not ready to handle that you may want to give this a skip. The developer is incredibly friendly, directly conversing with players in the community hub and forums. All in all, Verdun offers a very unique and fresh experience, and should be the template to all WW1 games from here on.9.7/10"
,Not Recommended,242860,11456080,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,The Bearded Clam,"Fantastic. by far they best WW1 shooter ever made. Detail is great , only thing worries me is the tought that there might no be dedicated servers .Edit 12-16-15Game has finally been patched to remove most lag spikes, Lack of server population is hurting this game right now. Other than that fantastic game..best fps going as of now.Game is dead. Any given time zero people playing 2 of 3 game modes"
76561198088293597,Recommended,242860,29496090,Posted: 25 January,all,The Amazing Roki Vulovic,Most realistic (and fun) ww1 game.
,Recommended,242860,29523481,Posted: 27 January,all,G1BBS,Dieing is actually fun in this game
76561198244818160,Recommended,242860,29527597,Posted: 27 January,all,Billy Bear 321,"People in trenches dodging bullets, sniping each other and try not to die of gas and foot disease."
76561198342329267,Recommended,242860,29535324,Posted: 27 January,all,MessageCypher,"It's  good game, if you want an accurate simulation of what trench warfare was"
,Recommended,242860,16779590,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,MrPanda,"Good game but they should add some features like selecting spawn point, being able to use WW1 era vehicles, more guns and factions like Russia, Italy, Austria-Hungary. Overally good 9/10"
76561198170967290,Recommended,242860,16782816,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ArEa51,"Verdun is a great game though a word of advice for beginners, though you may be killed constantly by higher level players just try and follow what your team mates do and after a while you will begin to improve, the main point here is that don't rage quit after being killed a few times. Verdun is 'real' in the sense that privates and lower level players are easier to kill and the higher level you are the harder it is to kill you."
,Recommended,242860,16783075,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,YAN,"WWI works surprisingly well in a videogame format. The main gamemode pits two teams against each other, and they take turns attacking and defending their trenches. Running across no man's land while bullets fly right next to your head and people are dying all around you is intense, but looking over the trench wall to see a squad of enemy players charging you can be just as satisfying. When one team is attacking, the defending team is forbidden to advance so the game keeps strictly to this format and it works in their favor.The team behind Verdun clearly focused a lot of effort on immersion, not as a buzzword but as a way to have the game's systems deliver an impactful setting and give you clear context on what it is you need to do and why. You're not a lone wolf getting headshots between fistfuls of Dorito's, you're a scared conscript in the trenches with a pair of wet socks on his feet and a javelin-sized rifle in his hands, and he just got the order to attack."
76561198119731557,Recommended,242860,16998774,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,The Black Trash Panda,super fun its a must have
76561198127555168,Recommended,242860,17003540,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,WillHelm,my profile picture explains my happiness about this game. 345/12
,Recommended,242860,17042641,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Good Thrashing,"Run, die, duck, die, gas, die, artillery, die - very good would die again"
,Recommended,242860,17045621,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Arky,"Yea' i've enjoyed it... I would say there are minor issues, but it's nothing compared to some of the other games i've played."
76561198014737957,Recommended,242860,17048493,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,R!CK,"Simply, its an amazing game, and i love it.Yes it's difficult, and yes it's got a steep learning curve (i recommend checking the basic controls out beofre playing, such as the gasmask...) but the peeps playing it are usually pretty helpful.Buy this game.Now.Stop wasting time that could be spent buying this game reading this review.Bye"
,Recommended,242860,17052834,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,King Stannis Baratheon,"Charge, die, repeat. Like Edge of Tommorrow in a Video game if Edge of Tommorrow were in World War 1... 10/10"
76561198098392255,Recommended,242860,17054128,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,..,i bought this game when it just went into early access and after seeing it grow slowly out of it i can safely say this game is  one of the few Early Access games that have delivered on its promise....an amazing game
76561197964505295,Recommended,242860,17054446,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,hoadeath,Go over the top... get shotDuck in a trench... get shotRun around like a mad man raging at getting shot... get shot10/10
76561198027959051,Recommended,242860,17054888,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Don't comment on my accuracy,"Great historical FPS game, truly stands out in its genre with its WW1 setting and is the best realistic fps since RO2"
76561198143673650,Recommended,242860,17056744,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,BORG,This game is very good but the way it is set out alot of the games end in a draw but i guess they wanted a historically accurate  game and that is very accurate because the trenches were locked in a stalemate for a very long time.
76561198040418457,Recommended,242860,17023347,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,klim_taf_wol,"Never have I feared the call to charge more. As the Prompt to attack drew ever closer. The gut wrenching terror followed not far behind. The final call sounded in my ear, as I mounted over the breach. The cracks of bullet only inches above my head wrang with an eerie repetition. I could see the trench in all its glory. As bombs burst around me, my only goal is to get to the trench... 2 yards from diving once more back into the safety of its clutches. fellow comrades falling to the dirt with their final breaths leaving their lungs, and I could feel the excitement in the air. Now, finally I had made it as the bullets rip through my own flesh. I collapse into the safety of the trenches leaving this once loved world behind."
76561197961329966,Recommended,242860,17057333,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Immature,"Amazing game, still in the work and can be a bit buggy here and there but this game is most certainly a game to check out if you like realism World War games, ful credit to the lads who made this game!"
76561198034598470,Recommended,242860,17057637,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,CuddleBear,"You may suck at this game. That's okay, millions of people sucked at it.But seriously, its still fun even when you're hopelessly bad at it."
76561198157709868,Recommended,242860,15776118,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Taco_Dawg_,its is good if you want to die easly... and kill easily... :P
,Recommended,242860,17062767,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Redbulloth,"An extremely fun first-person shooter if you have the patience for it being predominantly bolt-action warfare.  It results in some very tense moments as you stand 20 feet away from an enemy and both miss the first shot, desperately hoping for the reload to finish.  Plus, you can get high on chlorine gas."
76561198065153503,Recommended,242860,17063278,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,The Analyzer,An amazing game. However server play quality varies a lot. I can get a game where every one knows wha tthey are doing and the game can actually progress or i'll get a game with a bunch of idiots who all defend one side of a trench and leave the other side open or left with 2 or 3 people defending a huge portion. Also some people run away from the squad or everyone splits up making your chances of survivng less. I do really like the game though and find much enjoyment in it except for people thinking the game is call of duty or battle field. 10/10.1
,Recommended,242860,17067227,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,strandedsnake,i think this is the first ww1 fps if not i say this one is the best.also maybe you should add a single player part of the game just a idea.oh forgot to rate 10/10
76561198032475274,Recommended,242860,13802047,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,O'Drunky,"First impressions as an early access game: Enjoyable, it throws you a bit of a hard learning curve. Expect to die a great many times. It's a team game I wish it had an in game audio chat. The game pretty realistically creates what I would expect World War one combat to be like. The game animations feel clunky not very smooth to me not sure if this is intended I just feel like you should be able to move around a little more smoothly and prone more easily.Positioning is a bit precarious in this game. It's a little buggy and laggy but what's not to expect from early access. I do enjoy shooting krauts who hop into my trench with my webly though. 8/10 so far for me."
,Recommended,242860,13797006,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zehamas,"Well. I dont know how to describe this game. However i enjyoed it. I bought the pack so that i could play with some friends. However on my HD monitor The shading were really dark but it was dueable,  i would hightly recommend this game to my other friends.9/10 i loved it"
76561198073399071,Recommended,242860,13707030,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,EUPHORIC,"This is anamzing game with lots of details, its easy to lean the basics but very hard to master them the one improvment would be voice chat this games needs it for the squad tactics."
76561198118983903,Recommended,242860,13756655,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bismarck,"even in Beta, i still think this game is great. There are some things that need fixing but the gameplay feels very immersive when you are running across No Mans Land to get to the enemys trench. This game has a very bright future if it goes the way it is going now, as long as the devs keep releasing updates and some new content every now and then, this game will be top notch"
76561198071078361,Recommended,242860,13672094,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,NoxiousFusion,Awesome Game
,Recommended,242860,13672192,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RedviperUK,Bludgeoned someone to death with a shovel whilst bellowing A long Way to Tipperary. Best retro gardening sim ever.11/10
76561197986935955,Recommended,242860,13672420,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,smutti,"Game looks good when you can get in for a minute or two.I bought this game in the sale,but since i,ve bought it i havent been able to play a minute or two without it crashing back to windows without error message.I have quite a high end specifications PC,have tried all sorts of Graphic settings,installed and deinstalled twice,but still the same problems everytime i want to play.All other games i,ve bought on steam work but not this one.I understand that it´s in Beta,but it´s been in Beta for quite some time now so this just shouldnt be happening still.From reading steam Forums i don´t think my problem is an isolated  problem.I´ll say yes to recommending this game,because it is worth buying if this problem is ironed out."
,Recommended,242860,13672644,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jiggs,Crawling simulator 2015 10/10
,Recommended,242860,13674057,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Da Warboss,Loving the game so far. A few bugs which is what you expect with a early access as the game is still in production. Graphics are not perfect but the gameplay is brilliant.Would definitely recommend this game.
76561198007798045,Recommended,242860,13626931,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Marco,"Good graphics, great gameplay, I really enjoy the squad concept and the dynamic attack/ defending battles. The game needs more optimization, but it is fun. But, I'd only recommend it if you like history, because you will get more enjoyment out of it that way."
76561198002653495,Recommended,242860,13676115,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mister Ryan,"First review ever on Steam!I played a lot of wargames and believe me buy the game its bloody good! I never posted a review because i am not the person that write reviews.But this is the best game in years i played.I write this review because the lack of ww1 games and because i really believe this is a bloody good game. I played cod (almost like all of them except the latest new cod's) Why? Because the games arent getting better in cod and i just stop spending money to a bloody expensive♥♥♥♥♥♥game! This game is a verry decent and even better game then the latest COD'SPROdecent WO1 feel like a real WO1 moment if youre pop youre head up to long boom headshot!NO RNGNO hackersDecent graphicsVerry good mapsRealistic gameplay (including class,guns,maps,Mosterdgas)Good gameplay  i need to say cod and COD UO where the best games i ever played and this is a game that can replace it.Updates and new features coming upCONDid do a update and problem with lag (they say they going to fix this)6maps could be moreOnly 2type of gameplay (capture trenches and dm)I just say buy  the game believe me its good!"
76561198044076774,Recommended,242860,13676456,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hal the Pirate,"A very fun and immersive experience for a beta game. While it still has problems, bugs, and annoyances, it still ends up being a very solid game that any FPS player would enjoy. It's not as realistic as games such as Red Orchestra, but it still makes you feel like you are in the trenches, where an enemy could be lurking at any corner. I enjoyed using the squad creator as it makes it easy to play with friends or random people you may meet in games. I would give this game a try because I only see it getting better from here."
76561198014625387,Recommended,242860,13746473,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,6./ZG76_HotLunch,"Good game, will get better. If you're a fan of FPS' and WWI in general, I suggest you pick it up."
76561198080292979,Recommended,242860,13771892,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,perfect_shot_si,Love this game. I would also like to see an ANZAC level (Gallipoli).
,Recommended,242860,13773345,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Quickfoot,"Verdun is a pretty fun game. I like that combat is more about movement and positioning than gun play. Its refreshing from many FPS. This game is in beta so there are some problems (mine were mainly with the menus, connections, and hit boxs) but the game was still very playable. Can't wait to see it finished.8/10 would be gassed again"
76561198042325019,Recommended,242860,13777134,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,yoboy811,verdun is a fun game in which one team is defending at one point and then attacking at another its great especially with the guns being very accurate to the real weapons but you will find the occasional bug here and there and it runs pretty poorly on my 780 but i can still max it out with 60 fps
,Recommended,242860,13758722,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dutch,Leveled up by throwing snowballs 10/10
76561198103397823,Recommended,242860,13760481,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,打遍天下无敌手,"It's a ww1 fps that uses trench warfare which is very different than the standard modern military fps , s!ick game very addictive !"
76561198101888653,Recommended,242860,13770394,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,KOREAN WAR 2 ELECTRIC BUGALOO,"Verdun is an adreniline fuled WWI trench FPS. And from what I've played, it's brillaint. You are put into a muddy trench, ethier on the Central Powers or the Allied Powers. Suddenly, you hear a distant whistle from the other side, and the next thing you know there are 12 Jerry's piling over the hill running at you. All you have is your 10 round bolt action rifle and they are coming fast. You fire and put as many as you can down. Just when you think things can't get worse, gas is placed all around you and you find yourself reaching for your cumbersome gas mask. While you do find the occasional playermodel bug, or the funny death ragdoll, it does very little to detract from the overall perspective, but framerate drops do happen and can be quite annoying. Unless you have a pistol, 90% of the time, you can put an enemy down with one bullet, and you must respect a existant bullet drop and running enimes as they march across no man's land. This game is by far best played with friends as you can start a sqaud and plummet into battle toghther. The majority of the community is funny and there are history jokes aplenty if that is your cup of tea (Like mine) The community is always looking to get larger, as we need more players! Your king and country needs you!"
76561198157132267,Recommended,242860,13771188,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mr Dalliard,"This game may seem like just another online multiplayer shooter where you just sit back and level up, but it really isn't. Yes there are upgrades to weapons but the gameplay itself will never leave you bored. The Frontlines mode is so well thought out and really emphasises the back and forth motion of frontline fighting. The game also restricts from letting people run out and kill the enemy team as you are fairly well restricted to either attacking or defending, realistic. Being allocated a certain role in your squad insures everyone should work as a team (even if it isn't always he case) and the 4 classes are well defined with various weapons and skills. The only fault I have found with the game is the very fickle connection, sometimes you just get kicked from the game because heck, you were doing well but internet said that's enough killing for you good Sir.Do I recommend this game? Hell yeah, this game will only get better with time and for the price, get it...on sale, definitely get it, in fact if it is on sale stop reading....GO BUY IT!"
76561198182041850,Recommended,242860,17350766,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,The Hash slinging slasher,Great WW1 game and is very accurate with the whole trench warfare. Maps are very detailed and some good weapons to choose from.
,Recommended,242860,17353650,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Morris,"CoD 1 Rifle only players would love this, although it is a tad bit slow and jagged on movement going into sprint, crouch and prone but a solid 7/10"
76561198029529173,Recommended,242860,17355862,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Frosti,"Fantastic game.. The only complaining I can make about it, is the squad system. It's friggin stupid. It doesn't apply to me as a solo gamer in leveling and makes me furious when I have to start alllll the way back at a level 1 squad.. No no, I want to keep my mustard gas when going on the field, not lose it because bob left and decided to go play tommies. I should get my own tree when it comes to playing the commander. I think its an awesome idea, but in actual mechanics put on my needs.. Its god awful. I really wish I could keep my upgrades I worked so hard for..Other then that, fantastic friggin game, totally worth the buy!"
76561198134247806,Recommended,242860,17357817,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Bad_Goalie_Blu,It isn't the most beautiful but it sure is fun!
76561198108134718,Recommended,242860,17359394,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Bunsen Burner,sniffed some fumes 10/10
,Recommended,242860,17359587,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,blam,"Trenchcombat held up by some pretty tight rules. still fun though , get it while on sale."
,Recommended,242860,17360332,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,deadlybeaver56,"Well, i have been playing Verdun since it released. To be honest i only played it at first so i could sit at my computer drinking scotch and pretending to be good ol' ""Black Jack"" Pershing, but then i really got into the shooty, killy stuff. Definately worth it boys, that's a burgundy guarantee. (By the way, i'm kevin in game)"
,Recommended,242860,17359935,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Two-Ton Teuton,"They got a guy with a stick, a gasmask, and a sack full of hand grenades.  That's his upgraded loadout."
,Recommended,242860,17361263,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ShadowDrift3r,"Great game to play with friends! Honestly, it is like Insurgency except set in the WW1 era. Tactics are highly recommended, run and gun will get you nowhere, except in the trenches that is. But anyway, this game is definitely worth the sale price!"
76561198129248887,Recommended,242860,17361312,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Eggs $13.42,awesome game
,Recommended,242860,17361378,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ItsNickG,Love this Game!!!!!Add Me Lets Play!
76561198031283019,Recommended,242860,17361810,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,dan the scott,"a very good game. it has beautiful graphics, stellar gameplay (if a bit repetitive), and a good nco system. 8/10"
,Recommended,242860,17362338,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,dbs1crew,"Fun game, looking forward to more content"
76561197968105853,Recommended,242860,17363296,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Sir Spamsalot,I've enjoyed every minute played in the game.
76561197977516533,Recommended,242860,17363480,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Blue Phoenix,"Great infantery warfare game, very immersive and lots of fun.Two small things I dislike, is it needs more maps and the wooden posts of the barbed wire have wide invisible walls around them which you can't shoot through. This has led to me getting killed or getting confused as to why I can't shoot through the barbed wire.I would highly recommend it as it is definitely worth it's price tag."
,Recommended,242860,17363687,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,MaxBFalcon,"Bought this game for my brother who is a huge WWI buff. Have to say it is quite hard starting out, and spotting enemies is a pain to get used to, but after a solid 9 hours of training we figured it out and now we are running headlong into the battle like pros!Graphics are solid, I am running on ultra settings with my GTX 660 at 70fps average.The squad system is simple and fun to play with, and the class system is easy to level up and gives a wide range of weapons and tools. Wanna be a sniper and troll unsuspecting runners? Yep got that. Wanna be a camper and mow people down with a machine gun? Yeah got that too. Wanna run screaming across no-man's land with a shovel? HECK YEAH!There are two gamemodes, Frontlines and Rifle Deathmatch. Frontlines is a tactical nightmare of trenches, explosions, and countless snipers. You really need to think while you fight, or you WILL die fast. A little advice, stay low, keep your head down, stay with your mates, stay low, and did I mention? STAY LOW. Basically just prone the whole time :P.You shouldn't go anywhere near Rifle deathmatch until you are comfortable with the game, if you just jump in there with no experience, you are basically a free kill for all the l33t snipers.Ok I guess I have to throw some cons in here somewhere....Gameplay is a little confusing to start with, and there is no in-game tutorial, just a steam pop-up with a TON of reading.Picking out enemies on the battle field is seriously hard to master unless you are a god at finding tiny unmoving snipers across the map...All in all, this is a great game to play with friends and enemies alike. I rate it an easy 9/9(Oh that extra 1? Sorry that dude was just sniped.)"
76561198024281426,Recommended,242860,17321715,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,simon,good games
,Recommended,242860,17322911,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Kerfo,"This game is like Red Orchestra 2 set in WW1. It is still in development and will see the addition of gore and the doughboys eventually. The game has bullet physics so it isn't just a point and click adventure like CoD. The sound is also magnificent. The sounds of explosions and gunshots and screams of men getting shot makes you feel like you are there...in the muddy, dark trenches, where any second you can be shot."
76561198061826186,Recommended,242860,17324863,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Jewlz,Excellent game if you want  a great ww1 experience and love the sweet smell of musturd gas than this is your game enjoy. :}
76561198138546438,Recommended,242860,17324937,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,BeepBopTheRobot,"ABout 6 hours into this game. Wow, what a damn good simulator. It's very intense in the trenches, especially the close quarter fighting with only rifles. Outstanding."
,Recommended,242860,17334359,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Björn Sprav,Its a great fps game that will challenge you harshly
76561197985249850,Recommended,242860,17334869,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Rukks,"CAN'T PICKUP GUNSbig insult for me in relation to red orchestra and day of defeat. Otherwise a pretty good game, but I want something a bit more realistic to ww1, having to use other ppls mustard to make the custard."
76561197964502437,Recommended,242860,17364517,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Sgt. Barnes,This game is ok and does give some ww1 immersion
76561198060743381,Recommended,242860,17365579,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Michael Rosen,Blackadder the Fourth: The Videogame.
,Recommended,242860,17366031,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Nikking,Fix. Bayonets.
76561197995574541,Recommended,242860,17371125,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Marshin72,Very fun game and was totally worth it due to the steam sale. Would recommend even at full price. As long as the Devs keep it up to date it will be a very fun game to play even more so with friends! 8/10 Not enough cooks
76561198048084536,Recommended,242860,17373573,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Hadolf Hortler,"I always wanted a ww1 fps game. The most games that are on the market today are just♥♥♥♥♥♥ THIS ISN'T!!!!First I played it on my own, After an hour it became a bit boring. Then a couple of friends of mine bought it too. It's even more amazing with friends. Do I die a lot?? Yes! Is it fun? Yes!!So go buy it"
,Recommended,242860,17374575,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Pvt. R. Gall [508th 1P]-1S,I've been playing this game since early access and the game has changed a lot. The game is really good now and you should buy it. It provides a great simulation of WW1 without it being too realistic to be unplayable. The Squads all have abillities and different class types. THe game rewards patience and punishes impusively sprinting accross no-mans land while a machinegun is firing.
,Recommended,242860,17312782,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sean,"I have come back to this game to see if there is any change, and im glad to say that the game no longer crashes and i am glad the devolopers fixed this but i think im only one of the few who had the problem.This game is great with everything, realism, graphics, weapons. it does everything great i love it!"
76561198117289088,Recommended,242860,16613014,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Animal Mother,PTSD Simulator.10/10
,Recommended,242860,17375013,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,apx,Who ever wants to play a modern and worthy follower of 'The Trenches' - here it is!
76561198204573419,Recommended,242860,17375801,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,tristan.roberts1,"Great game, and no its not like call of duty, it better! If they added blood and somje other effects like that it would make the game even better"
76561198020136846,Recommended,242860,17376254,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,R2-DinDu,"Only had the game a few days, but so far this blows every other mil shooter I have played out the water. With this one you actually have to think about rushing in, no xX360noscopeXx BS. While the main game mode can be a bit frustrating if you are on a junk team (or let's face it, you personally are just sucking at life), the FFA mode is amaze-balls. Also not having to worry about going against a suppressed, scoped, full auto AR is pretty sweet. The gas aspect of the main game mode makes it a whole different game. Think you are billy bad♥♥♥♥♥♥ camping in the bunker? Well try getting those range shots off having to wear your mask! Overall great game, love it lotz."
76561198157496204,Recommended,242860,17376273,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,shadowelite31,Great game.
,Recommended,242860,17377434,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,[Cpl] V.Lechkyn [PTF] (Vladyk),Sniped a German with my revolver
,Recommended,242860,17480482,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Joey Two Hands,Its a very realistic game and a very good one!!!
,Recommended,242860,17483382,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Kaiser Wilhelm II,"If you're sick of the standard call of duty twitch shooter look no further than verdun. Verdun offers a great trench based, squad based gameplay that leaves you feeling accomplished when you finally storm the enemies trenches after being mowed down repeatedly in no mans' land. I just started playing and I feel like I just want to keep coming back."
,Recommended,242860,17483417,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Hydna,"Worth picking up on the cheap, but be prepared for frustration with some very sloppy mechanics."
,Recommended,242860,17486444,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,lucker543,As an RO/RO2 fan .. this is fantastic.Running from trench to trench ... getting shot at ... die...spawn in a trench ... running from trench to trench ..101/100
76561198068994648,Recommended,242860,17486940,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,-JustesenTheLad-,"Finally. Almost 7 years after Red Orchestra 2, finally a realistic shooter game, with tatics, epicness and pure moments of fun.Really recommended."
76561198166546019,Recommended,242860,18016546,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,TIDylanD,this game is all about teamwork
,Recommended,242860,18051475,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,DerbZ,Great game!
,Recommended,242860,30531370,Posted: 15 March,all,Warier96[BrainDamage],"I found this game to really hit my WW1 spot, it feels really realistic and perfect for me, i wish there were even more trench fighting, there are alot of trenches but almost no trench fighting, im quite the fan of trench fighting but it only happens 10% of the time or even less, and its always a short fight, usually a 1 on 1 fight just becouse enemies happened to cross paths and not full on trench fighting with several enemies in heated battle."
76561198014620537,Recommended,242860,18038278,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sgt.Basilone1945,"Love this game, never thought anybody could do a ww1 first person game correctly but this game pulls it off quite well! Awesome weapons, maps and gameplay!"
,Recommended,242860,18035909,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Expendable Stormtrooper,"Don't breathe in the mustard gas!8/10Will be 10/10 when we see more armies added and a few more fronts, (maybe an easter egg urban setting?)."
,Recommended,242860,18038838,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Drifter808,"Verdun does a great job of conveying the brutal nature of the First World War whilst still being extremely enjoyable.  The waved styled game-play is probably the best way to make trench warfare fair and enjoyable.  While sitting in the trenches waiting to snipe a Frenchie is a key part of the game you'll also need to work with others to coordinate pushes into the enemy trenches.  The varied weaponry of the game is great, if sniping is your thing you'll love the snipers in this game and if you love stabbing and bashing heads in you'll love Verdun.  The main issue I have with this game is the optimization, some of the maps my computer has difficulty reaching 60FPS on.  The graphics aren't anything to write home about but I personally don't really care.I would recommend anyone who likes first person shooters that aren't so COD-y and more strategical."
,Recommended,242860,30532124,Posted: 15 March,all,Skippingbike,"Pretty unique shooter, I don't have the patience for it a lot, but that is more on me and not the game, I heavily recommend this to anyone looking for a shooter that feels different."
,Recommended,242860,18043071,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Sonic,"Wow...I played Verdun for a while already and I still like this new concept. If you have a nice squad  you'll have a lot of fun. You simply need some discipline and run on the field when it's your turn to run. the trench fighting is really some new concept. Especially when it comes to 1to1 fights and your foe try to shoot another shot and you simply use your knife cause it's so much faster.Since they changed their engine, you need some more ressources, but nothing, a newer computer cannot do. Even though it's Early Acces, I cannot find anything which is really problematic."
76561198062663447,Recommended,242860,18024947,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Jalen Is Jesus,good game.
,Recommended,242860,18021263,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Pavlichenko,"I love this game! Good graphics and fun gameplay, You can be so many teams, even Canadians! However, it lacks good optimization, causing it to crash a lot."
,Recommended,242860,18001976,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Black Mamba,"Though I miss the laser precision of the beta rifles, this game has grown into something excellent and unique. Totally worth the investment I made back in alpha days. Totally worth picking up."
76561198050296012,Recommended,242860,18007299,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Alcatraz187,Fantastic game. Closer to a simulator in many aspects.
,Recommended,242860,17993558,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sir Darghen,"An excellent tactical squad based shooter. It has three fun game modes, a large variety of squad types and weapons (all with different stats, no two guns are the same). I highly recommend this game. It's fairly brutal at first, but after some time you'll begin to identify sight lines by instinct, allowing you to move safely, and wipe out heavily populated areas. Though communicating with your squad is certainly helpful, it is not essential. So, if you don't feel like talking with people, there is really no pressure to. This game is rather difficult though, so be prepared to die a lot if you haven't had much prior fps experience. Value-wise, it's a good deal. I've got a lot of enjoyment out of this game and (even though the community is on the small side) I predict that loyal players will keep it alive.An additional note: the leveling system is wierd, but smart. Guns are gained by spending unlock points given each time you level up. Squad upgrades (which effect things such as stamina amount, how long you can hold your breath, etc.) are gained by playing multiple times with the same people. This is intended to push random players together to form cohesive and effective squads. I personally found this system a bit jarring at first, but now I like it."
76561198013104689,Recommended,242860,17992392,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Rotten Ronald,Easily the freshest first person shooter i've played in a while
,Recommended,242860,16049426,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sten,this is a good game in small segments and you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at first but then you get your first kill and your the happiest man on earth
,Recommended,242860,17889307,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Projectile Feces,"Love the game to bits, can't wait to see the finished product!"
76561198118697312,Recommended,242860,17888996,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,My dudes,Great game.
76561198076217144,Recommended,242860,17885200,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,d00k,"Verdun is an outstanding game with an amazing concept, WWl trenches. Need more games like this on steam."
76561198158009593,Recommended,242860,15631309,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Jax von May,"An immersive FPS universe and a good gameplay. Obviously a lot of competence and passion in the production of this title. The DEVs are great.It's hard, and demanding. Hardcore. No mini-map and hi-tech stuff. That's why it's so good.Hints:- I see you before you see me, you are dead.- you run like a rabbit as soon as you spawn, you are dead.- you don't plan your movement, you are dead.- you don't consider the topography and the map, you are dead.- you don't care about squad work, don't coordinate a minimum with your NCO (so that you can hold or gain ground as a squad), you lose.- If you just care about kill/death ratio, and only play sniper and camp in a some hideout, you are an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,Don't empty this game from its unique quality - which is about holding and capturing trenches.Playing alone is fun if you are a masochist, but is truly satisfying with squad-based coordination. Being a loner, I'll probably leave this game soon, with regret. It awoke my interest in WWI. It also made me think about its obscenity and absurdity.A true experience, solid stuff. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,242860,17937148,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PH2 Bob S (USNR),"Being a big fan of FPS games and a history buff as well, I was overjoyed when I  heard of the release of ""Verdun.""  The historical accuracy of the game, maps, terrain and weapons is incredible.  This is far more difficult than other FPS games.  Those who play COD2, with those ridiculous power-ups and  the like, will not last long in this environment. The concept of working as squads lends much to the gameplay.  The only thing I would like to see is, when a squad is created, it can be saved and your accomplishments with that squad saved as well.  Other than that, I love this game and will continue playing and have already recommended it to others."
,Recommended,242860,21646275,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,"Amazing. Not sure if it's proper to bring up another game in a review, but this game reminds me of Red Orchestra 2, but in WW1! If you're a FPS player and don't own this game, you're slacking."
76561198104211380,Recommended,242860,21660279,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,haesead,Great WW1 game
,Recommended,242860,21778674,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Shoodyman,Satisfies your Battlefield 5 needs until it comes out
76561198078618448,Recommended,242860,21775252,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,KX | SamXFive,Typical Game Of Verdun-Spawn In-Climb Ladder To Go Over The Top-Get Killed Instantly Out Of Nowhere-Rage10/10 Would Be Killed Out Of Nowhere Again
76561198142812786,Recommended,242860,21759625,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Muslim Prophet,"One of the best shooters I`ve played. Can get repetitive and boring, but otherwise keeps you on edge."
76561198103295916,Recommended,242860,21772055,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Chef Boyardee,This is my first review:Pros:Good graphicsVery realistic feelGamplay is goodNice community and people who help new guysVery large arsenal of weapons with scopes and bayonetsDetails are amazingCons:Artillery is ridiculous and is too OP. Now i know that artillery was an important part in WW1 but this is a game.There are some invisible walls in corners. This means that you have to get away from your cover to kill someone.That was all. Rememeber this is my first review.
76561198165300054,Recommended,242860,20472030,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,AwesomenessBoom,Great game
76561198114280331,Recommended,242860,21758708,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Cillgobhar,I really like this game. You work as a team to capture enemy lines during battles. It still has some glitches though.
,Recommended,242860,21494496,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lamppu SS-soldaten,AWESOME WW1 GAME
76561198050149532,Not Recommended,242860,21372089,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Da chief 360,Tries to have realisim without the needed scale.Fast kill times and no indication of what killed you mixed with a very narrow maps with few players lead to expected deaths over and over unless you're one of those people who obsess over a certain game and only just remember to eat and camps with their face plastered to the monitor trying to be a sniper.What this game really needs is more people and bigger maps and by more people I mean many more per side but the snail pace of updates means that's unlikely to ever happen.In short a game that could have been a WWI Red Orchestra but sadly ends with as a missed chance at a good game filled with little other than frustration.
76561198235085132,Recommended,242860,21539929,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,trailerpark1976,"This is a really fun game. Best played with a squad that will cooperate. Like the other reviews say, you will get slaughtered the first time you play but will get a handle on it. Some of the guns need a little balancing (looking at wembly) but  the game is still very fun and worth the cost. This game will make you scream obscenities!"
,Recommended,242860,21536636,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Huntermist,so the game is fun even with friends (if you have friends) the game does want to give you some emersion and also the gore and tairrer of WWI and since there adding... GORE id reconmend it
76561198021618331,Recommended,242860,21434891,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,metro,its a great game just needs more players
76561198018560135,Recommended,242860,21472103,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Vendrix,"With decent graphics and realistic weaponry for the era, Verdun does an amazing job of putting you into the muddy boots of the brave men fighting in the Great War.In the beginning it seems ruthless.  This is not call of duty.  Bullets hurt and you'll only survive a stray pistol round or piece of shrapnel from artillery but a rifle round to the torso will stop you fast.Making good use of the squad system, with gas and artillery or spotting planes to invade and defend properly and most important, join a group from the steam community or bring a friend because the game is tied to playing with the same people."
,Recommended,242860,21488912,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,JackDark77,"Verdun is a very interesting WW1 first-person shooter that is constantly being refined to the point where it becomes one of the greatest WW1 game of all time. It does has it's problems, but these are easily fixed with an on-the-clock team that embraces the community and its partake in this game's production."
76561198119530424,Recommended,242860,21576936,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BevoSleepo,"First off, this game is fantastic. Anyone who is in to FPS's should definitely consider purchasing this game. The lobbies are typically huge, and that's great for a gamer like me who enjoys big, fast paced games. For those who don't know how Verdun works, it's basically a low key MMO, with straight trench warefare. You fight on either the Central or Axis Powers, in squads that have specific loadouts. Good squads are a key to success. The weapon selection is great and the maps are great. There is a lot of excitement for a new update soon to come out, so if you dont already have this game, get it and you'll soon see what all they hype is about."
,Recommended,242860,21574719,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Loading...,"Better than COD, CSGO, and Halo, no joke. great game that has incredible game play!"
76561198055373851,Recommended,242860,17382683,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,[20th] DilNapoleon,"Great WW1 game. There is not too many out there, and this surely does the time period justice. It is very realistic, and is not just another COD rip off. I would definitely reccomend this to anybody interested in the first person shooter genre, because it is very good all around.Maybe there are a few bugs and stuff, but if tweaked this will be a superb game. It is a very good price for what it is and I would definitely reccomend it.8/10"
,Recommended,242860,17383644,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DougJVA,"Great Game, the graphics and animations are a little clunky at times, but the game-play absolutely makes up for it!"
,Not Recommended,242860,17384037,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,TJ,"A low-budget FPS whose rough edges are covered by its unique setting. I loved BF1942, and similarly I love the way the period weapons here affect gameplay.Unfortunately I can't recommend it so long as I continue to encounter regular match dropouts."
76561198010177140,Recommended,242860,17384303,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ardendro,"The company who created this are going to issuning a free DLC, very soon which expands (if Im correct) the playable maps. This is one stunning game. It took a bit of time to get use to the tension building moments of clearing a bottle action rifle, while the enemy did the same. One shot kills, will make your heart race as you either crawl through a muddy ditch with bullets whizzing over you or make a mad manic dash to a trench, The snipers are very good, the NCO (team leader) can morter enemy positions and have a 5 shot pistol, while backed by two rife classes, one of which carries grenades. And the graphics-are next gen, and help submerise you into the game. If you lay down in the grass or pick a bush, even at distance (which some games dont do), you are hiden"
76561198025130488,Not Recommended,242860,17385473,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Frisia,"Let me be straigth forward here.Pro's.-Weapons have actual recoil.-Weapons stand out correctly in their function (MG functions perfectly as a MG and not as a suppresion gun in nowaday military like the SAW)-Forces you in working as a team to win.-Breathing system (To make your weapon fully still for a perfect shot) makes your weapon swing more after you release it making it unexploitable.-Good walking speed when aiming and shooting mechanics-Forces you to be smart about the terrain when moving-Most stuff is historic accurate-Less Immersive RE2 With trenchesCon's.-No Tutorial-No information on how to unluck the new weapons with the points you earn.(Go in a match, select sqaud, select I,II or III, select the gun and it unlocks the class)-Sqaud Leveling up system forces you to have a permanent sqaud cause if you join others your sqauds of randoms your sqaud level will reset and you wont have acces to 90% of the perks and extra abilities ingame.-You cant cut wires in the no mans land wich is filled with barber wire restricting you to only a vew routs.-Sqaud States in menu is glitched-No option to select Attack,Defend or Move in the officer classes, the system just gueses depending on how to match is going and where you put the command.-Going prone doesnt go fluid but goes into crouch then prone instead of instant prone when moving and ducking.-No realism or hardcore mode wich disables HUD and enables friendly fire.-Some tiny wooden fences are bulletproof-Spawn killing-No option to select spawning on NCO or at friendly Trench, it forces you into one.-Atmosphere doesnt feel immersive (No gore, mud and wealth effects are meh,explosive effects are meh or any way to feel fear that would give you a virtual shellshock.)-Friend invite is buddy.-Retreating mechanic rewards staying in the no mans land and killing the unsuspected atackers more than actually retreating. Retreat timer in the middle of no mans land is one minute and close to friendly trence 5 seconds. 90% of the time you retreat from the middle of no mans land you will be shot in the back.Typical Match-Sneak along no mans land sprinting 1/2 seconds to each hole and then going flat on your face and then to next hole while getting shot by the MG and Snipers while going around barberd wire.-Flank into enemy trench if you arnt dead and beat the nearest person up who didnt notich you.-Fight in the trench in a hallway fight with your team wich involves shooting and mortars.-Take trench and defend it as the enemy who earlyer on defended must now attack as you succesfully pushed them out of the trench.-RepeatIts pure on trench warfare, attack trench and take trench then defend trench and then attack trench untill you win."
76561198064813394,Recommended,242860,17381029,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,lamahorses,"In short,Free DLC,Fun gameplay,Team play wins games,World War One weaponry leads to a kind of frantic melee in the target trench.I got this in the recent sale and if you like shooters with none of the killstreak ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t; this is the game for you."
,Recommended,242860,17386079,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,baseskaas ベースチーズ,"The system requirments are not that low, but when you have the right requirments it will run perfectly.the game is very realistic and historical accuret.i've never seen a ww1 game untill i saw Verdun.it has a free for all deathmatch modes plus the regual deathmatch battle mode."
76561198068115738,Recommended,242860,17386099,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,The Gopnik 2000,"Honestly this game is loads of fun! I really enjoy it as FPS that differs from the norm like COD and Battlefield. Seeing that it takes you back 100 years ago to the First World War, the devs proably spent alot of time reaserching weapons and clothing  of the era. So I do very much recommend this game to anyone who wants a change from the average FPS."
76561198078721731,Recommended,242860,17386643,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,gregquat,"Well, I've played this game for few hours only.It seems to be a great game. Let's see the good and bad points :Good points :- a game about WWI. That changes from WWII games (even if I like them too)- realistic. The map, the uniforms, the weapons are well designed- gameplay. No surprise, it's like any FPS game, but this game try to give more importance to the balance between the team. You have a penality when respawing if you are in the team that have more players. And you are invited to join the enemies. Great idea.Bad points :- immersion. Yes, the game is realistic. But the specificity of the WWI is the number of soldiers and shells. That's the lack of this game. I want to see many shells fall around me, and many friends die around me.Battflefield already propose 32 vs 32 maps. Why not proposing 64 vs 64 or, let's dream a little, 100 vs 100?That would transform a good game into an amazing unavoidable game.But do not forget the game was released few days ago. Its future is still in front of it.I would recommend this game because I trust in it. But without more enemies, more shells, more bombs, more soldiers, I'll tire of this game."
76561198040700690,Recommended,242860,17389567,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Litz1997,"I understand that i have very few hours on this game. This is due to the fact that my pc is unable to handle more than one match without crashing. I play through one game, and it crashes. I do not blame this game by any means, it is merely the fact that i am unwilling to invest a considerable amount of money into a gaming pc.Now to the game itself: this is possibly the  most enjoyable FPS i have played. The thrill of trench warfare combined with the squad mechanics is extremely fun. When you are able to line up in a trench with your squad and mow down germans charging across the field at you, or charge with a pistol because you are so frustrated at the enemy and in a last ditch effort hope to capture the trench, only to be gunned down by a machine gunner, you have fun. This game has great potential and im sure the devs will continue to build on what they have so far. Hopefully i will one day be able to play without crashes, but until then know that i have enjoyed th game even with my own technological faults."
,Recommended,242860,17391602,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Perkele,"Verdun is a great game with great mechanics. The graphics are great and item models look historically accurate! The developers worked and still work very hard on this game! Verdun is a first of its kind FPS, and I recommend it to any FPS fans out there. See you in No Man's Land.PSA: Good do some reading on WW1. Crazy warfare."
76561198081272375,Recommended,242860,17392714,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,C4PT_JOE,"Been playing this game for a couple weeks now - it's very addictive, and loads of fun.Pros- very realistic maps- awesome first-person effect - really gives the sensation that you are actually holding a gun in-hand- good audio; time period based music - really coolCons- landscape graphics need improvement (better soil textures, more realistic vegetation etc.); the exception being water and bunker graphics which are very good.- needs immediate transition from aiming down sight to sprinting, should not have to disengage sight first.- spawning: should be in area away from your kill zone - more than once I was shot consecutive times after spawning in the same spot (player easily anticipated where I  would spawn)- Hackers.....hackers....and more flippin hackers.  Only a few, but man it can be frustrating! Just don't get it man.To summarize, this game is a ton of fun.  Not as nerve racking as COD, just right for someone looking for an enjoyable, challenging and realistic combat experience."
,Recommended,242860,17392843,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Lorax_Man,THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN! I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WHO LIKES WW1!
,Recommended,242860,17337807,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Herschel Henry,"I love this game! With the proper headphones and graphic settings it almost feels like the real thing.and just like my grate Grandad, i die within the 1st 10 seconds.over and over.10/10 would die agian"
,Recommended,242860,17337888,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[ZFSE]Endered175,"excellent game, really captures the futility of mass wave attacks against machine guns and is topped off with realism everywhere, the weapons are satisfying to handle with great shot feedback and it is so fun to call in a mortar strike on an MG nest and get four kills.! can't recommend this enough, stop reading and play this already!!!!"
76561198021423497,Recommended,242860,17338148,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mark Tully,"Fun game. Some CoD elements, but less individualistic spray and pray. Team coordination is rewarded, while lone-hero style gameplay is punished. Interesting classes and weapons. Very good for a game still in beta, can't wait for the full version!"
76561198206177393,Not Recommended,242860,17339734,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Josh_hip_hop,Im having problems starting the game up?it wont connect says my fire wall is up.soo i shut that off still doesnt work...can someone help me
76561198142287007,Recommended,242860,17340188,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Pvt Popcorn,verdun is a great game. its realy realistic.  there is more work to be  done  like making bulllet render more and  unblanced teams but apart from that everythings positive.
76561198006524981,Recommended,242860,17342428,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Stemothy,"This game has a small but very good community and is easily learned. If youre teetering on the fence of whether or not to get this game I do recommend it as it very fun with stunning maps and at times, very intense fighting, especially when rushing into some gas with your mask on!"
,Recommended,242860,17342715,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Tom Fortress,"I like dying a lot, so this is a great game for me10/10"
76561198145428563,Recommended,242860,16195450,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,remington700fan,"The game is a good balanced game, but the hit detection is sometimes garbage and the game has a glitche where enemy's will teleport 4 feet away while your shooting at them. Also trying to get passed a teammate in a trench is very annoying sometimes."
,Recommended,242860,16180428,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Pyronithious,This game makes me feel like im actually at war.
,Recommended,242860,16164617,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,☭КГБ☭,I spawned hit w to run forward and got mowed down by either machine guns or rifles 10/10 because videya
,Recommended,242860,16165219,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,AethyrMipe,Simply amazing.
,Recommended,242860,16178951,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,drewpuppyx,"It's very intense, few screaming rage kids, and generally not too much stacking (only really late at night). The only gripes are some of the close range shooting mechanics can be wonky (lag sometimes, clipping others) and lag can and will happen at times. Truthfully, it's something they can fix.It's a good, intense game. If you like ARMA, Insurgency, and more tactical games, you'll dig this."
76561198042715311,Recommended,242860,16179361,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,littlek353,"Fun WW1 game, not many like it or out there."
,Recommended,242860,16536241,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,KrustyKrabPizza,FOKN ARTILLERY M8!
,Recommended,242860,16536756,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,baldwin123,Very fun but it's a unusual game that's what I like about it. If you're wanting to try a new game this would be one of the games I would recommend to new players.
,Recommended,242860,12525571,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Doser,Needs Giant Robot Dinos that shoot lazers out of their eyes....Other than that a great game!
,Recommended,242860,16356957,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Easy Red,spawned in the trenchswitched to defencecame across german with an mp18 mowed me down again and again10/10 would get mp18'nd again
,Recommended,242860,16360720,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,That-Dude,"If there was a WW1 Version of RO2, this would be it."
,Recommended,242860,13650541,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tvturndown,Pretty Awesome Game!10/10
76561198008523731,Recommended,242860,16396735,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Do ut des,"Decent game. Nothing too special about it. The graphics are good and the concepts are great. The movement and basic feel is a bit clunky, and there is no leaning. One hit always seems to do the trick in killing anyone, so the game is about being able to move unshot, as you only get one bullet to possibly error with. The sound is great, if not somewhat caustic to the ears. An experience I assume is close to the shell shock rendering blasts of ww1.Summery: good game graphically and conceptually. Average game in movement. They need to make the game a standard $15, and steam sale it for %30; otherwise, the multiplayer community will not have neough base players and newcomers to keep the game in market cirulation and provide its community with long term playability. WIth so many games out there, the need to have a large customer base, and people continually playing it (with those occasionally buying it a year or two from now), demands the price drop and the game expand in maps or game types (in the least).I forsee the game dying out in 5 months, unless the game has an increase in interest; driven by price and expendable income and curiosity in the customer, or hype (expanded game that one ""must"" tryout). Having a better movement system might impress reviewers enough to promo the game as well. For now, it feels like Counter Strike in ww1. Personally, I hate counterstrike, after having played so many better and more emotonally stimulating and episodically immersed games based on historical genera."
76561198025321284,Recommended,242860,16400957,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Helghast Chen,"Plays smoothly, no crippling bugs or anything like that. Learning curve is quite high, so be prepared to suffer a few beatings in your first 24 or so hours. The telescopic scope is a bit of a hassle to look through, trimming down the size of it by a little bit would be very nice. The atmosphere is bang on, from the sounds of your equipment rattling on you as you run to the detail put into recreating the feel of the first world war.Overall 8.5/10 would highly recommend."
,Recommended,242860,16403063,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Stanoslav,10/10 game srs.
76561198035493240,Recommended,242860,16403249,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bertram Wooster,This is the best online multiplayer experience that I have ever experienced.
76561198069293456,Recommended,242860,16404148,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Simonisthenameofmycat,i bought it in beta and i loved it instantly i would recomend it to anyone intrested in ww1
76561198118373784,Recommended,242860,16405391,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SUBorLIEKz_Crapizaoid,this game was AMAZING
,Recommended,242860,16385005,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,diablo_is_here,"Fun and hard, it is nothing that I had played before and you need some good skills to master it :)"
76561198157498486,Recommended,242860,16385703,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Trigger_happY,Very good very realistic just as long as your team mates dont play like their playing COD ;) loved playing every minute
76561198090153870,Recommended,242860,22064209,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Nic386,"Got ""Eagle Eye"" (Kill and enemy from over 100 meters) from firing panicked into bushs.10/10 would spend more time respawning then playing again.Respawns are too long (like 20-30 seconds last time I played) for dying from 1-2 shots. I think they should loyer that to maximum 10 seconds. I dont mind dying a lot, it's just annoying to have to wait a long time to run out and die in 5 seconds again.  But they may have already done that so other then that really good game."
76561197998634873,Recommended,242860,22089700,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,TransformerXth,"highly recommended !This is no game, it`s a simulation."
19833754942098024,Recommended,242860,22028427,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,YOU GOT A HOLE IN YOUR LEFT WING,"I think everyone who has ever played this game, can confirm that 90% of the time, their last words were:""Is that a piece of terrain or an enemy?""And then got their answer soon after.The other 10%?""Was that a grenade?""Pretty realistic if you ask me.10/10 limb-identifying-sim 1914-1918"
76561198081506369,Recommended,242860,22028547,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,roscleere96,"ITS NOT PAY TO WIN!!!Now that I probably have your attention.Its a pretty fun game. Also the only game that I know that lets you get points retreating as the French. If you're looking for a challenge you've come to the right place as Verdun sure as hell has it. You will probably sorry scratch that you will get your butt handed to you in this game  before you start playing it properly. Verdun requires a lot of skill, patience and time and if that sounds like a game you'd like to play this is most certainly the one for you. The community is also pretty solid not once have I ever had a bad time with the community in other words no 12 year olds screaming down their mics thinking they're 'MLG Pro'. Its also got a really cool update with gore a night time mode and I think 40 new weapons. The devs are constantly listening to the community and that's really good as well as that it gets pretty regular updates from them to the community."
,Recommended,242860,22028758,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Max-Flex-Ultra,"10/10 - Would run accross no mans land, thru Artillary fire, into the enemy trench, with only a pistol and some granades again."
,Recommended,242860,22019203,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,[GGC] Rieggs,"You look around your trench, at the mud and filth you are told to defend. Spindly toothpicks, which were once trees, stick up here and there on the edges. The sky is an oily black, whether from clouds or from smoke, you aren't sure.""Hold this position lads!"" The NCO screams, crouching nearby a small slit in the barbed wire and sandbags of your battered fortifications. He clutches a Webley six-shot pistol in his hand, and despite his proper attire (cap, coat, and all, like a proper British soldier), he is covered in filth, and his eyes are sunken into his skull by weeks of unbroken horror. He cares not what happens to him anymore—he is simply concerned with preserving his men through what is about to happen.There's artillery fire. You hear it, distinctly closer than usual. You look up to see the shells streaking across the black sky, hanging in the air for what seems like minutes... then the first ones fall. Short of your trench, in no-man's land, churning up the corpses of horses and men, kneading the dough for the ovens of hell. The next ones hit closer. Five meters. You huddle under the limp overhang above you, simply hoping you are spared.BANG! BANG! BANG! Your ears ring and vision blurs. Then silence—the barrage is over. Which means the attack is about to begin. Nary a hundred meters out, their whistles ring out, and you hear the officers scream, with shrill emotionlessness, ""ANGRIFF!"" just before there is an eruption of gunfire.The Frenchmen on your left open up with their chauchat machine gun and Berthier rifles. There are already screams all around you; some of emotion, anger, fear, and others of blind pain as the lives of young men are stolen away.Your faithful NCO stands up, baring his pistol, and empties all six rounds downrange, just as you see a German drop into the trench beside him, his Stahlhelm glinting in the faint light of the distant sun. You raise your Enfield rifle, ready to fire, but alas, too late for your comrade, whose abdomen is run through by a Gewehr 98 bayonet. You fire, and your aim is true. One German falls, you snap your bolt back, then forward. Another man is in your sights, and, heart pounding, you just barely manage to catch him in the chest.More whistles, and a cheer from your trench. They're retreating!Only a moment does your joy last, for the words ""prepare to attack"" are uttered before the enemy have even reached their side again. As you and your comrades step over the eviscerated corpses of your friends to launch another futile raid into the hellscape of Western Europe, circa 1918, you may wonder how man could bring himself to fight any more wars after such a thing took place.These things described here all happen in a typical Verdun match. The combat is dynamic and visceral, the models and animations are excellent, the sounds are snappy and dense, and the community is full of friendly, yet serious players. The developers are dedicated, fast, and updates (and recently, expansions!) are FREE. GRATIS.If you are at all interested in history, or warfighting in general, do yourself a favor and experience Verdun.If only to remember the war to end all wars."
,Recommended,242860,11391375,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,HydraliskMarineSC2 [TH],Geart War
,Recommended,242860,22028183,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,OldNewb#YOLO,Risently they have updated the game and now it's runnig great.
,Recommended,242860,22068230,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CroPro,"Dear 14y old COD kiddies, here I give you 5 reasons why you should definitely stay away from this game:1. No kniferunning.2. No quickscoping.3. No ""spray and pray"" bulls**t. More than half of the carefully researched authentical WW1 weapons arsenal is bolt-action4. Don't give a f*** about teammates? You wont be having lots of fun playing Verdun then!5. Never got interested in atmospherical shooters trying to make war as realistic as possible without hiding the ugly side of it? Good, keep playing Call of Duty.With kind regards,CroPro"
76561198043052208,Recommended,242860,22068334,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,seizetheday4eva,"Really enjoying this game, graphics in 4K are much better than i expected, textures are detailed. The game has nice levels although would love to see more. If you want a WW1 game that is challenging then you can't go wrong."
,Recommended,242860,22068645,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,The Muffin Man,"I am horrible at this game. It takes a huge learning curve and I rage alot due to how much I suck at it. That being said, buy it. It's an awesome and addictive game."
,Recommended,242860,22067890,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Expert,"Firstly, this game is really good. the fps are ok, good first person shooter and really diffucult getting kills.secondly it broke for me and will happen to others but for me its completely broken and i can not run it anymore.a crash file pops up in the verdun folder every time i load up the game.if anyone has somesort of fix or any ideas how to fix it please notify me :)i have bought it again and still happens i have an idea to buy a new computer but cant afford a new one. so i am stuck untill i get enough money.20/10 would shoot a bullet and die instantly."
76561198022948412,Recommended,242860,22078092,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,PURE$4V4G3,"Had this game for a minute, haven't had the chance to play much, but I'll say damn it's in my top 5 fps of all time. The immersion is total, and the  battles are violent, and chaotic. 5/5"
,Recommended,242860,30741134,Posted: 25 March,all,-SLH- Achtung_Andrew,More like Verdfun
,Recommended,242860,15654598,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,I AM IMPURE.,I Crawled: The Game.
,Recommended,242860,22074053,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Blue,Very good game!
,Recommended,242860,21899019,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Dijon,"Great game from an era not explored much in games these days. Gunplay feels solid, explosions sound great. There's not too many maps, but there's about as many as there needs to be. I've noticed some latency issues (being shot around corners) but I can forgive that due to the not-so-massive playerbase forcing the game to match people who don't have fantastic connections. My ping is usually around 100, which is acceptable but not ideal. Aside from that, I find this game to be a blast to play."
76561198016404436,Recommended,242860,21901687,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,injecta,"I can only play this game for a few rounds at a time. It's really that intense.Bolt action FPS where the tactics that work are the same one's from WWI.There are no power ups or med kits or resupply or any of that other crap. It's just you, your squad and what you've got on you.Over the top boys!... Charge!!!!"
,Recommended,242860,22007950,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Roghisnzas,"Totally worth buying it, after todays update."
76561198058659608,Recommended,242860,21717639,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Albatross!,"*Update*Amazing DLC. Huge amount of new content. And its free.Really good in a lot of ways. If you're interested in WW1 and like the FPS genre it's a win for sure. It's biggest flaws are technical ones: mostly in the form of ugly performance slogs here and there.It's core gameplay is a little different than that of your more traditional FPS. It's like a game of prairie dogs with rifles. You take cover, they take cover, if a head pops out of a crater or trench its probably going to get shot off. If you stay in cover too long; prepare for some shell fire.Your team, made of 4 squads of 4, fights over positions. Win the position; advance to the next. Lose: retreat from the forward trench to reinforcement trench.Good fun. Would recommend to patient players with historical interests."
,Recommended,242860,16576191,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GreaseMonkey,"Spent 6-7 minutes shooting enemies approaching our mudhole, another 10-15 shooting the ones that made it to our mudhole, then another 30 dying attacking the enemies mudhole10/10 realistic WWI expierience"
76561198072789023,Recommended,242860,16578005,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Conoodler,Verdun Is a great game! Realistic fun and not all about who has the highest ROF. Me and my friends play this game together and have a blast doing it even when were losing. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a bit more challenge in an FPS game. 10/10!
76561198042319307,Recommended,242860,16578534,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Momo-san,"if you are a WWI fan, this is the game for you.realistic squad based first person shooter with authentic maps and weaponry. unlike a lot of spray-and-pray tactic in a lot of other shooters, Verdun's trench warfare tactics are quite difficult but once you get the grip of it it's very fun. don't venture out like a lone hero. you have to work together as a team and you'll get the objective done.9/10"
,Recommended,242860,16578605,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,what's crackin'?,Love it.
76561198110558330,Recommended,242860,16369803,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dudemanrod420,the best ww1 game ive played ever i love this game when i got it in early access stage would highly reccomend this game to anyone
76561198078064685,Recommended,242860,16372225,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rhodie Chink,One of the most fun first person shooters available at the moment and the only world war one themed game to my knowledge.
76561198070741379,Recommended,242860,16446955,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Prophet,"WAR IS HELL-James Willems,FunHaus member."
76561198072703324,Recommended,242860,15642271,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,-=SV KellerSensei=-,"I really recommend this gameand I got 1 word for the game: FANTASTIC.And if you are thinking of buying, you definetly should buy it.Graphics and every single detail is 100% like looking on it in IRL"
,Recommended,242860,15671074,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Seaneeboy1,"It's honestly a great game, and if you are on edge, don't be. Buy it, and you'll thank yourself later. Just get past the initial death or 10, and you'll start to see the beauty in what this game is - awesome."
,Recommended,242860,15671250,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,barfbot,rifle deathmatch for shooting mans
76561198021782820,Recommended,242860,15671845,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,сверхамбициозный,great ww1 game
76561198138486647,Recommended,242860,15548248,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,BEEFBOMBER,Just watching the french get killed over and over again is brilliant.
76561198225179152,Recommended,242860,15548877,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,UMMBRAINSS,the game is awsome but it freezes when ever i enter a match =[
,Recommended,242860,15549507,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Zyklone,"What an (accurate) amazing game.  1/2 of the developing was research and it was well worth it, I did some research myself and this game is 100% accurate with the guns, the characters and the guns they used, and much more. Well worth 22$ or more/less.  I expect this game to turn out amazing.  Plus no ♥♥♥♥ing stupid 'DLC' like DICE and EA does.  Hopefully i'll see you guys out there."
76561198012524009,Recommended,242860,15549818,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Pekkaen,"Bought it today and played it a few hours, the game delivers what it tells you it does :D (That dosnt really happen often on Steam).But back to the game, its a great game and alot of fun. At first it might be confusing when it comes to unlocking weapons and getting the hang of it. but when you first do its an awesome game. Its not your typical FPS where you can get shot 15 times and turn around and kill the guy shooting you, if you get hit you get hit and most of the times dies. It takes teamwork to win, since you can easily get out flanked if the team dosnt cover the sides, a good proof is those times when 1 guy takes his shovel and run thru the trench slaying everyone because they dont pay attention ;)Only bad part about this is that its not alot of people playing yet, so the european server is kind of dead when its late / at night time."
76561198153838347,Recommended,242860,15551252,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,bobtaco,This game may not be good at first. But when you play for a half hour you will get it and kill everybody.
,Recommended,242860,15553606,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Psycho,"April 25 2015: Given the thematic context of this title, I spent a good part of our national Australian public holiday (ANZAC day) playing this game.I was pleasantly surprised. The detail and setting are superb, the gameplay engaging.I highly recommend this game as I have thoroughly enjoyed the game so far.Recommended for the devs:1) Please include customised uniforms / avatars (eg. Mount & Blade, Skyrim, etc) Features to be unlocked on lvls.2) Please include taunts, yells, etc"
,Recommended,242860,15554598,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dr. Beatdown,"This...This is the BEST FRICKIN fps games i've ever played, let alone ww1 simulator! The historical accuracy is on point, the gameplay is awesome. This game is really fun if you are on a server with a lot of people, because it feels more how trench warfare was intended to be. That also reminds me, this game does an AMAZING job at utilizing trench warfare, and not turning the game into COD style, run around until you kill someone type of game play. If you tried that on Verdun, you would die in two seconds. A couple downsides to take note of: is one, the graphics aren't THAT amazing, but still pretty good for an indie game. Two, the reloading/grenade animations could be a little smoother, and tweaked on. And three: unless you are playing with a lot of people, be prepared to do a lot of waiting and hunting. Overall, I think this is a very fantastic game, and I play it on a daily basis. the whole WW1 theme may scare some people off, but if your bored/fed up with COD, then give this a try!"
76561198130299060,Recommended,242860,15555724,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,MAJOR_JAG,great game. 10/10 with the recreation of the ww1 atmosphere. great game overall can't wait till final release
,Recommended,242860,15680192,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,NO FLASH<>,amazing. guns are sweet. gameplay is awesome
76561198212420923,Recommended,242860,17604234,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ANTIMETA,"realistic ballistics, enjoyable gameplay and good art all add up to a good game, well worth the money."
76561198202500577,Recommended,242860,17612713,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Braveheart-25-,"It's amazing, plays really well, graphics aren't amazing but good enough. It offers a really different experience to any other shooter and it's easy to fall in love with."
,Recommended,242860,17617016,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MrBobbet,"Verdun is a great WW1 game, Everything looks good, and it is as realistic as you are going to get without taking away the fun. In most FPS games it would take 100 bullets to kill someone, well in this game it only takes one, and thats how it was in WW1. Even thought I am a beginner, I felt like I was just a good as everyone else, The best players are on level with the new players, and that makes it more fair.Great game10/10Buy itBUY IT NOWWHY HAVENT YOU BOUGHT IT YET?COME ON MAN, GET THE GAME!"
76561198078405115,Recommended,242860,17617082,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,fake tits nasty,"Overall Verdun is a good game. When you jump in the game you feel pretty immersed;there's even an option to get rid of the HUD which is nice. Also, you don't have to grind forever unlike in some games based off of the World Wars *COUGH* Heroes and Generals *COUGHT*."
,Recommended,242860,17617769,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Reksnys,"Sometimes buggy, but fun and reallistic WW1 experience"
76561198157855131,Recommended,242860,16459548,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dat Guy Stevo,"ive been wanting a good fps ww1 game for a while now so i brought this on steam sale with no hesitation i have only played it about 1 hour and a half but my verdict so far is that its a very good game quite realstic but for me at the minute very hard im a massive noob and my record is like 4 kills and 40 deaths. my advise, buy the game BUT prepared to die a lot at first until you get good, for me im not good at using a mouse for shooters so thats why im bad so if your good at that it might not be as hard. :)"
,Recommended,242860,17619981,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,nmirkovic5677,"Great game.  Really captures the spirit of the era.  I was excited to finally have a first person shooter set in WWI.  When I began playing, I took my bolt action rifle and charged over the top of the trench only to be killed several times within yards of my own trench.After a few hours of heroic yet fruitless charges trying to take the enemy trenches, I started sticking closer to my squad and discovered the true fun in the Verdun.  We were sprinting from crater to crater combining our unique skills and weapons to breach the enemy defenses.I quickly realized that my own evolution in methods was very similar to what actually occured during WWI.  Shifting tactics from bloody mass charges to more efficient fire and move combined arms tactics.As a someone who greatly appreciates the history of World War I, this has quickly become my favorite game.  To the best of my knowledge, Verdun accurately captures the scenary, emotion, and ferocity of the conflict that introduced the planet to modern warfare.I have found the gameplay to be smooth and easy to pick up.  While there are some technical glitches, I cant remember a game that doesnt have any.  This is a game that gets straight to the point.  It portrays World War I accurately without any of the bells and whistles associated with many of the other games on the amrked these days.If you are someone who is interested in the World War I and wants to appreciate the intense emotion combat that occured I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,242860,17622006,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Bean1113,This game is a beautiful representation of world wars but in a sped up kind of way definitely recommend :-)
76561197971931613,Recommended,242860,17622818,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Warp Pirate,"A fun game. It's not as thorough or as expansive as some of the other FPS games on the market, but in a way its restricted focus is precisely its charm: it's a game that makes you appreciate the humble six shot revolver as a potent assault weapon and the bolt action rifle as a deadly longe range killer.I also find the balance fairly well-done; sure, there's a career system where you level up to open new weapon ugprades, but frankly most of these upgrades have more to do with play styles than power ups. For example, the difference between many level 1 and 2 Corporals is whether they trade in Binoculars for two Grenades. This is actually not such an easy choice to make because each has useful trade-offs (Binoculars help you focus your Mortar ability at long range, Grenades are obviously more useful at close quarters.) Some of the level 3 upgrades I probably will never bother unlocking because I don't play that way (e.g. Corporal with Rifle with Bayonet). So the point is, even a newbie doesn't need to be too worried about being outclassed by veterans in terms of gear: eventually everyone masters their weapons of choice, and that may well be level 1 load-outs!It's a niche game that won't appeal to all, but it appeals to me. :)"
76561198174108739,Recommended,242860,17551285,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,AGT,Hunting the Hun is my new favourite song.      8/10
76561197988784242,Recommended,242860,17558263,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,eis_hawk,"Do you like real balistics? you will die. you will die again. you will die once more... welcome to war. trenches, mud, blood and killing. If you ever liked BF, then try out the real deal with this ultimate WW1 shooter. you will love it! Hours of fun, rage and satisfaction! Welcome to Verdun!"
76561198066935459,Recommended,242860,17562756,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Meow,"This game is a new and refreshing addition to the FPS market. With the WW1 style guns and mechanics, it brings originality, difficulty, and entertainment to the end user. The simplicity of this game makes it easy to dive right in and enjoy. The learning curve is very sharp, as traditional shooters tell you to run and gun right into the face of the enemy. You will learn right from the start that your life is precious, and you will be in frustration everytime you die. However, it helps you reflect on your (game) life choices and refines your FPS style and strategy. Visuals are good, not amazing, but that is what you expect from an indie game. Very proud of the developers for making so much with what little they had. As far as bugs, glitches, etc, you won't find many which helps entertainment. I would like to see 1) Squad size from 4 to 8 as that is military standard, 2) game sizes from 16v16 to 32v32, 3) Some sense of accomplishment in the grand scheme of the game (campaign mode, like in Rising Storm). Overall, in the indie market, I would give this a 9/10. As the game matures, I can only imagine the lengths it can go."
76561198119168976,Recommended,242860,17563911,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,[38NC.H]Pvt. AidsAhoy,Such a good game! Just go buy it already!
76561198095575645,Recommended,242860,17507327,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Rolltide,One of the best shooters I have played in a long time. I love the squad-based leveling system and the many teams within the factions (I'm not saying this because I'm a WWI/ History buff but it sure helps!).
76561198012649575,Recommended,242860,17509267,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,jaybeonline,Excellent game that really breaks the mold of the FPS genre and gives much needed limelight to the often overlooked world war 1.
,Recommended,242860,17510200,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Monkey Boy,Great game - actually takes skill and a bit of luck to both get kills and survive... a bit like a war game should be like if you're going for accuracy.  It never feels unfair either.
76561198168583082,Recommended,242860,17510791,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Gator25,"This game is quite different from most shooters out there, in ways that I enjoy. The use of primarily bolt action rifles makes the gameplay somewhat unique. The objective based trench mode is quite fun, and allows you to build squad experience by playing with the same players over and over again. The deathmatch mode is fun in and of itself; again the use of only bolt action rifles evens the playing field somewhat.This is not your average ""run-and-gun"" type of shooter. You will need to use tactics, play as a team and play the objective. It is very fun and a nice change of pace."
76561198063608002,Recommended,242860,17511876,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,marky1696,"Extremely fun game! Takes a while to get used to but once you do, it is worth it. One of my favourite games at the moment!"
76561197971072297,Recommended,242860,17514369,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Witch Hunt,"What a first person shooter should be. Great looking game, maps are great, weapons feel good. I personally feel the game as a whole has a nostalgic feel to earlier first person shooters and time period with updated graphics.  I recommend!!!! I have had an awesome time playing."
,Recommended,242860,17515761,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,mperic,"If you like WW1 simulators and realistic FPS you will easily like this game. Bullet ballistics, graphics and game mechanics make this a game well worth the money."
,Recommended,242860,15464645,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,TheFullTimer,For any person who enjoys a challenging fps with team based gameplay I happily recommend Verdun!!!
76561198205066004,Recommended,242860,15465474,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ithelord4,Great game  with good emersion and fun slow paced gameplay
76561198040487739,Recommended,242860,15466403,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,PANDY,Verdun... Absolutely brilliant .. Simple as that.
76561198007363457,Recommended,242860,15466838,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,mikeDCM,"The best WW1 game there has ever been. Well put together with maps, weaponary and graphics. Glad to see how much the game has gone forward in development over the past year :)"
76561198084453330,Recommended,242860,15468835,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,gomine,Brutally hard yet oddly satisfying
,Recommended,242860,15469024,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Fartdisaster,I went clubbing as an English Tommy and I recieved plenty of shots. 10/10 party.
76561197997937089,Recommended,242860,15469267,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,CarnoKing,"If ever a game was to encapsulate the futility of the First World War this is that game. Combing large multiplayer action with a well rounded set of skills to unlock, not forgetting the visually epic maps and great development of this game, you will feel like you are actually in the trench, spraying Jerry with your trench guns. A few bugs to sort out before the final release like random teleportation, quick crawl bug and the big head glitch but hey, no one is perfect.Highly recommend 8/10"
,Recommended,242860,15469377,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,{G.F.A} Benuts,"this game seems to be interesting with more than 20 fps, as it can be seen in those trailers!"
76561197973369340,Recommended,242860,15469659,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Beriky,Great game so far. The graphics are decent now and the gameplay seems relatively balanced. Only problem is my computer no longer runs this game well enough to play. I'm hoping for some optimization before release.
76561198042877391,Not Recommended,242860,15469916,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,The Hooch,"At the end of the day, I really want to like Verdun. I really do. I came into this game expecting a realistic WW1 shooter, and the devs proved that you could make a game like that and for it to actually be halfway decent, but whatever fun there was to be had originally with this game has been absolutely ruined by patch after patch after patch of fixes that don't address;-The HORRIFIC hit detection.-The unoptimization across the board.-The overall clunkiness of everything that really has nothing to do with the kind you'd expect from a realistic game as much as a game that was just stretched out in several different directions without any overarching goals.This game will be playable one patch, unplayable the next, and completely unplayable after that. The devs are absolutely not unified in the direction they want to take this game, they say they'll fix the bugs, then go after graphics, and then the graphics themselves are just nothing at all to look at really. I'd enjoy this game alot more if it was handed to someone competent, and I really want to put this in a less scathing way, but the devs in charge of this game right now have absolutely zero clue what they are doing, and now they're going to release it in the♥♥♥♥♥♥state that it is, which rather translates into them cutting and leaving this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to dry.Do not buy this game."
76561198021959933,Recommended,242860,15469947,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Harrison The Giant Dick,"As a historical reenactor of the Great War period, this game excellently presents the Combat of the First World War. Anyone with a keen interest in the period will enjoy the game. As for the gameplay outside of that, the weapons being more primitive makes the game more challenging and difficult to pick up, but when you understand how to play it, it becomes really fun."
76561198150378376,Recommended,242860,15470161,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,HurgusBurgus,LOVE THIS GAME! I don't play it very often but i have had it a while now and have seen it make a lot of progress.
76561198069865311,Recommended,242860,15470193,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Waldo Frey,This game is awesome!
76561198076068938,Recommended,242860,15470284,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,kun,Great WW1 game! Has come a long way through to the point it is now.
76561198157016334,Recommended,242860,15470574,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Pepa Rally Time,this game tuff af
76561198107563476,Recommended,242860,15470644,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Atomic_Corgi,this is an amazing game
76561198096984557,Recommended,242860,15470996,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,죽음의 펀치ShibaLaser 코,Good game with a few minor bugs.9.5/10
76561197962871014,Recommended,242860,15471485,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,~{DCMT}~[BT]Brimstone,"Total blast to play, always been a fan of ww1 games an Verdun does not dissapoint!!"
76561198077812707,Recommended,242860,15471577,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,POPE VINUGHCINT THE FIRST,needs US but not bad fun game.
,Recommended,242860,15472503,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ajaylefevre,"This game is a really good WWI first person shooter. It has different combat roles and you can fight for the Triple Entente or the Central Powers, which is awesome. There are a few small bugs that should be worked out and the graphics are nothing to complain about. Aside from occasional lagging and the small bugs, I'd say this is definitely worth the money and a fun game to give a try."
,Recommended,242860,15457798,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Self Defense Situation,"This game is wonderful!One of the few WW1 fps that includes trench warfare, chemical warfare, and all other horrifying aspects of the first world war. Team work is necessary to attack and defend trenches. Remember this game is in BETA so it does have its bugs but it is all patchable and the developers are working hard to make this game better. Highly Recommend.EDIT 9/22/2015: This game has come a loooong way. There are way less bugs than the beginning and a lot more that when it was in early access. Can't wait for the next major updates. Still highly recommend this game!"
76561198047740970,Recommended,242860,18264803,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ThunderTJ,This Game gives you a really authentic WW1 feeling a really good time killer. Great realism and great gameplay. Be careful not to become addicted ;)
,Recommended,242860,18549382,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lasagna Del Rey,Bludgeoned a Frenchman to death with a shovel.1914/10 would bludgeon again
76561198044920755,Recommended,242860,18553067,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Enhanzer,It's really good.
76561198210035531,Recommended,242860,18553390,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,VampireNaga13,"It is truly, in my own opinion a masterpiece of a war game that i have ever played in my life. A large reason for my endorsement of this game is that it made an enjoyable war game taking place in a war commonly not chosen for said game WW1. And they did a very superb job in historical accuracy and realism of the Great War which I am very pleased with for I am a very passionate history buff very particularly in military history."
,Recommended,242860,18533849,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,{CELL}-R Vercingetorix,"The Second World War has always overshadowed the First world war, but I love this game because it shows you the dark side of the First World War. Your trench becomes a life necessity, like food or water, because if you leave that trench, you WILL be gunned down by a barage of machine gun and rifle fire. You learn to use tactics (Such as pushing in waves that cannot be repulsed, do to sheer numbers). Wiping out an enemy from a trench is one of the most rewarding things I can think of. Anyways, get this game, 100% worth the money."
,Recommended,242860,18555977,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,bottom text,A truly amazing squad based WW1 fps. Probably one of the few full trech-warfare fps out there. You should definetly buy this.
,Recommended,242860,18643147,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ninjafig,A really good game and one of the best world war one first person shooters I have ever played and also the servers normaly  have upto 69 players what makes it more fun and it shows some broken down mk1's in some maps whats pretty cool and if you look around the maps you can see gear of the soldiers whats just sitting their and the game play is just amazing
76561198030695142,Recommended,242860,18643684,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mr. Monopoly,A simple FPS set in WW1 trenches... whats not love!
76561198061349854,Recommended,242860,18641971,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Frankie,"Very fun, very realistic game. The graphics are awesome and sound is immersive. I would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,242860,17734951,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,CZI,I love this game...
76561198073912072,Recommended,242860,17360901,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,KnuckleHead,-steps out of trench-takes 2 steps forward-gets shot from god knows where-respawn and try again-make it to enemy trench-stand up to see if any team mates are coming-get shot from god knows where-respawn-rinse and repeat10\10 would get shot from out of nowhere again
,Recommended,242860,18618116,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ImmortalRaka,"We need more great developers like these. Tons and tons of gigabite-sized updates and content patches, all of them completely free and great. The game is a pure WWI masterpiece and tends to be more a sim than an arcade shooter, so call of duty-style run and gun fails miserably here. All in all a great game, buy it!!!"
76561198039195797,Recommended,242860,18618387,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,JcCelone,"After owning this game for a long time I finally decided to write a review after reading through the news page. Not only is this a great game with awesome maps and gameplay, I have never seen an early access game so heavily supported and updated after release. There is something new added every week and they are constantly trying to optimize and improve, updating to new versions of the engine and tweaking every aspect of the game. Even going so far as updating the loading screens. They are really working hard to make this game even better than it already is.You won't regret getting this game."
,Recommended,242860,18620113,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,FrozenFish37,"It's fun, but you have to stay near your squad... and worse... follow orders.7/10"
76561198012529231,Recommended,242860,18596328,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Shad0w_Gh0st,Very fun and becoming one of my favorite games. Can't wait for the content they are working on and to see it for myself in-game. The player gets to play from both sides of the war and the game looks great even though it isn't a complete release.
76561198043518822,Not Recommended,242860,14078548,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,deason89,Over powered german guns♥♥♥♥♥♥hit detection and crap maps were you cant hit nothing and game with new updates keep crashing every 5 mins not worth it save your money
76561197983852284,Not Recommended,242860,18668572,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Coconutmurder,"Game lags sooo bad it's unplayable. You have to live in europe for the game to even work. Very upsetting considering how great the game is. If you live in North America or Australia and you don't know how it feels to be excluded from playing a shooter, now's your chance."
,Recommended,242860,18652652,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Entraboard,Best WWI/Trench Warfare FPS I've ever played.
76561198008599571,Recommended,242860,17719315,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Breaknet,"Pretty solid gameplay and that really looks like Red Orchestra, but with more emphasize on teamwork (squads).  Furthermore, some neat features such as specific squad (British, Canadian, French, Alpenjagers, Obstreupen, etc) add diversity.  Finally, the devs are working really hard to improve / balance the game monthly."
,Not Recommended,242860,16944637,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,the sweep of death,i boute this game and expeted a lot but was met whit a horid game mecanic  but it has a good look to the land scape most realistic war game iv plaed but is vary hard to do anything because evryone that plays is being a ♥♥♥♥♥ and thires not that many wepons and i cant be the class i want to be pls fix this
,Recommended,242860,16949306,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,G-Rorg,Anyone who is a fan of skill based squad shooters should definitely consider picking up this game.
76561198011886025,Recommended,242860,16949628,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Human72,"the game is decent over all though when will there be the accual maps like the mare, yerps, the accual feild of verdun and other maps though there should be the austrians be added in to give teh central powers some extra bost of squad choices also when can there be more numbers like having AI troops around for the real feel of WW1 in terms of numbers?other then that it is a good game."
76561198025964000,Recommended,242860,16825933,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Morgandalf Freeman,"this game simulates ww1 very well with gas attacks and also simulates the amount of camping needed to win, the secon you stop camping you are dropping because of everyone else camping the maps are very well made and very beautiful i r8 8/8 m8"
,Not Recommended,242860,11503959,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Gooman,"Игру уже выпустили, а баги все те же. Пытаешься кого-то убить, уже раз 5 в него выстрелил, а глупая система коллизии не дала тебе его убить. В итоге ты умер. В этом состоит вся игра."
76561198111356848,Recommended,242860,16827522,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Meowpheus,"If you poke your head up too high, you get sniped.If you stay in the trench, you get obliterated by a mortor.If you leave the trench, you get cut down by machine gun fire.If you make it to the enemy trench, you get bayoneted in the back.10/10 would die again...and again...and again"
76561198036813529,Recommended,242860,16830362,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SunkenBells,"Fantastic Game. Been looking for a new fps for a while, picked it up on the steam sale. More than worth it"
76561198055823161,Recommended,242860,16830884,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Whoop Whoop get some soup,"This game at first is punishingly hard, but as you play more and get better you are in for hours of WWI fun."
76561198012262846,Recommended,242860,16830904,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Edd8801,"Game looks real good and feels very real. First time you will die die and die again. The big negative point I think is the deadmatch. Some maps are to small for 16 players, easy to spawnkill (what happens a lot!). And it does not at a lot to the game itself. The other gamemode is very good and fun to play. Make sure that before you start playing this mode, watch some videos and tutorials so you know a little bit what your doing and what your purpose is."
76561198043974212,Recommended,242860,16832179,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Blind Beard the Pirate,My experiences with this game:-Ran in battlefield and died-Missed every shot in front of a guy and he shot me and i died-Got blown up by a artillary five times which i died-spawned in the battlefield uncrouched and died- failed to melee kill a guy with a shovel and died-Stood up in the trench's and died-tried to kill an afk player in front of me and died by a guy behind me-used artillary in enemy trenches but I aimed it at myself and died-FINALLY got a kill in the trenches...... then i got shot and died10/10
76561198006668695,Recommended,242860,16836985,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Decurtius,"-Heard a whistle, went out of the trench and died-raised my head over the trench line and got shot-crawled in the mud and got torn to pieces by artillery-entangled myself in barbed wire and died again.Great World War I action can't wait for the next updates!"
76561198121747540,Recommended,242860,16909906,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,kristian.olszewski,"I really enjoy this game i play it on a daily basis, there is only one thing that i think is wrong with the game and that is on free for all, the spawning needs to be randomized not set because people are starting to learn all of the spawn points and sit there and spawn kill and it is a very of putting experience when that happens but other than that it is one of the best fps games out there in my opinion"
,Recommended,242860,16910159,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Stinky_boi69,kewl trench sim bro420/420 would get gassed again
76561197963781118,Recommended,242860,16919092,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TeamStylin'G | Killface,"This game is really addicting, I'll give an example:You're in a trench, gunfire everywhere, enemies coming over the sides, stabbings, beatings, explosions...And that's only in that trench! Wait until the whistle blows and you get up!  Mortors everywhere, whistling bullets, bodies dropping left and right, gas being dropped on the enemy trench to cover your approch (and may choke some, but that's rare).Running as fast as you can, you don your gas mask, and hop in that ditch that looks all too familiar.  With your squad with you...The squad leader blows the whistle and everyone climbs up the ditch and runs straight for the enemy trench.  Hop those sandbags, and hope you live through the fight to the next trench!-----This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.  And it's so simple in gameplay:              |----|--|-------|--|----|That is the map design in a nutshell (distance varies, and the maps are all different settings).  The ""|"" are the trenches, and the ""-"" are NoMansLand.For 3 minutes you charge and try to take the trench, if you have people in the trench, you get overtime, if everyone in the trench dies, and your time is up...you have to defend.Ohhh, it's good fun, buy the damn game."
76561198072988356,Not Recommended,242860,16920923,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Catnapper,"WWI  was uncomfortable, hot, dirty, confusing and above all it sucked, and Verdun emulates the entire thing too well. Hope you like sweaty, ungainly gas masks, terrible weapons, essentially one health point, and muddy people in muddy holes shooting at you!"
,Recommended,242860,17165653,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Nord,Really good  if you like this kind of gameKeep up the good work devs
,Recommended,242860,17166424,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Cable (Nightfall),"Great WWI Tactical Shooter. Got this game in early beta, took a hiatus after the engine change, but returning to find the game beautifully progressing out of beta. NOTE: This game is STILL BETA.Things You Should Know:This game rewards teamwork, stay in the radius of your NCO and you get lots of points.Stay down, when you're not crouched, you should be runningAvoid gasCarry a bayonetHave some grenadesJoin the Second Reich"
76561198085984540,Recommended,242860,17132106,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Cyclops_dude,this is the best multiplayer game i have ever played if you like history and stuff like that then this is for you
76561198157840468,Recommended,242860,15932330,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bobbuildermanguy,this game has amazing graphics but it is hard. Still its a must -buy
,Recommended,242860,17117889,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,insanejester,One of the best WW1 FPS games I've ever seen.
,Recommended,242860,22735960,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Napoleon Bonaparte,so funny if you got hit from a bomb
76561198104354208,Recommended,242860,22683115,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Hihams,"Great Game!This will sound a bit odd, but I find this game to be my GOTY.If you want to be challenged a bit more and want to work as a team this is the game.You will die A LOT, a bit of helpful advice if you're getting mad about dying count with the respawn timer.Great game for playing with friends. By the end of your first match you may want to return it, but I encourage you to get into at least 5 games before you return it.Pros:Great communityRoleplaying(ocassionally)Good gun mechanicsNo guns are truly OPRealisticReliable coders(Mostly) No hackersReasonable priceServer join in is easy and you get a wide selectionactive community(April 2016)many weaponsno two weapons feel the sameCons:Regenerative health, I know some may find this as a good thing but it simply takes me out of the immersion.Gas, mortars, ect being used in battles that they never would have been there or never were there.Holding breath mechanic is a bit wonky.(some) very unbalanced mapsNot letting you see what country you're fighing on before you joinSometimes hard to tell difference in uniform quick enough to shootSummary:Overall this is a fantastic game that I've preached to all my friends and practically bullied them into playing. There are many small problems that are fixable with very few glitches.I give it an 8/8 mate"
76561198035446986,Recommended,242860,22733544,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,King Mead,"Been waiting for a WW1 fps for a while. This one nailed it. no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t COD no scope 360s. One second your running and the next second your dead by a stray bullet meant for the man in front of you. Massive charges of 16 people in trench capture mode are terrifying. You will struggle to efficiently mow them all down, sometimes its best to run. 10/10 LOVE THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,242860,22745654,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,LoekC | CS.MONEY,Great WWI game
,Recommended,242860,22743836,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Callumer,"A good game with a good community, just needs some sort of tutorial about the whole suppression system can be confusing to start but. really good and very intersting"
76561198120799655,Recommended,242860,22743928,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Willtron,"There are three things that I relly like about this game. First is the historical accuracy, having a detailed history of each gun, squadtype, and map allows for great realistic immersion. Secondly, the balance for the various weapons is great, for example the machineguns in most games get drastically reduce damage to keep pistols a viable option what this game does however is instead of giving pistols crazy damage and lowering MG damage, you have to deploy your machine guns in order to fire them where as pistols you can run and gun with them. Finally, I like the cooperativity of this game, the primary mode, trench warfare, forces you to work with not just the people in your squad but with other squads in order to attck or defend trenches. Overall, 10/10"
76561198086285891,Recommended,242860,22716943,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Possuman,"great game, lots of fun, really good ww1 first person shooter"
,Recommended,242860,22716222,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Eneoma,"Verdun is hands down the best Multiplayer FPS made to date. It solves the problem i have with many FPS. You need to work as a team and cant run and gun. Your actions and Deaths actually matter. they have created an insentive beyond the kill/death ratio to stay alive. I think a Worl War 1 simulator is a more fitting description. If you havent played it,  play it and support what they are doing. They really couldnt have made a more perfect WW1 game but also a mulpitplayer FPS."
,Recommended,242860,22716507,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,The Awkward One,"Slower than most modern shooters. If you approach this like CoD or BF you will not have fun.Kills feel very rewarding, as does capturing enemy trenches. Team balancing could be improved, but other than that I think the devs have come up with an interesting and fun shooter."
,Recommended,242860,22714362,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Damo004,"Fantastic gameplay. Not a run and gun. Very slow but tense pace. Great sounds, great visuals, great atmosphere. 8/10 overall."
,Recommended,242860,22722785,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Prometheus,"Verdun is the only real working WWI fps out there, afaik. 'The Horrors of War' is more of an update than a DLC, but it certianly brought a lot to the game. Squads, guns, changes to the ADS mechanics, and believe it or not, it raised performance. Great game, a must-get for FPS lovers."
,Recommended,242860,20002448,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Malino.0,Very nice game! :-)
76561198201043995,Recommended,242860,22540394,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,eliwarren,"Excellent game, especially great work on the historical accuracy of weapons, uniforms and locations. Would love to see a campaign/single player option at some point."
76561198030542063,Recommended,242860,22540939,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,swelego,needs more work on the glitching. Enemy comes from no where and being shot while deep in a foxhole. Otherwise love the game.
,Recommended,242860,22526746,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,1stRVR Darrall,"There is a quote that says ""I only regret, that I have but one life to lose for my country.""Shame this guy didn't play Verdun because you get to die for your country constantly."
,Recommended,242860,22518404,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Captain Corgi,It's a shame that Verdun can't runn on Windows 10. That sucks.
,Recommended,242860,22510777,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,JustSomeGuy,"Oh, oh, oh it's a lovely war!Who wouldn't be a soldier eh?Oh it's shame to take the pay!As soon as reveille has gone...We feel just as heavy as lead.But we never get up til the sergeant brings our breakfast up to bed!Oh, oh, oh it's a lovely war!What do you want with eggs and ham...When you've got plum and apple jam?Form fours!Right turn!How shall we spend the money we earn?Oh, oh, oh it's a lovely war!"
76561198007988877,Recommended,242860,22531027,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Zyklon_B,"Great WW1 shooter, a bit ""clunky"" at times with controlling but its in the same vain as ROH2 and Rising Storm. Great fun."
,Recommended,242860,21687680,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dag0012345,Amazing
76561198081499453,Recommended,242860,22552220,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,The Apple,I rate it 15/10.....Not 20 cuz the scopes arent that great anymore
76561198044328571,Recommended,242860,17743193,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Yung Ramen,"Great game would recommend anyone who is in to fps games that require real skill. Very realistic in the beginning you get very fustrated from dying so much but once you learn the basic guide lines, like dont stick your head out for over 3 seconds and etc... the game gets very fun."
76561198092153759,Recommended,242860,17743695,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Big Lez,Great fun game :D
,Recommended,242860,17747961,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Zbig,"There are countless WW2 games and FPS of all varieties, but tragically few set in the trenches of the Great War and Verdun is the best."
76561198106749148,Recommended,242860,17749140,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SaltyAndNice,this game is sick if u want to feel like a badass one shoting people with a bolt action rifle this is the game for u
76561198086178004,Recommended,242860,17750014,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,bagel,"I can't reccomend this game enough. This is without a doubt the best FPS out there. You actually feel like you are on the western front, being shelled and gased out in WW1. Everything is absolutely perfect with this game, from the menu (which is a trench) to the actual gameplay. Hands down this is the best FPS, and maybe even video game, ever."
76561198024985798,Recommended,242860,17639287,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,warlord0877,Not too often you see a World War I game which i like.  One thing that is great is the relistic game play in which you die many times which is like the Great was in real life
76561198153336100,Recommended,242860,17456637,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,commando_darbz86,over the top!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198033098464,Recommended,242860,17641876,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Muskets,"The battles need to have hundreds of players instead of like 40 at the most, because it just becomes an easy way to level up if you have a sniper rifle. Make sure to keep it realistic and make a huge charge from the attackers or counter attackers instead of this one by one over the top. Also keep in mind the trenches would stretch for miles, try to make the maps bigger later on... Keep up the great work, I am hoping for a great fps during the great war some day. I hope you guys are looking to make this game like 'Red Orchestra 2', That would make my life! Thanks for reading my review!"
76561198032171538,Recommended,242860,17642438,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,The Godfather,fun with friends and the whole family
,Recommended,242860,17643624,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,There's always time for a song,Giving those Huns 6 inches of Sheffield forged steel never felt so real.
,Recommended,242860,17647727,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,FaLeN,"Game is fine, maps are mostly same trench warfare becames boring in timeBut, RO2 Rising Storm is better. If you didnt played it, try it first."
,Recommended,242860,17649134,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,K I O,"It had an old theme and it was multiplayer. Good graphics, good shaders. 10/10 one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,242860,17650346,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,m_elliot,"nice game, easy progression but quite a steep learning curve"
,Recommended,242860,17797554,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Windrunner,"Best first-person game of it's period, started playing it after listening to a podcast about WWI by Dan Carlin.I guess when getting into this game you have to understand WWI trench warfare setting, which was pretty much, go over the top and die. This(Battle of Verdun) is the first campaign that was set up not to capture ground, but to make a slaugtherfest where your losses are smaller than your opponents, war of attrition."
76561198161520959,Recommended,242860,17799717,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Spino,This game is amazing!! it sure has some flaws but I think with patches it will become a great game!! 10/10 if you like trench warfare
76561198222406852,Recommended,242860,17783181,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,UndercoverDoggo,"This is really the first World War 1 shooter game ive seen that is very realistic and fun, granted it can be frustrating but its worth it when you get 15 kills, Its pretty much a one shot kill if you get hit in your chest or groin which can be quite frustrating! But once you learn that you really need to find cover fast you can get many kills fast! Rate 8/10"
76561197994657944,Recommended,242860,17793405,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SquasheD,I have come to love this game!It takes a little time to learn to play but when you get  the hang of it its freakin great ;)
76561198107278323,Recommended,242860,17783818,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MiNiMaN166,cool game
,Recommended,242860,17788000,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,CamoIn240p,"I enjoy this game, and would play it often if my game would stop crashing"
76561198049729867,Recommended,242860,30517352,Posted: 14 March,all,AlfaTomcat,"I don't play steam FPS games that often. I don't play steam too often honestly. But when this went on sale, I read about it saw it was pretty realistic (It really is) and it's WW1 there's not too many games I know of with this specific genre. (I've heard Red Orchestra but...well yeah).I've only been playing for a few day. It. is. great. Do not expect CoD, or Battlefield 1. There has been true research done into this game and the gameplay. You die...alot...like alot. But that's normal. ALMOST everything is a 1 hit kill. This is a must teamwork game. I have a blast playing, even when i'm dying 7 times in a row. There are tons of classes, many which I do not know or understand yet. If you like military history and want something that I think shows one of the best re makes of that war... this is it."
,Recommended,242860,17854427,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,sudZ!,"Awesome game. I've always wanted to play a WW1 FPS and this is very well done. Historically accurate, good gunplay and varied enough that there's replayability. Looking forward to seeing how the developers expand the game even further. A+ purchase!"
76561198029995631,Recommended,242860,17845535,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Mikey Ed,Yeah good stuff. Definitely worth a play.
76561198018815644,Not Recommended,242860,17841993,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Pvt. Sanz [29ID],Good Game but can't navigate the site.  clicking to exit does zip.  Fix the bloody problems and you have a great game!!!!!!!
76561198011906679,Recommended,242860,17847782,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[BfG] Mastertortilla27,"I was playing on the German team, and I was 50 feet from an enemy trench. I hopped over the top and sprinted to the enemy trench, hopping down into it and bayoneting a British trooper on the way in. I ran right, crouched, found two British troopers that didn't see me. Bayoneted them at butt height since I was crouched. Wait for 2 minutes, 3 more British and French soldiers come into the dugout and don't see me. Butt stab them too. Continue running around trenches for 5 more minutes, getting continually more butt stab kills. Call in mortar strike, get lost as I run around trenches. Run into my own mortar strike, die instantly.11/10."
76561198106549012,Recommended,242860,17538182,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,RagingGamerLOL,In my opinion i really like this FPS WW1 game. Although some things tend to float the game still runs efficiently and i rarly run into some lag but even when i do it has to deal with my own internet. I really recomend this game to anyone who like games based off of WW1 and trench warfare. Its pretty fun to play with friends in the online matches
76561198064146365,Not Recommended,242860,17538277,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,AloneStatistic,"I love the game, but i can't recommend it until the crashes cease, can barely play for any time before the game crashes"
,Recommended,242860,17543994,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Beagán,"Great game, I don't have many hours on it, because I couldn't deal with the frame rate, but that was my fault."
,Recommended,242860,17549174,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,WABBAJ4CK,"Fun, very challenging WW1-era shooter. I was skeptical because I've always been far more interested in WW2, but actually find myself enjoying this more than Red Orchestra 2.Pro's:– Graphics– Surprisingly polished– History– Trench warfare– Gas warfare– Bolt riflesCon's:– Small-ish maps– Maybe too challenging for some"
76561198167746081,Recommended,242860,17668401,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Bluelightning99,its a good game i don't know if it worth $22 dollars YET but eventually it will be a GREAT game there adding free content and then once they've added all that can be added it WILL BE WORTH $22 dollars
,Recommended,242860,17668545,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,FuzzyShmuck,The thing that I like about this game is that I imagine being a soldier in WWI. The game runs smoothly if you have a great PC to play with.
76561198111956193,Recommended,242860,17669360,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Tab Acid Tripper,"Its a really good game especially in its alpha and beta stages right now, even though its ""One shot, one kill, no luck, just skill"" and sometimes look really fishy its still fine."
76561198039879350,Recommended,242860,17671895,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,rcsaint,Great game. No complaints. I've logged a lot of hours and is still extremely fun. It totally worth a play.
76561198049489785,Recommended,242860,17676077,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TexasToast,"Have you ever wondered about what the horrors of World War I was like?  Have you ever wished to experience the frustration and dismay as your entire squad is cut down by a well placed machine gun?  Have you ever wanted to experience the frustration as you are forced to retreat after a furious battle in which your comrades gave all and more?  Have you ever wanted to fight over the same hundred yards of mud for so long that you become intimately familiar with every rock, piece of debris, bomb crater, and dead horse?If you can answer yes to any of those questions above...buy Verdun today!"
,Recommended,242860,15705911,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Blüeh,"The whistle sounds and the shouts of men are followed immediately with hails of bullets, friends fall silently and all I hear is my breath bursting my ear drums.  I run darting here and there looking for something to cower behind for a moment then I'm off again.  A muffled crack rings out and I fall into a deep sleep and I'm calm.. Not really I shout ""FFS"" at my PC.  The futility of it.. but then this is trying to recreate WW1!  Workin as a team helps, not just running about aimlessly helps but ultimately it's extremely difficult to attack a well manned position.On the flip side, once you've taken a position you then brace for the counter-attack.  Ahh now I see shapes running towards me coming through the orange haze of gas.  BANG!, a target falls, BANG, another.  Now I feel another emotion, these poor chaps trying to advance against these odds.This game is the greatest ever WW1 game, in like, the world, ever, period.  That doesn't say much I know but it's definately the third best war shooter I have played behind Red Orchestra and COD2.It's multiplayer only but the learning curve isn't too bad,  A great purchase for £15."
76561198120410805,Recommended,242860,17678084,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,merprice,this game is har but is worth the pain of getting mowed down by machine gun fire now they are adding belgins americans and new maps and gamemodes in new a new free dlc
,Recommended,242860,17856603,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,『Sky』KloneKiller,This is a very good realistic shooters. It has the atmosphere that really immerses you into the game and the WWI atmosphere. It is one of the best shooters I have ever played and I usually do not play shooters. 2/2 Gaben Rates
76561198048233482,Recommended,242860,17850064,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,FireScorpion,"AMAZING FPS game!!! the Verdun team have done an amazing job on this game, the environment, the weapons, maps, character models, the sounds are all amazing. This game really makes u feel like ur in ww1 and moving down brits with ur german MGs. i like the diffrent squads as well and they give a really nice flavour to the game. I was so happy to find out that the team is planing to release free DLCs, not many game companies to that. this just shows how much the developers care about their players and their community. The developers also really listen to suggestions and just like the Ross rifle or the American squads that will be added later, more suggestions are taken into account.My Suggestions:Add Eastern front with Nations like Russia, Austria-Hungary And Germany. this front should have snow maps as well.Add an italian Front, with Italians and austria hungarians fighting in mountainsAdd gallipoli front with Anzacks and brits fighting againts Turks in a hilly dessert terrain.Add Balkan front with Serbs,Romanians,Montenegro and Greeks that are fighting againts Austria Hungarians and Bulgarians.I would also love to see usable vehicles and stationary weapons bieng used by soldiers other than officers.All in All, this game is 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,13604889,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Miss Fangs,More realistic than WWI10/10
,Recommended,242860,17875147,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Blue Lizard,"Great fun, especially if more people were playing. It's not ""perfect,"" but it's not cheap either. It's a pretty original fps. With an active community, I would glady pay 25$ for this game, though, I think it ought to be sold for 20, for the sake of garnering more players. WW1! gas masks, truncheons, bayonetted pistols! EPIC rifle battles!"
76561198081740560,Recommended,242860,18147644,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Bot Faggot,it's good. what else do you need to know?
76561198029361735,Recommended,242860,21027493,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Stoutgut,war war never changes this is a fun tactical fps game with no spray and pray u must be accurate as u and your squad charge across no man's land and brave gas and shellins and machine guns great game if u like to be tactical hardcore damage model games but dont liek veryone having assualt rifles and rpgs here u mostly jsut have a rifle and your team to back u up
76561198098280237,Recommended,242860,21027916,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,JOJman37,"A wonder shooter about the Great War. Sadly it's a very underappreciated war in the world and shooter games despite how interesting a lot of it is and how it shaped modern warfare. This game, when combined with teamwork can be a heck of a lot of fun. From sniping over fields, to fumbling for gas masks, to clubbing people's helmets in in the trenches, this game has it all."
,Recommended,242860,21028428,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,duke5922,vary amazing game 9/10
76561197994199828,Recommended,242860,21041309,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,XanderDal[Nor],"Hi...To everyone that's reading and thinking about buying this game. DO IT!The weapons, and iron sight's are awesome. I some times get kills from at least 120m easy on 75fpsAnd how the gameplay is built is good. You fight for trenches. Capture and defend...Buy it, and if you don't like it, ask for refund."
76561198029459326,Recommended,242860,20938231,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Marduk,"Really fun game, lots of potential. It's nice to see some developers take on WW1 for a change."
,Recommended,242860,21228230,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Strategos,"Neat little indie game that dares to tread on the unexplored territory that is the first world war, and succeeds at creating a very thematic and fun game. If you're a historybong or someone that enjoys more difficult shooters like Red Orchestra II, this is for you."
,Recommended,242860,21196198,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tomcorsnet,This is a rather nice game. Can get use to it in 5 battles. And remember to unlock better arsenals in game using the sqaud panel using career points
,Recommended,242860,21116786,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Alpha32,Basically the only multi player WWI shooter out there.
,Recommended,242860,21178773,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Henster,Really fun game! It's one of the only WWI shooters around and it's without a dought the best!
,Recommended,242860,21200211,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,mac821,"How many WWI shooters do you know of? None? Okay, buy this. It's like ♥♥♥♥ing crack cocaine once you get over the moderate learning curve."
76561197970599675,Not Recommended,242860,19769320,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,kazale1,"Great game, until I played one server (forget which) in Somme, and one player was so obviously hacking. He just walked up to a number of my team and shot them, me included, while we were all shooting him. Then next round same thing happened with another player. He was just running around no man's land. I was in front of him and unloaded an entire clip.  He turned and shot me. Various other members of my squad were calling this on chat. I called it, and got a ""LOL"".What's the point?"
76561198108013196,Recommended,242860,19774723,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,TradeMarckH,"Great game. I've always been interested and curious in world War one however, I found it very challenging to find any good WW1 games until I found this! Now it is one of my favorite FPS video games, and I love it's historical accuracy and the effort the team has put into it. I began playing two years ago when it was in beta and I have loved it ever since"
76561198062752981,Recommended,242860,19813187,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,X-I.M.A. Target,I absolutely recommend this game! There is great interaction with the devs. The devs actually solicit and respond to feedback suggestions. The game has quite a number of longtime players that will offer assistance on the basics if asked.This is by far the best World War I game out there!
,Recommended,242860,30660373,Posted: 21 March,all,DamianIsAmazing,realistic ww1 shooter that is actually good.
76561198075333868,Recommended,242860,30660176,Posted: 21 March,all,Feldwebel Blitzer,"As someone is has always had a fascination with World War I and II this by far is the best Great War game available. Good realism, attention to detail is excellent, and the gameplay is pretty smooth. Only complains is that some squads feel a little overpowered at points but such is life. Good game, one of my favorites."
76561198159053650,Recommended,242860,19879541,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,VANGA-KAVABANGA,mew mew mew PO
76561198034918870,Recommended,242860,30661142,Posted: 21 March,all,fuckleberry,"The Belgian field I'm peering over is quite picturesque, actually. Treeline off ahead of me, quaint wooden fence and a little country road off to my right. Looks even nicer when you're not in a trench.I'm up on the ground just forward of the trench, to be clear, laying prone at the base of a tree. I'm peering down the sights of a beautifully rendered Lee-Enfield Mk IV rifle (all ninety or so rifles in this game satisfy my long held bolt action rifle fetish), scanning the treeline, where the German trenches are. Ostensibly, I should be charging, as the objective right now is to capture that bit of territory. But no. Our advance has halted, and it's quiet. No one sees an enemy. We're all peering out, waiting for a silhouette to pop up into our sights.Some unseen Austrian prick fires a shot from a spot I can't see. At some impossible angle, I'm killed. It's my tenth death in four minutes. I have no kills.Welcome, friends, to Verdun."
,Recommended,242860,19888558,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Synarix,"This game is a nice FPS. rather addictive and very interesting gameplay.In terms of graphics, they are acceptable, for such a small game they a suprisingly good, but compared to AAA games, they are sub-par.That said, the controls and the perfomance is quite acceptable, I have no problems running this game with a solid 60fps.In terms of the actual game itself, it's a innovative idea and the developpers have handled WWI trench warfare suprisingly well. Machine guns are over-powered and can quite easily, if set up properly, take out half the enemy team. The historical accuracy is very nice. Having to run to the enemy trench across no-man's land, a strip of land between the two trenches filled with barbed wire and pock marked with craters. Usually, youll die to MG fire a long time before you even get to the trench. If, however, you decide to stay in you own trench, nice and cozy, waiting for enemies to walk into your line of fire. then be prepared to get yourself killed by an ememy sniper, waiting for fools to stick their head over the parapet.As a whole, each squad, and each squad member have a role. the grenadier is good for assault, the MG is very good defensive. the marksmen can pick of targets at a distance and the leader can provide a spawn point and can call in artillery strikes, gas, or even recon planes.The feel is very nice, when you need to attack, there is a sudden fear that compels you the stay in your trench. You actually fear going out, as you will most likely die. Infact, with this game. you will die. A lot. You will rack up the deathstreak when attempting to attack, but when it's your turn to defend, then sit back and just pick off those fools running out in the open, with almost no cover. that's when you can rack up the kills and make yourself even.If you got friend that play this game. then be prepared for some serious fun, having squad mates makes this so much more enjoyable.Overall, this game merits a solid 17/20 and comes highly recommended."
,Recommended,242860,19862021,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Assault_Gunner,"Merry Christmas to the Tommies,the Frenchies and the Jerries...and please meet me at the no-mans land,no shooting! Its Christmas Truce! hahahaha Now where my pudding,Jerries! ...Oh yes and please tell the Brits soldiers to bring football as well"
,Recommended,242860,19896210,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DaddyLongDong,10/10 getting shot with an old ♥♥♥♥♥♥ grampa gun is my favorite way to die would play every time
76561198140570610,Recommended,242860,17118303,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,вопрос,"Have you ever wanted to get stabed in the face by WWI French soldier with the mustache that make Mario look like a chump? Then buy this game. The fact that you can go trench to trench with a rifle that malfunctions more than it should sounds like it wont be worth while, but do note that the malfuntioning rifle makes the game realistic. If the rifle malfuntions then melee your enemies once to show him who is boss and twice to complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥on him, the classes are boring and few, but its WWI so everything sucked. I really like this game for the fact that I can stay in my trench and rain hell with my sniper rifle, finishing the game 45+ and 5, and still watch my team crumble like Miley Cyrus' caree, makes me enjoy every single minute of this game."
,Recommended,242860,17118496,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,[TROLL4]amisdabomb7,"I have owned Verdun for a while now, and I'm very impressed with what I've paid for.  There is continued Dev Refinements and I have seen this game improve drastically.  I would say this game goes into it's own category of FPS games.  Not super easy to get kills, very easy to get killed as long as you play with era tactics.Pros-1. Great graphics2. Historically accurate weapons and uniforms3. Good selection of maps (Trench, Fields, Woods)4. Oriented for team work5 . Good skill tree and weapons unlock systems (slight room for improvement)Cons-1.Missing some factions (Russians, Italians, Americans)2.Could use weapons attachments instead of fully premade kits3.Missing more guns (Probably due to lack of factions)4. Lobby are too small (16 v.s. 16, This war is renown for human waves and I get it with pings and what not.  However other games doubled that number years ago.5. F!@#$%g Snipers (Do you really think every 1 in 4 men in the trenches had access to telescopic rifle optics?  Drop that trash, go camp in call of duty)All opinionated of course, But I really love this game and advise other people to try it.  For the price its very worth it to me, but if your like me you'll wait for a steam sale.  The game has room to improve but I think it is very well made."
76561198081867417,Recommended,242860,17121778,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Swanky Pants,This is a great game. It is very enjoyable to play but at first it is very hard you get used to the game and it becomes easier.
76561198057868943,Not Recommended,242860,18417961,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Scooze,"This is game is amazing... However, i opened it today and it says I am banned for cheating. I have never cheated in this game which is why i'm upset. The worst part is that I must reset my stats to request an unban... WTF?"
76561197983146698,Recommended,242860,18420068,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,TheNukedGamer,A game that has great potential! Great map layout and lots of fun especially with friends though still enjoyable alone!Spent alot of time playing the rifle deathmatch mode and it's lots of fun.A full server in the regular mode = An epic battle!
76561198087414999,Recommended,242860,26226656,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Zul,"had to use a new pc to get the damn game to runother than that it is very fun.Very realistic ww1 shooterjust a noteIf you were expecting a battlefield 1-style shooter,then you came to the wrong front.you will die,a lot."
76561197966132759,Recommended,242860,30145790,Posted: 24 February,all,Baggis,"Forget Battlefield 1, this is the game that gives you a real insight to theGreat War. Weapons are very authentic and you can tell that the developers really did their research for this game. Trench warfare at it's best.And that really is what this game is all about:the trenches. Your team either defends a trench, or storms one (and/or dies in No Man's Land) and that is it. It doesn't sound too appealing perhaps, but once you get into it, it is actually great gameplay. That feeling of finally getting into the enemy trench and working to clear it out is exhilarating, especially when you take them by surprise and help your entire team getting into it!Squad systemis simple and just right. You can run around and do your own thing if you want, but you'll score so much more if you stay with your squad leader. Also, playing SL is easy to get used to and will be a great advantage once you get the hang of it (you've basically got two things to keep track of: a special ability (such as mortar rounds, gas or recon planes) and a position order to place, in which all squad members will score more than double points for taking down enemies (should they choose to follow that order).CriticismThe only negative aspects are relatively small bugs such as dead people's limbs flailing about or going inside their bodies, even if the death animations including them writhing in pain is a great touch (and for the picky, the reloading animations are not always top-notch).Also I have to mention that you shouldn't be able to jump and fire your gun with accuracy. Luckily though, people don't do it (mostly because it clearly reveals your position and begs for a mortar shell). I did it once and just felt dirty doing it. Hopefully it will be changed.To keep in mindThere are no drivable vehicles, but considering it's trench warfare it would be hard to implement.Don't expect running around with machine guns playing Rambo or fast sniping. There are a several machine guns but they're made for support, and sniper rifles are made fordistance, as they should be! You can always switch to the rifles main sight though (and rifles is the main type of weapon you'll use apart from pistols).It might be hard to tell the difference between friend and foe in the field, but luckily there is no friendly fire (otherwise every new player would be crushed by accidentally killing teammates over and over).This one is important:this is not CoD, CS:GO or Battlefield. If you've played Red Orchestra / Rising Storm, you'll be familiar to the type of gameplay. You'll struggle to stay alive, but that's World War One for you. In the real war people did not willingly jump into No Man's Land without worries, and that for a damn good reason. If you want fast-paced action and rushing, you've got Battlefield 1. This game focuses on realism, which becomes it's charm. Often when I play, I can't help but think how it must have been a hundred years ago, fighting in the trenches...Last wordsThe best game about the Great War and the trench warfare. Even if you don't have any real interest in history, chances are that you will have after playing this (especially since the loading screens contain information about the battles).I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who cares for realism and some wonderful weapon sounds."
,Recommended,242860,18400521,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Redrum_Laturb,Great game......just wish there was people playing it.
,Recommended,242860,18413399,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,PYROmilmo,"Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.Leaves trench, gets shot in the face.10/10 for realism"
76561198031393103,Not Recommended,242860,17939152,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,zachery_david,"Im not impressed. The game looked really fun in the trailers, and the positive reviews outnumbered the negative ones. Even still. I could list the reasons I thought it was bad, but it would be the same as every other negative review writen. Just kind of fell flat."
76561198202152287,Recommended,242860,25315758,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mr Meeseeks,DAS IST GUD
,Recommended,242860,10303885,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Percutor,"Guys, i gotta say that making a FPS based on WW1 is an extraordinary idea that will be apreciated in steam comunity by players like me.First of all, i gotta say that your way of thinking about the frontline in a game like this is one of the best i experienced (i make refference to that map, a pretty new idea). I like that you struggled to keep the historical facts like they really were: original weapons, classes, uniforms, and many others...Graphics: are good...for the beta version of the game, but I guess you will reserve some time to improve that.IN TERMS OF GAMEPLAY AND ITS MECHANISMS... Sincerely, you have a lot to work! Let me just to enumerate some elements that I could not OVERLOOK in terms of REALISM facts ( i hope you know that this is the main attraction for historical based games like this) :- I noticed that after firing, for example, 2 bullets with a rifle and closing the bolt, when you reload, you actually pull the bolt again , evacuating the 3rd bullet from the rifle's magazine...and as you probably guessed, to fully reload (5 bullets) we must introduce 3 more bullets, not just 2 !!!! TIP: add a manual bolt option.- If we talk about bolt action rifles let's emphasize more details: I used a bolt action rifle in real life and belive me: you cannot pull it, evacuate the cartridge, and then closing it in 0.25 seconds like i saw in this game. It is RIDICULOUSLY fast and i noticed when doing that the rifle is holded down the sight! Are you serious?!- When I threw a grenade I could not belive my eyes! It seemed like a levitation not like a real grenade throw, and there is no rolling on steep surfaces.- Less RECOIL than normal.- A fact that stunned me is lack of bulled delay...Guys we speak about a 2014 FPS not about Counter Strike that is made 12-14 years ago. Everyone I talked noticed that.- When we speak about long ranges, the gravity is an agent that really affect the bullet's path...It smoothly tends to ground.- In WW1, bayonet charges were very common actions...Why you forgot that?? you could also add an option to remove/attach bayonet on rifle and let use decide how to play.- TANKS: I know tanks were not as comon in trench war as later in WW2, but this period/war is the pioneer of first tanks. Wouldn't be cool to add this stuff? Following Red Orchestra 2 example.- Aim and switching between guns are TOO FAST. COME ON!!! Those characters are supposed to be humans, not robots!- There is no friendly fire.- You should create the posibility to pick up weapons and grenades from fallen soldiers.Guys, I really understand you are working hard on this game, but please, you must do anything you can to attract many players because i sustain your concept. A radical improvement is essential!!! DO NOT BE AFRAID to revolutinize and continuous improvement!GREETINGS!"
,Recommended,242860,17373594,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Monocle Tea Horse,"Sometime during my time in the trenches, I had met a few guys who seemed pretty nice. We would often hustle a couple rations from the distributioner if we were lucky, and then take them out and eat inside one of the radio rooms. Then of course the general would come in and give us a beating, but we had fun nonetheless. At some point during this time we had to go on an offensive. So me and these guys had to head out into no man's land. And boy what a hell hole. We crawled all the way through, crossing our fingers that we wouldn't get bombed or gassed. Only 2 of us made it. Of course, there was no time to mourn, and in all the action I barely noticed. So me and my last friend, Joe, went into the trenches. We were all scared, sure, but none as much as Joe. He kept muttering something about, ""He was right there and then..."" I don't know who he was talking about, but I brushed it off, or as well as I could, anyways. We stepped into the radio room, because we heard a lot of talk in there. There he was, a 17 year old boy, couldn't be older, talking to his commanding officer about not wanting to die. Joe just stood there for a second. And another. As he was doing this the boy rushed for his gun. Joe didn't even stir. I quickly raised my gun and shot. He fell dead. Joe fell down into a fetal postition. I had never seen him like this. I didn't ask anything, worried he himself would just take out his gun and shoot himself, as has happened to a few of our men. I stood there for a second, and then just marched on, as it appeared Joe had no intention of going on. I continued in the war, but I never saw Joe again after that day. I always tell myself that, ""Maybe he just got switched to a different squad."" But I know, that in my heart, he just lay there, to this day, under a small mound of dirt. I can never forgive myself for what I did, leaving him behind, but I had a country to serve.-Unknown Made-Up DiaryAlso, this game crashes a lot ;3.9/10 Would want to cry for mommy in no-man's land again."
76561198230789572,Recommended,242860,17561089,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Fives,Great GameVery RealisticGood GrahpicsThere are a couple things that need work on butThe Develpers sure know how to make a game xD
,Recommended,242860,18345851,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,BensOnFire,"This is the finest game on the planet. Urinated by Zues, filtered by Buda, decorated by Jesus, and given to you by the Flying Spaghetti Monster."
76561198142254770,Recommended,242860,18337606,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,TwoMouse,This game is the best game for ww1 FPS I've ever played! I'm very happy that I bought it in early access for $15. At first I was a bit scared due to crashing and buggy issues but NOW I'M ON EVERYNIGHT!The gameplay is different from other FPS also trench warfare is very intense!Note: DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING STOP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE TRENCH YOU'RE HOLDING EVERYONE ELSE UP!
76561198154673609,Recommended,242860,18324618,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Spicy McHaggis,"The best death sim of all time , as a noobie you will die and when you think you have gotten better you will die , you will be thrown in at the deep end with lvl 100 players who will smack ya♥♥♥♥♥over and over but when you kill one back wow the sense of smugness is real good , you have of course the odd hacker but the community its self seems to route them out so thats good also you will be spawn killed by lvl 100 teams these should be avoided if possible and i stress in no way are all high lvls like that 99% ive come across play fairly , id also recomend playing with buddys as its a real laugh hearing your team m8,s raging about getting killed lol , all this death should not put you off playing this game its a blast as you learn the maps you do improve and i have no hesitation in recomending this game .10/10 would die again"
76561198142680219,Recommended,242860,18342308,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,360 no scoper,So the first time i started playing it was boring then as i learned the game the funner it got and now im adicted its the best game ive played so far
,Recommended,242860,11487946,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,TheRealJosh,"I have to say everything is ok but I know its beta so I'm curios whats in the next update like are you going to add the canadians,british etc and if we will be able to fly bi-planes or drive tanks. maybe throw in a fun patch allowing us to use flamethrowers and gas bombs with gas mask?------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now if you play it everything is just awesome and you can't have anymore fun in a FPS like verdun.Features-Getting shot at when you look at from a trench  yep-Nades bombardments yep-Manics charging for a few meters of ground yep-Charging out of desperation and frustration yepYou will not live forever in this game but you sure as hell will have a lot of fun playing this.New Review ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"
76561198029083119,Recommended,242860,30549423,Posted: 16 March,all,sgt sheepdog,GOOD TEAM WORK PLAYING ; IRKED MY CHEAP SET BUGS .OVERALL ACE COMRODERIE
,Recommended,242860,15625630,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Heathcliff Huxtable MD,10/10 would get PTSD again
76561198041290623,Recommended,242860,15626016,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Palks,"I bought this game ages ago in a sale and had never heard of it before then. I'm super glad I did. fun squad gameplay, a realistic WW1 experience and a development team constantly adding new things. One thing I would definitely recommend doing is playing this with your friends, as it certainly increases the fun had in this game."
76561197988328144,Recommended,242860,15626254,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,kingspad22,awesome game love everybit of it been waiting for a game like this for awhile love war games played so many ww2 its refreshing to see a nice WW1 FPS and the tenches amazing popped my head over the top bam got dropped lol wasnt even mad how many times i died felt real to me
76561198103180123,Recommended,242860,15626506,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Hengleford,That rush when you're a Machine Gunner and the entire enemy team spawns right infront of you and they have no cover :D10/10Would get a 16 killstreak again
,Recommended,242860,15657911,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,DickyBird,"Overall a good game especially for its dev budget. Plays a little like Red Orchestra but don't expect the weapon mechanics to be up to RO's level of detail.Weapon mechanics wise there's No balistic physics (bullet drop) or free aim but does have manual bolting. The weapons act fairly weighty and theres a good level of recoil to them. Its standard hit scan system so you won't have to lead your target for bullet flight time, just the movement speed.Needs a few spawn system tweeks as it lacks spawn protection when you spawn on your NCO/squad leader. if they arn't dead so you can spawn right in front of the enemy team at times.Like RO and ArmA you have to be aware of your environment. Look around before you move and think where you move to before you do. You get points for staying close to your NCO and being in objectives zones. You can't move to far a head of the objective zone to cut off and pin the enemy team where they spawn which is a very good thing."
76561197974171618,Recommended,242860,15658993,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,tyrrell82,"I have been really taken aback by how excellent this game has become. From the release experience to the Roadmap plans, this game is a home run. Not do I only plan on contining to play this game, though i'm sure it'll become a time waisting favorite of mine. Devs / Programmers... Right on."
76561198050449226,Recommended,242860,15659008,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,nathan,"well made game ,the only ww1 game out there as far as I know . but could have about more customization or some thing like that."
,Recommended,242860,15659066,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,kavarak,Best ww1 game out here.
76561198069678427,Recommended,242860,15659689,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Centurion,"Verdun in my opinion is a realastic WW1 multiplayer game. A lot will die for a few yards of land. Mostly everyone gets a bolt action rifle so i believe it takes more skill than the more modern multiplayer games. The combination of trench warfare,  squad based teams, and combat support from gas/artillery makes for some epic gameplay with a dose of bull. Sometimes you will get frustrated when you get picked off from afar but hey war isnt fair. Overall really good game highly reccomend"
76561198051063283,Recommended,242860,15660456,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,graeme1942,if you like redorchestra 2 you'll like this one.
76561198011519800,Recommended,242860,15660630,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Cocalin,"While it's got some problems, Verdun has a lot of great concepts, variety, and is brimming with potential. I'm glad to see it out of early access! One of my favorite historical periods is finally given a bit of justice in a First Person shooter that does the hopeless meatgrinder of trench warfare assaults very well."
76561198024482079,Recommended,242860,15660869,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,-EFGF-RX-79[G],No game has made me feel like cannon fodder to this extent and the player bass is mostly history buffs 10/10
76561198047629082,Recommended,242860,15661550,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,You can't kill all of us!,Really fun World War 1 game and the graphics aren't too bad.  I don't regret spending $20.69 on it.
,Recommended,242860,15661563,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Animal_Mother,"Intense game. Forces teams to attack and defend. Brutal close quarters fights when you jump in an enemy trench,"
76561198070257107,Recommended,242860,15662117,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Munki,"I've been playing this game since early access and am superbly satisfied with the final product. This is one of the best shooters I've played in a long time, and by far the best WW1 shooter ever.I am very pleased with the animations and graphics of the game, and the ballistics of the weapons are on point.The dev's have done an amazing job recreating the trench warfare of the Great War.FAIR WARNING TO ANYONE READING THIS WHO'S THINKING OF BUYING VERDUN:The game is a WW1 Trench FPS Shooter.That mean's it's a MEAT GRINDER.Expect to die ALOT and OFTEN!!!DO NOT get mad if you die often, because EVERYONE dies at least 30 times a match when they start playing!The game is near impossible to play in the usual run-n-gun style of more modern fps's, as it is about cover and strategic  co-op with your teammates.Keep in mind that the entire game is made to be as real as possible to WW1; this means single-shot kills, little cover outside of the trenches, no kill cams, and other variables like gun sway when aiming and breathing.Once you have played for a while, you will begin to understand the do's and don't's of trench warfare, and the game will get easier. (provided your teammates aren't afk)Remember, DO NOT GIVE UP AND QUIT. This game is made to be tough, but once you get the hang of playing Verdun, it will be one of the best games you've ever played."
,Recommended,242860,15662175,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Drifter,"Brilliant World War One shooter, in a trench, shot a guy attack me, then got given the order to go over the top to which i was cut down instantly by machinegun fire 10/10"
76561198003457536,Recommended,242860,15650540,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,overkill,"I love it.A shooter that does something else than just run and gun, you gotta use you're brains in this one, wich is rare these days.And the WW1 setting is just immersive. At last a WW1 shooter ...I kinda wish the sound was more overwhelming though"
76561198205763224,Not Recommended,242860,15652856,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Rafael,"A very immersive, realistic game but can someone explain why the game keeps on crashing and is there any way to fix this?"
76561198083855599,Recommended,242860,15654701,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Meatjerkingbeefboys,this is by far the most fun ww1 game ive played the only improves i have would be the addition of americans and shotguns.
,Recommended,242860,15655286,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Thot™,"This game is amazing! I enjoy history and the WWI - WWII era. If you do too, then this game is meant for you. Very realistic and great graphics."
,Recommended,242860,16752800,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dr.RESWATSOHeeGAN FLOOGANBARGANs,"Got stuck In barbed wire, succumbed to injuries. 10/10 GOTY.The guns handle well, One shot kill on all rifles and MGs. I find myself yelling at my computer screen in an attempt to tell the other team to ♥♥♥♥ off back to their trench.Immersive, Nicely Handling guns, good game.Find a hole, claim it as your own. if you move from this hole, you will die. if you do not, You will die from mortar."
76561197976013032,Recommended,242860,16754314,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Defector,"Fun game. The Attack and Defense mechanic is neat and somewhat shakes up the usual FPS stuff. Reminds me a lot of Red Orchestra, so if you like those games, you'll like Verdun."
,Recommended,242860,16754813,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,fheyo,One the best games that simulates trench warfare with rigid controls and  few bugs
,Recommended,242860,16681517,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[TFM] Knight,This is a World War 1 based first person shooter game. It is based on trench warfare with countries involved in WW1 and this is a game worth buying if your one of those world war 1 & 2 people. If not it is still a good game to get involved and be a team.
76561197983783127,Recommended,242860,16681647,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,{SF} ...Aerox...,"Great game, If you want something that involves using your brain unlike Call of duty this is it. I think there is still a few bugs. but it could be lag. reminds me a bit of a Counter strike mixed with a old call of duty like the game. recommend you play it with a few mates so you can have a squad. But very happy a game like this is out."
76561198110594080,Recommended,242860,16685458,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,mangosteenqueen,"Pros:-performs well-balanced squad-voice chat between squad mates (greatly reduces chat chaos)Cons:-Too many goddamn snipers/marksmen-No resupply*-No tutorials (not even a offline shooting range feature)-Character movement a bit clunky-Sometimes enemies laggy when they're attacking (could be my ping though...)As far as I'm concerned, the devs are still patching and updating this game so there's still a lot of content to be worked on/added. Some ideas they could use to fix the cons I listed down is-Resupply: perhaps add ammunition crates at the main respawn point-Tutorials/Range: Self-explanitory, add a feature where the player can shoot at targets at all distances and moving targets. Basically to work on bullet drop and travel speed.-Too many snipers: I have no idea how they should fix this, but every squad has a marksman (if you want to risk 1 credit for it) which means there will be too many snipers. Or maybe they should nerf the magnification of the scopes since the magnification was probably around the 2.5x (?) or just make the lens of the scope dirtier and muddy.Also throwing a grenade is a little weird, it kinda looks like I'm underthrowing it.Overall, I'm still proud of my purchase and cry when I'm in enemy trenches by myself despite that I've only played it for a few hours."
,Recommended,242860,16685766,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Potato724,this is a very good game and i would recomend it. it is difficult though. it is also very quick with certain classes.
76561197973611700,Recommended,242860,16663478,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Gunner_Asch,"PROS:-Red orchestra-like realism, no bunny-hoppers here-Unique WW1 FPS, gas, trench action,-Maps are historically accurate batt;efields,-Squad based action rewarding cooperationCONS:-Some of the graphic options such as A/A and V Sinc are as risky as sticking your head out of a trench in La Somme-You will crash...or at least get weird graphic glitchesBut all in all, I keep getting back to this game, it's a lot of trench stabbing bloody good times!"
,Recommended,242860,16687551,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Good Guy,Game
76561198137932863,Recommended,242860,16689811,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bear Paw,"Great game in so many ways. One can easily see how much care and detail was put into every square inch of each map. The gameplay itself is relatively smooth and I would also say original. I can't think of another WWI FPS game that gives you the choice of what squad type you want, what squad position you want, or even offers a Free for All Rifle Death-match. There is so much to be learned in this game, but the hard work will pay off in kills and how many times you're mentioned on the scoreboard. If you were sick of playing as a certain squad member, you can liven things up by trying a new position or try a new loadout. While there is still plenty of aspects in the game that can be improved, this game is perfect for all those FPS fellas out there since it boasts a new style of gameplay different from that of COD or Battlefield. All I ask is you give this game atleast 5-10 hours. I don't even like most FPS games and I fell in love with this one in a matter of hours. If you have any counterarguments, feel free to post as a comment and I guarantee I can effectively rebut them."
,Recommended,242860,16690556,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ChimkenNuggers,"Verdun is a very well made early access game. It truly shows the brutality and harsh conditions that the soldiers fought in at the western front during the first world war. The game has very good historical accuracy. No matter how good you are at playing first person shooters you are guaranteed to get many, many kills, which in turn means you are going to die a lot too. For those who don't know much about world war one, there are many more ways to die than just rifle fire. For example there are many different types of poisonous gases unleashed by the enemy, which if you don't put your gas mask on in time will blind and choke you to death. There are also artillery strikes that bomb out trenches, machine guns that cut down entire squads as they run through no-mans land, and much more. For squads you have a few squads from the ""Triple Entente"" including Britain, France, and Canada, and in the ""Triple Alliance"" you have squads from Germany all with historically accurate weaponry. Thankfully no Ross rifle for Canada, although it would be interesting if they added it later! Thanks to the developers, this game is constantly being improved and has a lot of potential for content in the near future! I'd recommend picking the game up when it goes on sale but if money is no problem, it's a great buy!"
,Recommended,242860,16691354,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DincherDan,"Hard to get into at first, But fun when you get the hang of it. I recommend this if you want a unique setting of Fps, but to be honest. I would rather go buy Red Orchestra 2. It is a much larger version of this and alot better at what it does. But this game is still very good."
,Recommended,242860,16693717,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Flynn.exe,10/10 would get rushed by bayonets again
,Recommended,242860,16759823,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[52ndNY]DavidXlongshot,"Verdun in my own opinion is a good game. It's not a great game and it won't win awards any time soon.Basically it's an FPS set in WW1...Yes, WW1 and the game does a really good job when making the atmosphere for WW1, the guns feel nice and realistic alongside the realistic(ish) gameplay. I say it like that because if it was realistic, it would be so much harder. Which brings up difficulty. Off the bat, when you play, without knowing what to do even from a horrible tutorial...you're going to die. A lot. It's like Red Orchestra 2 with the realistic sense and difficulty, when you get shot with a rifle and one bullet. You're dead, simple as. Not in trenches and out in the open? Dead. Wrong place? Dead. Can you shoot the person before someone shoots you?Even with all the difficulty, I really enjoying playing this game because it is fun when playing in WW1, you feel like there's impact and cause to play it. It's not CoD or Battlefield, they're streamlined. This game isn't, you have to learn as you play from the terrain, weapons and tactics. When you chat to strangers in a squad, you can sometimes have a good team and funny moments like I did. But there are lots who don't communicate. It's best played with friends.The game looks good, there some poor textures with for the most part, you'll need a decent PC to run it.However, there are bad points to the game. First off, when you read the tips when the game loads. They say if you like the game, give them a good rating and review. That is horrible and really bad, they should not say that in their game. And They sound like they won't take criticism well.The progression system is awful, when you play as a class you think you'd get the weapon that's dedicated for that role. But no, you may not get an LMG but a rifle instead. In still have no idea how the progression system works or if I'm doing anything at all besides levelling up. But when inspecting the screens on the right when you view, theres a lock symbol and when I moused over it, it has an unlocked symbol so I clikced it and it was avaliable to me. So the stars you collect are points to unlock new things.And I think the map designs are good but there ones that are just plain awful. In my opinion, if there's too much open area for the advancing team they get to have generous positions to shoot the defenders without problems because they have more cover and bushes, grass, trees, trenches hide them and to the people who aren't good at the game are hopeless.Sorry for being so long but it is a good game with many improvements to be made, I'd like to say it's still in development eternally. At this moment, I highly recommend you wait for a sale on this thing. It's not worth the full price."
,Recommended,242860,16760062,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,cksmaster14,"The best WWI shooter, probably because its the only one. But im enjoying the game so far, and for an indie shooter, the graphics look great."
,Recommended,242860,16648684,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,mikey millions,"Think of a well-done WW1 InsurgencyGritty, realistic combat, true tactics, no call of duty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, realistic weapons, realistic damage, it's extremely realistic.If you like the ArmA series this is a great game for you.I personally bought the game for 50% off during the summer but I would say for sure it's worth the full price.9/10 one of the best games I've bought."
76561198098784313,Recommended,242860,16648921,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PaddyO'B,"Such a great game, would recommend to anyone who likes realistic FPS games or history. I'm now basically addicted to this game which I feel is a testament to it. The peoplle are friendly and it plays really well.  GET THIS GAME IT NEEDS MORE PLAYERS!!!!!"
,Recommended,242860,16654612,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,RiX,Pretty much the only WWI shooter out there.RiX 8/10
76561198135970877,Recommended,242860,15425197,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,TECHEYZOMBIE,"Really great, fun, and cool game! We need games like this one every once in a while."
76561198107566187,Recommended,242860,16065186,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Tactical-Sauce   farmskins.com,"If u like ww1 history, and first person shooters(especially sniping) this is the game fr you, it feels a little bit like battlefield but ww1 instead, i dunno, just how i feel, anyways, guns r cool, everything looks decent, and they update constantly and respond to feedback, 10/10 gr8 game m80s"
76561198191314315,Recommended,242860,15804029,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Stink186,"This is a great ww1 online shooter. It really captures the feeling of the stalemate fighting in ww1. People might get annoyed at how if you're in the wrong place at the wrong time, you could easily get killed by a sniper or artillary barage. But then again that's how real war goes. Real war and real death is random and merciless.The negatives are that the framerate drops easily. I have an i5 4460 processor with a gtx 960 and my game sometimes drops to 30 frames even when I turn settings down. I have heard from another person who has an i7 with a gtx 980 and they also get framerate drops. So this is a problem.Also, the character animations are kind of ragdollish. I would also appreciate it if the gun sounds were more consistent. When a gun shot is far away, it just sounds like a regular gun shot at a lower volume.  If they really want to make realistic powerful gun sounds, then they should learn from Battlefield, because Battlefield has the best gun sounds.But other than that the game is great. Good graphics and textures. The guns are varied but not too overpowered. The uniforms are realistic. And it rewards cooperation. I would recommend it to fps fans with a bit of patience and people who like the historical element."
76561198014435894,Recommended,242860,16109061,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,PrinceJamal89,"We were on the attack. I was on a hot streak, took out 2 enemies back to back as they ran across the entrance to the trench. I dropped to prone to reload before rushing the trench. As I loaded the last round, I saw 4 heads pop up, equal distance away, 2 on either side of the trench entrance, 2 on either side of an overturned wagon, at the same time... I had no time to react, or pick a target.I was expecting an ""Heroes & Generals"" like experience(it would be EXCELLENT if they expanded the game to include similar features); but the game as it is is worth the money. The focus here is more on the adrenaline rush and skill of the ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I shot and missed; he shot and missed; who's gonna land the next shot"" type of experience that only comes with a bolt-action rifle.  All more so than grinding to get perks and better gear, although the grind for your squad to get better gear is present, its not the purpose.Although only having 2 game modes does get somewhat repetitive.7/10"
,Recommended,242860,16114218,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,9KGaming,Amazing in every way 10 out of 10
76561198042745540,Recommended,242860,16118329,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Owney H.,"I highly suggest this game, I haven't seen a good historical war game in a long time and this really is the first real World War I game. I do wish it had a single player because I kinda miss those days like in Call of Duty 2. But this game is amazing."
76561198085358368,Recommended,242860,15163781,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Alexander the Great,"This game ceases do bore me, it is full off action and weapons that will wow you. Think only think I would like is more game modes. I highly recommend to people that like online, historical, and realistic games."
,Recommended,242860,16035249,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Butterlord,"This game. There's many words to describe what this game is. Rage simulator, breathtaking, immersive, intuitive are just four of the many ways I can describe it. The urge to become better is always there and the hunger for one more kill is always present. Then when you finally succeed the feeling of accomplishment washes over you like an ocean wave. Buy this game, die a lot in the beginning, get better, die a little less, get a few friends to play it with you and suddenly you're taking Europe by storm!"
76561198149271164,Recommended,242860,16035317,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,tommykamra,can you play this game with a controller?
76561198060107017,Recommended,242860,16099758,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,totallyairplanecrazy,"One of the most amazing games I have ever played. 10/10 ""Would Bang.""-IGN"
76561198077691474,Recommended,242860,16100122,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,jgpellicer,"Excelente juego de guerra. Los escenarios, el armamento y la dinámica del juego son extremamente realistas. Una excelente opción para aquellos que buscan un juego de guerra donde el trabajo en equipo es lo más importante. Lo recomiendo a todos."
76561198065057321,Recommended,242860,16102345,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Tux,Best WW1 Game Out. Hours or fun.Highly Recommend
,Recommended,242860,16121861,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Pr0xx,"Overall good game , good graphics , some maps are a little weird , there are some bugs with the ragdolls and stuff but over all i give it a 7/10 , but the game get boring pretty quick , I played for a month almost everyday and got bored , then came back after 2 weeks. And also the game is well balanced"
,Recommended,242860,16125219,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Raindrops,"Great game, I bought this way back when it first came out on early access, and I'm impressed and delighted with the work they've done on it. It does a good job of portaying WW1 trench warefare too. Great game, great shooter, and super fun."
,Not Recommended,242860,16125926,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SqueenisPeezer,Just light a $20 dollar bill on fire it will be of better use than this game. Have had installed for 9 minutes and already removing it.
,Recommended,242860,16126402,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Michael Corleone,I liked this game for about 2 hours but then the Christmas update happened so then there were a bunch of 5 year old's throwing snowballs. Then you had little customization on your rifle where you were trying to earn upgrades there are higher leveled players killing all of us new players so we could'nt upgrade our gunsSorry i raged :'(
76561198070359307,Recommended,242860,16127489,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Fumblerful,"I don't like run of the mill first person shooters like cod, battlefield, or even ARMA.  What I like are FPS's that are unique. This is one of the latter.  WW1 was a very different battlefield than today or even WW2.  The trench warfare is very different.  The weapons may not very much variety but it is the skill behind them which makes them great.  If you want an FPS that is NOT mindless where killstreaks do NOT matter but teamwork DOES, buy this game.  Maybe wait for it to be on sale if the price tag is too much for you."
76561198068902781,Recommended,242860,15750492,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Tchickenbaby,so much fun if you can get used to the guns and all that its like if call of duty was in a world war one setting and was fun
76561197993896564,Recommended,242860,15756120,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dirk,"Awesome game if you want to experience trench warfare first hand.Pro's : really good teamwork system, lots of different weapons and loadoutsCon's : I miss the ""spot"" feature of the battlefield series."
,Recommended,242860,15681162,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sailus,"Playing as a Franch soldier I realized ""What the hell were they thinking?"".The gun only has 3 rounds and can't reload until you shot out all the rounds.""They will stab the enemy more than they will shoot them."" was the thought behind Franch combat tactics.There is also the No Man's Land that we had to run across that rack up lots of kills for the Germans. This nightmarish moment of running pass corpses and a hailstorm MG fire only to be cut down by some Prussian officer with his fancy Luger.If you even lived running into the enemy trench there comes the barbaric CQC combat where clubs, shovles, and knifes are used to kill in a very personal manner.Oh you thought you won by taking the trench? Hahahaha NO! Now the role has been switch and you become the defenders. This is just the start of a battle full of fear where only the dead may know peace."
76561198093156054,Recommended,242860,15681614,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,lakruthaup,"Outstanding game. It's not like the Call of Duty shooters out there where you can shoot a guy with a half dozen rounds and not die. One rifle shot or two pistol shots, and a person is dead. Very realistic, and very addictive."
,Recommended,242860,15683698,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Alby,"A unique 1st person shooter.Squad based, realistic weapons and environment effects.Like WW1 expect wave after wave of troops to fall as they 'go over the top'.I have played this since Beta and still play now.The phyics take some getting used to but once you work it out it is very satisfying.If your a WW1 history buff, fan of more realistic shooters or enjoy squad based shoots buy this game you will not regret it."
76561198071105339,Recommended,242860,15683840,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[38NC.K] smokeyjoe8,500/10 it has been the best fps i have played in a long time if you are thinking about geting this game do it
,Recommended,242860,15685129,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Baron von Rekt-hofen,"Buy now, or you will be executed for desertion."
,Recommended,242860,15687439,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[63e] Shirreff101,"This game has plunged me into the world of the first world war. From fighting back the german assaults, to fleeing with fellow brits you truly have to shoot, gas and run your way into and out of the fight. prepare to enter a muddy world of trenches."
,Recommended,242860,15766644,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,2 inch terror,"Awesome game has improved greatly since beta, be prepped to get rekt a million times before you surmount the learning curve"
76561198107477722,Recommended,242860,15767583,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Raider6,"first off understand that this game (is amazing) is not like cod. it requires team work, cohesion with squads and strategy. when and if you find a match with like-minded players that understand this and work together, this game can be one of the most entertaining/addicting/frustrating (at first)  experiences out right now. understand this is ww1 so long range trench warfare is the name of the game, until of course you must rush the other side then you got to get nasty with the close quarters fun. also the back and forth of storming/defending each others trenches is a fun new game mode which I personally haven't experienced. when you finally understand how to upgrade, call in gas/mortar, learn how to use a bolt action rifle and use cover effectively I can almost promise you that you will enjoy this game. unless you like to run and gun then stick to cod.ps: there is no sweeter satisfaction then getting off multiple bolt action rifle kills in succession because that my friends is actual skill.pps: if you have slow fps, download razer cortex. speeds up fps, worked good for me especially with this game.8.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,15767591,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Swägermeister,"Be German NCO. Launch attack on enemy trench and suceed in taking it. When the trench you just took is about to be overrun and you and one or two other troopers are all that's left on your side, gas your own trench to choke out the enemy.11/10, would gas my own trench again.This game induces paranoia in the trenches. It is an intense shooter that sucks me in, and I despise most fps games."
76561198076321662,Recommended,242860,15771167,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,GonkiWonki,"This is one very lovely game. It has the potential to become really big. You can notice that it is not finished yet. There are a few issues with the game, but almost nothing gamebreaking. When I played the free open beta for Battlefield Hardline just weeks before its release, that had more gamebreaking bugs and glitches than this game.I bought Verdun when it was on 66% sale a few days after christmas 2014 and I loved it from the start. It is very historically accurate in the way it plays. Authentic weapons, authentic maps and a very good atmosphere. I do really recommend this game to anyone. Or, well, if you don't like games that are not really finished, you might not enjoy it that much yet, but you should certainly give it a try later.So there are some things I would like to say to the developers. First, thank you for a fantastic game. Keep it up. Next, Give the balancer more power. if the difference between the teams is too big people should be forced to change. Like what happens in Battlefield 3. And finally, I really love the music in the menu. It's simply great. You could add distant voices in the menu singing ""Swing low, sweet chariot"" as well. That'd be great.Sorry for bad english if it is bad but it only shows that the game is international. If you excuse me, I'm now off to kill some germans in the trenches. :D"
,Not Recommended,242860,15716178,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,black/s,Very bad game.... not intresting ........ i want my money back
76561198140783734,Recommended,242860,15782329,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Insanityy,Verdun is my most favorite game I can not get enough of it. Met so many great people on it. And this game requires teamwork unlike many other games you have to communicate where you will attack next and what to do so you will not get annihilated. So that is what makes Verdun my favorite game also I have wanted a good WWI game for a long time it is the best game I have played so its a must get if you like history and war games!
,Recommended,242860,15738557,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Fenixer02,I like the moment when we have to run from cover to cover in no man's land. Sometime artillery shell drop right on my head.10/10 would run again
76561198008016200,Not Recommended,242860,15775095,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,STEVOS101,Cannot play the game!! There is some sort of server issue (exception on connect) which means i simply cannot connect to server.........and it looks like it will be this way untill they get round to fixing it!
76561198139119436,Recommended,242860,15778206,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Zirwyn,"This Game is awesome i feel like i've been playing it forever, i do get abit anrgy but that kinda angry makes you just want to go back and back and kill my enemys!!!!!i did also think there was a story mode to this kinda dissapointing but oh well it's a great game!"
76561198060577445,Recommended,242860,15778718,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,SpookySpenders88™,Fantasic game! 11/10
,Recommended,242860,15778790,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Leander (Llama),Got spawnkilled 5 consecutive times by mortarsEnded up with shell shock IRL10/10 Would go to psychiatric asylum again
76561198007456093,Recommended,242860,15779292,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,PopeGregoryIX,Great game.
,Recommended,242860,2225719,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Maj. Deathly,Recommended for anyone who is interested in a WW1 shooter.
76561198072496641,Recommended,242860,15781028,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,wampower99,"Verdun is beyond a simple FPS. Verdu really gets you invested in it, because of all the cruel realism. One rifle shot is all it takes to end you, so you have to be smart and understand and adapt to the danger. With the long respawn times, advances by your team can be very fragile. A couple people shot and you're suddenly unable to take their trench. If you die too much, then you fail. But if you survive to take the trench you get a good satisfactory feeling. Despite the ease of death, killing is still hard, sokills feel very satisfactory when you get them.This summary is brief, but all in all, Verdun is a hard and rewarding fps. Its good challenge if you want to try your hand at something requiring more thought and skill than many other FPSs"
,Recommended,242860,16612044,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cerlin,"So at first I was interested but sceptical about this game. How fun could a trench back and forth be?Well very very fun apparently!I have put 25 hours in so far and I am just getting started.What makes it fun?Well the Shooting/mechanics are all pretty solid. It handles really well and nothing feels too strong, and if it does it is very limited (e.g. Snipers or MGS.) Everything has a counter and is useful.The atmosphere is also great. The sound and feel of this game is really good to get you into the period mood. The costumes and colors all do well to sell it.Then it comes down to progression. The personal progression is fast and fair. The squad progression is where this game really shines however. You level up with EXP between you and others and as you level up you get cosmetic and squad wide buffs that you will always have. This leads to motivations for good 'teams' to play together. The matchmaker to find your friends is also very easy which I appreciate.There are still some bugs (like with the create squad screen dropping you when you launch) but they are manageable. It is also an online games so sometimes the shots you were sure were going to hit miss because he technically fired first. Overall tho, I love this game and I hope to put a couple hundred hours into it."
76561198046436239,Recommended,242860,16613135,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DasReject,The typical Verdun gameplay experience in a nutshell:-Stands up: gets shot-Crouches: gets shot-Prone: gets shot-Spawns in: gets shot-Takes sniper rifle-Slowly and methodically picks off entire enemy team from long distance-Satisfaction10/10 would rage-snipe again
76561198034963884,Recommended,242860,16613179,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Hidden Walrus,"If you're in to high quality graphics and breathtaking scenery, this isn't your game. If you're into dirty, muddy, skill oriented combat, this is your game. The maps play a very even style where only the team with the best shots and tactics can over take the enemy. The one shot kill dynamic adds an air of caution to everything you do and it makes it an absolute thrill."
76561198190522611,Recommended,242860,16614839,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,officekato1008,It is very fun.  But I wish we played the ww2.
,Recommended,242860,16616589,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,bambles,"If you like games like Insurgency, then you'll like this one."
76561198006716395,Recommended,242860,16492447,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Patriotnations10 | NRA |,"If you like Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm, Insurgency, or other ""realistic"" shooters you will enjoy this.  Although I see myself probably putting in less hours because of the limited variety of maps/weapons.Game feels a tad unfinished/unpolished, some spawn camping, confusing/unessesary level up/unlock system for weapons and squad abilities, should have just focused on gameplay like insurgency.Also, if you ever played Call of Duty 2 for PC and played Bolt Gun only servers, that is exactly what the ""free for all"" mode feels like, but with worse/less dynamic maps.Game also chops around a bit, and they even have a message during a loading screen adressing this, prompting users to ""tweak"" their graphics settings.Do not pay more than 10ish dollars for this game."
,Recommended,242860,16493141,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,The Scotsman,"Keep moving, never stop. When you're not moving, you're a easy target. Great War, great game."
76561198054534765,Recommended,242860,16494219,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hammy,this game is awesome very much recomend
76561198201164403,Recommended,242860,16495402,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,YourMumisFat420,A very good game if your into world war 1 and first person shooters!! Absolutlety love it!
,Recommended,242860,16499686,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,quintino,it's a lot of fun!
76561198096142712,Recommended,242860,16499913,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BZKaizer,In a time when almost every FPS seems to be a gimmick Verdun offers a simple proposal: Pacey bolt action warfare. It is a great interpretation of making WWI a fun game. Hold your wit as bullets wizz and artillery explode near you as you try to land the headshot on the NCO 100m away leading the charge.10/10 would inhale chlorine gas again.
,Recommended,242860,16499946,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ashly Blackwood,Its a really good gameIt's better with friends so if one of your friends have it you should also get it. but its still extremely good by itself.
76561198073596770,Recommended,242860,16500934,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hawkins,We all need to see blood & gore in this game so that we can spot whos dead from far away quicker and of course the amazing visuals that can be enjoyed if the blood marks right where you shot them.
76561198030567420,Recommended,242860,16505150,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,LemonPhantom101,Spawn inClimb out of Trench get ShotSpawn againHide in trench get shotSpawn.....You know what happensTwo weeks later same thing againTotally worth dieing for!
76561198064945050,Recommended,242860,16505504,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,VulgarButFluent,"finally. a good WWI game. maybe the only WWI game, but it is exceptional. take out the glitter and glam from battlefield, the submachine-y sprinting spray and pray of call of duty, add really well done audio and an actual working squad system and here it is. Verdun. its an exceptional FPS that is truly unique."
,Recommended,242860,16631134,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lord Hortler,"This game is splendid and it is definitly worth the money good job Blackmill Games and M2H.Graphics are superb and the teamwork is real but some animations are a bit derpy for exemple the reload animation for the automatic pistol ""ruby"" (I'm not sure it's named like this) and also for the german mg, when you've got no ammo left, you can still see bullets in the gun's magazine.I rate this game 9/10.(Definitly better then COD)"
76561198179751363,Recommended,242860,16457555,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Colonel Bill Kilgore,This game is just too good; history lovers need to buy this game now. The only negative thing I would have to say is that everyone seems to leave a server at the end of a game; however this small point has little impact on the overall experience.
,Recommended,242860,16632395,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Oh God™,gr8 game m8 8/8
,Recommended,242860,16635243,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Skullwan,Great game with fun combat and rewarding gameplay! One of those games you come back to after a day or two of not playing. Very fun and I have had no bugs or crashes yet. Ragdolls of dead corpses are hilarious. Would recommend buying when its on sale.7/10
,Recommended,242860,16635940,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,supream,best shooter in the future ive ever played made mario kart look like a bad fifa game
76561198000445787,Recommended,242860,16639022,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ishotheman,NOT to bad of game i dont mind it very much its really hard to play but the reward of getting a kill is worth it!
,Recommended,242860,16642289,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zeppy,"Verdun strikes a perfect balance between realism and fun gameplay. The push-pull mechanic is well thought out, the squad system and progression encourages 'realistic' play without sacrificing fun (ie having to stick with your commanding officer, heeding orders and working together all nets you more XP). It's immersive and rewarding."
76561198066808117,Recommended,242860,16642525,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Quzzappp,AMAZING
76561198047718474,Recommended,242860,16646491,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ATrueLiability,"-Joins the war-Meets new friends in the trenches, they seem nice-Gets told to go over the top into the battlefield-See friends dying around me-Get to the other trenches to see that Fred survived-""Hi Fred"" I said as the morter hit him on the head...""Bye Fred""- 1 month has past- ""I refuse to go over the top again"" I said while in the corner sobbing- Gets shot because the German ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s saw that I was sobbing- Goes home with a lollipop from the doctor10/10 Would get shot to get a lollipop again"
76561197970640319,Recommended,242860,16647642,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,moridin,"Fantastic squad based tactical fps with amazing maps and realistic weapons. Not for Call of Duty twitch gamers! This game rewards teamwork, tactics and use of cover. I can't recomend this game highly enough to anyone who prefers to play with their head rather than their rapid mouse clicking ability."
76561198124950114,Recommended,242860,13956984,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,armaspartan,"fun, real easy to just jump in and play. Cant wait for a finsihed project but great stuff for beta or alpha.....! would reccommend! !"
76561198073990692,Recommended,242860,13958735,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kharn The Betrayer,"I joined a game on the germans side..all i heard was ""for the third reich ""and Win for hitler......10/10 will hitler again"
,Recommended,242860,13959659,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Joshi The Bear Jew,"Fantastic Game, well worth buying. Beautiful Graphics, user friendly controls. The first WW1 shooter out there, well worth the buy in my eyes. I would go into further details about the game but i can't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,242860,14079819,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CHEF_PUGSTER,Great game honestly. Gameplay and the gunplay is excellent. This game differs from your typical fps as u r placed in the battles of ww1. Not many game movies or even tv shows feature ww1. they r mostly all about ww2 which offf course everyone knows and loves but rly how many of us actually know what types of fire armed and weaponry is used in ww1. truly this is a game for anyone who loves the trench warfare of ww1 or anyone who wants something different in your fps
,Recommended,242860,14073709,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,FeelgoodMD,"OBVIOUSLY THIS GAME IS STILL IN BETA. You WILL encounter bugs (none of them game-breaking), but everyone else is getting them too. That being said, I've watched it get better and better. Devs are clearly committed to improving the game and keeping it fairly historically accurate. The game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard - completely different gameplay than most AAA FPS titles these days. Don't think you'll be able to run and gun, you'll just die over and over. Work with your squad, make smart decisions, play slowly, and you'll enjoy this game."
76561198013678468,Recommended,242860,14074918,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sgtshock,"Taking heavy fire by a German MG08 machine gun. Commander jumps up on top of trench yells ""Viva la France"" and charges. He is shot almost immediatly, but not in vain. Everyone on team rushes up after him and start yelling. Mg08 was killed by a sniper here was our chance.  We storm into trench only to be mowed down  by one German Offizer with a Luger.9/10 would die for France again."
,Recommended,242860,14076242,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,aestro,"9/10 Ofcourse, as a game in beta, It is not safe to rate it right now. But never the less, this (so far) is a fantastic WW1 trench-based FPS full of teamwork, fun, and a Call Of Duty 2 feel. I highly reccomend to more 'Experienced' pc users. Verdun 9/10."
76561198066912663,Recommended,242860,14138004,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Mr. President,Spent 20 minutes in no man's land avoiding MG and rifle bullets.Moment I get in trench I get bashed to death with German binoculars.10/10 would bash again
,Recommended,242860,14131650,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,BukkakePizza,"you need good eyesight to play this game, or good glasses. ww1 was a lot of iron site sniping from a long distance. fun game, wish there was an eastern front"
76561198116752642,Recommended,242860,14146064,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,boarishattempt,cleared a trench by beating people with a pistol then got choked out on mustard gas.♥♥♥♥ing awsome game.
,Recommended,242860,13155167,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,yongqi0724,Like this game.I hope the editor will fix these bugs asap! And please add more weapon!
76561198025697462,Recommended,242860,13533230,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,blackopp95,If you like Trench Warfare this game is amazing i really enjoy itTHough its in beta and it does have its bugs and glitches its still a great game to playLove the snowball stages though those are fun
76561198061790726,Recommended,242860,13537244,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ScrotieMcBoogerBalls,"For a Beta the visuals are actually pretty decent, I love that it's a back and forth and not an all out shootfest. I don't really see the use of some of the ""classes"" like being a commander but the idea is good, once the small glitches are worked out, and the visuals are polished a bit it'll be an awesome full release."
76561198104350188,Recommended,242860,13537390,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Destango,"This game is actually pretty fun i highly recommend buying it and giving it a playthrough, being able to play as Bitish, French, German and Canadian forces is a nice touch of diversity for the various multiplayer battles, the only con for me is that i wish they had full controller support"
76561198054701749,Recommended,242860,13539342,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cole Kilpatrick,"Though it's a little rough around the edges, Verdun is one of the first true games to feature a first-person WWI setting. The maps are very large and fun to traverse though you may bump into some lag and character models but that is to be expected from a game currently in beta. If you're wanting to get away from all the current futuristic war games, Verdun is for you!"
76561198135216003,Recommended,242860,16656011,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Smokey,I have played some multiplayer games before but none seemed to satisfy me ( i prefer single player games )With Verdun i'm instantly hooked !!!
76561198065655337,Recommended,242860,16657500,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,315 of something,Verdun is an extremely  good how the hell did I get shot simulator. Verdun also lets you experience the sensations of being shot and killed not just once but at least 10 times per round. All in all 12/10 would be shot again.  Excpet for that one time when I was blown up by my own NCO.
,Recommended,242860,15678422,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,THEREDBARONmvr,"An absolute amazing game. Like most graphic intensive games it does not run well on weak computers. But if you have a good one, you will be in awe at the both intense combat and stellar graphics, but be ready for trench stalemates. It deserves many thumbs up in my book."
76561198044169309,Recommended,242860,16659795,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,joshw137,-shooting enemies from trench-gas attacks hits-see buddy put on gas mask-panic as i didnt know how to put on gas mask-frantically pressing random buttons-give up and run-become paralysed-die11/10 would fail again
,Recommended,242860,16659886,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Andrsoze,"This is a somewhat unpolished historical FPS gem. Despite the obvious technical issues that are still in there, I can recommend this to anyone who enjoys an unforgiving, but ultimately rewarding historical shooter."
76561198037377975,Recommended,242860,16818156,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Moffmoffin,Awesome! best game i have ever played!!!
76561198076460453,Recommended,242860,16819170,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Apex_Predator,"Anyone who talks of spawn killing etc. is telling only part of the truth as the game as a whole flows well through most maps, the gameplay is really satisfying and was even better with friends!10/10 would die by spade again"
76561198106689806,Recommended,242860,16821328,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Arry,"This game is amazing, if you want to get a good fps that is different then this is the right choice for you"
,Recommended,242860,16821399,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Anax of Rhodes,"Call of Duty 1 meets Mount & Blade: Napoleonic Wars.  Great concept, lovingly executed, rough around the edges, tough as all heck, but worthy of a try if you're a fan of FPSs."
76561198047605778,Recommended,242860,16477073,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RelativeGalaxy7,"- Spawn as Canadian Soldier- Readying my Maple Syrup before battle.- Some British prick NCO tells us to go over the top- Take a big drink of Captain Morgan followed by Maple Syrup- Storm across No-Man's Land like an enraged Moose- Leap into German trenches- Kill a METRIC♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of Germans- Make sure to say ""Sorry"" afterwards- Get a Victoria CrossBest Canadian War Simulator Ever. 10/10 would use Metric (superior) System again."
76561198137090181,Recommended,242860,16478336,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Slappy Tuna,"...When you hear the whistling in the distance your entire body preventively crunches together to prepare for the enormous explosions. Every new explosion is a new attack, a new fatigue, a new affliction. Even nerves of the hardest of steel, are not capable of dealing with this kind of pressure. The moment comes when the blood rushes to your head, the fever burns inside your body and the nerves, numbed with tiredness, are not capable of reacting to anything anymore. It is as if you are tied to a pole and threatened by a man with a hammer. First the hammer is swung backwards in order to hit hard, then it is swung forwards, only missing your scull by an inch, into the splintering pole. In the end you just surrender. Even the strength to guard yourself from splinters now fails you. There is even hardly enough strength left to pray to God.... The immersion is pretty good."
,Recommended,242860,16479868,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Snowierpie,FORWARD!RETREAT!FORWARD!RETREAT!
,Recommended,242860,16480967,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Beornwahl,It took 47 min after I startet playing this game until I bought a headset with a microphone.
76561198072030829,Recommended,242860,11489883,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,tmaci,"This is actually my favorite multiplayer game now. Between trading insults with the Germans/French and shooting them/being shot by them I have found one of the most open communities ever. The gameplay is incredibly objective based and isn't just about ""kill people who are different race than you"", or kill the Russian terrorist nationalist drug dealer arms supplier assasins. It's incredibly gritty and none of the weapons are overpowered causing a domination type gameplay. Overall I think this a fantastic game and everyone who likes WW1 FPS's or just a good game should buy it."
,Recommended,242860,16481272,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jord,Fantastic game. Has kept me going for hours.Teamwork required!
,Recommended,242860,16485244,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Killerchestnut,10/10 would gas canadians again
,Recommended,242860,16485569,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AMAROK,"this is a good game.   if you like ww1 history and the rush of mainline drugs, this is it.   play with the volume up for best experiance."
,Recommended,242860,20459956,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Trustworthy Altar Boy,"Let me just preface this by saying that this is the most accurate depiction of WWI combat I've seen to date.You will die.Frequently, without warning, and often without knowledge of exactly who or what killed you.War is hell.Make it suck more for the guy in the other trench."
76561198046719931,Recommended,242860,30678358,Posted: 22 March,all,MeathRoy,"The game is a very tense shooter, one shot will normally kill and often your weapon will be a bolt action rifle or a short range pistol until the heavy support machine guns are unlocked. The player needs to be attentive at all times you will be unlikely to find out who shot you at all for the first few hours.A unique challenge at first which can be frustating to new players, eventually becomes rewarding from the adrenaline rush of never knowing how long you have left. The game runs well but I would recommend having the settings at maximum, otherwise would set you at a disadvantage as matching up the iron sights with a head which will appear roughly the size of 3mm square really does require ultra settings.Some maps are not so interesting and at times become futile with a lack cover or clarity in tactical use. The vast majority enable the player to effectively work as a team to move forward and dominate the enemy. This game would be amazing with a group of friends, but alas, I am a loner in ownership of this game.TLDR: Decent game for the 6£ price I paid, the facade of the game is wanting but the core dynamics and gameplay are spot on as a WW1 trench FPS."
76561197970491665,Recommended,242860,20450576,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,maleficarus™,Good game overall! I would recommend to all fans of WW1 and WW2...
76561198108009023,Recommended,242860,20704212,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Lancer,"Excellent fun, solid game mechanics, and accurately captures the feeling of squatting in  trench terrified as machine guns and mortars rip up the Earth. Sincerely recommended."
76561198212658193,Recommended,242860,20703643,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,potatocool11,Man this has to be one of the best games ever its very historically accurate its really good fun ad I could spend days on it but school takes that away from me. I'm just saying there is not any swearing if you turn the chat and speak audio off but even when you do have it on the word (it is only one) isn't that bad. The only one thing that isn't in it is campaign but it could be coming out soon. All in all I would give it 101 out of 100 its that good :)
76561198070986580,Recommended,242860,20657971,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Gerald and the sugar snap peas,welcome to a real mans war now become the best German
76561198010494890,Recommended,242860,23610828,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,YuriVII,Great WWI game. Has the feeling of WW1 and trench warfare. Get this instead of Battlefield 1 because ♥♥♥♥ EA.
,Recommended,242860,20687922,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,PegLegPete,Great fun!
76561198093331343,Recommended,242860,20588733,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[SoR3]Devil4314,The game has a little ways to go before it is completed. The graphics are coming along nicely and I hope that the Devs are able to put some more guns into the game soon. This is a great Indie game but lacks a lot of the smooth polish of AAA titles like CoD or BF. It is a hardcore game that takes a lot of skill to master and can be very rewarding but also can be extremely frustrating. Would not recommend for the average laptop as it takes at least 40 FPS to be playable and a low ping.
76561198027191826,Recommended,242860,20587908,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kamster,Best WW1 game I have played in a long long time! 9.5/10
76561198071852636,Recommended,242860,20566308,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,paulmcd79,"Love thios game, it's almost as good as Rising storm. Any multiplayer game involving ww1 or 2 seem to be the best games. I just wish it had a leveling system like Rising Storm and more people in the servers. Add more maps to please."
76561198259164581,Recommended,242860,20579473,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kendallod24,Great Game and good value. A MUST have...
76561198174602622,Recommended,242860,20578106,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Restlessbox29,I love this game probably one of the best world war games out their besides heroes and gernerals but now im just waiting on more new content for the game to make it even better
,Recommended,242860,20572527,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Denver,When I first picked it up I wasn't execpting much but this WWI Tactical shooter is the most fun I have ever had with a FPS and can't stop playing. Try it!!!!
,Not Recommended,242860,20586415,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Rice.Chrissy,"The gameplay is good. Guns are almost the same, the only difference of the rifles are the ammo count and sights. Game's buggy at its current state and I'm always having connection problems."
76561198104453440,Recommended,242860,20587090,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,XallZall,"If you like WWI games, and its theme and area, this game is for you!Like Rise Of Flight, it is super detailed, and captures the atmosphere of WW1.You dig in, and try to repel off the enemy attack, then when the ground is secured you and your team go for a general advance in a attempt to take over the enemy trench. It is a really good balance of attack and defend.The reload animations are excellent, plenty of variety of guns and soldier classes.Barbed wire could get you killed, you can call in artillery bomb and gas strikes.I can compare it somewhat to red orchestra as well, most guns kill with a single shot, so if you are familiar with red orchestra, you know how to advance and defend, it is similar in nature.Move slowly and cautiously to victory!It is a fun game, and I can recommend it to anyone interested in WW1 and in general as a good tactical shooter."
,Not Recommended,242860,30677644,Posted: 22 March,all,Neesan Addict/Superior Siscon,"I enjoy this game for the most part, But there's a few problems with the game that I figured i'd bring up going from least to most irritating.There's no real custom options for your games. It would be nice to add some variety by allowing players to mess around with some features like player count.The HUD blends into the background since it's transparent and colored pretty similairly to the ground around itThe game has a large number of weapons that fill the same role (which is cool) but very little information on the basic function of the gun like rate of fire, ammo capacity or reload speed, For instance the Lee Metford appears in the game but you wouldn't know it can't use stripper clips unless you were told or ended up like me loading 10 rounds in the damn thing one at a time.The gas mask designs for every different nationality in the game use different models. By far the worst is the German's imo since it has small bars across the lense that obstruct your vision in first person. It would be nice if they got rid of that to balance it out.When playing the wave survival mode last stand at the start of the waves the bots sometimes get a scripted artillery barrage to support them at the start of the round. The ones that release phosgene over part of the line or a cloud of smoke in front are cool, Because they make you have to change your tactics but... The other support is just a straight explosive shell barrage that drops on part of your line, A lot of the time it's unavoidable to get hit by it and you only have 4 men for the wave at most. Dying or losing buddies at the start of a wave isn't fun and if it doesn't kill anybody that means all it did was displace you from part of the line for 20 seconds. It doesn't add anything good to the mode and I would prefer it if it was gone.There isn't an easy way to cancel your reload when you single load a gun. and if you load a gun with a clip but don't top it off from the clip you will continue to load it with single rounds. It's very irritating to use the pattern 1917 and load a clip then waste the extra time topping it off (which btw if we're being realistic the springfield and gewehr 98 rifles can also load 6 rounds like the 1917) and The only way i've found to cancel a reload is to melee, But even if you do when you go to fire you have to charge the gun by pressing the fire button. Even though the rifle would have it's bolt closed after you just loaded a round into it. This is really obtuse and off putting because if you have the bolt closed after reloading obviously you would be ready to fire. And i've seen very few games where you can't interrupt single loading a gun.Finally my biggest problem with this game is the way you level up your squads. Instead of being rewarded for getting points while playing as a specific squad type like landser or something. They have a inane system called coop xp where you only get rewards for XP gained with other people who have to be playing with your squad at the same time. It's probably the worst thought out progression system i've ever had the misfortune to experience. Not only does it link to your ability to call in sick as hell fire support and get buffs, But it also means that if you get a cosmetic upgrade for your squad and then the dickwad you've been playing with for the past few hours leaves you'll be reverted back to your old ugly uniforms.And because there's no options to customize your games you can't even set it up so that everyone has cosmetic upgrades or their squad starts out buffed. I never bothered to look into the progression system before I bought this game. And now I feel like a parent who refused to get a prenatal gene screening and ended up with an almost completely functionally incapable child who will never develop beyond post-lobotomy Rosemary Kennedy!On a final note I can't recommend this game because the playerbase is tiny and there's very little variety in terms of maps and gameplay, Although there is a ton of obscure cruddy ww1 era firearms if you like them. Unless you'd like to do the same thing with the same people for very long periods of time I would give it a miss."
,Recommended,242860,20597526,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,UiF Retna,"challenging at first, addicting when you get into the swing of things and super rewarding when you makke the highscores list! 10 out of 10"
76561198169077665,Recommended,242860,20584506,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mein Führer,"The action, the atmosphere, the carnage, the rifle and artillary mortality, the squad roles, and the history make this a great game."
76561198010058762,Recommended,242860,20484059,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Harambe bin Laden,"I really like this game. Superficially, It looks a lot like CoD, but it plays NOTHING like CoD. You expose yourself just a little too much and you die. This is a game that rewards patience and teamwork, and if you're the sort of person that wants a shooter like that then this game is for you."
76561198167748838,Recommended,242860,15802951,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Generic Twat,"What to say about Verdun... well... it's a WWI based MMO FPS game, and i really makes it worth 21,50 euros. It has beautiful graphics and some maps look very realistic. It realisticly captures WWI battles (bolt action rifles, MGs, pistols, trench models, player models, weapon models...). It's very realistic. I've been wating for this game a long time and i have to say the devs working on this game have really out done themselves. However, it has some problems. For example: some bugs ( falling through the map, while prone in a trench you can teleport to No Man's Land), needs better rifle and character animations and a hacker prevention system. Otherwise it is great and i recomend it to all WWI fans and MMO, FPS fans.10/10 would die for a hole in dirt again"
76561198012456803,Recommended,242860,15788873,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,SinAsylum,This game is epic. I've been playing non stop since I got it. Once you've got the maps down everything else will follow. If you're an experienced FPS player you'll catch on quick. Gore overhaul is coming soon so stand the ♥♥♥♥ by!
76561198108064405,Recommended,242860,15790137,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Reapers Wrath,"Night has fallen its right around 2100 hours. Im strolling through the trenches keeping my head down looking for my buddy   Charlie. An ememy plane flies overhead...probably scouting our postions. My boots are soaked through with water,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and blood. I round the bend and there he is peaking over the trenchtop to see if he can see anyone approaching I call his name and he steps down and turns around. ""Hey you son of a ♥♥♥♥♥"" he says. ""looks like you didnt die today."" ""Nope"" i say. ""Looks like we made it through another day in hell."" Charlie grins and flips out a pack of smokes and shakes one forward offering it to me. ""Nah im good man i still got a whole pack."" Charlie shrugs his sholders and lights his smoke taking a long drag. "" How much longer you think this battle is gonna go on for?""  He peeks back over the edge and takes another drag. ""Hell if i know ma-------"". A bullet rips through charlie's head like Its a rotten log, covering me in bits of brain and skull.  The sniper having zoomed in on the glow of the smoke, taking charlies whole head as a result. "" CHARLIE NOOOOOOO!"" I scream while launching myself out of the trench. Popping rounds off as i go. Bullets ripped into the ground all around me I pause in a mortor whole to launch a grenade rewarded with a scream and a pause of incoming fire I hope up again to resume my demented charge and bullets shred through me my chest making me look like a piece of swiss cheese. I fall to the ground vision blurring and look up at the stars till i see no more.Thats what this game is in a nutshell. and its ♥♥♥♥ing AWESOME!!! You will die alot but you will also kill alot its probably one of the best FPS i have played in awhile. BUY THIS GAME NOW."
,Recommended,242860,15790332,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Peeonstuff,This game is straight fire. Believe that fam
,Recommended,242860,15791543,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,CivicGuard,If you are into a old school type of game where the idea is not run at the enemy and get a 37 killstreak. It's more of a patience and skillbased game. The game is quite new and I've had 3 crashes but nothing annoying. I recommend this game if you like Red Orchestra or Insurgency.
76561198094150385,Recommended,242860,10855924,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,modertxctf,"I love the game, but unless you play with the visual settings on high, you can't tell the enemy from a tree. Since it is the only game that is of this time period, I don't know why I didn't start playing it sooner; since I love war history.BUY THE GAME. IT'S GREAT"
76561198065426597,Recommended,242860,14412572,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Zapp Brannigan,for anyone thinking about buying this game ...  do !!!!1. now that they have released the game with patches and new maps the game is amazing2. the game never breaks down now and is incredibly fun3.the only ww1 stradegy/ fpsthe game has great potential and im looking forward to the map packs
,Recommended,242860,15796089,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,BigGrenBeast,"i am having a lot of fun with it, i always wanted a WW1 game after all of the WW2 ones that came out what seems like a very long time ago, i thought maybe running from trench to trench would be fun, turns out it is, and a bit scary, you hear bullets wizzing past your head, wile your in no mands land, back splash all around you from the MGs fireing at you, nades being tossed here and there, and gas being deployed every now and then to not only kill but to hide in as well, its fun to play a lone just run in and die, run in and die again,  run in a third time get a kill and die, or play with friends so you all can run in and die together, maybe after 30 minuets of that you might take their trench and win, i hear there are going to be some cool and free updates that will be comming soon to add more stuf, who cares what it is its free, just remeber if some one says left then they probibly just got their rights and left mixed up again so go to the right"
76561198045882372,Recommended,242860,15796224,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,eviljoejr,got 24 kills and zero deaths ina match...10/10 would rek again
,Recommended,242860,15583801,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Wulfburk,"Its a very good game that has come a long way since i bought it. It improved alot graphics wise and more importantly gameplay wise. All in all its a great WW1 trench warfare experience.Though personally would love if  they added the austro-hungarians, russians, italians and the ottomans and other fronts such as the italian front, the sinai campaign and palestine/syria, the eastern front and etc, to give a bigger variety on the maps. But i dont think that will happen since its supposed to focus on the western front trench warfare. Because of that we dont get any maps on the race to the sea and the hundred days offensive either.Personally its a good alternative for me when i get enough of Forgotten Hope 2 (mod for Battlefield 2 which i play all day evry day) and Red Orchestra 2 which is my second option.."
76561198113276842,Recommended,242860,15864631,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,cpt main,This is a really great game. i played it through its beta days and the way its changed is amazing. not many FPS have such a strategic element. I believe that this game will go far.
76561198047594835,Recommended,242860,15867962,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cartagia,10/10 would kill Jerry with a Webley Bayonet again
,Recommended,242860,15868217,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Merlin,I just entered to try the Linux version and didn't expect much.Then I really got hooked into the battle. The game is quite polished and moving + shooting works quite natural.It's recommended especially for Linux gamres.
76561197982744989,Recommended,242860,15869363,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,SongsofSand,"Historical accuracy is great in this game, it can be frustrating but war sucks and at least you can respawn in this one.I strongly recommend this game to everyone that enjoyed red orchestra or the old CoDs.I want to have many children with this game."
,Not Recommended,242860,15869673,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,LeBerduk,"Just bought it and played it on my laptop with a dedicated card.Do NOT buy this game unless you have a decent PC to run it on high settings.I am quite disappointed by the visuals of the game on low settings: brown shadowy figures on a brown background. As a result, you cannot see enemies! Poor visibility puts you at a huge disadvantage especially considering that this game is plagued by a long-distance camping.Tried the game to run on high setting (with 9 FPS) and noticed a huge improvement on visibility.  Checked out couple of videos of playthroughs with high settings. Again, the game has a much better visibility. So if you do not have a decent PC then you are automatically at huge disadvantage in the game. Takes out all the fun.Again, I do not recommend this game unless you have a PC to run it on high settings."
,Recommended,242860,15872741,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Thomas,"Great game, it features so many well versed angles of the first world war. If by all means, I truly feel immersed when playing this, it actually feel as if I were storming trenches. Excellent work by the game developers, and I hope to see far more advanced projects in the years to come."
,Recommended,242860,15873554,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,berde,"Hello Everyone, This is my review for the game Verdun. Verdun is a World War 1 squad-based Multiplayer first-person shooter. It takes its name off of the Battle Of Verdun that lasted till 21st of February to the 18th of December in the year 1916. But aside from that, now about the game. The game (in my opinion) is incredible. Because it shows what warfare was like in the trenches, plus the weapons are super accurate to their real life versions. The game is well done and the graphics are amazing. Now thinking it, I can't think of anything bad about the game! it's that good. Overall I would recommend this game to any FPS lover, Historian, or just anyone at that matter. This game costs £17.00 ($26.73). If you had the money, I would recommend getting this game. You can follow Verdun on twitter @VerdunGame"
,Recommended,242860,15883719,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Verbal,"Most enjoyable FPS in the last 5 years. Bolt action rifles have been a big love of mine since the old COD2, and in VERDUN they are the weapon to master if you want to succeed. If you are looking for a spray and pray, this is not it. It has enjoyable game modes and a brilliant COOP XP system. So why should you buy this game?1 - Rewarding game mode. The main game mode of Verdun is trench warfare. You have a set amount of time to try and take the enemies trench. If you kill enough of them you get bonus time to do this. If you have someone in the trench and your time runs out it goes into overtime. If you have more of your team in the trench than the enemy you start capping it, if you clear the enemy out, its yours. You then have to defend it from their counter attack, and if successful have a new trench to cap, thus changing the map you are playing on. A game is won by how many times you capture the enemies trench. I have seen many games go 0-0 as this is not easy. This produces a sense of significance when you do capture the trench. You feel like your team has actually accomplished something more than just killing all the members on the other team. The 0-0 matches are still highly enjoyable as you always come so close to capturing the enemies trench, and furthermore it is rather true to the nature of WW1 combat.2 - Coop XP. We now live in the gaming world of FPS XP. This was great when it first came to be, but has since grown stale and rather broken, as those with more XP tend to have access to better equipment. Unlocking equipment is simple in Verdun, and you start with a bank of unlocks which you can choose to spend wherever you see fit. So you start the game able to compete fairly from the start. What is interesting is the XP you earn for your squad by working together with teammates. You have coop xp with those you play with, which levels up your squad, which unlocks minor perks, such as military uniforms from 1918, which look remarkably more badass than the 1914 ones. This provides good incentives for teamwork, but high level squads are rare and the perks small so as to not break the game at all.3 - Enjoyable Weapons. The AK47 and M16 are all fun and good. But they require little skill in a FPS compared to the bolt action rifles of old. If you want the feel of a game that actually rewards your accuracy and speed, this is it.10/10 - Best FPS in 5 years, no doubt."
,Recommended,242860,15672396,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Tom,Get gassed by Germans. 8/8
,Recommended,242860,15672819,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,slyfutret,"WW1 has been crying out for some good fps attention (indeed, it is remarkable that more have not hit the market given the ongoing centenary of the conflict) and Verdun is a more than worthy WW1 entrant to the growing ""FPS with brains"" genre. If you've played the Red Orchestra series (if not, why not?) you'll be right at home with the moving fronts style game mechanics and this approach works particularly well in a WW1 trench warfare setting.In particular the attack and counter attack phases are well implemented and fit nice with the subject matter and there are many really nice touches such as the meaningful implementation of gas attacks that all serve to add value and longevity.In short this is a quality FPS  in the Red Orchestra style mould where you can see the devs passion for the history of the conflict really shining through. The devs appear to be in this for the long haul with a defined road map of further good things coming and the game as it stands is an absolute steal for the price.Thoroughly recommended by me, go get it. Look forward to seeing you in the Trenches!"
,Recommended,242860,16222333,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dovahborn,"I have played this gsame since it came out, and i know that being NCO is AMAZING!Rein down terror from mortars! Command your soldiers! Take out enemies with a pistol! Possibilities are endless!"
,Recommended,242860,16224841,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,CMNatic,"This game is absolutely amazing. I got a refund for this game (sorry) because I wasn't playing it enough, and when I did. I was mostly being spawn camped. I could do with the money right now. However, plan to buy it later!Pros:+ Teamwork unlike any other game+ Unique gameplay, no match is the same+ This game is truly the only war game you should have+ Great servers, no lag.+ Lots of players, match making doesn't take long.+ GAS WARFARE+ Can run suprisingly well on most computers!Cons:- Hitboxes can be weird- I feel that you can get shot from people that you yourself can't see- Spawn camping is a huge issue- SNIPERS- For a game where strong trench defence and suicide charging is a big theme, spawn timers are long."
76561198048124218,Recommended,242860,15496803,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,AWM629,"Haven't played many shooters that could even compare with how good this game is and it is also historicaly set in world war 1! How many games out there are like that? None. Strongly recomend for you to get it, even now, so you can help support them and so you can see it evolve, plus it's loads of fun, and when it's finished it will be one of the best games I have played."
,Not Recommended,242860,14109071,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,dedektifmemoli,Same cod♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242860,16164808,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,✠Cpt. E. Blackadder✠,"Superb game that brings innovative new features to the squad-based FPS genre. Just goes to show that the 'First World War games don't work' crowd are wrong. The atmosphere is brilliant and the maps feel like realistic areas of terrain, rather than streamlined, set pieces."
76561198215907556,Recommended,242860,16037878,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lt. Funtimez,i loved this game. The first world war 1 shooter I've seen and its a little complicated but you soon get used to it.
76561198183577902,Recommended,242860,16041576,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Schnitzel,It is a very very good game I recommend it to people who are interested in world war 1 and competitive First person shooters. I think it is a 10/10 game for the gameplay and the detail in the trenches.
,Recommended,242860,16025230,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ABadlyDrawnCoke,"11/10-I went to Flanders, ran through ditches, got hurt by a MG and got executed for desertion-How Frustrating."
76561198011703223,Recommended,242860,16080301,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,bigdsmashman,"This game is a one of a kind... Literally its the ONLY WWI FPS out there. I love this game and play it almost every day and I just had to review it. First off the good things about this game. The trench warfare is Fantastic and works really well for the most part. The weapons and artillery are really immersive, the sounds even more so. Its not your average run'n gun shooter. It requires stategy and coordination. The maps are great. They feel like a real WWI battlefield. This game is great but every game has its faults and I must talk about them. The hit detection is some of the worst Iv'e ever experienced. I will literally fire at someone point blank range while aiming and holding my breath, and miss. Also Are my eyes at the bottom of my face? Because Im clearly behind cover and then BOOM! Im dead, even though from where I am It looks like Im totally safe. Last thing I must criticize is the spawning system. You will die A lot and thats fine, but I should not have to ♥♥♥♥ing wait 24 seconds to respawn. This is what pisses me off the most. I die wait the 24 seconds and then spawn outside my trench for no reason EVEN WHEN NOBODY IS ♥♥♥♥ING IN IT! And in some maps this mechanic kills you. You spawn outside the trench and die trying to get back inside, and then have to wait another 24 seconds, just to die again. I understand only 3 people are working on this game, but thats no excuse to fix these problems. I paid for this game I expect it to be stable. Don't let my frustration keep you from buying this game because trust me I LOVE IT! I play all the time and despite its faults I still enjoy playing."
76561198176559385,Recommended,242860,16080740,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,tony79762,"The game has potential to be great. I understand this is a WW1 game, and snipers were deadly back then, but its just too much camping for a game, you try to make it to the trench and you get sniped after you wait 30 seconds to respawn, the controls are glitchy. they should model the game mode in a battlfield rush type of way, one trench you defend defenders have a set life tickets, and attackers infinite but say they have about 10 mins to take the trench or something. too ""realistic"" sucks, i do like 1 shot 1 kill though"
76561198171388635,Recommended,242860,16080937,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Funanza,"The game is hard, gruelling and just like you'd expect trench warfare to be like. Expect anger and frustration but then again you start appreciating the fact that you can respawn. A genuine feeling of kill or be killed: Most definitely a yes."
76561197974821980,Recommended,242860,16081684,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Kholinar,"I think its an awesome game. A bit annoying at times because of poor spawn points but it's a very accurate representation of the Great War. Would definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys squad-based 1st person shooters. Just watch out, most weapons are 1 hit kills. But that's the fun part."
76561198136952693,Recommended,242860,16068432,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Cody [3rdID],if u like ww1 all love thiss
,Recommended,242860,16069009,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,orkkiller24,"Very Entertaing game, very historical"
76561198089938627,Recommended,242860,16071076,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Spooky,"Fun game with plenty of ways to play.  It does get boring and frustrating when you get mowed down charging enemy trenches, but that's part of WWI.  When you're playing well, it's amazingly fun to massacre the enemy forces but if you're doing poorly it induces so much rage.  Spawn killing is especially annoying and mortars can be awful since there's not really a way to avoid them.  Once you reach the enemy trench, the fighting gets fun, but getting there can be a long and boring process.  Defending is fun as long as you find a good spot where you aren't sniped immediately.  Weapons are all authentic and a great refreshment from the usual spray of SMG's in other games.  The different roles in squads is a nice touch but the rank up system is rather confusing.  Overall, the superb atmosphere of the game and the fun moments make it worth while."
76561197992004215,Recommended,242860,15451903,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Karl Childers,"A tough as nails, immersive fps with a focus on realistic simulation of WW1 combat? A tall task. So forgiving the arcade-y movement and some other small stuff, its a great game. there are some great moments seeing a team work so closely that are really captivating. the back and forth of WW1 is captured very well.the devs are pretty consistent in updates so there's more content to come too and bugs get smoothed out pretty quickly8/10"
,Recommended,242860,17475898,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Luv_the_puppers,"This game, though it may have a few small bugs in it, is overall a really good game. Not many game follow the World War 1, or ""Great War"" Genre. Many games today follow futuristic game play and weaponry no one has ever heard of. Verdun shows you the intensity war had with just bolt action rifles and Pistols.Like I said before, this game still has a few bugs in it, but the makers are constantly updating and actually listen to fellow players of the game. They won't send you a pre-written message that answers none of your questions.I recommend this game to anyone who is tired of playing the common cold case First person shooters that have become accustom to gaming. It has sucked me into many hours of play and I hope it does the same for anyone reading this."
,Recommended,242860,17393982,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Gorg281,Its a very interesting game. I find that the 1 shot kill tact is rather realistic and enjoyable it means you really can't let you're guard down.
,Recommended,242860,17394587,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dort,"An excellent game! With so few games taking place in this era and with the attention to detail and feel of this game, it's nice to see devs taking on new ideas and doing something with them. I hope to see this game continue to progress and develop of the course of the year."
76561198068315883,Recommended,242860,17398011,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,HotcakeS,Great Game. It is the first good world war 1 game i have seen. Its like insurgency but world war 1. The game was made super realistic. There are bunkers that are really detailed. Whats great about this game is that enemies can pop out of no where. There are lots of barbed wire and so much detail has gone into this game.  10/10.
,Recommended,242860,17398833,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Willem Default,"Brilliant atmosphere, good attention to detail on historical realism (weapons, uniforms, etc.), and fun gameplay. Somewhat similar to Red Orchestra 2. Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,242860,17399326,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,SpeshulPizza,"Verdun is really something special. It HUD is like many other famous FPS's, giving it a familiar gameplay. It is also in a really cool WW1 setting, with really good looks. The trench warfare is really cool, and like in the war, there were good trenches and there were just deep ditches. There are also accurate weapons, such as the Lewis LMG or Lee Enfield, and many squad types with even more class and specializations. However, you are easily enraged by fails, this is a dying simulator to the un-caustious and foolish. KEEP YOUR HEAD DOWN ^~^. There are also various hazards from deep puddles to barbed, so watch your step! It is also, probably, one of the smoothest games I have run on this computer. The graphics on Ulttra are amazing, but if your computer can't handle it, even Low looks pretty decent (more than I can say for ARK Survival)There are two game modes to keep you occupied, Frontlines (I think?), and rifle deathmatch. In frontlines, you and your team work together to hold, take, and defend trenches repeatedly, roles going back and forth between teams. Squad NCOs have the ability to command their units with ""Attack orders"" or ""Command Auras(?)"", aswell as on extra ability (Recon plane, Mortar shot, and various types of gases). This gamemode if for full out Verdun gameplay. Rifle deathmatch, as the name implies, is a gamemode of FFA standard rifle combat. No special items, just a standard issue rifle with one of three attatchments (scope, stripper clip, or bayonet).This game is a definite 10/10. Better than any other FPS on console that I have actually PLAYED so far."
,Recommended,242860,17402024,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,RoaringPanda,just play it
76561198127848980,Recommended,242860,17403153,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Pickle SUUURRRPRIISSEE!!!!,"This game is really GOOD!!! I am a huge WW1 fan, and from what I know abut WW1 so far this game is completely on point and accurate about!!! Now I may not know everything about WW1, but I would recommend this to any body and everybody who is obsessed with WW1!!!"
76561198170201742,Recommended,242860,17404323,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Macaroni,this is one of the best games I have ever played !
76561198009987044,Recommended,242860,17404563,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,KukoBar,Best tactical non-ramboing FPS out there. Reminds me of what i thought red orchestra was going to be.
76561198087783704,Recommended,242860,17392182,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,✠TMS✠,Very good game
,Recommended,242860,17406746,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,NextCommando,"I first played Verdun when it was in alpha and i knew it was destined for great things, with its quick action that simulates the back and forth nature of the first world war and its realistic and powerful feeling rifles that kill in one shot. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone that can deal with a little frustration."
76561198181489510,Recommended,242860,17407590,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Captain Stransky,Great game and realistic too
76561198158061574,Recommended,242860,17407936,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DelaRocha,Great game. Nice change of pace from other first person shooters.
,Recommended,242860,17667286,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Highelf,"Enjoyable FPS, although niche: If you prefer the first COD, MOH or battlefield over the modern ones and using bolt action rifles, this might be your game. It is not exactly like the games earlier mentioned, as these are focused on combat in urban environments. This is capture the trenche; from your defendable trench, you launch an attack to theirs. And just like WW I, this means winning and losing happens just as often as draws."
76561198028338863,Recommended,242860,17699297,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,DoctorHolocaust,Heartpounding and very tense PTSD simulator.
76561198140176312,Recommended,242860,17699599,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,dustindaffy,This game requires a lot of situational awareness and I like that it always keeps you focused and keeps your head in the game I give this game a 10 out of 10
76561198007432124,Recommended,242860,17699774,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,benandangela82,Fun and exciting game that will shrink your world down to crawling through the mud to lob a couple of grenades into a trench so you can take it.  Can be brutal and you will be dying alot early on but if you hang in there it is worth it.
,Recommended,242860,11462569,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,ThatWeirdWizard,"Basically, it is a very good concept of a game, especially I like the fact that you're placed in the dirty, muggy, painful and dangerous trenches of the WW1. The gameplay is rather simple once you get used to completing all the essential actions for a victory. It is a cooperative game, since you have to understand what your team is doing and what should you do in order to capture the enemy's position or to stand your ground or to fight back or to survive.After the release it's become even better, of course. Now, it is an enjoyable multiplayer cooperative action game."
76561198087569701,Recommended,242860,13612311,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SirLagsAlot,Great game. Only ww1 fps I know of.
76561198121467295,Recommended,242860,13612334,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Electricboogaloo,really good game just wish there could be more people in multiplayer.
,Recommended,242860,13612927,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sporeian,this game=so cool
,Recommended,242860,13613081,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Joe Gage,"This game is great and unique, a bit hard at first but once you get used to the style fo gameplay it gets fun and quite easy :D"
76561198022570610,Recommended,242860,13613468,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Green Hat,Straight up legit WW1 FPS. Not for CoD fans who like to spam rounds at the enemy. This game requires strategic coordination with bolt action weapons. Highly recommended.Only downside is the lack of Asian players/servers which is unfortunate as I'm living in Asia. But still.
76561198089189745,Recommended,242860,13613509,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Picky Oon,its a bit naf
76561198027376241,Recommended,242860,13613961,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,philth,"Awesome game, highly recomended!"
76561197999361816,Recommended,242860,13613988,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bofemitsu,WWI Inmersion.
76561197986625138,Recommended,242860,13614095,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Long Nose,"If you're into FPS and like WWI games then look no further, this is a fantastic, tactical WWI shooter. The graphics aren't bad but the gameplay makes up for it. I highly recommend this game if you like Trench warfare. 9/10 for this game. Picked it up on the Steam Sale for £5."
76561198127869177,Recommended,242860,13614560,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rifle Training,AMAZING
76561198011820438,Recommended,242860,13614593,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Noice,"As a player of red orchestra 2 i was going in with high hopes. This is not a finished game, but it is playable. There are annoyances however that detract from the immersion/fun of the game.The first is the lack of a commander (aka someone directing the whole team), this feature is handled by the game, resulting in stupid decisions (like retreating to defend when we could easily take their next trench).The next is the execution feature. Now I understand what they were going for, but no one is going to execute (as they cannot get to them) someone suck in a hole in no man's land. It should work only for people near NCOs, if you are on your own in the middle of nowhere, no one is going to execute you (outside of gas, and the enemy).This game does sport a large selection of WW1 firearms (which as a gun guy its nice to see), and really drives home how poorly the men were equiped for trench warfare. It isn't however a ""ww1 red orchestra 2"" and if you go in hopeing for that you will be disapointed. Its solid so far and could easily get much better as the developers update this.I would wait for a sale though to get good value (its not finished, and for £16.99 you can get a finished game) but if you like hardcore fps games or you like ww1 history this is worth a look if nothing else."
,Recommended,242860,13614606,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bi Curious,"It is a fun game, especially when you and your friends charge head on into a fray of bullets. The game lags, not really suprising, but it is a fun game. THE PRICE OF 7.81 AS OF RIGHT NOW, IS WORTH YOUR MONEY. I got it for $20 so trust me, give it a shot."
,Recommended,242860,13615671,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Isla,"Really good, there are some slight issues where the hitboxes can be a bit rough. The community is great and funny, also it's  really fun and quick paced for what it is. The maps rotate enough not ot be repatative.With the century since the great war, this game hits an itch for a WW1 shooter and does it well.4/5"
76561198069873469,Recommended,242860,13617227,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dead Battosai,It's pretty much an amazing game already and it's still in beta. Gunplay feels greta and I love the historical accuracy. The squad based gameplay is really easy to learn and adds a lot of depth. Basically its the world war era game we have been waiting for.
76561198037841238,Recommended,242860,13617362,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lezbod,"Brilliant game only just got it, hopefully more factions and weapons will be added but I have one big idea, night maps"
76561197991321727,Recommended,242860,13618480,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[TDS] Tyk-Tok,"There have been growing pains, yes, but this is my current multiplayer of choice. Not only is it unlike any other game out there, it allows me to think a little about what things were like."
76561198058291846,Recommended,242860,13605393,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The Snuggle,"Stormed a trench while wearing a gas mask, shot a cheeky Hun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the face with me Webley for God and country.10/10 would penetrate this trench again."
76561198074490663,Recommended,242860,13605437,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Melvin O'Houlihan,At first I was unsure if i wanted this game but after playing for 15 minutes I was so glad that I bought this game it is nothing like any other shooter I have ever played in my life. If you are thinking about buying this game don't wait any longer.....BUY IT!!!!!!
76561198030650128,Recommended,242860,13605701,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ezra,"An interesting take on the twitch shooter that fits the period nicely. Although the game is still in Early Access, it's very playable. If you have any interest in gaming the Great War, pick this up. If you are a fan of FPS, pick this up."
,Recommended,242860,13605848,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mr. Klecknuts,10/10 its so amazing and sexy i love it
76561198019473962,Recommended,242860,23108188,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rhinestone Cowboy,Expect to die... a lot... Just about everything is a one hit kill. But that just helps to make the game more real.If you are into the really fast paced small map COD style games you might not like it at much.
,Recommended,242860,23082694,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,iseanm,Very fun game to play but it would be better if it had a larger playerbase.
76561198170009682,Recommended,242860,23084590,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,MUNDO1603,Best immersive war game recommend to anyone.
76561198017602966,Recommended,242860,23085540,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Tywin Lannister,Well if you want a game to hold you over until battlefield 1 arrives or are a world war 1 then this is the game for you only problem i've encountered is lag and glitches other than that a great game
,Recommended,242860,23496441,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Gayfield,Some negro tried to kill me with a spear
,Recommended,242860,23497198,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,-WMC- Maxwell,"Probably becoming my favorite shooter to play, it requires one to be aware, effective, and proactive with their team and their squads. Evey second you have to make a decision which can mean you win or die in a moments notice. It takes time and practice, but it is quite easily one of the most enjoyable games on Steam. 10/10 would reccomend, can't wait to see what the devs have planned in the future."
,Recommended,242860,23479519,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Nikulás Stronggoat,"Love this game,A great WW1 simulator and fun to play."
76561198027117855,Recommended,242860,23478850,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Clint Eastwood,"Verdun is a fun tactical WWI game that runs smoothly and has great servers. In Verdun, you will value each life that you have, at times nearly shaking from the chaos above the trenches. This is truly brutal trench warfare, featuring chemical warefare as well (Mustad gas, etc.). There are not currently controlable vehicles in the game, but I belief there are ways to call for air support or use a mortar. This game is a lot of fun to relax with or enjoy serious coordination efforts with allies. Squads are unique, allowing one to be French, Germain, Russian, English, American or even Canadian (perhaps I missed others)! This game is worth getting if you like the idea of a World War 1 based shooter that is realistic and fun.This game is a lot of fun, and seems to be the perfect pace and feel for me. I am old school, I prefer a good tactical fps over a fast paced fps like CoD. Don't get me wrong, I like a good fast arcade shooter at times (like Doom), but this is a fun tactical shooter that reminds me more of Counter Strike in ways. 9.5/10"
76561198070174031,Recommended,242860,23480424,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,filthy irishman,"The absolute best first-person shooter I think I have ever played, along with devs that veyr much care about the community and their product."
,Recommended,242860,23480550,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ShiguRekt,Pretty good game. Developers are constantly adding new stuff to the game and making it better. Would definitely recommend this game.
76561198063277856,Recommended,242860,17334349,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Goffers,"First game, got the responsibility of being an NCO.Accidentally called a mortar strike on my team.10/10 approved"
76561198236513752,Recommended,242860,23385671,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,walid.abuzahr,"verdun is a very nice game,but please make tanks and planes so the players can ride and fight with"
,Recommended,242860,23393300,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,UnbracedBuddhaX,"Epic, intense, Beautiful, Fun. I love the class progression and the massive battlefields. Trecnh warefare plus being a WW1 game is new to me and somethingI've always wanted to play. i would recommend this to anyone who enjoy war games and online FPS games. All the elements of this are stunning expecially when ran on ultra graphic settings. 20/10"
,Recommended,242860,23394174,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Xx TODP xX,Great game
,Recommended,242860,23418952,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lloyd Christmas,"What an awesome multiplayer game here with Verdun. It shows that you can have a WWI era multiplayer shooter and the gameplay can be fun. I've had this game for a while and after the Battlefield 1 announcement, decided it was past due to try it. Make no mistake however, unlike BF1 that will be a more arcade style shooter, Verdun is a much more realistic shooter.If you stick your head up for very long, or don't take cover in no man's land, you will get shot and die quickly. I see this as a plus, though. It is a great feeling when your team makes an assault and you actually make it to the enemy's trench. This is a game where each of the weapons pack a serious punch. In just about every instance, if you get shot you will be dead.This game has a very simple and easygoing unlock and progression system. You unlock ""career points"" as you play and level up. These are used to unlock further rifles, machine guns, scopes for the bolt-action rifles (turning them into sniper rifles), unlocking shotguns, the flamethrower, etc.The game forces you to play for a little bit before unlocking these further guns, but at the same time, you really don't have to play for long to start unlocking guns. It is a nice balance that makes sure you become slightly familiar with things instead of throwing tons of weapons at you immediately.The Frontlines mode is a lot of fun and has a nice back and forth structure to it. The two teams essentially take turns assaulting the other's trench. After one team assaults a trench (trying to capture more ground), they fall back to defend the opposing team's attack. This process goes back and forth until the game's time limit reaches zero. Most battles end in a draw, which feels somewhat appropriate for a WWI game.This game has a lot of weapons that are both deadly and fun to use. Bolt-action rifles are very fun to use and are very satisfying. If you hit someone, they are going down. When you unlock scopes for these rifles with career points, they turn into lethal sniper rifles that make enemies pay for sticking their heads up above the trench line. The machine guns are also extremely lethal and are deadly accurate when deployed and can completely lock down an enemy's assault. Even the pistols are lethal, provided you are within range to use them.I love just about everything about the game. For the most part, the map design is excellent as well. Lots of varietion exist in the different maps. Some have a higher emphasis on fighting in the trenches, others have lots of space in no man's land (space between two factions' trenches), but all maps are different from each other.Really my only complaint about the game isn't even a fault of the game anyway. For some reason, 90% of the time, the servers mostly clear out at the end of the game instead of people staying and going to the next map. I've seen others complain about this before, but like I said, it isn't the game's fault that this happens. In either case, you can quickly go back to the squad menu, select a new squad to join, and head to another game in progress."
76561198208325539,Recommended,242860,23414817,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,GAMING WARLOCK,"Verdun is a highly realistic, stratigic online WW1 first person shooter"
,Recommended,242860,23416098,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,[VSF] Sirjatu,"After getting shot couple hundred times in a row, I now see that this game is quite realistic WW I game."
,Recommended,242860,23493486,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jld554,Do you like your shooter on the more realistic and tactical side?Do you like the WWI time period?Get it
76561198055647163,Recommended,242860,23494210,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Perturabo,There aren't many quality WW1 games out right now. This is one of them.
,Recommended,242860,23492555,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BurningBrains,"This game is freaking amazing. The trench warfare, the horror of it, it's so immersie. Once you turn Gore on and turn it to extreme levels you'll never go back. The bodies pile up in chokepoints as more and more people line up for your machine gun."
76561198039196136,Recommended,242860,17489805,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Andrés,"Very good shooter, but there are a lot of scopes availables in battle, there is a need for more basic infantry and less snipers to achieve better realism levels."
76561198154407979,Recommended,242860,17490748,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Cookie2257,The game is not for everyone but for people who likes history this is a game for you  8/10
76561198032694571,Recommended,242860,17623850,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Mr. Fahrenheit,This is a fantastic game.  It's the only shooter in recent years that I've really enjoyed.  It breaks out in a unique way in an oversaturated genre.
,Recommended,242860,17626814,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,12th MagicThighs,"Though It's difficult to ge use to, I had a lot of fun with Verdun Though the scope can easily expand"
76561198126484324,Recommended,242860,17630985,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,HenroH,I love this game I never get board of it.but the machine guns are a bit dogy.
,Not Recommended,242860,13882171,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,▰ Face ▰ (Wurzel Clan),"Used to be a hidden gem, now its a hidden pile of dirt.Very clunky gameplayimpossible to unlock anything nowClans are deadModels Keep changing how they look every update so its impossible to remember who is on whos sideI Could be here all day but i can't be bothered to...Overall: A very ruined game"
76561198092287885,Recommended,242860,17634100,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Blatter84,Only for survivors !
76561198069347551,Recommended,242860,17634919,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Kyckling,If you would like to cry in a trench and cry to your mother THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU
,Recommended,242860,17635759,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,14thYLI_Pte_Roberto,if your a ww1 fan you will love this brillant realsim  a real ww1 experince and realy fun to play lots of players so 10/10
,Recommended,242860,17635854,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,hOoBiE sChMaLz,Great Atmosphere. Great Gameplay. Highly addictive. F**k the Rest. Trust me.
,Recommended,242860,17636888,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,The Plaid King,"In a world where crappy fps games rule the market and companies such as Activision release the same game every year one game stands above the rest, Verdun. I find it difficult to describe my love for this game but I sure as hell will try.TLDR: For those of you with lives who don't want to read my ridiculously long review let me give you a summary:Verdun has great performance, combat, level design, historical accuracy, a large array of classes with variants for each and only it's only con is the French. Buy this game. (Plus there is some possible free dlc that will add a huge amount to the base game which is already huge).PROS:1. PERFORMANCE: Verdun is very well optimized I play the game on a pretty crappy rig with an integrated graphics card and even I can get 60fps while playing this2. COMBAT: The combat in this game is fantastic! Rifles are one shot kills with each rifle from the two factions feeling different and unique to handle. Pistols, the bane of my existance, or two shot kills but obviously have a higer rate of fire able to clear a congested section of a trench rather easily. Machineguns can be devestating but are easily out manuevered by a coordinated squad. There are even trench clubs and shovels for one hit melee kills as well as bayonets, knives, and grenades.3. THE SQUADS: For each of the two factions there are three squads each with four positions that are unique to that squad. Each position has three variants to appeal to all players. The officer, or NCO, uses a combination of pistols, grenades, binoculars, and if you're lucky a rifle. They inspire their nearby men giving statistical bonuses to members of their squads who remain in their aura. Also, officer can have their squad mates ""forward spawn"" allowing a squad mate to spawn on their officer. An officer can place down markers to tell his squad where to attack, defend, or move. Every officer has one of three devestating strategical abilities depending on the squad they belong too. These abilities include a devestating gas attack that blinds the enemies providing cover for your troops to advance and if you're lucky some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will choke on it. The mortar is pretty self explanatory you blow people up with bombs from heaven. And last but not least is the recon plane which reveals enemy positions in a given area. The rest of the squad members range from machinegunners with various loadouts to snipers and crazy berserkers who go into battle with nothing but a shovel and 5 grenades.4. ACCURACY: This game is one of, if not the only, WW1 multiplayer fps around. It is extremely well researched from the uniforms to the design of the maps.5. ATMOSPHERE: This game makes you feel like you are fighting in WW1. Everything about it is makes you feel clastrophobic, paranoid, and just downright terrified. Gas attacks unman you causing your voice to sound like a helium balloon was just shoved down your throat. And nothing, and I mean NOTHING, is more terrifying then being the last man alive in the enemy trench.6. LEVEL DESIGN: I kind of already touched on this but the maps in this game are fantastic. The maps are huge and logically designed with multiple stages. Just the other day I had played a map I had played probably 20+ and we were able to push the Frenchies back to their second to last trench. I started to see parts of the map I had never seen before including a huge well fortified bunker and an isolated section of the trench that acted as a last foothold for the defenders if they were overrun.CONS:1. THE FRENCH: Nothing angers me more then those silly blue uniforms. I mean come on BLUE?! They stand out like a sore thumb2. PLAYER BASE: It saddens me to say this but rarely do you see more then 400 players on Verdun at once so do expect to meet the same people in battles. However, if you are worried about this affecting game sizes do not be dismayed. Verdun has an excellent drop in and out system so a game that starts 2v2 can end with a full out 16v16 battle.Overall I love this game and I recommend you buy it if you're tired of jetpack soldiers and laser guns corrupting the fps genre."
,Recommended,242860,17637430,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,GoodGuyGabe,"I'm god dam terrible at this game, but I have a ton of fun playing it. 9/10 wish I was better."
76561198060589445,Recommended,242860,17711909,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Donald J. Trump,Lag-tropolis9/11 IGN
76561197970703589,Recommended,242860,17716267,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Dy5,"This game is awesome. Very playable, well worth the $22 I bought the game for. They developers constantly release updates to enhance the game and add new game modes. Very fun and historic!"
76561198191430719,Recommended,242860,16606900,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SupremeMidget,"What an Amazing game, its a must buy trust me, it takes you straight into action,theres a awseome nuzz you get when you get a kill 10/10"
76561198028228798,Recommended,242860,16607912,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ross,you will laughyou will cryyou will dieyou will ragebut you still come back and play8/10 enjoy the carnage.
,Recommended,242860,16609394,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ruby da Cherry,This game is amazing. It's nice to see a shooter based in the past instead of some dystopian future.Even if you have to run the game on low it is still as fun and as intense.I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone looking for a new FPS
76561198057014654,Recommended,242860,16610690,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Prison MIKE,"This a super unique shooter, set in a time period that hardly gets any attention. Great game."
,Recommended,242860,16611804,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,-[AR|51]-Not_A_Fkng_Leg,So far a great game. I would not have wanted to be in this war for real. Only been playing for a couple weeks now and it is getting addicting.
,Not Recommended,242860,13521976,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Karl Marx ☭,The game no longer opens.  It shows the logos and then black screens.  I used to really enjoy it.
,Recommended,242860,16637036,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Factualvermin,"Quite an interesting FPS definately not for everyone, but really satisfing for that itch to play a shooter for me every so often. I will say that this game has improved quite a bit over the last 6 months. A quality dev that brought this game through early access the right way."
76561198116238684,Recommended,242860,16637084,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,tkstrider,Nothing better than clearing a trench with a bat and a handfull of grenades. I'll show the huns how it's done
76561198065168381,Recommended,242860,16637187,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[323]Brak,"This game is fun. But do not come into it thinking it is going to be like call of duty because it is not.  You can get one shotted and you may get frustrated by it, but it is a very good game. Ya, I have only played 12 hours but so far, this game is a great buy."
,Recommended,242860,16637779,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Entfernung,Ok.
,Recommended,242860,17118280,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,VirtualFreak,"If you are ever in the mood for have your self estime go down to the bottom of the ocean because you are on a killing streak of 7 and your friend is on a killing spree of 57 with his camp spot and his sniper rifle than this game is for you, this game allows so many cool fitures such as, gassing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in front of you with poisunus gas, shooting at random through gas, stabbing mofos in the face with your bayonet, getting kill by a million mortars comming straight for you, get stuck with that class that nobody likes; this game is a lot of fun, especially when you shoot at random through some godamned smoke and actually hit something. In this game you can play as both the Entente Forces or The Central Power, its kind of disappointing that its only the first world war and not the second, i think it would've added a lot to be able to play as hitler's army. As a whole i had a lot of fun playing this game and killing other people."
76561198037966853,Recommended,242860,16968437,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Quadfarshat,"Verdun is a very fun game and very addicting. Its not a fast paced shooter, but when you do get a kill it makes it that much more EPIC! Ohh and when you face to face in the Trenches♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real! Could be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton better if people would just put in Mics and communicate but that era of PC gaming has died :(.P.S. Get Mics you Dirty Penny Penching Kizer ♥♥♥♥s!"
76561198063501692,Recommended,242860,16969327,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Potatoe,Excellent WW1 war game. A refresh from all the future fps like Advanced Warfare and Halo.
76561198097876219,Recommended,242860,16972781,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,htes28carney,"This really is a fun game, the realism is a great feature in that 1 rifle round will kill you or your enemy so you dont have that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ COD hit marker effect. The only complaint I have is that there are only 2 game modes, but besides that the weapons and gameplay are great."
76561198088874358,Recommended,242860,16974017,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Sponge Priest,Very good. optimization would be nice but definelty an exxcellent game
76561198026500667,Recommended,242860,16974750,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Legal_State,Once you learn the mechanics there is a surprising depth to Verdun.
76561198026256643,Recommended,242860,16979327,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,PunkRockPaulie,"If you like running through gun fire just to go and sit in a hole in the dirt for more action packed gunfire then this is the game for you. Also I'm just writing a review because the game told me to. But on the real homies, buy that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198061376536,Recommended,242860,12938648,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,SirCharlesFiddelsworth,"I have recently played this again and have decided to rewrite my review again.Verdun is a game like no other, I have been playing since about two weaks after release and I have seen the game change so much. The game is so much better than it was before all the updates and changes. Now I did frequently play it and I would find that there where many players around the time Frankieonpcin1080p played the game for a one off video. Ever since the game has really dropped in player numbers. At the time of me writing this review it is only approximatly 500 people. Which is really sad, as this does cahnge the game quite a lot.With less players the game has smaller battles I've found. So if you are thinking of buying this game I would first go into the community hub to see if there are more than 1,000 people if it is it might be a better experience. But unfortunitly I think that you might have missed this games peak.This game is, as I said, very differant to any other FPS. By this I mean that it feels very soft and slow compared to games like CS:GO or even Insurgency. Those games have way more tension and atmosphere and tension compared to Verdun.The game has very few maps compared to other FPS games however I will partially let it off because it is a indie early access game, however this doesn't explain why this is after it was realeased in 2013.The graphics are still only mediocre compared to other games, even after the new engine switch. Controls feel very slow compared to others. However it is currently the only first world war FPS I know of so if you are craving a fun WWI game and have some disposable income I would suggest you pick it up. P.S. very fun to play with friends.Look how many hours I've got from it."
76561198043144055,Recommended,242860,16935314,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,PoisonStrudel,"Verdun is a semi-realistic WW1 first person shooter set in the trenches of France and Belgium. The maps themselves are large and offer many different ways to assault the enemy fortifications, all of which usually end up in death. This is the meat grinder of the first world war after all, so expect to die. A lot.The teams are split up into squads, with four members per squad. The creator of the squad can pick what type of squad, with each one offering a different play style. From the British Tommies who specialize in support to the Canadian Storm Troopers who specialize in trench assaults and fortification clearing. Here's where my biggest gripe comes into play; If your squad is a low level, you get earky war uniforms. The only way to get late war uniforms is to upgrade your squad, but the only way to do that is to play with the same people over and over again.There are two game modes to choose from, one that offers up what you'd expect from a WW1 game with two teams assaulting and defending each others trenches, and another, more arcadey rifle deathmatch.Make no mistake though, the game can be clunky (it was made by 4 guys, so cut them some slack) and the visual presentation can look a bit dated at times.Overall I would say Verdun is well worth the money. It's a fun, fast paced shooter that feels relatively realistic, but throws in just enough arcade so it doesn't suffer from Arma syndrome. The maps are big, and the trenches are claustrophobic. It suffers from a very small amount of technical issues and is a bit dated looking, with a weird squad progression system that really takes away from the feeling of leveling up. But make no mistake, Verdun is a great game and one that I would seriously recommend."
76561198194215025,Recommended,242860,16936937,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Dean Winchester,"This is a great game. Although, prepare to die, then die again, then maybe die again. The game is sometimes frustrating. But you will get better. But it will take time to get better, I have 32 hours on record. The guns are well developed, and they really aren't that much different, other than aesthetics. I have found playing rifle death match helps A LOT. You will get better, and playing with better guys will make you better, you will hate every moment of it, but you will get much, MUCH better. I highly recommend this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,20813930,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,◊ Stethan 李祤傑,purdy guud.
76561198072769861,Recommended,242860,20749964,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Action Man,A new idea introduced to the FPS genre is almost always a risky deal. The idea of WW1 is pretty cool and it brings lots of new concepts to the table in FPS games.
,Recommended,242860,20749417,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,zKGraffiti,"At first , I thought you could just run up and sot like call of duty... But I'll put it this way , I'm happy to still have my key board..."
,Not Recommended,242860,20745616,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Otto Steiner,Poor optimization. besides this it has a small playerbase. The game has a lack of variety and teamplay isnt implemented in the game very well. Its fun for half an hour and then you wont play it for a few days.  They tried to give you that ww1 experience but they just didnt get it quite right.It has potential. it just needs more work
76561198041771162,Recommended,242860,20738590,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,PV_SeaOtter,Awesome realistic trench warfare.
76561198155832545,Recommended,242860,20767810,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Komrade Dög,"This is one of the best if not the best WW1 game out there! I have spent many hours playing this game and having pure fun that I have not had in a long time. I REALLY like historical games and most either sell out to mass populations which turn them to♥♥♥♥♥♥or are under funded and just go away but this has promise to be one of the best games I have ever played! I trust the devs and they seem like they know what they are doing so props to them. This games seems to get better ever update and it not even near finished (I hope) there is lots of promise and cant wait for the Gore system, Americans, Falmethower, Eastern Front, possibly tanks idk, New Maps, etc. And the music in the menu is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! (If the devs see this I love you guys/girls!) Good job 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,20761037,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Enrique Shockwave,Great game fun to play every now and then. mostly fun because there isnt any games out there right now set in this time period
,Recommended,242860,20761207,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Kaiser Katzen,"Sure, the graphics remind me of Call of Duty 1, but I pretty much stopped noticing/caring before too long because this game is great. This is one of the only multiplayer games I've played that always feels challenging but also allows everyone to get at least a kill or two before too long. It's a lot like Red Orchestra except not constantly dominated by snipers and players with fully auto weapons. Playing as an NCO (squad leader) is also a lot less complicated in this game than most, without feeling too dumbed down- basically you get to run around with a semi-auto pistol (often a serious advantage) and rain mortar or mustard gas death down upon the opposition. What more could one ask for? The playing field feels much more level than in most games because pretty much everyone's toting an iron sighted bolt action rifle, sneaking around winding trenches or sprinting across the crater-pocked no man's land. I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in WW1 (like, seriously, how many games are set in WW1?) or anyone just looking for a relatively mature and friendly group of players. It's also nice because you can tell the developers have put a lot of work into the details, like period music in the main menu (how many WW1 era song do YOU know?) and well thought out maps based on historical research of actual WW1 battlefields. Plus, the game is a work in progress, with updates (weapons, improved graphics, gore etc.) coming out soon. So, it'll only get better, and it's already well worth the $20. Join us in the trenches!"
76561198195876581,Recommended,242860,20760477,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,rockso the rock and role clown,YOU SEE EVERYTHING YET YOU SEE ♥♥♥♥ ALL
76561198009623175,Recommended,242860,20848824,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TheEn4cer,"The one and only premiere WWI shooter. though it's a bit tough to get used to at first this one can be quite fun, especially if you like you're shooters on the Red Orchestra side and not the Call of Duty side of things."
,Recommended,242860,20849969,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,im gunna od,Really good game it is very addicting.
76561198027280406,Recommended,242860,16664923,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FSSF|Navy,"It's refreshing to play in a time period not often offered by modern FPSs. I love the realistic damage and the true danger of going over the top. Weapons are pretty good and it is also refreshing to not have sub machine guns everywhere all the time. Good old bolt-action rifles.Things I don't like: Moving to the left or the right of the battle zone is ""desertion"", which carries a 5 second delay before being shot. If you hit barbed wire, you're done. If you run out of gas from running, you're done. It almost seems like the 5 seconds pass in the time of 3, and it's really hard to get back in the map if you hit literally any obstacle.Additionally, the progression through upgrades isn't as intuitive as it could be. Perhaps having the upgrades unlock on their own instead of hiding them in an in-game (only) menu would be a bit easier to wrap your head around."
76561197985423620,Recommended,242860,16666750,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,JOAOTRINTA,"Good game, promising game, but needs serious work on performance stuff"
76561197971367383,Recommended,242860,16667788,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Surrexen,"Verdun ... also known as suicidal zerg rush simulator 2015. As a game, this is WWI done right. You will feel sorry for the poor souls that did this for real.10/10 would desperately try to get my gas mask on while I asphyxiate to death again"
76561198055741453,Recommended,242860,16645249,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Soleless Shoemaker,"This is an excellent and fun game when with friends. It is impossible to play by yourself, this is because the community are a bunch of laggy braindead peons that spend most their time in the corner of the map shooting the sky than actually helping defend/attack. this is why you need a bunch of good friends to direct the peons to a glorious charge to soak up bullets for you so you can actually do something. No mans land gets you shot up 9/10 times aand when in trenches there are still some invisible walls that have got me killed on many an occasion as my gun didnt shoot through it."
,Recommended,242860,16674767,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Tedefred,"If you love slow paced first person shooters with a touch of history. As a matter of fact, scratch that. If you love world wars (WWI to be specific) then you need to get this game as it has everything down pact from mustard gas to all the different types of bolt rifle you can imagine.I have been playing this game since it first came out and have watched it evolve and grow, it has undergone many great positive changes and is constantly being updated. Definitely a game that you would want to have in your library just to blow a couple of hours every now and then.;)"
76561198152515634,Recommended,242860,16675309,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ThePsychoStallion,"Let me just say as many others have, fantastic game. The game is so realistic like its a one shot kill with almost every weapon. The gameplay style is great. It will take a while to learn how the game works and may be confusing. There are a few bugs though, but rarely occur.Overall, great game.9/10"
76561198122126864,Recommended,242860,16675962,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ayeater,stand+ stay=dierun+dont take cover=diedont like verdun=you die
,Recommended,242860,16677222,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Arcade,Crushing the Brit until there's nothing but grit
,Recommended,242860,16679367,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BullCut,I died.10/10 would die again.
76561198030294685,Recommended,242860,15502668,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,bersybob,Classic.
76561198011086293,Recommended,242860,15504988,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Raptor,"An excellent blend of gritty and deadly FPS with the historic overtones of WW1. It features an ingenious trench warfare game mode that will have you afraid of the moment you need to go over the top, Combined with the claustrophobic experience of WW1 gas masks, deadly chatter of machine guns, and the ever present rumbling of all types of artillery, it is a must have in my opinion. Downsides, the game does suffer from some performance issues but it is still in early access, I expect these issues will be resolved on release."
,Recommended,242860,15576778,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,White Russian,"Best ww1 experience by far, 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,15579066,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Wavefunction,"It's still a bit early to be reviewing this game as it is constantly being improved/refined, but it's safe to say that if you enjoy the Red Orchestra series or any other kind semi-realistic, multiplayer FPS, particularly those with a historical setting, then you're guaranteed to enjoy Verdun as well for most of the same reasons.It's very difficult to ""gameify"" wars like WW1 and Vietnam given the nature of those conflicts which is why we haven't seen many shooters in these time periods on the market, however Verdun proves that it is possible to create a competent WW1 FPS that manages to be equal amounts fun and equal amounts authentic at the same time. Verdun is also very unique in how it groups players into squads, assigns them roles, how it promotes teamwork and how it creates an enjoyable game out of trench warfare through a capture/defend gamemode.That said, there are some issues with the game as it is just coming out of Early Access. I personally find the sound and movement mechanics to be subpar compared to other games in the genre and some people with weaker GPUs have a hard time maintaining decent framerates (I have no problem on all ultra settings with my GTX 770), though in most ways the game is quite well polished and easy to enjoy if you're a fan of the genre.I expect it to improve a lot too post-release as the developers seem very, very diligent (they update the game so much it gets on some people's nerves!)Overall, this game has a ton of value.A word of caution, though: if you don't like ""hardcore"" shooters where bolt action rifles are the standard and one doesn't always know where they've been shoot from, you might have a bad time."
,Recommended,242860,15581179,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,littlebixy,Very Good game its had its ups and its had its downs but overall really worth It9.8/10
76561198075889255,Recommended,242860,15582211,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,HachiRiko,10/10would get trenchfoot again
76561197977170041,Recommended,242860,15584729,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Thompson,"Started playing this in Beta, the game has really grown on me, love the World War I, trench warfare. It can be quite challenging as you can be killed without knowing where the shot came from when you peer out over the trench and the charges across no mans land. Having played Day of Defeat and others, love the era theme as it's well done from the times, with the various troops, squads and uniforms, weapons, the gas and the progression of your troop, with experience and the medals you can win. Looking forward to the release on 4/28!"
,Recommended,242860,15597862,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,hariettethespy,Boom Boom Boom BoomBoom Boom BoomBoom Boom Boom BoomBoom Boom Boom??
76561198111863030,Recommended,242860,15597981,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ozzalos,"This game is great.The action is realistic to the The Great Wars' Western front and its fun to play. Tip of the hat to the team that made it, they did a really good job."
,Recommended,242860,15598011,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Jesus,"One of few games that are in ww1 and are actually fun c: 10/10btw ♥♥♥♥ CALL OF DUTYOna a seriouse note this game has a lot to offer, from early acces to later on, it's immersive, authentic and most importantly fun I recomend you to spend your money on this."
,Recommended,242860,15598049,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Heritology,Trench Warfare CAN be fun
76561198007245054,Recommended,242860,15598254,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Brutallisck *☭,"if you are a Red Orchestra buff such as my self, you will enjoy this one greatly.best atmospheric and fun portrail of World War one out there. with a twist on realistic FPS shooters.highly recommended"
76561197964693483,Recommended,242860,15598448,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,BananBosse,"Great Indiegame! Also the best WW1 multiplayer shooter since that BF1942 mod, BF1918.Pros- Great immersion (native voices, cool maps, nice atmosphere)- Historically accurate- SquadbasedCons- Some weapons feel a bit clunky, like the German MG. The firing animation feels stiff and the sound is utter dull, not that fearful piece of firepower that soldiers feared during the war.- Sometimes feels a bit small. You really have to be up at 32 players to get the feeling of a good game. With fewer players, you almost feel kind of alone.- Variation. Can't really play it too long since you are almost doing the same thing over and over, best enjoyed in a couple of matches.With that said, the devs have made a great job. Best WW1 online shooter on the market today!8/10PS: Missing the function to execute lame campers that just stay and snipe in nomansland instead of charging."
76561197980021506,Recommended,242860,15599757,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lasse Ougaard,"Immersive, challenging and ruthlessVerdun is a game with a focus on authenticity and tactical thinking set in the unusual but delightfully refreshing scene of The Great War. You think trench warfare would make for boring gameplay? Think again, it turns out the be incredibly nervewracking and frustrating, but so very lovely when you get it right.Verdun boasts an immense learning curve when you first begin the game. Like most other players on the field, you get equipped with nothing else than an old bolt-action rifle and a gasmask, and then you are free to take a stab at the hun. In the beginning you will die a lot, until you learn the do's and dont's. Now factor in classes like the commander, machinegunner, grenadier, sniper and scout, and add weapons like mortars, artillery and gas-attacks you have yourself a pretty hectic battle field.The primary game mode is a kind of tug of war over the different trenches, the teams take turns to attack, defend and counter-attack.I find that when you get the hang of things Verdun heavily rewards careful thinking, and you will soon learn that to win matches you really have to co-operate with the rest of your 4-man squad. Especially the players in the commanding roles need to be on top of their game. Winning the match, and getting a good score is not the same in Verdun.Try if you enjoy:-Red Orchestra 1 & 2-Insurgency"
76561198044542363,Recommended,242860,15599900,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Tubby Tubs,"This game is so much fun, it is a shooter that is unique from any other. Verdun involves simplistic mechanics with captivating gameplay. This game needs more people to play it, and it would hands down be one of my favorite shooters."
76561197972252981,Recommended,242860,15601224,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,[1stTX.H] Pvt SwatErik,Really Nice! Finally a good WW1 game
76561197993641030,Recommended,242860,15601544,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,[2.FJg]syphen-HGf,"A fantastic shooter! Vies for realism, and accuracy. Not a run and gun shooter like CoD. Worth its price!"
,Recommended,242860,15601697,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,fillmyassholewithleaves,I am the trench ghost!You'll never see me! :0
76561198018806930,Recommended,242860,15602276,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Safe and Casual,I have always been interested in a WW1 era game to come out and even though I have a short play time in this game I believe Verdun has managed to create a great looking game with a very fun and addictive game mode. The weapon feel and game handling feel very challenging making that kill feel so much better and rewarding knowing you just helped your team more in taking that trench line or ditch line which I found extremely unique and fun. Overall I give the game a 9/10 in my very short play but definitely feel like I'll have a few hours into this game. A few things I could see moving this game forward is 64 player capability and more maps.
76561198171071193,Recommended,242860,15602312,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Brumbpo Tungus,"I've been saying for years that I want a WW I game and this is it. At the time of this review, I only have about an hour on record but that's enough for me to say this is a great game. If you want a unique, squad based shooter, this is a good choice."
,Recommended,242860,15758929,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Zenvue,One of my favorite games to play.
76561198122106087,Recommended,242860,15760130,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Aiden_the _great,"Ok to start off this game is awsome.  This is probably the best multiplayer fun I have had on a war game ever.  Seriously, this puts Call of Duty to shame (Battlefield: Bad Company 2 ranks the same as this game  for me).  This game shows you the down to line fighting that took place in the trenches of world war 1.  There is very little I do not like about this game or that I think should be changed, here it is:  There are no HMG's (Heavy Machine Gun's) which had a huge presence in the trenches of world war 1.  Though tanks played a small role in World War 1 it would be cool to have like one or 2 maps that allow maybe 2 tanks a team.  The ammount of players that can be in a battle is realtively small (32) in the actual trenches the number in a single attack could have been hundreds.  I would like to see that number maybe elavated to 50 or even above that. The interface is also not very user friendly.  I, after playing 13.9 hours in 1 week just found out yesterday how to upgrade classes.  And it wasnt just me that has this problem many others have asked the same question in chat. Also, though the the maps are suffeciently long, they are not wide at all. You can even see defense's on the outside of the playable area, this has tricked me into running out of the playable area and getting executed many times.  Barbed wire is also very anoying. I have no problem with the completely intact pieces of barbed wire being there but the broken ones that are almost invisible have allowed me to get killed a ton of times. The last gripe I have about this game is that there is no direct control over artillery.  It would be awsome to be able to directly control a mortar or a howitzer, you can call in artillery strikes but its not the same.  This last one is not really a gripe but a reality check for those of you who dont know this. In real life the chauchat machine gun sucks, in this game it is actually not bad. These are the only things that I could scrape from the bottom of the pan that are bad about this game.  These are the big  things that are good about this game for me:  The maps have tons of detail and things for you to hide in while being shot at and  you can tell that they put alot of effort into them, even on the lowest setting.  This game also has virtually (no pun intended) no lag.  I have a really sh*ty computer and I can run this game like a dream (on the lowest setting that is, but like I said lowest setting is still beautiful).  This game is a one shot one kill for rifles, a first for me.  No longer wll you have to fire what feels like 100 rounds to kill one player, now its just one, which is realistic and makes it alot more suspensful and fun.  The squad based combat makes you have to co-operate with other players to capture the next trench, is left or right easier?  Can you pick off a machine gunner here? Can you throw a grenade down to the right of the trench?  This game makes you feel like you are part of a squad and not like a lone wolf.  All of the weapons are completely authentic (besides the chauchat) they feel like you are really shooting a gun and not firing an automatic bb gun like in Call of Duty.  Artillery and gas are done perfectly and are just as effective at they were back then and not too much or too little.  You can clear a whole trench if you use them right, and you can even use gas as a smokescreen for your attack (also a co-op thing you do in this game), but it would be nice if they had real smoke shells.  To re-cap:pros:+maps have tons of detail, lots of places to take cover.+grapics are beautiful (in my opinion)+nearly no lag, even with a bad computer and internet+one shot one kill for rifles+guns feel authentic+gas and artillery are represented perfectly+amazing co-operative gameplaycons:-no HMG's-relatively small ammount of players per battle-not user friendly interface-map are long, but not very wide (I understand they cant make it too wide but they could at least get rid of the visble side defense's)-barbed wire can be annoyingKeep in mind that this game just came out of early access and you can expect alot of changes to come."
,Recommended,242860,15761314,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Marlod,"Verdun is a very realistic WW 1 First person shooter.In my opinion one of the best FPS games I have ever played.It is very tactical, just running into the battlefield will get you killed alot.You have to stay with your teammates or else you will have a littel less chance of surviving.It`s very well balanced you have the same guns as everyone else expect for some specialties to unlock.If you adore tactical FPS games this is the perfect game for you."
76561198036158227,Recommended,242860,15761792,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Stakeout666,"this game is just fantastic. its very similar to red orchestra in the way that its one shot one kill, very hard and you WILL die alot. The realism of it is great and teamwork is always the key to victory. 10/10"
76561198078666093,Recommended,242860,15763061,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,FlameFire21,This is an amazing to many especial history buffs. WW1 FTW
76561198062437559,Recommended,242860,15763177,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TwoBit,"I find this a really cool and intense game. I would definitely like to recommend this game to others. 1 of the weird things about the game that really stood out was how sometimes a soldier will be looking straight into the air along with his gun pointed straight up, when really the soldier is aimed at you and firing."
,Recommended,242860,15764102,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Animal7057,The only two things that i hate about verdun is the spwan killing and getting to the other side of NoMansLand
,Recommended,242860,15559917,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,♠Karma♠,"I see this game has MASSIVE potential, Can't think of a WWI Shooter anywhere near as good as this! Glad I could back this game at the start of beta release. Seen huge improvements since I purchased. If anyone's wondering about purchasing this game. DO IT! You wont regret. :)"
76561198122292200,Recommended,242860,15559951,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dr. Jackyll,"Great game, lots of action, but mortars are trash.1914/10"
76561198042637027,Recommended,242860,15563757,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,BloodyBark,The best WWI game.
,Recommended,242860,15564860,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,muchachos19,"эта игра самая лучшая по первую мировую! 11 из 10! когда я это писал я поиграл 20 минут,но я попал в такую сценуу...мы ждем контратаки и вдруг газ!!! вы все одеваем противогазы и вдруг на нас побежала толпа солдат. мы ели выжели и это было не забываемо!! (кстати для игры на unity графон как в red orchestra 2 и даже лучше). рекомендую всем!"
76561198060639964,Recommended,242860,15565184,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,YourAnnoyingCousinFromPoland™,"Ah, Verdun. Look at how far you have come in the last two years. I've been playing this game since it was first an Early Access game, and with me being a big WWI history buff, this seemed like the perfect game. After giving it some play time, I can't say that I'm disappointed. The gameplay is accurate, and fast-paced, and the many squad and class selections add a lot of variety. No Man's Land has never looked more beautiful, and crawling through artillery shells has never been more fun. My only gripe with the game is the occasional Lewis Gunner running through the trenches trying to Rambo it, but that's more of a nit-pick. All in all, Verdun is an excellent gaming experience that I think that any FPS fan or history buff could enjoy, and I can't wait to see what the devs do next."
,Recommended,242860,15538827,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Ferrus,-buys game-starts game-joins German Stosstruppen (I´m German myself)-goes as the squad leader-spawns-dies after 20 sec-respawns-enemy has overrun our trench-find out I can call in white cross artillery strikes-enemy calls in mortar attack on us-doesn´t know how to put on gas masks-almost blind-almost dead-panics-goes on killing rampage and kills 6 poor basterds-dies19/16 would panic again
,Recommended,242860,15539438,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Ender Keys,Its was a  pretty fun game when it first came out it still is. It used to be like lazer tag which was fun but its transformed into a great game
,Recommended,242860,15541819,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Taxi,This game is so fun. Best multiplayer fps I've played in a while. The rifle deathmatch reminds me of the old call of duty games multiplayer.
,Recommended,242860,15542929,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,biel14042 S.K.O.L GAMERS CLUB,épico.
,Recommended,242860,18100247,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Hobbits,I like this game.
76561198059398224,Recommended,242860,18090113,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,GreenStranger,"fun and has a lot of replay value, also makes me hate my life and everyone im playing with from time to time 10/10"
76561198056476827,Recommended,242860,30524803,Posted: 15 March,all,Khushef,"I love what they have done with this game! The realism is very accuate thus far. However they could add dying screams, blood stains, larger maps, and higher amount of players allowed on one map."
,Recommended,242860,17978593,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Slippery Stephen,I spammed GET DESTROYED YOU FILTHY FROGS to demoralize the enemy. We won.10/10 game
,Recommended,242860,17977281,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,2flyapotato,10/10 would get shot again.
76561198119148684,Recommended,242860,17976589,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ronchy,luv it.
76561197995018597,Recommended,242860,18213083,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sharpe's Sword,pros+great replay value (feels like a different battle every time!)+great representation of a somewhat forgotten (but important) era.+great mechanics+good community (Less rudeness in the chat than other games)+lots of cool weapons to choose fromcons+ it takes a bit to get used to+ number of players on at one time is a bit small right nowThe game is constantly updating though so we can look forward to more cool stuff!
,Recommended,242860,18191641,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,[SOC] Crackers,"Over all good.Let me clairift though. The graffics are terrible, the hit boxes, are commical, it is a campfest, sniper fest, rifel fest. With some bombings. The maps don't make total sense, and are quite restrictive, because you cannot push while defending or you go outside of your allowed area.  The maps need to be wider, and the Openness needs to be re-thought. The hitboxes are probably the biggest let down. Characters are glitchy as well.But yet, all of these things should make this game a NO on recommendation. I guess I just like the idea of a WWI authenitic shooter.I will say this though. It is a $10 game during a steam sale day, not full price, unless you gizz you pants for a fps ww1 game.I like it, its not modern by any standards, it is to say the least still in Beta, and should not be considered a full game releases. So that mean, if there is a verdun 2, that would be the one to buy....But I like it.. for some stange reason"
,Recommended,242860,18201122,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Daniel,I can really recommend this game! It is historically accurate and really immersive! I would buy it def. again. The developers provide free dlcs.
,Recommended,242860,18229414,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,[NORD] Eodrian,"This is the best WW1 Fps I know, with dev's that care and made a good process since I bought.It is very atmospheric, in design and gameplay.Especially the back and forth of WW1 trenchwar is very nicely done.the games is really hard for newbies or CoD-Players, but people who play Red Orchestra or orther more realistic shooters will love it.Once I joined the game, ran with my officer and a grenadier over the open field. The enemy fire was hard and many comrades died. We jumped into a hole searching for cover. The officer ordered mortar attackes and when the new reinforcement wave came we jumped out of cover and ran for our lifes. Our officer got shot by a french and crippled in the mud. The grenadier and me defended the small part of the trenches and waited for other comrades to reinforce.But the reinforments didnt even reach the trenches. Green gas was all over the fields and too many werent fast enough to put their gas masks on. The new situation mades us worry, but not for long. Because we were both stabbed by french knifes within seconds. lol"
76561198071735304,Recommended,242860,18105677,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Duke of Marlborough,This is by far my favourite FPS.  Its a totally different spin on the FPS genre in that it makes 'run and gun' play impossible. That mechanical ingenuity is backed by attention to detail with regards to the historical realism of the game.  I cannot recommend it more strongly.
,Recommended,242860,18154796,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Edalwulf Bergmann,The best game.
,Recommended,242860,16997286,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,USA CHILD,iz good end
,Recommended,242860,30528990,Posted: 15 March,all,21 Savage CS.MONEY,yes
76561198119679541,Recommended,242860,13916687,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,lavapig,"Very Very Fun!  HOWEVER!  BE WARNED THAT THIS GAME IS VERY VERY GLITCHY AND BUGGY!Especially thier servers, its kinda hard to join any game, something always seems to go wrong.EXPECT LAG ON SOME MAPS, HOWEVER, OVERALL GAMEPLAY IS PRETTY SMOOTH."
,Recommended,242860,13866328,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Moolay,"A very solid, FPS online shooter.Looks gorgeous, great mechanics. 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,13869884,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Damitrem,"One of the best FPS I ever had the pleasure to play.I still need to learn a lot in this game,but I'm already giving it a thumbs up. Worth the price and it will have more content.It has some bugs,but It's playable."
76561198141382812,Not Recommended,242860,13870220,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Capt. Franks,"This game has good potential, but is almost unplayable on a Mac. I feel like they should have advertized that it is only in Beta stage. I'm not pleased with this purchase, and want my money back. It freezes, the mouse freezes, the game goes black, and all I can see is my weapon, and the chat and weapon interface. I would not recomment this till the get it playable."
,Recommended,242860,13872667,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Motley Jew,"Very promising, but still very glitchy. Corpses still float around and hold their arms out to their sides before the ragdoll. The ragdoll I must say, looks pretty good. Fully functional trench warfare with orders that must be carried out under the threat of getting shot for desertion. Lots of weapons including a spade and a submachine gun (MP18). Fully functional bullet physics, which makes firefights fun especially when sniping. Some units are able to call down gas, so the game has gas masks.Contrary to the picture, there are actually four countries: Germany, France, England, and Canada.There are seven types of squads: Landsers, Alpenjagers, Stosstruppen, Poilus, Alpin Chaussers, Tommies, and Candians."
76561198154318027,Recommended,242860,13877236,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,✠ 🅶.🅲.🅲 Whoppah,"Sprinting from foxhole to foxhole, Poppin♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with bolt action rifles, Fighting towards or defending trenches, Getting rewarded for working as a team, all these things make this game GREAT and its only in early access! HUUUGE Potential! Devs dont let us down!"
76561198112981059,Recommended,242860,13880339,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,choglit,At last a wwi shooting game.........so far so good.
,Recommended,242860,13860687,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,AstarvingNarwhal,"I highly recommend this game. WW1 trench fighting! N'uff said.Seriously though, this game is amazing. It was a bit intense right off the bat because it requires a team effort and it took me a game or two to get adjusted to the feeling of the weapons. I like the progression of unlocks in the game based on skill and effort during battle. They have a lot of cool features and the maps are lot of fun to navigate. The wave system lets you know when to push and when to hold, and the deserter timer is a great way to have everyone playing the objective."
,Recommended,242860,13863153,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nik,"This game deserves big credit for the setting. Hardly anyone is interested in doing WWI games; it seems that WWII and modern-day Middle-Eastern conflicts dominate the FPS realm. As such, it plays a bit like a giant Quake-style rail-dual. I just wish there was a single-player campaign (but I understand that there probably won't be); I just don't like online multiplayer games, and sadly, the rifle-based nature of this game make it camper heaven. Even so, I found it to be quite fun and a nice twist on the classic FPS experience."
76561198089072774,Recommended,242860,13900528,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ink Incorporated Incorporation,"It's a really good game. Trench Warfare simulator with a variety of rifles and weapon setups in the game. It's a game that requires you to stick with the squad to attack a trench or to defend a trench. It's certainly worth the money, and it's only in beta so you may see some bugs here and there, but it's still great! I'm still  a newbie in this game, and it's not very newbie friendly, but either way it's still fun.The only thing I don't like about this game is how many people are allowed per battlefield. This game has huge battlefields yet only a small amount of people are allowed to fight in the battlefield."
,Recommended,242860,12343140,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Sir Galahad the Pure,"Verdun itself is an original game because it is a ww1 multiplayer fps game.The gameplay is more challenging in comparison to COD for example but it is a really funny and enjoyable game.The graphics of the game the atmosphere and the maps are really great because they are exactly as ww1 battlefields used to be ,trenches, barbed wire, completely destroyed by artillery strikes landscapes, the no man's land etc. Also the way that the teams are obliged to change stance from defensive to offensive and vice versa adds a sense of tactical gameplay to the game. The ranking system also is greatly made because you will never level up too quickly or too slowly and it's really rewarding when you unlock new equipment. On the other side I would like to see tanks because they played an important role during world war 1. In it's current state the game has some bugs from which only a few can make the game to become unplayable on some occasions and you'll have to restart the game but it's really rare. So, the game needs mostly polishing. If you are an fps fan, red orchestra fan or you like history and you want a more challenging experience you should definitely buy it."
76561198079887162,Recommended,242860,13854408,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,garret928(toastempopups),to my knowledge it is one of the only ww1 fps games out there. it is a fun game with a different paceit actually kinda nudges/forces you to play trench warfare style and that is fun . there are worth it 10/10 would fall back again
76561198007858455,Recommended,242860,13855584,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Doom Paul,I killed germans as a glorious French soldier 10/10 would over the top again.
76561198052834263,Recommended,242860,13932594,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,naes666,Fun game even if your ping sucks like mine! Everyone can find a role to excel at and help the team. I got it on sale and it has been well worth the reduced price. Look forward to updates.
76561198046322386,Recommended,242860,13345132,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Parzival,"I've played it for about 4 hours so far. This game is seriously amazing. The mechanics are pretty realistic, you know; bullet drop, having to lead your target, you can't take like 15 shots, regenerate and keep moving. You get hit once, you die. It's really squad based. Meaning if you don't coordinate, you'll surely lose."
76561198065988038,Recommended,242860,13377757,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Norlax,Great game...most realistic game i ever played.The battlefield is epic and the diffrent characters you can be is fun to play with.Is still a alpa but still a awsome game. Join the fun...
76561198050436620,Recommended,242860,13381693,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Xeshadowz,"A very great game for the price. Don't let the Early Access scare you off, this game feels very much like a finished product (except for a glitch here and there). Solid gameplay and accuracy to history, makes Verdun a blast to play. Whether storming enemy trenches with my squad, calling in artillery strikes, or just stabbing people with my bayonet, I've loved putting in my 120+ hours. There's continual content updates from cool developers who appreciate feedback in-game and who have been stabbed on several ocassions with my previously mentioned bayonet.The community is another big plus for the game. It's small enough that I can get to know people and see them from time to time in-game and there are naturally few trolls. I've also had many politcal/historical conversations with people from all over the world so that's cool too.Overall I'd rate the experience 9/10"
76561198076631440,Recommended,242860,13687043,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Alternative,"for this game you will need some patience, but it will be worth it."
76561198067472922,Not Recommended,242860,14060449,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,PattyOB,slow
,Recommended,242860,14060569,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Hand Of Kane B2®,Still Need Some Work But Other Than That Good Game
76561198105048382,Recommended,242860,18681753,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ruski Comrad Vladamir,"I recommend this game to those who love old school realistic warfare. the only problem is the lag increase since the last update, making it very hard to play."
,Recommended,242860,18697061,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Baron von Pain,"If you enjoy war games or WWI this game is for you.  It's not COD or Crysis.  You don't jump around throwing knives or shooting high tech weaponry.  You get in the trench, you fight and then you die.  It's fast.  It's harsh.  It's awesome."
76561198135130205,Recommended,242860,18646760,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ASR@Smokey Button,How many other WWI Fps games have you played? Submersive and lots of fun if you can get past the massive amount of deaths you will have when you first start playing. Has potential to be very good game esspecially with the unique style of WWI trench warfare
,Recommended,242860,18635757,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bozzl,11/10 would hyperventilate poison gas again. phenominal game
76561198067906991,Recommended,242860,18492698,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Jiggins,Do you like intense combat and history all at the same time? THEN GET IN THE TRENCHES!
76561198145338001,Recommended,242860,18464987,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,GentlePumpkins,Great game for anyone that's been searching for a game that simulates fighting in the First world war !Check out my video of my experiences while playinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKQ-9Djlzro
76561198117190081,Recommended,242860,18450872,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,The Dragon 647,"this game is amazing, it is one of the best fps games i have ever played and it is one of the most immerive games ever. it is a refreshment from all of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FPS games out there that, (lets be honist here) are huge let downs to what the were going to be, are ok but then you get boerd of them after a bit, or are just plain terible games from the start. there are lots of world war two shooters in the first person such as the call of duty franchise (only the first few), and others including the free to play game titled, Heros and Generals. the free to play aviation game, war thunder, (which i would highly recomend and is one of my favorite games by the way) imploments bolth world war one and two planes very nicely but it doesnt quite fill the gap. well i am very happy to say that verdun does. the game does have fairly hight requirements but if you are willing to deal with medeum graphics settings then this is a great game for you. all in all i would highly recomend this game but it is only for few. if you are a history nut like me and go crazy for this stuff or even just are mildly interested inthe period. i woudl say that for the price it is a great choice and that you should go for it.  if you like modern shooters more and aernt really into the WWI period or like more competitive games like counterstrike global offensive, (again, i would also recomend that), then you should probobly save your money for somthing else. verdun is not for everyone. in my opinion i would say that this is a great game for me but it is not for everyone. keep that in mind. i would also sugjest looking up some gameplay of it becuase that is a good way to gauge how you might like it. now i will just shut up and say that this is one of the best games i have ever played and would highly recomend it."
76561198009175215,Recommended,242860,18466042,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,shorty_6390,"This game is Bloody mint Laddy!! made FPS more intriguing and awesome for me again. Also, that soundtrack is quite stirling. i can see this game having a bright future. Beware The Huns holding guns!"
76561198085812279,Recommended,242860,17882095,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,PilotSmurfin,"So just one little thing...can there be a button to fix bayonets. I think all guns, besides the machine gun, should be able to put a bayonet on your wepon. Instead of giving a few rifles a bayonet why not all. You could add an effect where aiming the gun is hard and hip fire is even harder."
76561198008461262,Recommended,242860,15748842,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Idéfix,"As a World War One and military history fanatic I can truly say that Verdun simulates the gritty trench warfare of the great war fantastically. As its been said, are you looking for a WWI FPS here's one, the only one. Unfortunately I cannot compare this game to any other WWI FPS because it isn't. But be warned; this game is not for people expecting the same experience as call of duty, this is not a game of skill comparison and self-improvement. This game is enjoyed to its fullest when teammates work together and fulfill their roles patiently, if you do not like waiting around and are frustrated easily by dying when you do not play with caution, this game probably is not for you. But if you love the thrill of stealth and precision, cooperating with squad and teammates and the rewards and self-satisfaction received when you finish victorious over your enemies, all set to a very accurately portrayed WWI setting then this is the game for you, the only one."
,Recommended,242860,15749016,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,xXxLerd_Gamer360xXx,LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE IT!!!!! WOULD RECCOMMEND IF U LIKE ACTION AND REALISM.
76561198065018625,Recommended,242860,15749738,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Zepper202,"While it may start slow, as you learn not to stick your head out or charge blindly into No Man's Land, it quickly picks up pace. It's a fast, dynamic, and unique FPS that's never sucessfully been attempted until now, and refreshing take on a bleak genre"
76561198009331615,Recommended,242860,15750197,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,lizardeyes,"This is a great game. Rescued the FPS for me. If there are BF1942 Mod players out there, you may remember a WWI mod for vanilla BF1942. It was good - trenches and tanks and bolt action rifles. thsi game is the best time I've had with an FPS since early BF1942. Part of it is the challenge of the bolt-action shots; but, it's also the ingenious frontlines game mechanic that encourages squad/teamplay and sets up awesome trench charges. Definitely worth buying!"
76561198108958861,Recommended,242860,15750240,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,United States of America,Gott mit uns!!!
,Recommended,242860,15735444,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Wilhelm,"I've been playing this game a lot lately, and I have to say I love it dearly. It is similiar to Rising  Storm/Red orchestra 2, but with better graphics and obviously it is WWI. I am dissapointed theres not more WWI, WWII, and  maybe even civil war games. It seem that everyone is  focused on making COD advanced warfare again and again...Verdun is different and a stand out. I greatly enjoy playing this game. The combat feels great, and it keeps you on your  toes.However I am somewhat dissapointed to see it leave early access as im not sure if its just quite ready yet. There are a few small things such as movements, hit boxes, and stuff like that that could use some  more tweaking. Other  tthan that,  the game is gold. Heres to hoping this studio  puts out more historical shooters (Hoping for a civil war game myself.)"
76561198066418446,Recommended,242860,15737894,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Astefy,"A pretty refreshing FPS, in a genre well known for its lack of originality.Might need some technical improvements and tweaks, but a really nice game,well thought and original. 10/10 would buy again."
76561198000140745,Recommended,242860,15739254,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Covert_Tiger,Very good game! It is good to see a representation of the first world war in a form that is not RTS based.
76561198006541410,Recommended,242860,15739707,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,muzrub,"Fantastic game. However, when you consider the influence Australian troops played in the 1918 campaign and earlier (& Monash's use of Arty, tanks and infantry at Hamel--- the first successful allied assault in 2 years with minimal casualties), I feel they should be added to the game. They were the only volunteer army during the war and Australia lost more than 40% in dead and wounded of its under 40 male population--- a staggering amount. The said they feared two adversaries, the Scots and Australians--- neither seem to be represented,"
,Recommended,242860,15739961,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Pickle Mick,"Having spent most of my life playing fast paced, old school shooters, this isn't a game I thought I would actually come to enjoy. But it is one of the most tense and satisfying games I have played in years.The devs of this game have managed to capture the tension, fear and isolation you would feel in WW1 while crawling through trenches with bullets whizzing past your head.This game succeeds where others have failed when encouraging team play. The objectives are clear cut. You push, or you defend. Easy right? :D Not quite. The whole team has to come together to defend and attack. The guys that sit out of range of the objectives will soon learn that they will not achieve much trying to stat ♥♥♥♥♥ their KDR. If you are out of range of the objective and your squad, you will not earn as many points. This for the most part works in encouraging team play.This game seems like it was a labour of love for the developers of this game. The fact that this game is so unique gives them away. The asking price for this game is only $20. That is a steal for a game that isn't riddled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransactions, has great multiplayer and a clear development direction with free expansions to come."
76561198014777817,Recommended,242860,15741346,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,rollandsown,"If you're a fan of WW1 then this is the game you've been waiting for. And if you're not that familiar with it, the dynamic of the gameplay offers something a little different to the usual shooters. The game still needs to expand a lot so I'm looking forward to many improvements."
76561198088042055,Recommended,242860,15741910,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,The Jammy Dodger,Love this game. So much fun to play.
76561197978702151,Recommended,242860,15474848,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,imendars,"The werry best shooter on market. xD While there are army of greate shooters, this one offers diferent experiance, real war like fealing :)"
,Recommended,242860,15475993,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,SpamStic,10/10 would never leave the trench again.
76561198104672103,Recommended,242860,15462941,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,smellyfish6,WW1 Verdun sweet Nice game get IT but only negative is the deaths
76561198046095914,Recommended,242860,15611895,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rowan,Best Shooter this yearA early access dev who actually fufilled their promises. thats ♥♥♥♥ing rare
76561197995737319,Recommended,242860,15612487,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,|TG-Irr| Socomseal,"Verdun is a far cry from COD and Battlefield, its a unique game with a healthy dose of realism. Verdun is set in trenches of World War 1, which is a very refreshing and new setting. Verdun also tries to accurately depeict the war by showing the player the futility of trench warfare. Additonally, Verdun has decent squad and teamwork mechanics.Overall, a 10/10 for me. It feels like Red Orchestra 2 set in World War One, its perfect."
,Recommended,242860,15612646,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hemköp,This is a very fun multiplayer game. Do you get frustrated a lot? Then you will maybe not like this game so much. It's a FPS shooter set in WW1. And it really feels like so. The moment you pop your head up you get shot. The weapons handle nice and the overall atmosphere is really good. I recommend giving this game a try. An extra bonus is if you have friends to play with.
,Recommended,242860,15612878,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rocket Man,"Its allright. Some parts are clanky, but woth playing."
76561197984269245,Recommended,242860,15136567,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CharlieDontSurf,"The only WW1 fps, and a totally decent one with a focus on realism.If you enjoy this game, please consider buying Red Orchestra 1."
76561197997399984,Recommended,242860,15614951,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,SgtGenDanbo,"I've been playing this game since it first came out on Steam and it's fun for awhile but certain elements really kill the experience for me. I think this is a bold project and unique as there are few WW1 games out there and I understand it's still being developed. Most of the time I've played it I've had pretty decent FPS and performance but the bugs can get annoying. In the end though, everybody has to deal with the bugs so I don't really feel cheated out of anything. The trench combat can be exhilerating and is highly addictive. I'm a combat vet and a huge WW1 buff and I think this game has the potential to be one of the most accurate and realistic shooters I've ever played. The only thing that really kills it for me is the spawn timer. Most matches are spent trying to get to combat or waiting to spawn. This wouldn't be too bad except I find myself being gunned down within three seconds of spawning far too often, just to wait another 20+ seconds to do it again. The 10% of the time spent playing that you're actually in combat is a blast though, and I think that a lot more people would play this game if the spawn times weren't as harsh. I understand the spawn timer is there to encourage players to go over the top together and funcion as a team, but let's face it-unless you're in a clan this is pretty rare on public servers. Usually a few players will work together but a lot of people still run around and do whatever they want. That being said, I'm giving this game a positive review because I think the developers have a wonderful idea and I fully support this project-although the long spawn times and bugs mean that I can really only stomach a few hours of playing every few months. I've been following this game since 2013 and I think it has the potential to be one of the best shooters ever made, but I wouldn't reccommend it for the casual gamer in its present state. I know the developers have worked very hard on this game and are constantly making improvements and I think someday it will really stand out among shooters, but I'm not sure if I'd buy it again. If you haven't bought this game yet, I'd definitely keep an eye on it though! It has some flaws now but hopefully most of these will be addressed in the near future. If you're a history buff and don't mind the long waiting and the bugs I would highly reccommend this game!"
,Recommended,242860,15615497,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cataclysm,"A bit laggy at the moment, but overall a good game, keep up the good work."
76561198079514473,Recommended,242860,15616806,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,CanIGetUhh,"As 40th President of the United States, I would like to honor the Men who fought and died in WW1.In this game you will have too much fun. You will die many times, and cause death many times. I have never wanted to pick up a single-shot rifle and deal swift justice to French people as much as I do after playing this game. If you cant hit them with your bullets, smash their heads in with the buttstock of your rifle!10/10 will smash Frenchies heads in again.10/10 Realism10/10 gave me PTSD. (Kinda like the time I saw Hillary Clinton naked...)"
76561198119754356,Recommended,242860,15469544,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,xDestroyer756,best ww1 game ever! needs the trench gun
,Recommended,242860,15617029,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Tankobite,"I have to say, living in Kansas, near the United States' National WWI Museum, I've been looking for more games about WWI ever since the centennial began.  I never actually expected that an FPS could work for this time period, but Verdun has proven me wrong.  The closest game to the feel of Verdun I’d argue would be Rising Sun or Red Orchestra Heroes of Stalingrad, but even then it’s not really a fair comparison.Verdun is a lot of fun for people who enjoy more of a challenge, because you will die a lot.  That’s pretty much non-negotiable.  I also personally enjoy the differences the squads and nationalities give to the game—Landser vs Stosstruppen, or Poilus and Canadians.  My best gripe really is that none of the maps actually feature the battle of Verdun itself and the early addition of Brits and Canadians kind of takes away from the focus of Verdun itself, which was a big drawing point to me—especially because I consider the French perspective in WWI to be woefully unremarked upon in the US and Britain.  But I’ll say that’s probably only a concern that I really have, and hopefully the game will add some maps like L’Homme Mort or maybe the defense of Fort Vaux in the future."
,Recommended,242860,15617278,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,The Bros,Heck yeah! Definitely one of the few FPS that stands out amongst all other ones on Steam this year
76561198076902608,Recommended,242860,15617884,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,dzrosales,"I've been playing Verdun since the early days on Konkregate, and I can proudly attest to the top-notch gameplay Verdun presents. This is easily the best WW1 game on the market, but I suppose that isn't the hardest thing to do, given the lack of  competition. Still, the action is immersive and a successful run can feel like quite a surreal experience, almost like watching a movie. But beware: this game will NOT run well on low-end computers even on the lowest settings -- I upgraded my graphics card after the recent big graphics patch, and the game simply would not run more than one frame per millennia. Besides that, this is an absolutely fabulous buy."
,Recommended,242860,15619418,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Nixus5,"All I can say is that this game is REALLY good now that it is fully released. I bought it in early access and didn't play it that much because it wasn't that polished, but now it SOO much better. When you play the game, there is a the fear of dying when your rushing or the fear of dying when your getting rushed by everyone else on the other team. It's REALLY exciting when your rushing and your getting hit by mortars and hearing the bullet literally zip by your body. And the era that game takes place (WW1) just makes it even better. All I can say is BUY THIS GAME!P.S.If you're a new player like most of you are, it will be really difficult. You have to get used to getting killed A LOT and not rushing every single time. You have to PLAY IT CAUTIOUSLY to stay alive. Never rambo it and hip fire. If you hip fire it won't go straight like in cod, it will go everywhere. If you follow these tips HOPEFULLY you'll rank up and be really good at the game. See you on the battlefield! :D"
76561198000679896,Recommended,242860,15619437,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Nikub,"The gmae is quite fun, i feel like the server might not be the greatest, i seem to have about 100 ping (not much) but seem to get a lot of lag at times. Wish more people played this game is a lot of fun when you get a full map going. and when a team starts talking and trying to strat its a blast. calling morters, charges, weak spots, and those MGs!Other than the lag at times, and some strange misses (can fire 5-6 shots iron sites on there chest and miss all, then fire 3 hip and hit 2 lol) with ur gun its pretty fun."
76561198068601304,Recommended,242860,15498663,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,YoYo Shane,"Decent GameA little pricy and lacks map , factions and weapons.One the bet ww1 games out now8 out of 10"
76561198007794324,Recommended,242860,15498674,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ikonu,Best WWI Shooter out there (I know that's not saying much).  Outstanding FPS on its own.
,Recommended,242860,15499426,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Postal1982,Devs have put in alot of good work.
,Recommended,242860,12295180,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Corpsegrinder,ww1 fps at its finest
,Recommended,242860,12369285,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,StackThoseKills,"Reminds me of older cod games.. Although the game isnt quite finished yet, the devs are doing a good job of releasing updates and fixes often."
76561198064435102,Recommended,242860,12371427,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Furt,Verdun is a great game if you like ww1 and trench warfar its really fun and it would be it again.
,Recommended,242860,12372145,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,! Taz the Husky,So many great things about this game. It take patience to learn but its worth it.
76561198036079656,Recommended,242860,12379326,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Julien Súl Gorm,The only game about the Great War that does it any justice.
76561198000809444,Recommended,242860,12379517,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Water_Buffalo,"Wether history buff, or just someone who is tired of run-of-the-mill FPS games, Verdun is an excellent blast to the past for anyone interested in the First World War!I find the gameplay very entertaining, and the most unique feature I feel is the fact that a vast majority of the weapons in the game are a one hit kill. No Leroy Jenkins(-ing?) in this game, and you've got to play smart! not to mention the role of officers in the game, they make teamwork in the game an awesome experience!I've clocked 40 somthing hours so far, and would highly reccommend it to someone looking for something a bit different or wanting to play in a conflict not popularized nearly enough in games."
76561198083195335,Recommended,242860,12318114,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Richard Cranium,"Great game. Truely one of a kind, as I have yet to see any other competent World War 1 trench warfare game to date. The balistics are truely enjoyable, and the terrain is grand feturing blown up tanks, broken altillary mountians, brush and trees. Is an ever growning enjoyable experiance.The British and Canadian forces have recently been added, furthering its grand potential. Still waiting for the American Forces... ;)"
,Recommended,242860,9765073,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Aggressive Octopus,The game is quite good for something that is in beta. One of the first games I played was literally just two sides pushing back and forth with huge losses and with neither side making any large gains. Don't take that as a bad thing though this game is quite fun. All in all if you like historical shooters this game will be a good buy for you. 7 out of 10
,Recommended,242860,11522767,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,flucker,"First off, the updates in the past several weeks have been fantastic.I was beginning to lose hope in this game around in the updates between 157 to160, but v164 is just STUNNING.The developers are good people who follow what they say they will.I am proud to be part of this community and a stable release can be seen in the horizon.One thing I want to say though is that players on the Japan servers is minuscule and nonexistent. I hope that you can find a mid way in the Asia Pacific region since I live in Japan; there are many Australians playing this game and I'm sure they would like it if they had a stable ping."
,Recommended,242860,12262277,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Buppz1,"That game is fun and challenging, But the rounds can last forever.     And a good video card is needed"
76561198007242151,Recommended,242860,12343080,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,yawf,"Excellent potenial. Enjoyable combat, solid graphics. This game gets better with each update. The final version I am sure will be amazing."
76561197973989793,Recommended,242860,12336334,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,meatwad,"I have really enjoyed playing this game.  Though there are a couple automatic weapons, you get to escape the pray and spray of todays ""modern"" shooting games.  With lots of different classes and weapons, and new ones coming, there is lots of variety.As it stands now, it is still in Beta, which means it is still undergoing active development all the time.  The downside, you will find a few things that are not polished off yet.  The upside, bugs and glitches get fixed quickly; and new features are being added without having to pay for a ""DLC"" pack.If you love fast paced first person shooters, that take more skill than luck, this is definitely a game to get.  And no matter what, I highly recommend any FPS fans to get this game and give it a go."
76561197970921210,Recommended,242860,12328390,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Xen,"Jawohl, gott mit uns!"
76561198085745167,Recommended,242860,12329565,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Rishabh,"If you are like me, and don't enjoy the majority of first person shooters, then this is the game for you."
76561198136998130,Recommended,242860,12251713,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,graham_barnes1,Excellent game very addictive.
76561198128989471,Recommended,242860,12283036,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,kevin3224,Great game. It can only get better from beta.
76561198018676722,Recommended,242860,12279486,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Chairman Meow,Running around with a gas mask on in a cold wet muddy trench tripping over barbed wire and dead bodies shooting at what i think is the enemy behind a poison gas cloud.and its only beta.10/10
76561197994753759,Recommended,242860,12384197,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,robdoggiii,Well it's certainly no Modern Warfare but it's an alright game. It could be more polished and add more match types but I still recommend it to anyone looking for an alternative to WW2 or modern warfare multipkayer FPS.
76561198045454903,Recommended,242860,12386631,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Corn,I like it. The gameplay is nice. The attack and defence is a different twist on an FPS. It's good.
76561198027388931,Recommended,242860,7456072,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Walter Eriksson,Absolutley worth the money ;)
76561198143818551,Recommended,242860,16227733,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Redspartan0117,love it you buy it you play it you love it get it got good
76561198041220494,Recommended,242860,16228672,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,garrett52789,A great game. Verdun promotes squad communication and teamwork. It is about capturing small pockets of trench at a time and a back and forth flow between attacking and defending. The maps are LARGE and most of the weapons are bolt action rifles - this aint no 'Call Of Duty'. It takes strategy and teamwork to win.
,Recommended,242860,16251067,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,StrayWolf,"I don't know what I was expecting when I finally pulled the trigger and got myself a copy. I figured it would be another FPS based on WWI.Man was I pleasently surprised to find out that it wasn't the case. Very different play style. You MUST work with your squad. Unlike squads in BF4...squads in Verdun serve a purpose and it works well. If you're on a squad that knows what its doing...it'll rock.Game play - overall, its 'ok'. It has its glitches - mainly when it comes to movement over the artillery scarred terrain. Animations appear to be rather generic - they could use some refinment to make it more 'realistic'.Hit detection has some issues and they need to tighten it up a bit.This is a very 'one-shot kill' type game that might throw some people off if that is not their style. But it makes you think and work with your squad. No medic class here...thank God.I applaud the devs to picking a historically based FPS and running with it. I think they have made a great game that with time will only get better. Hopefully this game gets a wider player base and more people join up.Do yourself a favor...pick it up, learn it and join the fight."
76561198043352878,Recommended,242860,16253442,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tr8-t0r,"Amazing game. Gives you the feel of being a WW1 soldier, shell shock included."
,Recommended,242860,13370679,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[Comrade] Patt,"After a full year of playing this game, all i can say is that despite still being a work in progress, this game is likely one of the best great war games you will possibly find. In addition, being still in beta, this game has unlimited potential and all the fans (most of them also play RO2, showing similarities) sincerely hope to see great things from this dev team. Hope to see you on the battlefield. -Lord Briuhn"
76561198004182651,Recommended,242860,16255061,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,loghead03,"""Verdun is the first multiplayer FPS set in a realistic First World War setting.""Straight off, you're wrong. Have you guys not heard of The Trenches? Absolutely beautiful HL mod, way ahead of it's time, pushing that engine to it's max. Gameplay was extremely similar to Verdun, although without the multiple trench scoring system and whatnot. More of a classic Team Deathmatch type play. Also, you had to manually operate your bolt rifle. Neat trick.But back to THIS game. It's really good. No questions about it, it needs more players because it's extremely addicting.Do you love Day of Defeat?Do you love TF2?Do you love CS (but aren't 12 and appreciate vintage warfare)?See, this isn't some fancy mod-your-gun and spray bullets shooter. This is straightforward, no frills FPS. The weapons aiming is very crisp and smooth, similar to Half-Life and it's spawn. Firing from the hip isn't accurate. Aiming is more accurate. Holding your breath is most accurate. It's simple and honest. You get clipped by an era rifle round, you're done bro, no matter where. Realistic? Hell yes. You go stand in front of a 180gr 8mm Mauser round and tell me if you can keep fighting, even if it grazes you.TL;DR, it's a really good game. Get it"
76561198145580209,Recommended,242860,16255118,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,joey.nixon1,great fun !
76561198153821479,Recommended,242860,16261430,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,jack hails ENGLAND,i got this game on the 5th i think and the lag is stupid i pade all £16.99 and it isent working and keeps cicking me out of games saying error and ideas?
,Recommended,242860,16261752,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,[GM] ben55,Very good game good job!
,Recommended,242860,16262787,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,cummies,"Spawn in trenchesInstantly crouch, because fear of getting domedStick head up for a second and crouch back down, looking for the enemy, this happens in the time span of about 1 secondDo this at least 20 timesHear rounds whizzing past my head to my left and rightFinally get shot in headRip11/10 would be meerkat again"
,Recommended,242860,16264664,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Was willst du von mir!,Fun but fairly glitchy
76561198066882224,Recommended,242860,16264724,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,☭Mongoose☭,You think it's the easiest game in the world untill you get the order to go into no man's land. Then you revise your decision.
,Not Recommended,242860,16155676,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Exemption,like♥♥♥♥♥
76561197974938622,Recommended,242860,11461094,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Mr.Boe.dk,if you want to try a different first person shooter..buy it :D its awsome even here in beta phase..:)
,Recommended,242860,11462303,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Brave Sir Robin,"very good game, cant wait for the finished game."
76561197991827057,Recommended,242860,11462965,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Blazie,dont know what it is but i love it
76561198023572712,Recommended,242860,11463617,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Don't Buy Dawn of War 3,"enjoying this game so far, at first i thought the graphics were terrible. then i realised everything was on minimum, so i ramped it all to full and it actually looks quite nice. it is really good to see a WWI shooter, i was considering starting to write one when i come out of university. i reallly like the trench fighting system, though it would be nice to see multiple capture points along one trench so that you can either over extend with enemies still in previous trenches or methodically go through each trench killing everyone. would allow for some more attack and defence options.MG emplacements would be nice too as it seems very easy to attack at the moment. and more artillery.all in all though a good fun game, cant wait to see how it develops."
76561198063260635,Recommended,242860,11464542,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,123,"This game is incredibly fun and realistic! Although it is still in Alpha, I really love the way it plays. The trench warfare is the most fun I have had playing any game that tried to capture real trench warfare. CoD: WaW? Pshh. Although fun, and probably one of my favorite CoDs, this game blows it out of the water. Running from trench to trench trying to capture an objective while being shot at by enemies it quite hard, but very realistic. I definitely reccomend this game to any FPS lover. Speically if you are fond of older war games like I am."
76561198092810738,Recommended,242860,11464828,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Hipster Alpaca,This game is awesome. I would love to see these guys make a World War 2 game.
76561198017934254,Recommended,242860,11465970,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,sammy2807,Ive only played this for about 20 mins so far and already i love it.As someone who has a big interest in ww1 i have been waiting for a game that is half decent and this is it.I mean sure i died like ever 20 seconds but thats the authentic feel of if you are exposed even for a few seconds you get shot.The attack and defend mode is a touch of brilliance that will make you feel  like your part of some big offensive to take an enemy trench. The getting shot for desertion is another good touch however i found that sometimes its not too clear about where the boundries are but it stops players who are supposed to be defending charging off at the attackers. The effects of barbed wire is also a nice touch where some shooters things like that are purely asthetic the wire on this can kill and this is a really nice touch.  I that maybe they could add a couple more game modes and maybe a few bots to give the even bigger scale but the scales quite big now so thats just me. Artillery would also be nice there are mortars which commanders can command but thats just small scale. There is also no tutorial so sometimes getting use to using stuff isn't the easiest task. Gas would also be a good addition.Overall i think Verdun has made a very very good start and i cannot wait to see how it grows and a very very strong ww1 title.If you like shooters or ww1 or even both i would definatley recommend this game especially while it is discounted.
,Recommended,242860,11467443,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,MileS,"This game is great, it is fun, enjoyable, and most of all great value for money. This is a must buy for anyone who enjoys FPS, or team deathmatches!"
,Recommended,242860,11602608,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Byzantine,"This game is alot of fun!!It has a very sillar feel to Red Orchestra 2 // Rising storm, but is differnt in a few key aspects. If you enjoy those two games then you will also get some enjoyment from Verdun too :)"
76561198071298067,Recommended,242860,11608195,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,PenguinsWithTopHats,"Well I must say it is jolly refreshing to find a game as unique and enjoyable as Verdun. Never before have I played an FPS set in the blood stained Trenches of Western Europe and I doubt there will ever be another. So pick up your rifle....and prepare to miss due to a certain number of bugs that unforunately flaunt this game. I.E FPS Issues, Lag Issues, Broken Animations etc. However these bugs are to be expected as the game is still ""early Access"" and im sure that they will be sorted over time. I look forward to the future updates which promise Gas, Tommies and new weapons. A plethora of features which are sure to keep the players happy. Immersion is a strong characteristic of Verdun, you feel involved in the grueling Skirmishes between the two sides. In essence, buy this game, it can only get even better :)"
76561197977133808,Recommended,242860,11647135,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Souj,"A surprising amount of fun. I really like this new game mode of attack then defend. It feels different, fits the setting and maintains a good momentum. I also like that almost everyone as bolt action rifles. I didn't think i'd like this game as much."
76561198015583781,Recommended,242860,11653479,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,^7Hover Cat,Pop pop pop watchin frenchies drop.
76561198062080038,Recommended,242860,11498304,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Zweite-Leutnant Irish,Verdun is an amazing WW1 based fps game probably the best ww1 games out there
76561198018952606,Recommended,242860,11499905,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Obi,It's better than every other WWI game out there.
,Recommended,242860,11501759,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Chemical,Verdun..When i first bought the game i thought it was a waste of money but as i kept playing the game i got so attached to the game that if you check my profile its my favourite game.It is an amazing game and which resembles the world war 1.If you like war games i strongly recommend this game.Its still early access and its pretty good. i cant imagine how good the completed game will be :)
76561198030495862,Not Recommended,242860,11504319,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Twytchy,"Never before now do I think I ever wanted a refund for a game. ESPECIALLY not one I bought on sale. The controls are bad, the layout is wonky, the visuals hurt my eyes even on the best quality, and the gameplay is frustrating, confusing, and simply un-fun. 0/10 recommend avoiding it."
,Recommended,242860,11506146,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Rutty,"Such good, much kill, very wow."
,Recommended,242860,11507589,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,brajen2011,just awesome :)
,Recommended,242860,11508722,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Comfortably Numb,"I would definetly reccoment purchasing this game if you enjoy World War games and multiplayer-based gameplay. There are still many bugs that are being worked out, but this is an impressive original game with a unique concept and a good community of players."
,Not Recommended,242860,11509230,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Wrenn,Lag Simulator 2014
,Recommended,242860,15630744,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Normiecide,Got me some Nazi Skulls
76561198222041144,Recommended,242860,15630879,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,intifada,World War II ain't got nothin' on this ish.
76561198060056159,Recommended,242860,15630921,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,sean_o,"Absolutely love this game. Great idea well executed, improving with every patch. Looking forward to official release! If you're after a great First World War fps Verdun's your game."
76561198065185296,Not Recommended,242860,15500566,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Glass Pigeon,"I thought trench warfare would be boring, but I actually dig this game. There are always updates and improvements - the last few of which have made a big difference.Also, you can use a trench club and club your enemies to death. Not to mention mortars, gas attacks, silly looking old machine guns, and teamwork!UPDATE: Oh my good lord, so it's out of early access but the hit detection is still complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I can aim directly at someone, steady with my sights on the chest, only 10-15 feet away...MISS. Oh yeah, and they aren't moving. Meanwhile, I can be running and from a mile away a guy will spin around, have just BARELY pulled up his sights, and get me first shot. This is one of many times this has happened. I've beet less than 10 feet away, aimed as perfectly on someone as you can possibly be, and multiple misses, then they turn around and get me. I know this happens to other people because I've had stellar games reaching 1st place with high kills, low deaths, and with an always moving style of play (because ♥♥♥♥ you if you get online to take a rest and stay prone the whole game) and during some of those games I wondered how I survived so many encounters. They were probably raging about how they should have killed me, and I wouldn't blame them.I have been telling people to play this game in hopes that the bugs would be gone quicker than this. Now I cannot recommend despite the consistent updates which usually makes me very happy."
,Recommended,242860,15631012,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Camouflaged Cow,"This is the best WWI shooter on Steam. It does everything right with a few weird things like somewhat-stiff reload animations which can be overlooked. It also very well implements other features from the FPS genre like holding your breath while aiming down your sight, like in Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm. It's pretty historically accurate, but I'm no WWI expert. You must buy this is you have $23 and/or like any kind of FPS.Rating:9.5/10-Near Masterpiece95% of the game done right with a few flaws that can easily be patched. Great work M2H and Blackmill Studios! Keep it up!"
76561198128354143,Recommended,242860,15631083,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Nerd Rage,This game... Is SO DAMN GOOD. Just... buy it. You will do yourself a HUGE favor.
76561198035505462,Recommended,242860,15631784,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,MediocreGatsby,Really fun and interesting FPS experience. Uses the WW1 setting extremely well. Interesting game modes. Solid community. Balanced weapons. Huge improvements since early access. Highly recommend to anyone who wants a different FPS experience that feels like a homage to early Call of Duties.
76561198031537687,Recommended,242860,15631986,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TacosDontLie,"Squad play is way more complex and fun that you might think. Once you get the basics, it's a really fun game."
76561197968201980,Recommended,242860,15632163,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,JHall,It's everything you would want out of a WWI trench shooter.
,Recommended,242860,15633384,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Stevie,Yes. Do it. What are you afraid of?
76561198001684848,Recommended,242860,15634087,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Danotasi,"Really Good game. You really feel like you are in the middle of trench warfare, they even have shellshock effects."
76561198010392957,Recommended,242860,15281257,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Super Drewski,Enojy the gamr. I think it is coming along nicely. Hope more join the fun.  Trench warfare gotta love it.
76561198032169716,Recommended,242860,15644246,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TheCognizantFob,"Offend everyone with historically accurate imperialist smack talk; complain about machineguns, barbed wire, mortars, gas attacks, and everything else, just like you're straight out of the history books; realize the lack of movement freedom is because your player soldier is shaking too hard from Shellshock to reload his gun properly, and trench foot means he can't sprint for more than 10 seconds; and make fun of all the noobies who didn't pay attention in history class and therefore have no idea what's going on10/10, it was ok -IGN"
76561198059706870,Recommended,242860,15644575,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,empro-green,"really fun game.  hard at first and perhaps frustrating at times, but so worth the money for anyone who enjoys a non-conventional FPS."
76561198091960716,Recommended,242860,15644977,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Rebel555,"I have played games for my entire life (a long time). I have never written a review, but this Developer has made one of the most unique and fun FPS games I have ever played. The community is great and helpful to new players and it requires people to work together. This is a true gem of a game and it has grown nad improved MASSIVELY since the beta days. You really sometimes get the intense feeling that you are in no man's land between the trenches when you and your teammates must run headlong into the enemy position while everyone is getting gunned down or hugging a muddy crater behind the corpse of a comrade who did'nt hit the dirt in time. Decent graphics and game mechanics that are constantly improving and no two matches are ever the same! There is a learning curve but it is not hard to get the hang of and you will have fun no matter how good or poorly you are playing that day. I would highly recommend this game for the ridiculously low price it is set at. See you in the trenches!"
76561198029944051,Recommended,242860,15645762,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,CaptSnow12,"Went ""over the top"", got shot, died, re-spawned in a crater, got shot, died.... 10/10 would go ""over the top"" again"
76561198026565250,Recommended,242860,15645854,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Thorpedo,really interesting game. WWI is a criminally ignored in terms of video games made for it and its great to see one. While slower than Counter Strike it is still a really good buy
76561197979963315,Recommended,242860,15646023,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Eric,"I rarely post reviews on games and rarely play multi-player games since the inception of PC games. This is far and away the best multi-player game I've ever played and would be great even as a single player game. Hate dying defending the trench, hate dying attacking a trench but the first kill was fantastic. Learn to die well and practice, practice, practice !!!"
76561198041099372,Recommended,242860,15647014,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,VainGloryBe,"Great Game, the atmosphere is amazing, and puts you in the miserable moldy shoes of a WW1 infantryman. The feeling and mood of the game is backed up by solid gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,15647394,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,I dip copenhagen,i love this game i have been playing since 0.99 and the community is amazing and intelligent about the actual war. buy this game for the KAISER
76561198073117819,Recommended,242860,15734891,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Vince,"Fantastic WW1 FPS, gets you immersed into the Horrors of Trench Warfare in WW1! If your a fan of WW1 this is the game for you!"
76561198100767438,Recommended,242860,15718830,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,shanedmartinez58,best game ever. nuff said.
76561198092251922,Recommended,242860,15718913,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Gaming_Bandits,"This game is amazing and is totally worth buying. This is an excellent WW1 FPS and there are none that can compare, even if they existed as this is literally like the only one on the market. All in all you should get this game its fun, the players actually try to work together, and as a whole it makes the experience worthwhile."
76561198117534395,Recommended,242860,15718968,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Samjakub,"This game is Great, It really captures the Trench Warfare in WWI and It also is just a fun FPS. of course there are still some bugs, and it seem serverside issues. But they dont ruin the game. It is definitley worth the buy!"
,Recommended,242860,15719780,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Frypot,"A really fun squad based FPS. If you enjoy Red Orchestra, you will enjoy this. A good balance between both teams with neither taking the advantage on loadouts and some really fun maps."
76561198052544202,Recommended,242860,15719898,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,UberDude,"It is with caution that I recommend this game. In truth it is a lot of fun, and a unique shooter in its own.However, people with latops, or lower quality video cards may or may not suffer from random crashes while playing, and this might just be a personal hardware problem, but I'm not ruling out stability issues.Anyway, there's little else I can say that others haven't already said, Verdun is a solid and very fun shooter, and if you're sure that your computer can run it properly, I recommend that you buy this game."
,Recommended,242860,15719920,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,boylinux,Good game.
,Recommended,242860,15720365,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Rexs183 [BLU],"It has its flaws, but an amazing game regardless!"
,Recommended,242860,15720529,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Dimitry of the Don,10/10 would mustard gas again
,Recommended,242860,15720625,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Evad,"Awesome gameplay and fun to play.Only bad thing is the servers, a ton of desyc and shots from no where. Also invisible walls every now and then.Put in dedicated servers and this game will be 10/10 or upgrade the severs to better fit people who want to destroy the servers by playing with 100+ ping."
,Recommended,242860,15720949,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Sasha Bezukladnikov,"Very fun game if you enjoy history, particuarly WWI. As much as I love WWII games, its refreshing to see WWI.Gameplay is superb and battles can be faught to the tooth and nail every match.Biggest complaint would be the spawn time. You get out of the trench to charge across no mans land just to meet a bullet that takes life instantly, then you have to wait 10-30 seconds to respawn only to happen again... Hope they balance spawn times.Otherwise completely recommeded."
76561198006630168,Recommended,242860,15722404,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,emperor_personius,"I love this game, great WW1 game. The only WW1 fps so far.  I like how they have implemented trench warfare with the different sides having to take each others trenchs."
76561198071792167,Recommended,242860,15722991,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Guido Gang,I give it a 10/10Really fun even though i only have 5 hours played i can still say that it is fun and hard at the same time. Good graphics good gameplay cool maps and the guns are alright but its world war 1 so i didnt expect them to be to good. Overall i recommend this game to anybody that doesnt mind getting killed alot and sitting back defending and getting sniped from who knows where lol.
,Recommended,242860,15723207,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,PseudoJuju,"It's a long way, to tipperary...Oh yeah, great game. Would recommend to anyone who likes WWI and/or Shooters"
,Recommended,242860,15723341,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Ra Tallion,Yeeeeeeeeees
76561198129364217,Recommended,242860,15724299,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,[MU]Realgar,"After i play this game 20 hours, i can told this is a good game about world war. (sorry about my English language)Pros :- Exciting gameplay system- The offensive and defensive gameplay- Old-fashion gun / old-school machine gun & exclusive weapon ex: 1886 Lebel with bayonet or the club- Unique squad system- Rifle war- Signature 1914 theme song !! so coolCons :- Bug FPS drop- Grass graphics- Gas mask visionSummary : 8.7 / 10"
,Not Recommended,242860,15726156,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Danny,"Love getting into a mutliplayer game just to have it close on me and give me an error, what a waste of money."
76561198033350121,Not Recommended,242860,26760733,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nick,"This game is absolutely awful.I can't understand the appeal of these competitive multiplayer titles. They're all the same, you play it for ten minutes and think it's pretty good, then you start getting into it and trying to be competitive only to find that you're not good at the game because you're competing against andrenaline fueled maniacs who live only to play these kinds of games so they can continue to live. I swear games like this are just the worst, just tonight I had to unistall OverWatch and this due to how extremely unbearable the players are, what with their constant flucutations between ""Trolling"" and being way too cocky for their own good. It's such an obnoxious environment not just in terms of the player's behavior but also in the way they play. Some cheat, most don't, and that's the scary thing. The ones that aren't cheating have such amazing eyesight that I guess with my young / old adult age my eyes must be getting worse because about roughly 96% of the time I can't even see the person standing a hundred feet in front of me, and I'm dying to people over hills through the brush and everywhere around me at the same time. This isn't so much a game as it is a test to see how long you can tolerate dying without getting a single kill or even seeing the culprit(s) that are killing you.I wish I could honestly just get games like these but with A.I. I despise people and they in turn despise everyone including themselves making it absolutely vile to play any game online with anyone. This is why I personally avoid these types of games but here I am, a historian at heart losing heart due to getting a purple heart for the amount of stress I've taken leading to a heart attack while in Sargeant H(e)artman's platoon.In summary, don't buy this game if you're not roughly 10-19 years old or if you have poor eyesight, reflexes or any sort of disability, chances are you're not meant to play online with other people. I'm not saying don't buy it. Buy it and see it for yourself make your own conclusions but if you want that red flag of ""Is this a game I can play without getting annoyed in?"" chances are you'd thank me for the flag I'm waving here.3/10 Below average, other than the graphics, sounds and atmosphere the whole game seems a little off. It's an uncanny valley feel, ragdolls aren't working as intended and hitboxes feel a bit off, the whole game is just a mess with a nice pain job on top in my opinion, no facts really to back it up."
76561198007267951,Recommended,242860,15857375,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,AWOL Jedi,"Great game.  Loved everything about the weapons and the fact you will die, a lot, from enemies you will never see.  Guess thats what you get for charging across the middle of no mans land.If you are tired of getting murdered by kids who have better weapon upgrade than you, then this game is for you! Good ol iron sights and nothing more.  Each country has their own different squad layouts for different types of gameplay.  You can end up with a shovel to pound some heads or an automatic machine gun to run through the enemy trenches and blast away.Absolutely would recommend."
76561198031666167,Recommended,242860,15857792,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Scipio_Africanus,FUN GAME
76561198028635275,Recommended,242860,15629183,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ocean Man,great game awesome dev team but it needs more work though
76561198060007613,Recommended,242860,15629580,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,T  w  i  n K y  ^-^,"I am only going to review the game's gameplay, since I'm a firm believer that good graphics are non-essential to a game's ( non commercial ) success, and I'm playing on low settings. If the core game is at least very good, the rest ( graphics, voice acting, technical issues.. ) can be fixed or even totally ignored.Where to start? First, I would like to say that this is the best shooter I have played in an extremely long time, easily the best since COD4 ( it's even better than that game ). The game is also the most balanced video game I have ever played, it's ALWAYS your fault when you get killed, and when your team loses it means that you have been completely outplayed by the other team, not by one individual player like COD.You will probably notice that the game's most salient feature is its emphasis on realism and teamwork. You simply cannot capture basis or lift the whole team on your own, and trying to blindly rush the enemy will get you absolutely obliterated. Guns have sway and recoil, in addition to ballistics, meaning that using them is much more than simply aiming at an enemy troop and firing; You have to patiently take your shots to mitigate the recoil and sway effects, which in turn makes the game significantly more tactical and detail-oriented. Often, the only difference between losing or winning a sniping duel is taking your shot a bit too early, and thus ruining your accuracy due to recoil or sway.Also, mobile targets require you to lead your target to compensate for their movement and distance, a feature that is increasingly being done away with in modern shooters.The maps in this game have a very unique design unseen in other shooters: they are large and open ended, but with many trenches scattered accross the landscape. This means that they tend to favour long range combat when the enemy hasn't yet come to capture your base, and close range fighting when your base ( or frontline ) is infiltrated by enemies. Of course, the maps being designed that way means that taking cover and carefully choosing when to fire and whom to fire at is more crucial than in any other game out there, and being out in the open for any extended period of time is next to impossible - the only other game I know of where taking cover is also vital is Medal of Honor 2010 - . The large size of the maps do lend themselves to camping and sniping from long distances, which isn't a bad thing once you realize that these players are a liability to their team in this objective based game and can be taken down if you pull out your rifle and very patiently hunt them down. In any case, it's better than the corner camping garbage that plagues other popular shooters ( usually a direct consequence of very poor map design ).The aforementioned points ( maps, teamwork, guns and realism..) have several ramifications upon how the game is supposed to be played and how it is approached by the community. You will notice a more ordered and structered gameplay with very little random chaos and unexpected events, like constantly being shot in the back due to poor spawns or map design in other games, or appearing to be winning only to be baffled that you're acually on the losing team. Battles have a flow to them, you can notice on the spot without looking at the scoreboard which team has the momentum and which team is being dominant, which is proof of the underlying excellence of the game's mechanics and overall design. If you are on the receiving end of some serious beating, it will be very palpable. The extreme dichotomy between being on top and mercilessly exterminating the opposition, and being pinned down and ripped to shreds has rarely been nailed down so well in the gaming industry.To sum it all up: the game is extemely fun, very well balanced and, because most guns kill in a single shot, quite brutal ( but in a completely fair and great way). You can't help but appreciate the hardcore feel of the game and the guns in it. It is also a throw back to the old days ( pre killstreaks and health regen ) when shooters actually required skill and were among the most lovable games, and a healthy escape from the low levels the genre has stooped to since then.  If you want a new take on the FPS genre, a uniqely different experience, this is one of the very few games that can provide you with that, and much more.10/10, Flawless."
76561198147077848,Recommended,242860,15629682,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,lazycheez90,"This game is one of the best, if not the best historical combat simulator. It is realistic which can satisfy some players for the drive for that ""realism"" feel. No doubt this game will leave you at the edge of your seat while you are trying to defend your trench from a huge wave of invading soldiers. However, this game is rather new, so expect some sound effect or animation flaws, but this is fixed with what seems weekly updates. Overall I definitely suggest this game to every player, especially those who love and seek historical games."
,Recommended,242860,15630122,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Cpl. Waters [42ndPA],"Excellent game:When I first got it, ages ago, it was very glitchy and needed work.But now, the developers have done an excellent job improving it and making it a one of a kind fps.-10/10"
76561198006142806,Recommended,242860,15630450,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,AV,"Finally a World War I game that is true to the period. Think you're safe in a trench? Nah, mortars. Time to go over the top? Nah, machine-gunned. Defend your trench against the advancing enemy line? Nah, sniper. 10/10 would recommend (seriously though, this♥♥♥♥♥♥s fun)"
,Recommended,242860,11215702,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,II./JG1_Schultz,Very good game play and the maps are really fun.
,Recommended,242860,11022071,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DiVeR✅🅱,10/10 love it
76561198076426081,Recommended,242860,11993401,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Cypher,fun and unique
,Recommended,242860,11953202,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,BOO GHOSTS,In early access and is loads of fun. This can only get better! Experience barbwire and hell with WWI trenches. If you want better weapons well you better get good or deal with the crap you start with forever
76561198035741405,Recommended,242860,12495318,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Cuda,You can play as Canada  now. 11/10
76561198065324532,Recommended,242860,11082200,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Braydos,I like it now Aus servers :)
,Recommended,242860,12796611,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Garrett,"Its been a few months since I played the game so the updates will have improved it a lot. But what I have played has been very fun and interesting, its the only WW1 FPS I've ever seen and does a great job of encouraging teamwork. Though I think it would be more fun if more organized charges would happen, but thats the players' fault."
,Recommended,242860,12504808,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Judaz,"Very nice game, smooth gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,12569397,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,ManOfFortune,"I have not played too much of the game but it does get annoying wheather you have a good commander or a bad one, if you can all work together its better off and i have been disconnected or ""timeout' no idea why must be a game bug but apart from that the shoots is realisticwith the aiming. i'd rate this a 7-1/2 Out of 10"
76561198018853778,Recommended,242860,12575421,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ozone,"Although in it's Beta form, Verdun gives a very acurate and intense view of WW1 combat, if you want a WW1 FPS game, or just a fun game in general, this is for you."
76561198138307994,Recommended,242860,12585328,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Buttonmasher54,"So I`ve never actually written a review for a game yet, so i think that my first review should be on a great game, hence I`m writing this on Verdun. I`m not going to write a great long list of pros and cons, simply because there are so many pros!About: Verdun is a WW1 squad based fps. With  the weaponry from the great war and maps that are historicall acurate.Servers/connection:  Verdun`s servers is the only main problem, the ""ghost bug"" accasionaly accurs, forcing you to leave you newly joined squad/match, and throwing you back to the main menu.Gameplay: From hiding in a bunker, to crawling through a gas cloud, you never feel safe. Verdun is unlike your ""Call Of Duty"" or ""Battlefield"" , Verdun demonstrates a realistic simulation of being in the first world war. Many aspects of the simple gameplay of Verdun justify how realistic the game is, forexample, with most rifles and other weaponry, it only takes one bullet to kill. This may seem the game unfair or for those who ""Camp"" to have a disadvatange. It doesn`t with the use of gas attacks and mortars, you can simply move and enemy from one place to another. The gameplay is smooth and the servers don`t affect the actually gamepleay i.e. Lag.Verdict: Verdun is simply a terrifying, war ""simulatory"", burst of energy, and is well worth £14.99 (don`t know how much in dollars or euros.) for a good time, well co-op made game, and pure fun. Play Verdun :)"
76561198069694509,Recommended,242860,12562062,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Stay_Tuned,"Best Fps I have played, it is fun to play with mates and it shows what it is like on a WW1 battlefieldStill a few bugs here and there, but anyway it is a great game"
76561198069264011,Recommended,242860,12547757,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,bad with tech,did u know imacs r so bad they cant even run this game :(
,Recommended,242860,12559917,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test,"Verdun is an awesome game. Gameplay is fun and rewarding, and I cant wait to see the finished version. A few bugs and graphical glitches here and there, but nothing game breaking. Highly recommended for ArmA fans."
76561198118629161,Recommended,242860,12595466,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,JJ Fisk MTP,"This is by far the best historic FPS, it just has everything. Dont think about buying it just buy it. Its that good!"
76561198048899514,Recommended,242860,12477986,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Smertrivs,Un des meilleurs FPS.
,Recommended,242860,12479328,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SuperJew,"This is a great game and it really gives the player the feeling of trench warfare and the chemical warfare is very entertaing, the game has many bugs that will be fixed by the time of the full release. If you want a fun WWI FPS then this is the game!"
76561198045119507,Recommended,242860,12468705,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Jack Layton,"28 July 1915 - Exactly one year after the conflict exploded:They told us we'd fight for the freedom of our land, to protect our family and beloved ones. Nothing could have been further from the truth... It's hell on earth here, where I lie on the wet and dirty ground of the trenches. I've seen strangers fall besides me to the sound of that terrible whistle. Charge they said, if you fall back you'll executed! So we marched, over dead bodies and empty cartridges, to fire our rifles at the monstrous army of the Kaiser.. When I was younger, my grandmother uses to tell me that I had German origins. Now I find myself asking; do I have more German blood in my veins or on my hands"
76561198066444676,Recommended,242860,12573778,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Zspartan254,"i recomend this game because its in my opinon almost everything that a world war one shooter/strategy should be the only thing missing is the full release yes its gets repetitivie with the attack and defend idea but overall 9/10 i hope in the future that they include a bit more options for the infantryon another note i would in the near future want to see a game with the same premis as this in a ww2 stand point maybe thats an option for the future,but overall 9/10"
76561198130763841,Recommended,242860,10963212,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,cosmech_cowguy,"This is what a FPS should be, even in beta i have not run into any bugs so far besides one: i was holding my gun backwards.But over all this is a great war game, i suggest it to people who like tatical and strategy games. 8.3/10"
76561198040602759,Recommended,242860,15709662,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Hectorious,Ran around like a KAMIKAZE around the trenches of WWI hitting everyone with a pistol...killed 10-definitely recommend 10/10
76561198072665510,Recommended,242860,15711304,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,*yeet*,"this game seemed good from the trailer and i liked the idea of it, so i bought it, after the first match i was hooked, the idea of teamwork in this game is key, you have to think about what to do and when to do it and it is completely full of origionality, i would without a doubt say its the best FPS on the market in its genre, as personally, ive had enough of CS:GO and its awful community, but verdun? a 10/10 for me."
76561198043913625,Recommended,242860,15711514,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Pentharolas,"I give it a 9/10.Pros:This game gives you a crazy sense of action.The back and forth capturing mechanic is great and makes the battles feel different.I like the handling and sound of the guns.The squads work nice.Weapons aren't gated behind levels. There is no huge grind to get the one gun you want to play with.Nice immersion, I feel engaged when playing.Cons:It needs some kind of auto-kick feature for afk players.A quick tutorial on how to change your loadout and such would have been helpful. But I was able to figure it out eventually.No tanks, but I can understand why.It can be kind of frustrating due to lag sometimes, but I can always pretend my deaths were just to help simulate the slaughterfest that was WW1.At times the number of players across the battles will be spread thin and the game needs someway to bring them together.Overall, I definitely reccomend buying this game if you like shooters. If you have played Mount and Blade Napoleon this game has that kind of feeling. The fast reaction based close quarters combat in the trenchs is a lot of fun."
76561198003662811,Recommended,242860,15712511,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,DonSalamos,Best Eat-Dirt-Simulator 2015!!!
,Recommended,242860,15691386,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,scarecrowman175,"By its appearance, it's a WWI FPS game. By actual gameplay, it's a tug-of-war-with-guns game."
,Recommended,242860,15713618,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Groundpenguin,"Verdun is a very interesting shooter. The setting is pretty unique these days and the maps are something pretty special.Matches in Verdun consist of two games modes, a deathmatch mode that is pretty self explanatory and the trenches mode this is where the meat of the game is.This mode involves each team taking it in turn to attack / defend a trench system. The attackers are given free reign of the field to attack whilst the attackers must stay around the cap zones. Once the attackers have enough men in the cap they can take it from the defenders. Once this stage is complete the dynamic changes to defending the newly captured trench from a counter attack.This leads to a great back and forth between teams until either all trenches are taken or the time limit is reached. This mode really captures the feel of this style of warfare where unless you are properly organised and coordinated with artillery, gas and infantry then it can be a tough slog.The graphics in Verdun are very nicely presented, I myself have some performance issues with anything about medium settings but even at that the game looks very nice with highly accurate uniforms and equipment.This game isn't for everyone, but to me it harks back to the days of Day of defeat 1.6 with great dynamic battles happening between capture points, a hugely immersive feel but without being too hardcore for newer players.Highly reccomended"
76561197988571979,Recommended,242860,15715407,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,[SFSS]Gunther,Really Fun Game to Play-  Enjoy playing it with my Clan members
,Recommended,242860,15716635,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ant,Amazing game! 2nd to none for some online shooting.
76561198057132171,Recommended,242860,15717893,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,SAWscars,I have never reviewed a game but I had to with this one. It is an amazing game that I think will get even better. The trench warfare is unlike anyother game! The weapons are perfect and it is a sold FPS. There are 32 players per server and the maps are reasonably small to where there are always Online players just poring into your trench or you and your team are poring into the enemies trench! It's always action packed! I highly recommend this game if you love historical games and games that require solid FPS skill and experince.
,Recommended,242860,15718760,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,BittySmacker9000,Pretty fun game
76561198079535743,Recommended,242860,15729074,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Alex Jones,its good
,Recommended,242860,15730407,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,County of Rymnik,"I wasn't sure how fun this game would be, because when I think of WWI I just think of people running around with rifles and dying by the thousands. Actually, that's not too different from what the game is actually like - but it's a lot more than that, and it's a lot more fun than it sounds! Yes, you will die a lot. However, the game has a suprising variety of different weapons and playstyles; playing as a recon squad is very different from playing as an assault squad, and even within squads, there is considerable variety. Speaking of squads, the squad concepts in the game are arguably its best points; it's fun to play with friends and gain experience for your squad. If you're looking for an fps that's different or a game that's historically accurate and immersive, look no further; it feels like you're actually in WWI, and, as it turns out, WWI is fun. (not sure if that's a good or a bad thing)"
76561198007189196,Not Recommended,242860,15730877,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Nadaniel,"Has no forgiveness in battle get hit anywhere and you die, what's that just spawned that makes you an awesome target.  Once took three steps from spawn and died like four times going different routes... This game needs alot of work.  If you want a good pc shooter go get Red Orchestra 2 and/or pacific storm both fantasically better than this.  Thought it was going to be better than it was at early release, but gameplay hasn't really imroved at all."
,Recommended,242860,25055197,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Dragonslayer Ornstein,Mustard gas only affects your breathing10/10 would apply to hot dog again.
76561198080931749,Recommended,242860,25161830,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,coolnether123,"This game is a lot of fun! It's all you could exspect from it. I do think you should get the game on sale (which is what i did.) This is a learning game, your definitaly going to get shot in the face without knowing where from. Happens a lot because of all the pros."
76561198007812362,Recommended,242860,25163704,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,grandmaslayer,"Great game that sets itself apart from most shooters. It can be unforgiving at first, but once you get the hang of it, the game can be really fun. Persevere, and you will be rewarded. Trench warfare never seemed this fun."
76561198038141358,Recommended,242860,18554782,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Comrade Rosko,"A good WW1 FPS.It's like being in the actual war, most battles are a stalemate ;)10/10 for real ww1 horror and frustration"
,Recommended,242860,25104181,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,(QC) Mickxal Youtube,ULTIMATE REVIEW !Verdun should be called Teammate Shooting Simulator 2016*Spawn**Runs towards enemy trench**Gets almost killed**Prones to hide from enemy fire**Peaks over a hill to shoot**Gets insta headshotted**Respawns**Repeat*10/10 Would get headshotted again
76561198118862305,Recommended,242860,25140665,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,comrade bearmancan,PTSD simulator10/10
,Recommended,242860,25154161,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Black Knight,"Its great game, I love how it takes place during world war 1, and it's very fun"
,Recommended,242860,25156196,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,tstar,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,242860,25167649,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,bubble boy,It's an awesome WW1 shooter that really puts it into perspective as to the conditions and enviornment during that time. Plus its not $130
,Recommended,242860,25132447,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Your #1 Benchwarmer,"The gameplay's solid, and considering I play on a laptop, I was easily getting 30 fps, which was surprising considering the graphics. As well, gameplay is unforgiving. If you have a guy in your sights and you hestitate, 9 out of 10 times you wind up dead. Trench warfare in this is hectic as well, and you can easily lock down a section of the trench with one guy armed with a pistol. It's that ridiculous.EDIT: Issue resolved, game works again."
76561198078878126,Recommended,242860,25554895,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,BarneX,Great game.
,Recommended,242860,25553521,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,[PBS] Chad Thundertail,Funny game - but depends too much on the people you play with
76561198002914302,Recommended,242860,25521731,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Grumm,"A very fun game particualry if you enjoy the WWI era that is severely underrepresented in videogames.  It isn't neccessarily for everyone and is very unforgiving to people that like to play as COD super soldiers.  This will scratch the WWI itch that Battlefield 1 started for some players, though the focus is on the very horrific battles found within trench warfare rather than the macro super fast past free for alls found in Battlefeld 1.  There are a few bugs here and there but nothing truely game breaking.  Its limitations are more in the realm of the capabilites of the weapons.  WWI still had one foot in the 19th century after all. However, if you enjoy team games that are successful when everyone does their assigned detail, you will enjoy this a great deal.  Most players tend to be very helpful and happy to assist you in learning the game.  This is truely a great game to pick up."
,Recommended,242860,25506702,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ThoT Police,"I run out of trench - DeadI run out of crater - DeadI run - deadI spawn - deadmy nco yells at me - diePistol kills me with just one shotMachine guns will give you shell shockBarbwire is a magnet of deathAttack! - Dead X10Finally make it across no mans land, end up in the red zone with the trench passes blocked with barbed wire all around - dieYellow gas - can't move, call in arty, kill 3 dudesAfterwards I come back home and play some Verdun"
76561198053174669,Recommended,242860,25492388,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,<PS> Queen of Lame,"For 7 days and nights we were under incessant bombardment. Day and night the shells, heavy and light ones came upon us, our dugouts crumbled. They fell upon us and we had to dig ourselves and our comrades out.Sometimes we found them suffocated, sometimes smashed to pulp. Seven days and seven nights. Soldiers in the trenches became hysterical. We wanted to run out and fights developed to keep them in the comparative safety of our trenches.Even the rats became hysterical. They came into our flimsy shelters to seek refuge from this terrific artillery fire. Seven days and seven nights we had nothing to eat, nothing to drink, but constantly fire, shell after shell burst upon us. And then the British Army went over the top.The very moment we felt that the British artillery fire was directed against the reserve positions, German machine gunners crawled out of the trench, reddened eyes, sunken eyes, dirty, full of blood from the blood of there fallen comrades and opened up terrific fire.The British Army had horrible loses.Two  minutes before the French attack was due the German batteries opened up and the fire was so tremendous that hardly any French soldiers went over the top. After a while the Germans sent patrols to find out what happened and there they found the French trenches deserted, except for the wounded and the dead. Full of dead.10/10 This Game gave me PTSD"
76561197982355417,Recommended,242860,25504902,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Mejin,"Im gonna make this review short: this game is great. BUT: It suffers from minor bugs throughout due to the game being made by a small dev team. That being said, the core game play is phenomenal. A great shooter, and especially a great WW1 shooter. If youre a WW1 guy, its a must play. 4.5/5."
76561198091228641,Recommended,242860,25503959,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,[NVN] ✪ Mtn. Cruz,"I give 9/10 great game and weapons are done right but the spawns need fixed. I have died 4 times in a row, mortar than gas and than rifle and finally i got mowed down when i spawned in. Needs improvements deffinently but its a great time and the feel of the rifles are very good."
76561198151452762,Recommended,242860,25550455,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,CannonFodderKiwi,"Great FPS that is replayable time and time again. Not good if you are just and run and gun player as machineguns are very limited and most of the play is done with a bolt action, but for me this makes it more fun.Worth getting!"
,Recommended,242860,25550958,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Proongal,Pretty good
,Recommended,242860,25600477,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Clowny ♂,"True WW1 game, fun when played with friends."
76561198262932685,Recommended,242860,25445810,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Battleyn,i found it very hard to find games that were even half full but other wise great game very team based
76561198181709754,Recommended,242860,25457590,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,MasterGunner,such a fun and super realistic WW1 simulator I highly recommend this game for some great fun or just to blow off some steam.
76561198160316204,Recommended,242860,25452594,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,elisacri,"i really like the game only problem is lag[sometimes], other then that its a great game and i am definitly getting it for the ps4"
,Recommended,242860,25453190,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,didas,"I found a few things to be a bit quirky, but otherwise Verdun is actually a very fun game. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,25065750,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,x_CITIZENPAIN_x,Would go calling on the kaiser again/10
,Recommended,242860,26299951,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,OKK,At first you may be a bit frustrated withgetting shot. But remember that WW1 killed a crapload of people. deal with it.After that you get some better weapons. and you kill a lot of people.The game is HARD. simply because it is trench warfare.If you hit 50/50 K/D ratio you are doing very well.
76561198046026550,Recommended,242860,26300095,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,justinfinley82,"Great game, but here is a warning. 1% of the time, you will be killed by someone better than you. The other 99% will just be some Freakin' Bullcrap."
76561198119312581,Recommended,242860,26292997,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Super Hans,"Pretty good gaphics, nice maps, fun gun play. Very hard to start off with. Don't play it like it's battlefield or call of duty because you'll just die alot and quit.One of the best FPS's on the market. A bit of a hidden gem."
,Recommended,242860,26301861,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Poopdik,I've never wanted to cut ym foot off in literal and metaphoric way. Perfect simulation 11/10 would die for the Kaiser again
,Recommended,242860,26294273,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,GoDskillzz,Best ww1 ever made.
,Recommended,242860,26270273,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Canodros,Great game for those looking for a more authentic WW1 experience
76561198062074001,Recommended,242860,26277249,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Wastey,No one plays this game any more. This makes me sad loved this game.
76561197974473119,Recommended,242860,26307720,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Marvin the ARVN,>be MG gunner>Charge across no mans land and somehow make it>beat a Frenchie to death with the butt of my rifle>hide Under the bodies of him and his comrades>get destroyed by massive artillery bombardment1918/1914 would hide under the corpses of my friends again
,Recommended,242860,26309502,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Captain23rd,"Fun check, Mountains of dead Bodies Check, Fear of sheling check, Gas mask + deadly toxic fumes Check, Actual feel to world war 1 check, Alot of countries to choose from plus weapons check, but the only thing that is missing is lack of players probably due to battlefeild 1."
,Recommended,242860,16634219,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Munky,"gas masks make me very claustrophobic, great game do recommend.. team marky mark and the funky bunch for life"
,Recommended,242860,26311786,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Skundra4,Great game
76561197999937701,Recommended,242860,26308106,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Maestroshake,"Verdun puts you in the muddy, trenchfoot-ridden boots of a frontline soldier in the War to End All Wars.Those of us who have been around since its first release have suffered through many a glitchy build, however the current product will undoubtedly appease most of you salty Verdun vets.Verdun offers an expansive and adaptable array of different historical squad types; (Sturmtruppen, Marines, Tommies, Alpenjagers, etc) all with different weapons, equipement, and tactics. It offers the player and his chosen squad a multitude of ways to shoot, stab, bludgeon, and burn his way through the hardened enemy force.a fairly innovative skill-chain for every class, xp based ability buffs, well organized squad mechanics, and well fleshed-out maps provide a driving and exciting player experience as you level up and upgrade your favorite classes with bayonets, extra grenades, scopes, or new weapons.The game is multiplayer only, with no AI to be found, so the only major drawback is the occasional lack of players on the server at any given time, along with the rare rampant glitch. However with enough population, you can watch the battlefield come alive with the groans of the dead and dying, the clash of artillery, and the crack of your rifles.9/10.  Inb4 Battlefield 1."
76561198193786646,Recommended,242860,26305471,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Guardsman Halo,"Its a great game, the community is helpful and the mechanics are extremely fun to work with. There are plenty of teams, weapons, and tatics for you to satisfy and need of those."
76561198019536076,Not Recommended,242860,25833581,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,please santa drill my ass,"My previous review was a thumbs up. Now, I have changed it to a thumbs down. For a WW1 game, it's okay, but for an overall perspective, it lacks. The graphics are want ruins most of it for me. I can' see an enemey who is 20 feet away from me, while someone else can shoot me with a sniper rifle 100 meters away, while I can't see them. The lagging and getting kicked from servers is the most irritating thing I can get out of a game I payed 25 dollars for. If I were to join a match, I would 50/50 get kicked from it, while the game says firewall is blocking me from joining (yet I have it turned off, I am 100% sure), and if that doesn't happen, my game will lag for basically the whole game. Now before you ""you just have a crappy computer"", Verdun was working like a beauty for the first two hours, then after that it was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ experience. I have 16 hours on this game, half of the time I was either idle or being kicked from servers, while the rest were just horrible experiences. Now I'm a sucker for WW1 and WW2 games, and overall, Verdun doesn't fit in for a WW1 game. This may be my opinion, but I wouldn't recommend Verdun for those who hate things like this happening to you."
,Recommended,242860,26305728,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,swaggytoast,Can't compare to BF1 only because they are set in the same war.
76561198097995254,Recommended,242860,13085842,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Zobotheclown333,This game is really fun especially if you have a friend in your squad I've always thought a first person game set in WWI would be cool and finally someone made one and it is worth it.
76561197985374789,Recommended,242860,12989271,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ratmilk,"Bayoneted three of the Bosch in a row while taking a trenchline. The Girlfriend, who had been fixated on the whole spectacle up to this point, left the room horrified and disturbed. 10/10"
76561198028246009,Recommended,242860,13076627,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,lobzter,Awesome game! Good linux support! Version after version we have features that put us even more on the trenchs!
76561198000993760,Recommended,242860,13078517,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Vengeance,Recommended !
,Recommended,242860,13210275,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Maschinengewehr Kelly,At current state the gameplay is garbage... Each Player has a level from 1 to 100... Verdun allows unbalance teams in numbers AND levels... I have played on 3 different servers where one team has double the players and all of the ranked 50 and higher but one 30ish person... I love the game other than that. The graphics are beautiful and realistic besides lag at times with hitboxes... I know that Verdun uses Photon networking and if its PUN im sure that's their lag issue right there.Once they have made teams forced balanced in both numbers and ranks or have ranked servers this game will be my favorite
76561198101172650,Recommended,242860,13216264,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Crusty Willie,Great game! it just keeps getting better. The only thing that I do not like is that you can only custimize your classes in game. I wish that could also be done at the menu.
,Recommended,242860,13196983,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,larry the foreskin lobster,"honestly this game was really confusing when i first started playing as i am stubborn and didnt read any guides. despite of this, it only took me 30 minutes or so to fully understand the game.prosbig, nice looking mapsmovement/objectives is nicegraphics can be outstanding if you are able to run themeasy to level up classesconsaiming is wierd, bullets seem to have a mind of their own.not enough guns!!!odd melee animation with bayonet, it's cringe worthycharacters scream alot8/10 while still in development, can't wait to see final product"
,Recommended,242860,13200406,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,TFielding,"Not the best WWI FPS, but the best one that's still active. It is less realistic than others, with it's really weird squads and weapon variety. Also, artillery fire isn't very good (I was hoping for the WWI Source type shellfire that drove you into cover, but the artillery fire more just happens and leaves). Also, no voice chat yet."
76561198165180284,Recommended,242860,13206711,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,chrisbass999,"Great game, still has a few bugs to be worked out as it is in beta. However, if you enjoy FPS games Verdun will not dissapoint!"
76561198004155852,Recommended,242860,13206814,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,.PeachyPeachez,"Great atmosphere, great tactical gameplay, great teamwork. Probably the only early access game with the greatest potential heading into 2015."
,Recommended,242860,12934338,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Demon,Very realistic gamesBased on WWR1 but somehow its so lag since its NA serverIts open on EU and AUS server but still alg and no one play in that server ==Maybe after launched and open SEA server this game have a great potential xD
,Recommended,242860,12935995,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Raptor-Man,"An actual WWI game? That's actually pretty good? Impossible! No one even knows WWI existed!Anyways, once you get past the kill lag (which, btw, means melee doesn't really work anymore), it's actually a pretty smooth ride. Well, aside from the fact new patch meant you couldn't get a machine gun as a machine gunner (though you did get free maple syrup in the form of a canuck faction eh), which is completely dumb.The gameplay is pretty cohesive, the simple playing field limitation mechanic means the gameplay is actually stuck on a trenchline and not a chaotic mess like most FPS games, which is brutally simple but ruthlessly effective. And as of now, the gamer community is quite friendly, (if often cold and quiet), so no trollering around like on CoD or whatnot. Besides, it's the 1900s, you wore your monocle and drank your tea, good sir, even if that jerry is putting 500 pieces of lead a minute into your squishy, disease-ridden body. You have to keep your stiff upper lip you know."
,Recommended,242860,13189692,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,The Local Bard,"This game is the first FPS game that I have had fun with to an senario level.  Some games require just to shoot and stab and ""clutch or kick"" situations.  This game however you can rely on your squad and help throughout the entire battle.  Deathmatch is also fun but Frontlines is the gamemode that dominates the game's focus.  You can also upgrade the soldiers to use more and better weapons.  This game is all out amazing.  It has a great base and for a early access game it is a full game minus model glitches.  I'd give it a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,13186653,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,KMS,"So yea, Its in beta, but that dosen't mean its not fun. The game is something all fans of historic wars have been waiting for. So far, they've done a great job fixing the larger bugs and making the game faster and fun for all players. I highly recommend this game to those who enjoy sniper realism and beyond."
,Recommended,242860,13232199,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,SanDiegoNorman,The graphics are spectacular. There is no kill cam and the barbed wire and desertion modes are annoying but the game is habit forming and electric. Great job !!!
76561198081775314,Recommended,242860,13232422,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Sherwyn,"An amazing game , I reconmend anyone who want's to play a War game or an FPS.Would love if they put in controller support though."
,Not Recommended,242860,13233143,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Teenage Dirtbag Baby,"If you live in Australia I would strongly suggest not buying this game. There are no AUS servers...ever, meaning you need to connect to the US server side which is laggy as hell. The game is interesting but deffently made for American audiences as it seems to be unplayable in AUS."
,Recommended,242860,13233415,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Attacotti,"Great beta. Some bugs for sure, severs going down, lag and glitches. Overall very playable.This game recreates what WW1 combat must have been like. Running though No Man's Land you will get killed, a lot, and for the most part you will never see the person that shot you. Contesting trenchs is by far the best best part of the game, IMO. It becomes a confusing jumble of shots and explosions and you're never quite sure where the enemy is. Gas only adds to the atmosphere.The game needs more polish for sure, better effects, sounds, dirty uniforms, ect. For now though there still is plenty of fun to be had!"
,Recommended,242860,13235386,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Jake from State Farm,The way to play this game.....Turn off all lightsHeadphones in (Bass turned to max if possible)Press F9Develop Shell ShockQuit jobDig trench in backyardLive in it for a monthDie from wound infection10/10 would play again
76561198050727619,Recommended,242860,13220740,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Violenza Domestica,"This is my first review, and I only picked up the game this morning, about 2 hours ago. And in those 2 hours of gameplay, I can honestly say that this is a fantastic game, with a great learning curve, lots of tactics and intense battles. Trench Warfare itself in a game is refreshing, and from what the Devs have done so far, I think the game will just continue to get better, there are tiny inconveniences, as to be expected, but nothing that stops you from enjoying it.Some things like a supressions system from RS/RO would be great to see in Verdun, and maybe some more blood/gore, just to show how bad the trenches really got. Overall, excellent. 8/10Edit: not even 2 hours gameplay and I'm in love. Screams quality to me."
,Recommended,242860,15473636,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Sades,"It's very rare that we see an in the trenches WW1 game. When I first heard of this game, I had a very difficult time believing the mechanics could work nicely in a cohesive game without feeling like a constant game of running and dying immediately.I think this is a great game, the balance is not quite perfect yet but it's still a good purchase for those that want an interesting take on FPS but still want it in a world war. The tug of war mechanics of taking the trenches can cause some tense moments, especially when you dodged through cover and then close in and kill the enemy team. At a higher level of play, the game very much becomes a game of cat and mouse as you dodge through cover and then close in, and it works surprisingly well as you plan your movements. The shooting mechanics are solid, the guns feel nice to shoot as the mechanics sit somewhere between Red Orchestra 2 and a more arcade shooter but as the devs have developed it it has moved closer to Red Orchestra but with a lack of some of the mechanics in RO2.I wouldn't recommend this to all people, but I'd recommend it to those that enjoyed games such as Red Orchestra 2 and other non-arcadey non-modern shooters. Definitely worth checking out, I personally wanted to support this as I think its an interesting step in the genre and I think you should as well.As a summary of my thoughtsPros- Solid shooting mechanics- Solid devs- Interesting take on the genre- Lots of classes and loadouts that provide varietyCons- Still quite buggy, mostly graphical bugs (Note: This at the time of the update just before the release, so they may fix these at release)- Unreliable player models, it's very hard to tell if you're being shot or what the enemy is doing as there appears to be a very large delay for when the server registers it and the animation plays- Some animations and hitboxes are not quite right. The grenade animation doesn't match up with the projectile thrown so it's hard to tell the distance and power behind the throw.- The design of the servers are non-mod friendly as it currently runs off of a megaserver that hosts multiple matches- The player base is not very large relative to many other games (at least on the Australian servers) and with lower amounts of people, it can often result in boring sniping matches with no attacking. Play this during peak hours if you can.- The voice acting and sound design are inconsistent in quality sometimes,Most of these cons are nitpicking, especially the fact that this is not a AAA release and these will most likely be ironed out in time. If you're not desperate for a game like this, or you're not that interested in supporting it, I'd recommend giving it six months for the devs to sort out some of the issues, but I'd also appreciate any people helping to keep the player base going and supporting the game."
76561198039844727,Recommended,242860,15567927,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,james94,"Great game, needs a larger player base though."
,Recommended,242860,15568849,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,pcgeek200,i love this game great fun but do wish the graphics were better but for £10 its a steal!!!!
,Recommended,242860,15569454,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,pintomatthew15,"LOVE THIS GAME, granted i was in charge of soviet forces during ww2 i still love to revist The Great War"
76561197960792993,Recommended,242860,15570533,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,JMilne,ww1
76561197977148908,Recommended,242860,15570599,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Capt Char,Captures the look and feel of WW1 like no other.  Lots of frustrating fun!
,Recommended,242860,15570653,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,FILTHY GOY,GREAT GAME. GREAT COMMUNITY. GREAT MODS AND DEVELOPERS.
,Not Recommended,242860,13991086,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Head Squid,"if COD 2 and Red Orchestra 2 banged and had a child, this game would be it.update: they ruined this game when it was absolutely perfect,. the suppresion totally ruins the game play, the new graphics model/ engine they introduced looks ugly as all hell. Devs get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and revert this game to its former glory, what a ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace this has become."
76561198122387563,Recommended,242860,15277244,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,pawelzaborek,"You spawn in the middle of a rough, dirt-covered trench, with the sound of distant artillery and shots.The whistle blows and you climb over the top and charge for your life at the direction of the machine gun's rattle; through puddles, barbed wire and your dead friends.You jump in a shell hole a few metres from the enemy trench, you are so close that you can hear their voices so you pop your head out to see.You are quickly reminded to get down by sand and rocks that have splashed in your face from the bullet that hit the earth just in front of your nose.You get a grenade and chuck it over, then you wait... and jump over as soon as the scream of the dying enemy reaches your ears.You suddenly feel very lonely as you realise that you are the only one that has managed to make it this far, and out of nowhere a gas shell explodes and you rush to get your gas mask.Through the mist you find that there is an enemy right in front of you, ready to pull the trigger of his long rifle.You stab through his throat with your bayonet and carry on.As you pass the corner you hear a bullet going into your chest as you look into the eyes of another enemy soldier.You soon respawn and do the same again, and again, and again.Most thrilling shooter ever."
,Recommended,242860,15147443,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Dark lord of the rednecks,"This is like Red Orchestra 2 all over again. Except with gas, trenchs, and no flamethrowers. Actually thisis quite the improvement."
76561198007198015,Recommended,242860,15199714,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[CRP] Jobedylan,This game is very fun because in the trench when we defend you hear gun shots and artillery and you don't know where that comes from so great 10/10
76561197981605093,Recommended,242860,15261757,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,J.R,Great game! love the squad based aspect of this game
76561198033097371,Recommended,242860,15263406,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,blk187,"Really good fun, it's hard as well which is good as it provides a challenge.  Definitely worth playing if you like first person shooters that aren't arcade like"
76561198141030950,Recommended,242860,15128789,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,chris.sofie,"This is a Great game. I am a WW1 buff and this game exceeded my expetations in detail and historical accuracy. It is about time A good WW1 game came out, and Verdun is it! back and forth fighting just as trench warfare was, the details of the trenches ex. ( the entente like France did not keep their trenches up to par as the Central powers ex. Germanies trenches) in certain maps I find myself playing as the Poilus and really wanting to take atleast the german front line because their trenches are much more built up. the state of trenches does not affect the gameplay like kill ratio but I try to think like a foot soldier of the Entente would think like back then.  I play this game on a Toshiba satellite c55 serie, and a another more built up desktop computer and even on the toshiba which has a 2ghz processor seems to run well most of the time, there are temporary lags at times, and the game has crashed only once but it runs rather well, and meets and exceeds my expectations on the desktop, detail and proformance wise. I would definately recomend this game to anyone who likes a good fun multiplayer shooter and is interested in WW1 history which is shown in Amazing detail in Verdun."
76561198063651994,Recommended,242860,15129284,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[RPPK] Mr_Disco,"Good game, buy, buy, buy."
76561198046618476,Recommended,242860,15297414,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Kush Bandicoot,"This game is alot of fun and at the same time very frustrating, but in a fun challenging way. It takes some skill to play, but in the end it comes down to teamwork. My only con is the lack of maps and features that should be in the game and should be more polished. The release is set for the end of april, and it still feels like a half done game. With that being said i still reccomend this game to anyone"
76561198007797615,Not Recommended,242860,15296331,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,kieranjam2,"Solid foundation with a set of unique mechanics which give it huge potential.However, this game suffers from a lack of players in matches; most multiplayer games are only half full. Takes away from the sense of ""going over the top"" and turns most matches into slow paced marksmanship tests, even while attacking.I would advise waiting until this game has a larger playerbase before purchasing it."
,Recommended,242860,15299708,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,o2 Phoenix,"Great, real WW1 tactics. While still a EAG, it's a real good game!"
76561198073566280,Recommended,242860,15301203,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Saint Stephen The Unholy,Great game love playing and is awesome for a beta game. one thing i would like to suggest is makeing the chat stand out a bit more and killcams if you could. but other then that im ecxited for the future o the game and its loads of fun to play with freinds. thanks for a fun game :)
76561198067220383,Recommended,242860,15303923,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Drisks,Very fun worth getting
76561198013755834,Recommended,242860,15306368,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,vNiNjAzZ,"Great game. One of, if not the best WW1 shooter out there.It is always being updated in graphics, performance and gameplay.Get this game!"
,Recommended,242860,13277664,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Magic Frog God,"I'm glad i bought it.The game has great potential, the battles are intenese and the 1st World War scenario is working fine so far(which tbh i didn't expect).But you can clearly tell the game is still in the Beta. The bugs are everywhere ^^yet i recommend it."
76561198081916730,Recommended,242860,13254786,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Beth,"This is a great game but it is glitchy. I got a lot of dark screens with only my gun and I colored normally, but this only happened on certain deaths. But other than that it's a really good game, I really enjoy games that have some history (specifacally the world wars) so yeah."
76561198060195344,Recommended,242860,13539947,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ΣΤ | Yungjud,Great atmosphere
76561197970797029,Recommended,242860,13319169,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,EvilTone,"great game, great dev.mud taste better than arma 3"
,Recommended,242860,13324039,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ubernuton,"a brillaint game that is consistantly being improved, a welcome change from the crap that is most modern shooters"
,Recommended,242860,13325641,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,k. tabone,"This game is bloody incredible, makes me really hope for some more WW1 and 2 Games."
76561198004653293,Recommended,242860,15673164,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,shulaev,"Awesome awesome game , you cant rambo this , team work a must !!!!"
76561198016864421,Recommended,242860,15674940,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MadArab*,AWESOME GRAPHICS!!!
,Not Recommended,242860,15657065,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Khan Zhao,"Will keep it short:Pros:- Think it's only game fully based WW 1, therefore it's unique about that.- Interesting musics from the era.- Trench Warfare appereantly.- Command chain (if you use it properly ofc)- Historical WeaponsCons:- Very unpleasant game engine and poor graphics (even at the highest options)- Poor physics and weapon use for a FPS game.- You can't use cannons or mortars personally, you can only call for artillery support (if you're the squad captain)- Static environment (weather and outside the battlefield)- No usable vehicles.- Very low environmental effects (smokes, fogs, rains and even sound effects)- Generally sound effects are very poor aswell.--- I personally don't recommend this game, if you have expectations above avarage. Think you can only compare this one with Battlefield 1942 so far ---"
76561198043124641,Recommended,242860,15675329,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Nathiola,"love this game,i look out of the trenches, there is no one there...                  gets sniped 10/10but seriously this game is amazing, it teaches you to fear enamies as almost anything is a one shot kill, no pay to win, no running out in the open and killing everyone, no microtransactions and no little kids screaming down the micbut most importantly, everyone plays well and tactically and this captures fighting in the trenches well and accuratelythis is the game ive been long awaitingso basically, BUY THIS GAME"
76561198058683954,Not Recommended,242860,15675345,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,macabre12345,"this game is garbage, no single player to get a feel or handle of the game. You are thrown into multiplayer with people who have nothing better to do than play this game and have all the weapons avalible. you'll loose constantly. There is no weapons selection. The game lags, with highspeed internet. Theres no shot registration, knowing if you hit but that dosent matter because an 8mm rifle to the chest dosent stop someone. You get a luger or a bolt action rifle holding three rounds with no reloading.   this is a frustratingly stupid game."
,Recommended,242860,15675688,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,K Hole,"Good game, not completely historically accurate but it really does make a good World War 1 fps. I think they should improve the Trench systems and maps, also make some different gamemodes but other than that its well worth the money."
76561197993697352,Recommended,242860,15675690,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,lamburgs,Very entertaining!
76561198013648263,Not Recommended,242860,15676040,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Atilla,FIrst Impression about the game was why did I buy this game. I feel like i'm playing Call of Duty 2 with less immersion. Just boring..
76561197988672924,Recommended,242860,15676553,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,HotLegs,Fun game. Needs some more content and a bit of balancing.
,Recommended,242860,15676687,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ando,"The devs have really delivered here. It's not often that we see an early access game see release. Great game, and I strongly suggest anyone interested in an out of the ordinary FPS experience to buy this."
,Recommended,242860,15676805,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Call=Me=John= gocase.pro,Run 20 feet then prone check!Run 30 feet then into trench check!Run East check!Then prone again check!Creep above hill to get head blown off double check!!!
76561198031482634,Recommended,242860,15678333,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Dragocloso,REALLY GOOD GAME THAT SHOWS HOW WW1 WAS FOUGHT
76561198121093634,Recommended,242860,15679170,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,gicobra115,I played this in early access and loved it then when graphics were crap.....still love it now
76561198106034672,Recommended,242860,15679634,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Minato Can't Aim,Very good game... Hard to get used to but overall it is a very great game! Don't Second Guess This Is Worth It!
76561197995961551,Recommended,242860,30505114,Posted: 14 March,all,DeMetz,Verdun has come along in leaps and bounds. It's authentic and has beautiful visuals. The maps are glorious.Each 4 man section chooses which Great War army they want to represent and then you work towards building that sections combined experience for later war uniforms.Just waiting on Aussies and Kiwis and we'll be set.Well done team!
,Recommended,242860,15688867,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,tallerthanstalin,"I've been really damn pleased with Verdun. It's definitely a less polished game than a lot of it's competitors, with a comparably smaller team and a tight budget, but the developers have REALLY stepped up to the plate throughout Early Access with constant updates as they try to screw in as many fixes, changes and additions as they can. With a robust free DLC schedule, more extra content promised (hopefully even more of it free) and a huge war full of potential additions, I can say with certainty that this game will only continue to get better, and in the time I've owned it (since November of 2014) I've seen immense changes: the game looks better, runs smoother, has better mechanics, better balancing and oodles of interesting hardware and period-technology that has never been fully explored by other games.I'll try and keep this review helpful without getting TLDR.The Bad:- Unity engine is goofy as ♥♥♥♥ and can make moving around cumbersome. I overlook it because it kinda works with the somewhat plodding gameplay, but it could do to be smoother. That said, this game is more about cooperating firing lines and suppression than about full on twitch combat (though that's trench fighting) so it's not terribly obstructive.- The netcode could get better with wireless cards. I get consistently 85-100 ping but don't have an issue, but when players start hitting 125+ ping they's a bit of teleporting.- There's still some wackiness to bullet-impact registry on players. It's a known problem and has improved in the brief time I've owned the game, so I hold out hope.- Not many options for squad support, no medics or engineers or such, which limits the broadness of teamplay. However, the existing classes all play extremely distinctly and require cooperation with one another to succeed. A bit of a missed opportunity in my mind, but I don't really mind in the larger scope of it.- No training mode or gameplay tutorial: makes for a relatively steep learning curve. Took me a few hours to get the swing of things. My knowledge of WW1 definitely contributed to learning how exactly to play.- Not a lot of game modes. I would love to see a conquest-style non-linear game mode of some sort, but the devs say more game modes are coming!- High level players are rare but show up with buffed squads that have redic stats and loads of player experience in themselves. Can terminator a game, but I think it's mostly skill and isn't always a problem. 100 rank players are surprisingly common, but that's probably the smallish community.- Matchmaking is really more of a randomizer, doesn't really match with skill or rank in my experience, but I'm a masochist and don't care: some people might hate it.- The score system SHOULD reward how far people get into trenches / near trenches / provide suppression but at this moment it doesn't. Effectiveness is generally shown on the score but it's a bit too dependent on successful captures and kills. Holding out a trench with two other people for four minutes only to lose it because your team isn't towing the line should make you heroes on the score board, but right now it won't count unless you end up taking it.- Can't turn off auto-reload. SERIOUSLY I HATE THAT.- The Chautchat. It's a busted proto-BAR with goofy accuracy that wants me to die when the auto-reload initiates while stuck with the bipod up.The Good:- The base game mode is the only fun ""authentic"" WW1 style battle I've ever seen. Taking turns attacking trenches and defending with a great counter-attack mechanic that can make whole games wrestle back and forth over one line. Sounds tedious but in reality is really intense, tactical and exciting.- Surprisingly balanced weapons! The more powerful guns often have restricting sights or limited ammo, while ""weaker"" guns (See the Chauchat or Luger) have differing handling, high visibility sights or more stored ammo. Works surprisingly well for their system.- Best bipod system I've seen in a game yet, especially considering it was hellaciously aggravating at first. Still could use some improvement (I ♥♥♥♥ing HATE the giant arrow that obstructs my view when I crawl around, seriously it's so big why do that) but it's easy to see a useful spot and set up there with no issues. You can even shift around after deployment with WASD, why more games don't do that I have no idea.- Lots of cool weapons that have never been explored from the very dawn of modern weapons. 3 round french rifles with designs from the 1890s, hammerless automatic pistols, ""cutting edge"" automatic rifles, factory-manutfactured grenades, mortars and ""light"" machine guns and all kinds of arms that brought on a type of firepower that changed the world and are extremely distinct in Verdun's gameplay. Gun nuts and historians will♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks.- A fun and flexible class / squad upgrade system that provides awesome benefits and neat little upgrades to your avatar's stats. Start a squad and play with friends, it's awesome to have a whole leveling system you share with your homies.- Pretty effective suppression system, but could use some expansion. Bullets have to land really close for the visual screen shake, doesn't seem to affect you when they merely pass by your avatar, and the supersonic ""CRACK"" of a bullet whizzing by should be louder. That said, what they have right now works great for the type of accessibility they're going for and I'd be content if it stayed this way.- LOOK AT THEIR DLC ROADMAP. Lots and lots and lots of stuff on its way. If you buy Verdun, you're getting lots of content by developers who, though they seem a bit overworked right now, are dedicated to supporting their project and community. I'm a sucker for buying games from developers that I like on that merit alone, but I like these devs AND Verdun kicks♥♥♥♥♥ I got my fingers crossed for Russian front and Russian Civil War DLC, but that's just me.- A lot of maps that, though they seem kinda samey in the trench department, actually necessitate very different play styles. You'll have to learn each map, but once you do you won't be able to completely recycle your strategies in completion.- An awesome style of gameplay that is more about over-arching fields of fire from secure positions than it is about twitch skills on specific lanes. Imagine Red Orchestra with slightly more linear map design, but that works to its' advantage.- The Chauchat. It's a busted proto BAR with super open sights, easy visibility and the ability to hip fire. A mobile defender's delight and surprisingly useful while on the hop.IN CONCLUSIONIf you like historical shooters with great balancing, an interesting setting and intense attack/defend gameplay then Verdun is your pick. RO fans looking for something fresh, ARMA players seeking something more casual, and CoD players that want to take a goddamn chill pill for once are all people that might find a lot to like out of Verdun. There's a lot of 1-2 hour negative reviews on here, and I wasn't really sold until about 2 hours in when I learned how to behave. The learning curve is steep but not inaccessible, but I suspect the devs will find a way to grade that out a bit more in the coming months."
,Recommended,242860,15690772,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Herbiie,"The tension in this game, caused a combination of factors, is absolutely fantastic. The bolt action rifles mean that every shot counts, if you miss you could open yourself to a return shot. The tight, twisting trenches are sufficiently wide to allow you to take cover (and the realistic zig zag style of the trenches also means that you can hide around corners) but are still tight enough so that you don't know what is about to happen. At any time someone could just step into your trench and initiate a quick fight either by firearms or by trying to club each other to death.The variety in each match is outstanding. You could spend five minutes sniping across no man's land at your enemy, then a gas attack will come down and you'll push forward, dodging from crater to crater and firing towards the enemy who are just visible as they try to shoot you. Then you'll be in the trench (hopefully) and it'll switch again to an intense close quarters affair.The game mode also adds to the variety, as you constantly switch from attacking to defending it never gets boring.Absolutely brilliant game, would recommend for anyone who likes shooters."
,Recommended,242860,15691150,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Arthur_Walrus,"ATTENTION! If you are accustomed to Call of Duty, this is not the game for you.Verdun is one of the funnest games I have ever played. It is an MMO FPS and it is fantastic.  It has two modes- Rifle Deathmatch, which is just free for all, and Frontline mode.  The squad based action is so on point and everyone is so cooperative, and it makes the game 1000 times better.  However, it is a bit slow. This game does take its time.  Again, it is not like Call of Duty, where you can just run forward and take a trench.  You have to plan with your squad.  This game is amazing and I strongly suggest you get it."
76561198077474983,Recommended,242860,15691572,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,sam_oxlade247,"I was prone, watching, waiting, for the enemy. Scoping out the opposite trench waiting for that sniper to pop his head out for a glimps of his targets. I take out two targets that venture out into no mans land still waiting for that sniper to appear. I decide to relocate. There was some long grass 50ft to my right which would be perfect. i check the opposite trench one last time to ensure i could move without being spotted. i then crouch and turn to my right. It was at this point i realised. I was no longer the hunter. The sniper i had been waiting for had me in his scopes. 100 yards away staring me dead in the face. I froze. There was a moment of time that seemed to last for a lifetime where we both just stared at eachother. I then saw the flash of his gun. i fell, my face in the dirt that was the end, Of that life i respawned found him and shot him with a smug face. Made me think of the film ""Enemy at the Gates."" Fantastic Game. Would recommend to anybody interested in trench warefare."
76561198043272435,Recommended,242860,15692021,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,MattyBlue99,Best WW1 game!
,Recommended,242860,15570958,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Goldfish Lobotomy,Gas + Mortar = Entente Loss... Always10/10
,Recommended,242860,15571654,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,TacoPaco,So. The original Battle of Verdun ended in a stalemate. And usually every match here ends in a stalemate. I'd say It's the best Verdun simulator we're ever gonna get.
76561198080803749,Recommended,242860,15573230,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,König Hans,"Really fun game, love the thrill from charging the enemy ranks and artillery coming down around you."
,Recommended,242860,15574658,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,[INS].PaTTICUsS,So it's about time someone has done a WW1 FPS. Bolt action trench warfare gas attacks. played a few hours during the beta and loved every second of it
,Recommended,242860,15575649,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Proglotid,"Three devs last I checked. Soon to be two glorious years of clubbin', gunnin', runnin', gassin', diein' and bombin' through ole' No Man's Land Over There! Gotta love it. Is good. Buy."
76561198169914761,Recommended,242860,16139910,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Hammer-God,yes
76561197995982940,Recommended,242860,16142789,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BeardSoup,
76561198056119704,Recommended,242860,16146486,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Rec. Raptor |23rd HQ|,This game is great. It takes awhile to get the hang of it but it is a great shooter.
,Recommended,242860,16148320,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Gulgari,"This game is in my opinion a masterpiece.This game takes on the new perspective of WW1 games, and deeply integrates trench warfare. A variety of weapons are offered depending nation (team/squad type), and position within the squad all of which are realistic in appearance and true to it's historical factuality.The map layouts of the game represent life like battlefields of the day. Vast open fields with potholes of artilery impact, barbed wire stretched hastily, blown up tanks and vehicles, and most of all, trenches - and not the straight kind you'd think of in the movies (although some 'natural' trenches may be that way), actual life like man made trenches. Making gameplay a challenge since you never know what's going to be behind each corner, but you also want to get in to the trench as fast as you can so your head is not popping out.If you're the kind of gamer who has a great imagination and likes to dive into games as somewhat of a simulator to get a taste of the life like experience I would say this is by far as close as you're going to get to life like infantry trench warfare as it was fought in WW1.There is one thing, there are no vehicles in this games it's strictly infantry warfare. For some people this may be a problem, but for me I feel like it is the best way to keep the game fair and balanced. They already do a great job at this with positions and team types, and I believe by keeping it to infantry warfare makes the game that much more challenging, balanced, fair, and fun.Great job, guys!"
,Recommended,242860,16148952,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Novus,"Overall, I think the game is great."
,Not Recommended,242860,16150005,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,xReaperx,not worth paying for
76561198007281071,Recommended,242860,16435802,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mzungu,"The moment I knew I loved Verdun:I was running down a trench, trying to get to our right flank, as it was lightly defended. I ran, popped a few shots off downrange, ran, and fired again. Just slightly ahead of me a morter round landed right in the trench. A direct hit on an ally! He flew into the air, dead.Well, I'm not going that way anymore. So I turned around, wanting to get out of the way of the next couple of morters sure to hit. As I turned around, a grenade exploded, killing another friend!My heart pounding, I thought to myself... Oh my god, there is no where I can go that I won't die!Then it hit home... real people dealt with this. Obviously not just the Great War... and obviously I'm safely at home on the computer. But this was before gas was implemented into the game. The gas masks make you claustrophobic, and the heavy breathing just enhances the atmosphere. Walking through a gassed area is intense, creating very short range firefights in the trenches.I'm not usually a fan of shooters, especially first person. But in this game, when advancing, every yard gained, every shell hole taken, and every ally next to you in an enemy trench feels like a victory."
,Recommended,242860,16437523,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Awesomepossum,"10/10 I absolutely love this game. when you first start it'll be very difficult, but the longer you play the better you get and the more fun you have. the only downside is the fact that the frame rate isn't the best in the world but is easy to overlook by the fact that the game is outstanding."
,Recommended,242860,16439108,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Deus Vult,"In my first game I was sniped, gassed and bled to death by barbed wire. 5 games later I was charging into the enemy trench on a 6 killstreak at the begining of the game. Reccomend this game to whoever likes to die a lot or annoy the hell out of everyone."
76561198162689843,Recommended,242860,16440617,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,"Hi, I'm Josh","This game is what a first person shooter should be like. If you liked insurgency then you need this game. The atmosphere and pure tension of this game is incredible. What seperates this apart from other shooters is the highly strategic element of trench warfare. I'm surprised there arent many other games like this. You die in one shot from most guns, which really helps to keep the players using cover and strategy to win. And not another call of duty run everywhere, get shot 15 times in the chest and be totally fine, unrealistic bullcrap. if you dont believe me just try and pull off a 360 no scope in the middle of no mans land. i garuntee you wont last a second :)"
,Recommended,242860,14451738,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ron Paul2012,Great game Really Realistic
,Recommended,242860,14652154,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Technope,"pros: very fun, great gameplay, good teamwork (although no voice chat?), cool soundtrack, being updated frequently and the devs haven't abandoned it yet, kill british people, amazing variation (4 different entente squads belonging to french, canadian, and british soldiers, along with 3 squads only belonging to germany for some reason)cons: as an early access game there's balancing issues, horrible optimization due to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unity engine to the point where im rolling at about 20-30 fps on high and 40-50 on low and i'm sure my system specs are more than enough, no voice chat, community is kind of annoying (history-obsessed nerds and memers), hard to find players to add them after matches, chat box is too small.8/10 for now but it is early access so you gotta expect some improvements by the devs, most likely in the future at least a 8.5/10"
76561198062801931,Recommended,242860,14656564,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mklatt59,If you like historically acurate games this is the one for you. I will play this over call of duty any day. Thank you makers of Verdun. Love this game cant get enough.
76561198130058092,Not Recommended,242860,14438761,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,KidCredible,"so far nothing but crashes and lag, running on windows 8 corei7"
76561198104368841,Recommended,242860,14641632,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,_Dewey,Great game but they should change the name to: death simulator 2015
,Recommended,242860,14319453,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,batosuaiNIEN,"Truely an awesome and awe-inspiring recreation of World War I trench combat. I've been hunting for years for a WWI FPS, and this has forfilled my expectations and more. From the class system, each squad is broken up into roughly NCO, Rifleman, Gunner, and Granadier, to the maps which perfectly simulate no-mans-land from the barbed wire, to the artillery craters, to the constand motar fire, it's so much fun to play through and to master. I would recommend this game to any FPS fan looking for a challenge, and for anybody interested in World War I history. The only gripe I have is glitches, but that's to be expected from an early release or beta game. Truly a wonderful experience. 9/10"
,Recommended,242860,12600782,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Max,Great Egg would Egg Again- IGN 10/1
76561197980010747,Recommended,242860,14490516,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kroxem,yes best ww1 squad based fps game
,Recommended,242860,14462132,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,inri,♥♥♥♥ing great. Anyone who likes FPS games should pick this up
76561198050324090,Recommended,242860,14468448,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Cotton,a good game so far :)
,Recommended,242860,13807289,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,byteau,"Re-wrote my reviewThis game is such a great game. it shows what you can do in Unity. Such an amazing community. Sure you have the average complaining player come in but they can be ignored.It would be nice to have a campaign wether it be co-op or singleplayer.Sometimes the mouse will bug out and you will need to re-launch the game, but that rarely happens.Last but not least, it has Linux support."
,Recommended,242860,14290091,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Keely,"Verdun is a lot of fun I will say. I actually enjoy the fact that it's the way it is. Others have found problems with many area's within the game. I know hat I am saying is very vague. In all seriousness I think it is a game worth trying. It has a lot of simalarites to Rising Sun. Which had a lot of mixed reviews. I am not going to say that this is ground breaking but looking for a mindless game that allows you to have that struggle no matter what your skill may be. Uhh yup thats my review, sorry you read this lol!"
76561197980709506,Recommended,242860,13853795,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,JaNjAk!,"Great FPS, only problem is most of players don't give half a f*ck abnout teamplay and don't follow their officer orders.but if you play with friends or atleast with good players this game is awesome, mix of batllefield and DoD"
,Recommended,242860,14630940,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,2+2=4-1 thats 3 quick MAFFS,awesome game would recommend ten out of ten
76561198141138038,Recommended,242860,14633663,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Wise Grandpappi,BEST
76561198117680988,Recommended,242860,14586442,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Pancho,"This is the game your great great grandaddy would play, buy it ♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198080117032,Recommended,242860,14604463,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SWORDARTONLINE,this game is awsome
76561197996820097,Recommended,242860,14605566,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,DankAssCanadian,"Overall very good, solid, stable and fun game. WW1 trench warfare at it's best. Fights can go back and forth for quite some time and it's hell going trough no mans land to reach the enemies trench. You're gonna get killed a lot running in no man's land. But hey, when it's the nemies turn, enjoy shooting them like they shot you before.Fast, action pack gameplay that's not to slow nor to fast. Can kind of compare it to a good match of red orchestra 2.Only things that I find iffy about the game is the bolting of the rifles and the reloading i find is a bit too fast, and the melee system is weird. I've never seen someone swing a rifle around that fast before, but hey, it's in beta. And for a beta, it's darn good.oh, and you get to play as the canadians fighting along side tommies (the brits) and the french. Really cool.10/10."
76561198058892676,Recommended,242860,14608733,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,VeRe,"Good WW1 game,run good on my pottato 11/10. whoud buy again."
76561198056415712,Recommended,242860,14579487,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,santaofdeath,"Where to begin?You will experience the First World War in all its mud and blood soaked glory.  You will be shredded by machine-gun fire from all angles, grenades will fall on your head, and expert marksmen will pick you off just as you go over the top.  If you don't enjoy dying, this probably isn't for you.Now, if you do enjoy a relatively realistic tactical shooter but also demand some classic rifles, then this is the game for you.  Gewehr 98, Enfield Mk. III, and Lebel 1888 rule the battlefield by delivering death across no man's land.  If you like getting stuck in, then your feldspaten and trench clubs are there to help you batter you enemy at close range.  A variety of classic pistols round out the weapon choices for rapid firepower in the close-quarters of the trenches.In terms of gameplay, Verdun uses a simple attak/defend model.  One team attacks while the other defends, and the roles switch.  It is so simple, yet so brilliant. It keep the game moving and the players busy.  The map sizes also make sure that the player does not have to walk a mile to the combat zone, but instead spawns in a jumping off trench or a reserve trench close to the action.The squad based team system, or rather section based since it is only four man teams, allows for specialization of roles ranging from support based Landser and Tommy squads to assault type Stosstruppen and Chasseurs Alpins.  Each squad role is different and they have different unlockable weapons, although all have a common rifle loadout.  Each squad has a different uniform, especially in the early game, so they are easy to tell apart at a distance.  The shako on Alpenjaeger, the feldmutze on the Stosstruppen, and the pickelhaube on the Landsers make it easy to identify which German team is attacking/supporting you.  Kepis and berets distinguish the Poilu from the Chasseur.  Of course, in the late game, everyone wheres a steel helmet so the distinction is not as easy.The uniforms for me are one of the best features of the game.  All players start the round in the bright and pretty 1914 uniforms, complete with decorative piping and for the French, bright red pants.  As the squad levels up by working together to take objectives and take down enemy units, the uniforms change.  The french change to their characteristic sky blue uniforms and eventually get Adrian helmets.  The British eventually trade in their caps for Brodies while the German pickelhaube gains a field gray cover and loses its spike before being replaced entirely by the stahlhelm.  As a plus, the uniforms seem to get a bit grimy in the later levels.  A really nice touch, even though I am partial to the 1914 uniforms.The dev team has really put effort into making this game work, even cleaning off some bits to make the gameplay smoother and simpler.  The recent move to the Unity 5 engine has also broguht with it some nice new graphics.  Hit detection has been greatly improved, although there is still some ways to go on it.   Upoming melee fixes should be nice to encourage more melee in the trenches rather than tactical pistol clearing with grenades.One aspect the devs can not hope to control is the community.  Rarely have I found a community in a game that is friendly, helpful, and polite.  I can happily say that every time I have played Verdun, I have found my allies and opponents all to be quite helpful and friendly.  As a game gains popularity, inevitably the community declines, but hopefully Verdun with its nice little niche community remains the kind and pleasant place on which I can sacrifice hundreds of young soldiers on the battlefields of the Great War.Forgive my long-winded review, but to sum it all up in a few short sentences would have been difficult.+WWI setting+variety of weapons (but not too many)+unique squad system+you actually won't mind dying so much+simple attack/defend gameplay++WWI uniforms of high quality++the community (or at least the people I have played with so far)-perhaps a little too accurate of the First World War (many matches end in a draw)If you like a good WWI game, don't mind dying, and can be polite when you have 30 deaths and not a single kill, then this is a game for you."
,Recommended,242860,13466241,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Wolf,"well I know I don't have too much time spent on Verdun, I would like to help out those who are looking to buy the game.1.) it's a beta (keep that in mind)2.) gameplay is unique and new. Much better than normal FPS games3.) rough graphics ( look back to number 1)4.) with the beta there are problems, shots dont always register, Graphics, and some glitches/bugs5.) the game has a great feel. Very imersive.6.) authentic voice acting! <----LOVE THIS!7.) my personal favorite is the music that plays while you are on the home screen. This music with lighten you up before you enter the gloomy trenches.8.) Fast and easy level system. Allows you to rank up through weapons faster...something I enjoy as a casual gamer.9.) Would I recommend this game to friends? Yes! Its a great game to pass the time and is very enjoyable. With it just being a beta, I feel like it was a good price. Can't wait to see what else they add!10.) hope to see you in the trenches!"
76561198071960532,Recommended,242860,13451952,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,paden89,"You gonna die lots of time until u know get the gist of surviving the no man's land.if you are war/history juff, this game is for you. The most WWI game ever.Period.9/10"
76561198021530526,Recommended,242860,13457036,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,[-PAC-] Eladd,"Have been playing this game for over a year now. Dev team consistently have updates to add features or fix issues. Some positive some negative, but when a patch does causes a problem they are very quick to rectify the issues caused.Game play is solid. Early on, even now you will experience graphics glitches, and various bugs occasionally but the underlying gameplay is rocksolid. Enjoy the fight over between the lines - each No Mans Land is like a separate map. They all have there best attack and defence locations. If you work well as a team you can dominate.People starting out will find they will die alot initially until they learn the game core mechanics. Reload rate or weapons,  when to come out of cover, when to charge, when to go prone, most importantly when NOT to stand on the skyline!I highly recomend. Good solid Predomenantly Rifle Bolt Action Shooter."
,Recommended,242860,13627641,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Karac Cano,Great game but crashes too much for no reason.
,Recommended,242860,13627882,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kendrick Lamar,Walked in barbed wire and it cut my feat and i died10/10
,Recommended,242860,13628671,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gotohellcadz,"Interesting concept, not so good execution. The game presents some really cool gameplay mechanics in reference to what actually happened during ww1 (like mustard glass allowing swift trench clearouts, albeit that it's very rare to actuall encounter a gas attack ingame...). But matches often end in stalemates and the clunky movement really doesn't help this game. Assuming these issues become ironed out it is definitely recommended."
76561198065274864,Recommended,242860,13620269,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,rAzOr777,"This is a very cool game that requires lots of skills, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,13629164,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Duffer,"If you are looking for a good deal, buy this game for 7$ now! This game is now my favorite game on steam. It is so much fun! Im just anxiously waiting for them to come out with more things for this brilliant game! 10/10. And i would have 100% bought this game at full price, but yes, buy this game right now!"
76561198012290269,Recommended,242860,13629273,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Goofy95,Great point and click adventure multiplayer shooter.
,Recommended,242860,13629680,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bar Keep,very fun!
76561198078312876,Recommended,242860,13629718,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kingy1510,Snowball fights 11/10
,Recommended,242860,13630518,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,River,"Great game, good fun with friends."
,Recommended,242860,13630840,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,leddy,Do you like to shoot bolt action rifles. This game has that.
,Recommended,242860,13631151,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dass,Its a real good game for being in alpha and can't wait to see the finished product.
,Recommended,242860,13631797,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Salt King,"First off let me be the one of the many people to tell you that this game is really ****ing good. Now I'm not sayig to go throw all your money at it because it is still and Early Access Game so there will be bugs. Now as the game stands in it's early form I like it, but there's a few things I'd like them to add.1) Make the NCO better. The NCO is seen as the leader of a squad, but no one wants to be him. Now not having a NCO doesn't screw you over, but it makes it harder to lead an attack without some direction and focus. Now I have two ideas on how to fix this and the first is to award extra XP to players who follow the NCO and their orders. The second is to make the NCO the support class. Now I'm not saying to not make him the leader class, but make him more of a support character instead of a leader. I'm not sure if this exists in the game, but give the NCO an area of effect where he improves the preformence  of squad members near him.2) Make the guns and such indepentdent from squads. The concept of having squads is nice, but I never fell like making my own and hoping people join in cause as of right now most of my friends don't own this game. I'd like it if you made a costum class system that doesn't work like COD. That's right doesn't. Here's how I think it should work. You can make 3 tiers for a class. Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3. Each tier has a set amount of guns you can use in it. So in tier 1 the guns are not the best and you can only have 1 gun. Tier 2 you get to have better guns and can have two or a gun and an attachment or item. Tier 3 you get access to the best weapons and can have two weapons or a a gun and an attachment or item. Now how do you get these tiers? By playing the game. Every match your tier resets and you start at the first. As the game progresses you get access to better tiers, So the more people you kill, assists, captures, etc. you build up in round xp. As you xp builds up your soldier gets better so get access to better gear. So to progress to tier 2 you need about 500xp. Killing should give 10, assists 5, and captures 100. Tier 2 to Tier 3 requires another 500xp. So you have to get 1000xp to get from Tier 1 to Tier 3. I feel like this makes the player feel like they have more choice and freedom in their  weapons and so they can still be a part of a squad, but feel comfortable with their own gear.3) Now this one isn't big, but at some point later in development I'd like to see better graphics. This one isn't a biggy, but would be nice. Keep the whole gray color sceme though it  adds to the atmosphere of the game.If these are added to the game then I say yes, through your money at this game like you do to Gaben when he gives us the all mighty Steam sales."
76561198020100303,Recommended,242860,13569636,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Faraday,"Best Beta Game ever!!!!!!  Devs is really working their asses up and add more good stuffs to this game, BEST EARLY ACCESS GAME SO FAR!!!!!!"
76561198054466851,Recommended,242860,13572249,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Feeling Tired,Ran in the middle of the feild and called a morter strike on myself ...got shot killed 5 people.... love this game :)
76561198019572133,Recommended,242860,13573969,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,claydon94,"This is so realistic but yet so fun, I wish this was on Xbox One and PS4....It really is a must buy!"
,Recommended,242860,14483570,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,|NOV-VD| Maxim,"Very realistic game, occasional glitch, such as one time I was directly hit by a artillery shell and my body didn't explode like it was suppose to, but it spazzed out.To be honest this game is good enough to compete with BF1 but Verdun has way too small of a fan base."
76561198069592921,Recommended,242860,26636414,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,TheWood,"If you've ever wondered what it would be like to be a WW1 soldier plungeing trench knives in people and charging across no man's land, buy this game. 10/10 ptsd"
76561198035050460,Recommended,242860,26637007,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Chopinpiano,Trump's Border Patrol: The Game10/10
,Recommended,242860,26666549,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gott Mit Uns,"I love this game. The people who play it are nice and will give you tips early on. There are 4 modes, all of which are great.  The main mode is called Frontlines where you try to take trenches from the enemy and defend your own trenches from their assaults. The squad system works well and you have to cooperate with them if you want to get anything done. It does get frustrating when you have to fall back or else you are 'executed for desertion' though but I think the mode would lose its structure if the mechanic didn't exist. Another game mode is the Rifle Deathmatch, a free for all, rifle only mode. It is great for practicing your skills before going into Frontlines and is really fun as a stand alone mode too. Team Attrition is a gamemode where your team starts out with a certain amount of lives and when you run out the match ends. You get to use any weapons in this mode, whether it is the flamethrower, a shotgun or a tiny little knife. It is fun to cooperate with your team to take out enemies and move into the trenches. The last mode is squad defence; It is like Frontlines except you don't get to attack and the enemies are bots. You get to fight wave after wave, shooting down the bots as they desperately try to sprint into your trench. This gamemode is perfect to play coop with your friends. This game is great and that is why I recommend it."
76561198056030636,Recommended,242860,26678329,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Thos the Mad,"This is not a run and gun game. You will die a lot. You will curse when you are immediately headshotted leaving the trench. You will feel more confident until you die from a  shovel to the dome.  However, you will enjoy every second of it."
76561198204211328,Recommended,242860,26648973,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,KRSLTheClan,Better than Battlefield 1 11/10
76561197990780782,Recommended,242860,16239154,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,BeckerRSLuchs,"Hat eindrucksvoll die Lücke, die bei den taktischen Shootern für den Zeitraum des ersten Weltkrieges bestand,geschlossen."
76561198132418072,Recommended,242860,26763969,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dad?,No taliban in the trenches anymore
,Recommended,242860,26544616,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bazinga!,Excellent game and well crafted. The AI for coop could use some improvement but this game is worth the money and the dev team is amazing. Highly recommended.
76561198026375549,Recommended,242860,26542505,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hubert Cumberdale,Its a salutary lesson in how pointless war can be - especially the sort of trench warfare that much of WWI involved.The game mechanics are great. It's visually stunning - in so far as any realistic visualisation of war can be stunning.
,Recommended,242860,26696981,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Minty | UnM |,"Verdun, without a doubt is probably one of the most fun games I have ever played in a long time. The developers have put a lot of love and dedication into this this game, and the end product is just amazing.If you are looking for a war shooter you NEED to pick this game up."
76561198287459717,Recommended,242860,26691062,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Comrade Lenin,"im not the best at verdun but after 20+ hrs i can safetly say that this game is one of the best ww1 game, sure theres glitches like being meled/ shot through walls but with a great dev team constantly updating to fix these glitches. i highly sugest getting this game"
76561198032960172,Recommended,242860,26751955,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Nr. Moob,I'd like to see eastern front and Africa in this game.
,Recommended,242860,20616613,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Fingolfin57,"This game is absolutely fantastic. The accuracy of the uniforms and weapons is exquisite. You really have to work with your squad if you want to make any impact on progression of the match, which makes this games that much more realistic. I would highly recommend."
76561198021618157,Recommended,242860,26638434,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Sparr,More realistic than BF I but without tanks and flyable aircraft
,Recommended,242860,26640967,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ops126,This game is hands down the best world war 1 FPS game with its intense gameplay and amazingly immersive guns and roles.10/10 would purchase again
76561198119439719,Recommended,242860,26635106,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,migwier,For those who think Battlefield 1 is too mainstream.
,Not Recommended,242860,8231089,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,the LungSifter,"i got more spawnkilled then anything else. as long as players are able to keep bombarding spawns, this'll stay negative. It's easy to win a god damn match when you throw artillery on spawns."
76561197977725521,Recommended,242860,26640230,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Stewpid,Its an inexpensive game that offers up a nice level of realism while still keeping the game fun.
76561198139105189,Recommended,242860,26705211,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Paul,"Its got a good WW1 feeling, rushing on open fields, shooting at long distances and ect.In nutchell a realistic WW1 fps"
,Recommended,242860,15818655,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,``,First day: killed a Canadian :( Sorry my brother.Second day: Killed a ton of Germans (2) MA  GET THE CAMERA.Third day: Murdered a whole team(5)
,Recommended,242860,15819120,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Commissar_Covfefe,"it's ok now, will get much better i feel."
,Recommended,242860,15820239,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Wabbitface,"If you are possibly a fan of the old CoD's I II & III then Verdun should tickle your nostalgia.This is trench warfare, most guns are rifles with one-shot kill if you can aim, better finding a really good position with good cover and bringing down the whole opposition. Sniper scopes are pretty rubbish but the good old fashioned iron-sight should do the trick no problem at any distance.It's absolutely fantastic to jump into the enemies trench and mow them all down one-by-one, or recover your own teams trench by doing the same move. Nothing feels better than the whole opposition team yelling ""WAAABBITT OMG!!"" after shooting the crap out of them."
76561197992376039,Recommended,242860,15821140,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,FrayedSanity,Jenkem.
76561198062116804,Recommended,242860,15826024,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Chuck196,"its a very good game, realistic and such fun to play. wish they had more than 2 gamemodes though as it can get very repetitive."
76561197995587986,Not Recommended,242860,15991035,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,sandsun,"If I had played a demo, I wouldn't have bought it. It's sound assets are from the original CoD (2003), it's poor optimization means framerate is all over the place (I get 5 to 105 FPS), there is no autobalance, there is no anticheat, nothing is explained, and it's pretty ugly. Don't get me wrong; it can be extremely fun and does wonderful at presenting the Great War. I think this game is worth $10, maybe $15 if it were still being worked on. But not $20.EDIT: Mute does not work, and weapon unlocks are not persistent"
76561198140245913,Recommended,242860,16004704,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,nacho,Good game worth buying...no matter how many times i get killed i always come back for more
,Recommended,242860,16044290,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Family guy funny moments,"You do normaly see a FPS, but not a WW1 one, unlike Verdun.Verdun is one of the best FPS i'll ever play. For one its research into weapons and maps to make them unique.Another would be that it has a great aspect of the time with maps and upon how the war moved, from a 1914 map with lucious trees and grass, to a late 1916-1918 map, with just the stump of a tree and the remainder of an shell explosing showing a pit, like much more, over no-mans land.Finaly, it has gas, unlike WW2 and beyond, WW1 had gas, with can change the tatics you have at disposal which you need a gas mask to go through and blinds the enemy to not see the charge into their trench.9.5/10(Theres just a few minor bugs, not to much of a bigge, their working on them)"
76561198083452651,Recommended,242860,16051117,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Killermodz2953,great game
76561197979368814,Recommended,242860,15920889,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Hott_KArl,"This Game is everything Ive been looking for ,The way the maps focus everyone into Attack and defense is astounding.I plan on playing this game for a very very very long time.Don't be  a coward, come war with me."
,Recommended,242860,15921990,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,LARY SICK,beside the lag its a pretty happening game
76561198138579412,Recommended,242860,15923148,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Royster17,"Absolutely love this game. However, it consistently stops working on my laptop after running perfectly fine and working perfectly fine in the past. It says I don't have the graphics card needed, but that can't be the problem can it?"
76561198075478191,Recommended,242860,15924296,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,D-B0n3r,
76561198017592869,Recommended,242860,15889149,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Edgefall,Nice shooter
,Recommended,242860,15892044,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Hans,"Verdun has really improved recently, the graphics, sounds and gameplay have all been improved. So i can finally write a review and recommend the game to everyone! Its great and is finally so immersive."
,Recommended,242860,15892262,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Stevie Steve,One of the best WWI game out there!
76561198039735138,Recommended,242860,15892827,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,VARG-TRUMP,"I've been out of the FPS scene for a while now and suddenly got a craving for headshots :P. I was browsing the steam store and decided to give this little gem a go as i'd never played a FPS set in WW1. Boy i'm glad i chose this game. I am very impressed with the game play, the graphics and the mechanics. The only problem I've had is once i got re-spawned right in the enemy territory (like in their final trench and they had taken one of ours..... miles away) and had no chance of getting back to my trench before getting killed for desertion, there was no. definitely a good buy for any gamer, see you on the battlefield ;) ."
,Recommended,242860,15894401,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Bolsoneca 2K18,Get OWNED simulator 2015
,Recommended,242860,15894423,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Zhulik,Realistic and most fun I've had since playing Napoleonic Wars was first introduced to me
,Recommended,242860,15837826,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Xerxes,Verdun is VerFUN!
76561198066941970,Recommended,242860,15811707,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Shaggy,A little of 3hrs currently logged.Love the fact 1 bullet can kill you!Love the Weapon Models and functions!Love the intensity of Trench Warfare!Dosnt apear to be many rewards that give you a better edge for higher lvl players.Constantly running for Objectives...No chance of trench foot here!NO ramboing COD kids!!!!This is what the Iron Europe Mod for M&B wished it could have been!Cannot find any cons to this game thus far!
,Recommended,242860,15814672,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,lolmeercatz,♥♥♥♥ing dank
76561198046939755,Recommended,242860,15808188,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Sgt. N. Saper [1stRB],"Really great game, nice array of weaponry and such.  The maps are gorgeous, and the gameplay is gritty and difficult.  Only problem is the bullet travel time: it takes a bullet a full second to travel give or take 100 yards."
,Recommended,242860,15808976,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,emrysfarm,"10/10this game is the very definition of ""heads up""."
76561198124332813,Recommended,242860,15852910,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Delta9987676,"I especially like the game because of its intense battles and realism. I also like the fact that Verdun is a historical FPS, which you don't see around a lot."
76561198005986492,Not Recommended,242860,15854092,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,RlBigDoggo,"Verdun is a FPS. And even though it has interesting gameplay, a fascinating setting and decent graphics, it fails. Why? Because the shooting mechanics are bad. In a shooter, that is not acceptable. The game is at its current state multiplayer only, with bots as a milepost in the roadmap the developers have shown. Now, imagine a multiplayer only shooter which stresses realism, but has poor hit-detection, horrible hitboxes at times and weapons that handle just like any other dumb shooter.Bullets fly out sideways from your weapon when moving, meaning that even if you have your gun pointed directly towards someone you can still miss. The netcode frequently makes players teleport/stuttering, making it hard or impossible to hit them. Lagging players are often invunerable and the fact that most weapons kill in 1 shot, not depending on where you hit, makes some weapons pointless. There are melee weapons that have no real purpose, as the rifles with bayonets outperforms them completely.You also have, which sadly has become the standard, upgrades that are objectively better, hidden behind grind. The player level both the personal account and a squad. The squad gains unique abilities, bonuses and new clothes. The major flaw with this is that if you don't have anyone to play with, well, good luck getting the upgrades. So people who have spent more time, will be at an advantage from the get go. This would be fine if the difference between a lvl 1 squad and a lvl 100 squad wasn't so massive.Another major flaw is the poor draw distance and textures. Even on ultra, expect to stare at a brown-green blotch that is supposed to be a faraway hill. A game that frequently demands the player to shoot all across the map, should have decent textures, aliasing and draw distance. It has not.The player base also often ignores the main concept of the game, capturing and defending trenches, and instead just sits around killing people from a distance. Don't expect anyone to actually do what the game asks them to do. Enjoy charging across no-man's land without anyone following you or while dead, spectate players that are afk (very common)."
76561198035641201,Recommended,242860,15855227,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Canadianbacon69,I love this game. I have played it since it was first in testing and as soon as It hit the store to test I jumped at it and loved it soo much. I recomend this game to anyone who likes history and FPS games.
76561197989563035,Not Recommended,242860,15841991,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,cleo,Rediculous!
76561198030881633,Recommended,242860,15843507,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Stoner 420,Peeked over the trenchhead shot10/10 would die again
,Recommended,242860,15845500,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jimmy,"Excellent game 10/10.Highly entertaining when played with friends. Never experienced a game like this before. If you are a die hard firearms enthusiast, you will enjoy the mix of bolt action iron sighted rifles available from WWI. 4 Player classes are well thought out and encourage teamwork. Game requires a lot of teamwork to win matches and capture trenches. The type of warfare is Attack & Defend with only one goal in mind, capturing the trench.If shooting fish in a barrel is your thing then get this game, you wont be disappointed.Nest a machine gun in a hill and watch as men get mowed down whilst running towards your muzzle...Its an adrenaline rush."
,Recommended,242860,15845921,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,jezz12313,well it starts like this verdun is the best game ever i no i no but it sometimes glitches but the best game ever mad
,Recommended,242860,15847271,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,xXmush,"Great game. If you like shooters that are more realistic and role playing than COD, you will love this game."
76561198090790271,Recommended,242860,15847819,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,aushickey,"Good game! First time ive let myself spend more than a few bucks on a game and it was worth it id say. It needs a little more fine tuning thats for sure, but the graphics and game play are more or less fantastic. Just be prepared to die... A lot.."
76561198139959814,Recommended,242860,15743474,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,E1s3nh0rn,"All in all Verdun has delivered across the board when it comes to an authentic, realistic and well balanced FPS WW1 game. As someone who has wanted a game of this specific genre for a long while to pop up and i assure you, it delivers. As well as these points in its favor there is also room for expansion, be they weapons, tanks, maps or class and squad specialisations. All in all a fantastic game that ive been unable to tear myself away from. 8/10 Thankyou the Verdun Team."
76561198323665496,Recommended,242860,25581051,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Sazure,This game rocks!  It's the best experience I've had with a FPS in a long time.
76561198061402059,Recommended,242860,25607999,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Sir Crocodile.,8 Blin out of 10 (On sale)Same problem the game is not worth the money I think but still it's a good game so if you can get it on sale it's great. Here you need to push or defend and play with your team split along the trench to be useful and pick a class you're good at. Pretty challenging and you'll probably die a lot but it's ok you'll learn the basics and how to play the game quickly. Just don't stick your head up all the time and try to abuse the render distance so it's easier to see enemies that are far.
76561198120542757,Recommended,242860,25610675,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Pro_Novy,its an awesome game about ww1 with tons of guns and really amzing maps
,Recommended,242860,25610138,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Pfc. Scholes [1st RB],A little clunky but accurate like crazy. Community is nice and generally honest. Challenign with a lot of play value
,Recommended,242860,25627221,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,ketaminka,"10/10, best 10 euro spent on online gameat first you will struggle and die. Like a lot. But then you get that its not call of duty and play like true world war 1 proffesional. Big up to the developers, keep it going. Thank you for this brilliant game :)"
,Recommended,242860,25937881,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,nose long like garden hose,very good game
,Recommended,242860,25972473,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Riverherb,Great realistic FPS shooter for real men no cod playing ♥♥♥♥♥'s will be able to play cuzz its one shot kill but if you like a great challenge and the feeling of achievment than this game is definitaly for you.
76561198175150633,Recommended,242860,25760007,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sir Markson,It's like Day of Defeat but much more slow paced and way less more explosions.
76561198134331607,Recommended,242860,25959869,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,mrmyname31,Don't get me wrong this is a good game. Good concept and all. But the fact that you die without ever seeing the enemy half the time kinda takes the fun out of the game. I know its suppose to be WW1 and all but not being able to actually do anything for like 3/4 of a match is lame as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like i said i love the concept of the game and the graphics are beautiful but i would actually like to play the game and not just see the respawn screen.
,Recommended,242860,25958951,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,B.Pearson,"A wonderful time for the most part.This game is amazing at looking good, and building atmosphere.Game lobbies need work and the Player VS Ai co-op needs a bigger focus.8/10"
76561198146855575,Recommended,242860,25956883,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,g0bonrehc47,"Awesome game! This is real FPS Tactics. It's another complete style of playing FPS, patiently, crouch/prone most of time and playing totally with your squad.The game also runs smoothly in Linux Mint (Ubuntu also)."
76561198015356561,Recommended,242860,27438702,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RDominick93,best ww1 game!
,Recommended,242860,27449027,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr. Offensive,This game is absolutely amazing in convaying the horrors of trench warfare and is nothing like BF1. I would highly recommend.
,Recommended,242860,27434496,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Annddy,"I dont usually review games, but this one definitely deserves it as I am military history buff. I got only 50 hours in, but Ive gotten it in Early Access and played it long time and not gotten as many hours in it as it deserves.What to say about Verdun?Well now since BF1 is out, the market is realizing that theres not gap anymore in the WW1 shooter marker, but there hasnt been in long time, when Verdun came out on Steam it wasnt as stable I would say as it is now. They updated the engine and other stuff.Verdun is great, it really brings the horror of WW1 trench fighting to the screen, Gas attacks.. Raiding parties, fighting with bayonets against fellow humanbeing (Well atleast pixels potraying one).The trench fighting is made great by simulating waves of attacks, when the game came out people were talking in the chat that ""its so ridicilous that we have to retreat and attack again"", but thats how it was... It's no wonder there was approx. 38 million casualties and wounded during that 4 years.Now that there are new factions, flamethrowers it's becoming amazing. There are still little points in the gameplay which I like to be fixed, sometimes you go prone and you still get killed by somebody shooting after youre prone behind cover, maybe the network code, or lag... But still I enjoy it. Cant wait what the future for Verdun is.It isnt fast paced BF1 action, but I would call it most realistic WW1 shooter at this time atleast. 2 hard working developers, who tend to make everything realistic as possible. Community is good, chat in-game is friendly, people dont use VOIP that much.. But coordination is still good with your team usually. If you get all the guys to play along, usually its just easy overrun... Dah! So get your friends and go over the top!"
76561198081751149,Recommended,242860,27376330,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Adolf Ritz-cock,"Really just, amazing. In a frustrating way. But a good one. I wouldn't recommend it for those who only really do slow paced, casual games, but other than that I find it outstanding. Generally fast-paced fun, with community ranging from pretty funny to history buffs."
,Recommended,242860,27417503,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FuzzyLumpkins,"Fantastic tactical shooter, can only be improved by more players."
,Recommended,242860,24817730,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Epicsnailman,"This is a fantastic, hard core historical experience. Be warned, at the beginning you will spend a lot of time getting sniped or mowed down my MGs. To combat this, I recommend starting with the more casual game modes like Squad Defense before launching into the full Frontlines experience."
76561198060648879,Recommended,242860,30842630,Posted: 30 March,all,hayseddy,Randomly pops head out of the trench blind fires a few rounds hits someone and earns the longest kill of the games and that was the only kill i managed to score on that match and i didnt even intend to 10/10 would be the randome grenade thrower and the blind fireing sniper all day everyday. P.S Please add in some slow moving tanks to make the feel of WW1 even more riddled with death.
,Recommended,242860,24820722,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Pvt Ryan,Fantastic game. Focus is not on explicitly shooting other players but working together to gain ground. Different classes and roles for different play styles. Definitely worth the money. Features historical weapons and locations. Such great fun.
,Recommended,242860,24819314,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Overcast07,i love fingering my dog while my boyfriend shoves a ferret up my anal cavty while my cat is gyve me S U C C
,Recommended,242860,24805514,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,✧ Rox ✧,"Most realistic WWI game in the world hands down, it is very enjoyable considering the TTK is low making it easy to get kills and also easy to die. If you like games that you can sit back and take people out in one shot this game is the perfect remedy. Also the trench warfare is just spot on, with barbed wire that can actually hurt you lining the trenches and gas that must be countered with a mask. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys realistic games and just plain out hours of fun.10/10 would storm those trenches again"
76561198182516573,Recommended,242860,24806191,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Voidnaga,its a good game and a lot of fun it just needs a few bugs fixed
76561198054670180,Recommended,242860,24811633,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,WarDude,"gas, artillery, entrenching tools, bolt action rifles and machine guns... trench warfare at its best"
76561198129212679,Recommended,242860,24754164,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,L.Vaughn.Reed,"Verdun is a very good representation of what warfare in World War two would have been like. the trenches are real; the mud, blood, and guns are very realistic, and overall the graphics are very well done. Total immersion is possible with manual bolting, no HUD, and lethal enemies, both man and A.I.; although like all A.I., they are slightly robotic. (Nothing can be done about that.) The Frontlines are very real, consisting of all real players, and one can hone their skills in the Co-op section against the A.I.. There is so much to do, and endless fun, because the situation changes all the time. It might be the same map, the same people, but people are always changing.I recommend Verdun because of all of these worthy qualities.It would also be very easy, based off of Verdun, to create a World War 2 simulation just as has been done here. Well done once again, and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,242860,30839422,Posted: 30 March,all,Dan2356,"Verdun is probably one of/the most realistic WW1 game I heard about or played,I like that the developers put a lot of research into the weapons, terrain etc. Overall, I don't have any complaints about the game and I hope you wonderful developers continue with updates and new squads."
76561198047628300,Recommended,242860,24771166,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SMW,is good
,Recommended,242860,24771330,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,esquire,"Rating: 8.8/10Good: This game definitely gets the feel in terms of World War 1. The weapons, uniforms, grenades, maps, and even has the stories of the battles in each one, making it historically accurate. The atmosphere is absolutely stunning, you truly feel as though you are fighting in the trenches, and the gigantic holes from mortars is gorgeous. If gore is your thing, it has some great options in that department too, such as limbs coming off, lots of blood, and of course, screaming/gargling as you die from a gun shot. The trench warfare mode is REALLY fun, even if it is basically a skinned version of attack/defense. Also, the community is amazing, no real flamers/hackers that I've run into, definitely being a good sign.Bad: And now for the bad points of said game. One shot almost ALWAYS determines a kill, which to me, sucks. I feel like if you shoot them in the chest, you should be able to be revived, and maybe with half health (thus introducing a health bar with no regeneration, except from health packs, etc.) I also feel like some of the maps are well...too flat. Yes, they look awesome (as they all do) BUT, strategically, the attacking team has to crawl their way to the enemy's bunker, and HOPE they dont get picked off/run out of time, which stink bollucks. I also feel that in some parts of certain maps, chokeholds can easily be one sided, but that could be entirely subjective.Overall, a SOLID game with lots to offer. Definitely worth it if you enjoy history."
,Recommended,242860,24888956,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Skäggtroll,"Really good game, it is really hard though. It is not a game for those with a temper xD you die........ alot10\10 would play again."
76561198055339526,Recommended,242860,24903786,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,[SIR] Gooberfluff,I absolutely love this game. Some maps are slightly unbalanced but the overall game play and atmosphere is wonderful. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,24803926,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,EpochPirate,You think you can tell the difference between a tree stump and a German? No. You can't.
,Not Recommended,242860,24763544,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jeffafafafa,"This game is great, but there is literally ZERO people EVER on. I haven't seen one person on ever since I've gotten this game. I'm currently waiting on a refund because of this. If this game wasn't so dead, maybe it'd actually be RECOMMENDED, but sadly it's not. I'm so surprised that such a great game isn't popular as before.If you have recently bought the game, get a refund, because this game will obviously never grow back, and I'm really disappointed to even say that."
,Recommended,242860,24902420,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,theheartofwar,very g00d
76561198278737219,Not Recommended,242860,22027632,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MasterThief_117,Poop.
76561198068849359,Recommended,242860,23798222,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Miner,"In the game, you are ALWAYS one or the other:- The retard running across no-mans land- The guy Shooting the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ running across no-mans landThere are no other roles in this game and it is perfect"
76561198018718591,Recommended,242860,25056373,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[MWM]PapaEmeritusIII,Amazing game
76561198041129082,Recommended,242860,17417992,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Earl of War,This game is fun like really fun. But the inactivity kick is not very good. I was a Mg gunner on the German side and found a good hiding/camping space in the enemy trench. just as i was enjoying that space set up and fortified i knew about the inactivitty kick. So i moved my head around so and so and was kicked due to inactivity even though i was moving my head. So if you buy it beware of that. At first i thought it was due to absolutely no movement and if you move your guys head around you would be fine but i was wrong.
76561198074130486,Recommended,242860,25064479,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,XtremeChaos5150,"This game is really fun, challenging but fun. This game can not be played like call of duty or battlefield. I highly suggest this game."
,Recommended,242860,25046202,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,George W. Kush,Hands down best WWI game
76561198205085263,Recommended,242860,25040990,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,2bigjj,really good game very historical tottaly awesome game and it is a good game for military historians i really recommend this game for people that like shooting and history
76561198066574218,Recommended,242860,25052961,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bedrock,Awesome game!
76561198062416010,Recommended,242860,11480664,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Rand al'Thor,"Yes i would recommend this game, I do love it, the gameplay provides a challenge at the start but as you play more it gets to a point where you do start to get more and more kills per game, its a bit like GoW so you will struggle at the start but slug it out a bit, the guns are pretty similiar but that is mainly due to it being pre release and so the new weapons havnt been updated yet, There is a quite good progression in the game with you being able to level up class, weapon and your personal level with class skills, and new attachments for your weapons and i dont know what the level unlocks are as they havnt been updated, There is a strong class system here, if you can get 3 other friends to play with and you play reguarly there is a very good skill tree to follow withing your squad.There are 4 characters to choose from, NCO, Sniper, CQC and All Rounder, each one has specific uses ingame and again you level up each character seperatly, One massive Pro in this game, is the environments massive maps with lots of sight ranges over the maps lots of good details that make each game different, also the maps are very different from each other with a crater strewn wasteland to a mountanous forest, all in all this game is very fun, maybe be careful about the £14 price and instead wait for a sale which there was a day ago so sorry you missed it. In conclusion I would, it is a very fun game and with very good longlevity."
76561198035693499,Recommended,242860,11482153,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,JediJoe22,"Hot, squad-on-squad action for those who like to watch."
,Recommended,242860,11482510,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Cremkie,"This is Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm toned down and set during World War 1. Good tactical gameplay where every shot and meter counts. Aside from a few bugs, I'm really enjoying it and highly recommend it.This is NOT a fast paced game so if you're looking for Battlefield/COD go somewhere else.8.5/10"
76561198079955976,Recommended,242860,11482619,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Joewbarber,"Can be buggy at times and there is little to no bullet drop, but besides that it is a fun and intense game. I would be better if there were more maps and countries. E.g Britain and France both fighting together against Germany rather than just France v Germany"
76561198076278578,Recommended,242860,11510120,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TangoFuzzmeister,"This game is great. It's a unique take on the FPS, fought in the trenches of Verdun and with mostly bolt-action rifles. If you want a different feel for an FPS, try this game. The maps are intense and pretty spectacular graphically, As far as I understand, the maps are fairly accurate to the actual battle field. Fun game and as it gets more players, its getting funner."
76561198063872189,Recommended,242860,11573560,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,NACHOOO CHEESE DIRITOES !,Please add closer sever to Australia
76561197979353957,Recommended,242860,11574268,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Velrisias,Rush simulator 201410/10 will blindly rush again more to make sure my team mates get to the next trench
,Recommended,242860,11575717,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Horecray,"Went over the top, got mowed down in a hail of gunfire, died in the mud.10/10"
76561198092535375,Not Recommended,242860,11570833,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,rodriguezdabeta12,"this game needs more work, even the GTX 860m cant handle this game on high settings"
76561198009597832,Recommended,242860,11571677,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,cdunn700,the game i was always looking for. 5/5
,Recommended,242860,11580478,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,(TG25) Jammin Memes,Awesome game! I love the detail of the barbed wire and the trenches! You should definitely get this game!
,Not Recommended,242860,11581021,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Dr. Steve Brule,"Even for being in early access, this game is awful. I absolutely love the idea of this game, but the execution is terrible. Despite this, I will probably give this game another shot later in development or after it is completed."
76561197981507480,Recommended,242860,16741925,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[NurZ] Malt0r,very nice ww1 shooter with some new ideas !
76561198101507483,Recommended,242860,16744446,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,♔Saint James♔,I think of this game as a very realistic FPS and can really show its standards for a newer game in the FPS genre
76561198028399773,Recommended,242860,16748157,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MitchFisher05,this is a good shooter that involves not just individuals or even squads but the whole team to be on point to acheive game objectives. The bolt action gameplay is unique and enjoyable.
,Recommended,242860,16749076,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Creeping Death,Like the Red Orchestra series? Enjoy games where 1 hit is a kill? Have a weird Trench fetish? Buy this game!
76561198148530862,Recommended,242860,16751510,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,dweltscorpion,this game is so worth it and very accurate historical game i recommend this game to everybody trust me it will be worth it
76561198002463798,Recommended,242860,16619683,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cpt.DoeJohnson,"I highly recommend this game. It has been a long time since I enjoyed FPS game but now I am really enjoy playing Verdun. Btw, it runs perfectly in Linux."
76561198081582208,Recommended,242860,16620208,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cpt.GoldFish,"its a great game, i loved ro2 and found this game very easy to pick up and play."
,Recommended,242860,16623180,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ivelios,"Ten or so people came running through a trench corridor and none of them looked in my direction (or if they did, I immediately gunned them down) so I killed a crap-load of people with my Mp18 SMG. A different time I ran out of ammunition killing people but there were still two more, oh-so-oblivious frenchies who needed death, so I obliged by beating them to death with the butt of my SMG.10/10 would kill more frenchies any timeIn all seriousness, it's a great (erm... the only one?) WW1 shooter. It has its bugs and issues, one of the biggest being a lack of synchronized animations - you can't tell if someone is putting on their gasmask or leveling their weapon half of the time. Also, hip-firing Lewis MG's, as well as the German MG08, are dumb as ****. Makes no sense balance-wise or realism-wise.Unless realism is your thing (but not simulation-level), as well as trench warfare, then I recommend catching Verdun on a sale (perhaps 50% off).Might write a more detailed review in the future but I doubt it."
,Recommended,242860,16624119,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jamma Hamma,"Men marched helpless. Many had lost their squad spots,But limped on, with only lugers and a grenade.Drunk with dreams of pwn sn1p3ing; deaf even to the hootsOf tired, experienced players rolling their eyes, behind.Gas! Gas! Quick, boys! – An ecstasy of fumbling,Mashing the button [4], ah! Just in time;But someone was typing ""faggg"" and stumbling,Seems that CALLOFBOOTY was this nooblord's name.Through reticule-blocking textures and dim light,As under a green sea, I saw him drowning.In all my games, before my helpless sight,He plunges at me, blocking me, his melee key spamming.If in some toxic rounds you too could playBelieving yourself above the fray, eager to slay,You'd still see samey combat, jittering animations, barely goryAnd so my friend, you would not tell with such high zestTo children ardent for some desperate glory,The old Lie; THIS GAME IS THE BEST(cuz clearly, it's totes worth 9 bucks but idk my bff jill?)"
76561197970989120,Recommended,242860,13658253,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Badger,"Over the top boys, only to get mowed down by a machine gun. Or crawling through the mud and destroyed landscapes to be blown up by a mortar. But you get up and go again, and again.And if the gunfire does not get you the mustard gas will.Great setting, great weapons mostly, squad based abilities and progression allowing for strong teamwork and great gameplay."
76561198134107883,Recommended,242860,13658453,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sMudge,This game is amazing frankieonpc descibes it better and the one thing that made me say this was worth the money was one the insanlie fun gameplay and the last would be the christmas break that happned in real life when both sides had truces and played games and did all that and when i found out it was in there it put a smile on my face but the only issues about the game is the guns are hard to get used to but when you do its not a problem but the hit box is awful but that shouldnt make you turn this game down  and devs please fix the hit box thats all you need to fix
76561198057378195,Recommended,242860,13659602,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[CRO]Haleander,"Best WW1 game ever madeYou have feeling like you are on battlefield and it is very realistic. I like it cuz everyone is playing this game seriously and everyone is attacking or defending and it is pretty good feeling. Also I like realistic WW1 weapons and WW1 battlefields.Only bad thing is that Central Powers win 70 % of game matches which is historical wrong:/They should make DLC Eastern front (Russian army) or DLC Ugarian Army and Balkan front , that would be awesome."
76561198045633694,Recommended,242860,13659613,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Enkidu,"Just played my first hour. Really enjoyed it. Deathmatch mode was fun, Frontline mode really enjoyable too. Charge at ze Germans or Tommies. Over the top boys! Only con, I didnt know the key config, so I have to jump outta game and learn it, but then Im going back in. So maybe learn it before you jump in a game and it will help heaps."
,Recommended,242860,13589276,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nordplay,This is a damn good game to play! :)
,Recommended,242860,13662334,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,H@mm€rT!me,i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198047947303,Recommended,242860,13779070,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SumHoserEh!,Great concept for a game!
76561198054410697,Recommended,242860,13326446,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Sandor Clegane,"Tired of chaotic spray and pray gameplay? Play a game that feels authentic and actually takes some amount of skill. Love the setting and gameplay actually feels worthwhile, rather than just killing for the sake of killing it is a real task to take a trench and advance. Finally an actual war game!"
76561198098250975,Recommended,242860,24245371,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,152mm Of Soviet Glory,"If you like slower paced fps' like Red orchestra and Insurgency with an emphasis on teamplay, and your looking for a game to play with squad tactics like battlefield (but a lot better) to play with your friends, this is it. The shooting feels a bit janky and disconnected, but I have rarely played a game with my friends where we use as much teamwork as in Verdun. And the WW1 music on the main menu and overall look of the game is very thematic and detailed. Get it with some friends who want to play it too."
76561198009447301,Recommended,242860,24245850,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Canadian,"Amazing! I hope that they come up with some updates and newer maps, fingers crossed?"
,Recommended,242860,24243466,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,GribbleGrub,Game is loads of fun. Great trench warfare feel. il be playing this for a while.
76561198042141472,Recommended,242860,24243581,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Muunokhoi (Fucky Vibes),Get Gud M8!
76561198093613994,Recommended,242860,24237119,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,John of the nike,A real WW1 game.
,Recommended,242860,24234447,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Belix,Very nice game
76561198196447617,Recommended,242860,24268292,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Doraleous,Very tactical
76561198048997159,Recommended,242860,24260345,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Avius,If you want to increase or gain P.T.S.D I suggest getting this game.*Slowly zooms away from my face as black and white war photos over lay it with dramatic music.*
,Recommended,242860,24262987,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Anetia Jaegeri,"10/10 Random Canadian Mountie looking pieces of trash flying into my face, if they're dead or alive, You don't know until the gun starts going crazy and all I hear is ""Gott mitt uns"" Which accurately describes that Canadian."
76561198060238017,Recommended,242860,24305113,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Drunkcowboy,very nice. Best WW1 game to date.
76561198141357671,Recommended,242860,24307163,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,King Sal,People that want to some what experiance battle feild 1 this is the game for you a lot of ww1 action more of trench war type no tanks and really hard! you will get what i mean when you start playing the game. I think the history on this is preatty good to so i reccomend.
,Not Recommended,242860,24097653,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,sv_cheats 1,"Apologies for the lack of fancy editing. This is my first ""major rant-like review"", and I'm pretty sure I balls'd it all upI like this game so much, as it hits everything I wanted in a World War I fps. It looks alright, the weapons feel great (for the most part), and you can even run around Ypres laughing your♥♥♥♥♥off like the drunk kraut you are. It's these points that the game handles excellently; so well infact that I originally gave it a positive review before editing this. It perfectly simulates the desperate tug-of-war that WWI really was- even managing to emulate the adrenaline rush that hits you everytime you storm an enemy position, or the waves of relief that you get everytime an enemy attack phase ends, as you and the pile of arms and legs that were once your teammates were just starting to slip from your defensive positions. It is indeed games like these that make me loathe Steam's ""yes or no"" review style, as whether or not you will enjoy this game, is entirely dependent on your taste. I personally enjoy this game. Then again I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing spastic who jerks his 2 inch gherkin to bolt action rifles, and loses his♥♥♥♥♥♥everytime this game's ragdoll physics send some unlucky Frenchman to the moon.Unfortunately, there is a heap of awful♥♥♥♥♥♥in the way of a total recommendation for this game, most of it having to do with the way this game handles balancing.It doesn't""Ok, hear me out. Instead of coding in any kind of actual balancing system, let's just add a prompt that nicely and kindly asksrandompeople on the overpowered team whether or not they want to switch to the other side. And if nobody switches, we'll just give them an extra 3 second spawn and a slight XP debuff that they probably won't notice!""-Actual quote from a Blackmill Games dev, inbetween his potsmoking session, because that's what all Dutch people do, right?Not only is this crude substitute for actual autobalance amazingly one-sided (very rarely do you actually see kind souls switch to the outnumbered team), but it also completely ignores player skill. What's the point of having equal players, if your entire team is comprised of level 5♥♥♥♥♥♥for-brains who only boughtVerdunto tide them off untilBattlefield 1drops like a disabled veteran; whilst the enemy team is made up of level 100 God-Tier Snipers and MG's that can hit you from across the map using only their giant throbbing erections to pull their triggersNot that their skill matters, as the map design in some places is so horrid, that any two-bit jerry with a working index finger and enough mental capacity to do simple addition can waste your entire team the second you respawnWhat was that in the paragraph above? Was that a segue? Yes it was, because just like Russia's overall military performance in WWI, the map design ofVerdunis mediocre and even good in some places, and ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥in all others. The biggest perpetrator of these map design war crimes in my opinion is the Central Powers side of the Fort Douaumont Map.This is going to be awful, but please bear with me.The first German defensive line consists of a large indoor hallway with various defensive installations placed in the middle. There is little room to move in the hallway, and anyone who controls the center, basically controls the whole point. At first, it may seem that the attacking Allies have the disadvantage, until you take into account the fact that they have entrances directly into the middle of the hallway- granting them a massive flank and advantage. The Central Powers do not have any entrances on their side. If they have to attack the center, they need to use the two entrances at both ends. The ones that the Allies always have MG's pointed at. Moral of the story:If the Germans lose the first point, they're ♥♥♥♥ed up the♥♥♥♥♥with a Mauser for the entire rest of the game.And that was just one of many examples, but thisreviewrant is getting long enough as is, and I haven't even gotten into the abysmal netcode and horrible optimization of this game (which is ♥♥♥♥ing awful, incase you somehow haven't clued in). But in the end, I still loveVerdun, even if it can be the video game equivalent of a drunk and dysfuntional father, relentlessly beating the player for things they never did.The Pro's I mentioned in the first paragraph click for me, and I genuinley find enjoyment in this game, when I'm not flipping my♥♥♥♥♥♥over the aforementioned problems. If you're like me, and you've been scouring all about for an admittedly fun and cathartic WWI experience, and are willing to put up with hell to get it, you're right at home. I fear for anyone else's safety, as this game clearly isn't made for the faint of heart, or those who can't swallow the gallon of cold♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that is this game's atrotious level design and balancing methods (evidenced by the fact that all my friends who own this game have under 5 hours clocked in, as of writing this review). It is because of these splinters in the game's design that I have to give the game a negative review, despite how much I enjoyed it. On a brighter note, the dev team seems to respect the game enough to update it from time to time, always giving me the hope that these blemishes will finally be healed- but until then, my heart will sayYES, my head will sayMAYBE, and my Steam account will sayNEIN."
76561198291300600,Recommended,242860,24400438,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,nordicwarrior978,GREAT GAME!!!! looks like you're in the real WWI :)
76561198004262351,Recommended,242860,24257646,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Iceheart,Fantastic game.  Lots of fun.
76561198131398143,Recommended,242860,24257755,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,TermsOfService,Honestly one of the best games I've played in awhile I mean I love getting outta my trench every couple of minutes and get my head blown off and as I sit there I get mortered ending up dying again. If you want a flawless dying simulator you have found the game literally you cannot go without dying or you're just haxor. Love it when someone ♥♥♥♥ing farts in my trench too its freaking disgusting. 10/10 would die again
76561198089448887,Recommended,242860,24251824,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Giovane Balilla,"This is one of my favourite FPS.Alone is good, with friend is awesome.Buy this if you like WW I and coop fps.Recommended."
76561197998150818,Recommended,242860,24254070,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ZoltaTheHun,"Add Eastern Front DLC pls, ty"
76561198133727686,Recommended,242860,24263732,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,matthew222,amazing. this game has came very far and i really enjoy it.
76561198036926055,Recommended,242860,24265704,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Coldkill,"I got this game expecting it to be similar to Call of Duty: World at WarBoy, was I wrong.I don't have much time in it, but I'm really enjoying it despite the fact that I'm not very good.The controls are a bit clunky but I imagine that's because it tries to emulate how one would move realistically.Also, machine guns can only ADS if you deploy them on a surface. Which is annoying, but it makes sense.I would only reccomend this game to people with a lot of patience."
,Recommended,242860,24431094,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,WowSham,TrenchesMustard GasShovels10/10
76561198282102197,Recommended,242860,30545435,Posted: 16 March,all,kachowski,"Really fun game, no unrealistic crap it's the closest you can get to the real thing."
76561198069408997,Recommended,242860,18337364,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Nilloc,"I wish I could suggest this game to everyone but so long as cheating and hacking runs rampant I wouldn't, so while yes I will recomend it I also warn that you must beware. There are lots of these guys and the devs don't seem to care about giving us a way to report or kick them, instead they allow them to just become level 100 and let them ruin peoples day,"
,Recommended,242860,18270581,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,pantera_fan101,Great game! Completely different type of fps. Something that doesnt happen very often and im glad it did.
76561198125473384,Recommended,242860,18369001,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,this game is awesome it makes you to feel like you are at the war
,Recommended,242860,18363275,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Spacejam on VHS,I absolutly love this game and I can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,242860,18362174,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,x Modify,Very fun and intense game. Takes some getting used to and learning curve is steep. Players are friendly and play to win.
,Recommended,242860,18361090,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,(laughing at own joke),"Definitely a fun game with interesting and unique features worth playing.If you enjoy FPS and historical accuracy, then this game is heavily suggested. This game is very good and is very much based on skill, since the rifles are all fairly balanced and made to counteract one another.I enjoy it a lot."
76561198118541192,Recommended,242860,18293122,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Marin,IMO most successful indie game. Even though sometime frustrating it is an absolute blast playing Verdun. I recommend waiting a bit before buying cause of the massive content update up and coming. It might be better to play when the new factions and content is out. Overall I think Verdun can become very big if it keeps pushing forward.
76561198020790495,Recommended,242860,18316351,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,thefry76,"Every played RO2 and thought ""man im not as angry as I could be"" well fear not Verdun will have you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥blood in five short minutes."
76561198120551138,Recommended,242860,18314457,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,FullBodyMassage,This game gives me trenchfoot.
76561198036648136,Recommended,242860,18218223,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,heivanuif,eeeyy
,Recommended,242860,18218262,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Hamelin,"Verdun told me to write a review of this game if I liked it, and I do, so I feel I am obligated to do so now. You don't find many World War 1 games out there, especially widely played and really good ones, so this being one of the few, I really like it.If you're interested in World War 1 as I am, and like FPS games, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,16764384,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,puk413,I managed to accidentally set a tommie flying with my grenade.10/10 would random nade again
,Recommended,242860,22066180,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Covfefe,OMG look a guy!Oh wait I stood up a halfa second too long...(Gets shot and dies instantly)...running throug trenches...Screaming German wrecks you w/ a shovel12/10 will love game 4ever
,Recommended,242860,7339742,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Snæfellsjökull,This is on of the best games of the year get it!
,Recommended,242860,22080538,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Ravetrooper,Fun game. Action packed and crazy as heck. this game does need work but it is still worth it.
,Recommended,242860,22083796,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Ben,Over the top simualtor 2k16
76561198098820885,Recommended,242860,22015456,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Thicc Booty Cheeze,The new update is absolutely amazing. 10/10
,Not Recommended,242860,7426122,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,bfdHaunted,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game don't buy it!.Edit: Well It's not as♥♥♥♥♥♥as It once was. But It's still pretty damn bad
76561198014617527,Recommended,242860,22018941,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Corrupted Warden,"Bodies.. bodies everywhere, I charged forward, thinking this time i can make it through dead mans land... nope, get shot again.. will attemp once more... get my leg blown off. Attack lost momentum, time to retreat, get sniped...rofl 10/10 death simulator."
76561198165944646,Recommended,242860,22014713,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ersteffek,"This is the closest video games can get to war. The fighting to get just one point is slow, ducking and cover in trenchs craters and other♥♥♥♥♥♥ And the fighting itself, thanks to the Horrors of War gore option, makes a good representation of World War 1, even if you die from an explosion, your charater is screaming for the lose of his life and limb. I think AAA devs should get some inspiration and notes from M2H and Blackmill Games"
76561198015630716,Recommended,242860,22007451,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,👻SpookCD👻,Great game.
,Recommended,242860,21819193,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Treecone,"Good, and great devs"
,Recommended,242860,22010752,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Azeron,"A World War I game, ""could never be fun"" they said, it could never be ""dynamic"" due to the endless waves of machine guns and infantry. They were wrong.This game is a product of a passionate community backed by a benevolent development team that focuses more on improving the game than lining their pockets. First off, look at the price, $25 for content that will last you 100+ hours. I've had this game since January of 2014 when it first entered early access and if you are the least bit interested in history, first person shooters that require actual skill, and dynamic squad and team play, then this game is definitely for you.While playing solo is rewarding in itself, once you grab a few friends you can level up your squad to gear out with all the late-era swag armor and higher squad perks that makes you almost feel like a god. Not only that, unlike other FPS games, the game as a sort of weight if you can appreciate the historical aspect.For example, you and your squad/team charge an enemy trench as artillery pounds the earth beside you. Your commander blows his advance whistle and the machine guns are all the while are opening fire from both sides... Then, what's this cloud of smoke? GAS GAS GAS! You put on your gas mask and into the dark fray of the enemy trench you go, firing haphazardly to defeat the enemy in a last ditch effort to keep the momentum of your attack going, lest you fall back and fear an overwhelming enemy force breaking through your own lines of defense.Hundreds of weapons and attachments, multiple styles of play and squad type variants. Endless hours of fun. 10/10 would die from barb wire again."
,Recommended,242860,22010778,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Nolen87,"Amazing WWI FPS game, great bang for its buck and very fun! Devs seems to keep on with the updates and bugs as far as I've been playing. Also if you need any motavation go check out 'The Great War' on youtube to get pumped."
,Not Recommended,242860,16081181,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,shiFty_###,"not that bad, but i wouldn't buy it again"
76561198070842442,Recommended,242860,22052622,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Maka,Entire team took the **** out of a neo nazi in chat 10/10...anywaySince the last update verdun has turned  into quite something 20x better then early acsess devs have put every community request into the game ghraphics (spelt wrong its late) are quite nice also has co op :) must buy for military history buffs
76561198160654344,Recommended,242860,24543223,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SirRiptide,"Amazing game, very realistic and one of a kind. I heard someone in a battle who said ""Battlefield 1 is like the beer for the multitudes, but Verdun is the fine wine for the people with taste"" and yes, Battlefield is going to take the thunder of Verdun, but this game is one of a kind. The only thing I dislike is the lack of a sight on the Canadian's sawn-off lee-enfield because I actually cant see what is in front of me. Also, the Wex needs a buff, it takes so long to turn the handle that you can't get anyone that tries to kill you. Yes there is the sidearm but the C96 is very realistic in that you have to fire all 10 rounds before you can reload, and the revolver has a tooth grindingly long reload and fire rate. A luger would be nice, or simply make the Wex have a faster valve opening speed. One more thing is that I wish the Trench Magazine could be on more classes than Bote. If you are thinking about getting this game you should, it has quickly became one of my favorites, being a history buff and veteran on Red Orchestra 2. Hope to see you in the trenches! (Devs, keep up the good work!)"
76561198055614134,Recommended,242860,24645545,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Bjorn Stormwolf,"Great Game thats pretty much it. Any game that lets me play as a Canadian true north strong and free is already good in my books. combine that with badass gameplay and a 10/10 setting, one will not be disappointed with this game.P.S turn on gore to max for a extra fun PTSD inducing experience."
,Not Recommended,242860,24642025,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Chrittifah,"I get this weird situation where my game is fullscreen but my mouse still exists in the background, so that anytime I turn right and try to fire I end up tabbing out to my second monitor.Vague and inconsistent controls, and lots of issues with server lag.Very fun game when everything works perfectly 10/10 don't recommend"
76561198048002452,Recommended,242860,24551296,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dominatus,"Without ever having played battlefield 1 I can assure you Verdun is a propper ww1 game, staring you in a trench being shelled and sniped. The game does suffer from a bit of lag causing the enemies to ghost around, but as someone who braved hereoes and generals for Verdun it's not game breaking."
,Recommended,242860,24548312,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Woofel,"Eh, when I played it the first time it was pretty meh. You'd crawl for like twenty minutes only to get your face blown off by a high power rifle. Now, you join just in time to watch an aerial banzai take out the guy next to you with mustard gas clouding your vision while you try to beat some guy to death with a rifle stock because you haven't earned a bayonet yet. Huge improvement."
,Not Recommended,242860,24649254,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,mygreen182,"I love this game but due to how much it lags, it really brings me ready to break my keyboard.Plenty of instances where I fire my weapon center mass and it just doesn't register.Being that the game is mainly single shot rifles, that shot counts a lot.I'll book it to the trench, be inside, but the guy who fired at me 1 second after I was already in the trench kills me.There's a reason it was called ""No Man's Land"". You wanted to be in that trench as fast as possible.The fact that these 2 key points of the weaponry and type of warfare in World War I are lacking in the game, it really kills the game for me.I've played on multiple different servers in different regions and it's always the same.I really do love everything else about this game. World War I isn't really touched upon in video games so I really wish this wouldn't be such a problem so I could enjoy the game.It's a potentially great game but I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,24650618,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,JTP,spawned in the first match. got 0 kills 26 deaths. got gassed in spawn. missed 3 soldiers point blank with a sniper rifle. got t-bagged by germans. 10/10 realism.
76561198006869949,Recommended,242860,24598386,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Antoz,You start and don't even know at which side of the trench you have to point your gun. In less than three hours you find yourself tossing grenades while finishing frogeaters with a shovel. 10/10
76561198065098202,Recommended,242860,24599308,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,littledaaviid,"Incredibly fun game, I never seem to get bored of it. Verdun it self is well put together and the devs are always working to improve it. The game is even better with friends playing along and most of the other players as well are friendly and active."
76561198141697489,Recommended,242860,24606411,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Hans The Reformed German,"I had a great time playing it when it was on kongregate. I am sure it's there still, but I don't know. I feel stupid for getting a refund on it - RIGHT BEFORE THE AMERICAN UPDATE!!! I would have kept it, but my connection was shoddy and it lagged. I'm planning on buying it again when it's on sale."
76561198112493915,Recommended,242860,24625441,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,PanzerHanss,10/10 Would get ptsd from gas attack again
,Recommended,242860,24626142,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Raze,This is a great game. I would definitely recommend this game to a friend. 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ again. ♥♥♥♥ HER RIGHT IN THE ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198032044865,Recommended,242860,24626351,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TheBiDDleR,"Has its glitchy bugs , but for overall immersion into WW1 trenchwarfare; Verdun gets the job done!!  Im a Red Orchestra 2 player by default;decided to take a break from it and jumped into this.  Besides the glitchy at times gameplay, I have been hooked and look forward to seeing what the developers add, and \ or fix with each update. Keep it up!!"
76561198197795807,Recommended,242860,24628996,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,mike20927,it's really fun
,Recommended,242860,24633638,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,W for Wumbo,The only good WWI Game one of my favorites.
76561198006038493,Recommended,242860,24638900,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Drogi,Small Content but good game
76561198076810058,Recommended,242860,24639798,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,2nd Amendment,Its a good realistic WWI game.
76561198105459890,Recommended,242860,24118166,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Gray 8,"This is a strategic game rather than 'shoot em up', and the authentic feelto the battle field makes it more 'involved' ... give it time, good game"
76561198093207534,Recommended,242860,24602764,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Gothic Serpent,"I love this game! The combat is intense, the music is great, and it's unique given that it's a WWI FPS."
,Recommended,242860,24600622,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Revarx,"It's a really fun WW1 simulation game, and an even more fun FPS. Constant action and battle no matter what gamemode. Although there are also drawbacks. I play this game on Linux (Fedora 23 for specifics) and the game crashes if I change the volume while in a match or I get a steam trading card from the game. Which is really annoying, because I often forget about the terrible crashes because of volume, then change the volume after a very long and bloody battle which could have got me like another 3 rankups. Also, it makes you go through the tutorial every time you log in. Plus, it never saves my settings in-game. It always reverts to low sensitivity and toggle scoping.Including the bugs- 6/10If the bugs were fixed- 8.5/10"
76561198144774788,Not Recommended,242860,18677033,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Shanghai Boone,Interesting game and a fun idea well executed for the most part but has some serious fps and balance issues that need to be fixed.
76561198318604381,Recommended,242860,30589039,Posted: 18 March,all,Lord Winterfellow,"I realy like this game. Didn't do a shooter for a long time so was a bit scared that I would die alot as the review say. In start it did. So first thing it so stay alive, so play as a team, take cover, learn the map. Unlock the 3 wapon sets for your current role (you have plenty of points!!) See what weapon fits your style, team and map. It does not take long to see that you can kill some in a row. Ofcourse if you have to be the runner you will die some times in a row to get foothold on the target line.Note some weapons are realy powerfull but hard to handle. Like the flamethrower, nice for burning out a bunker but bad in open field :)If you want a realistic shooter that is skillbased with good graphics, try it!"
,Recommended,242860,18840618,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,TheLucas27,Amazing Game very realistic they even put the christmas truce in i only with it was bigger maps with more players
,Recommended,242860,18838721,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Bruce,Verdun is a great game if you play with friends took me awhile to get use to the 1 hit kill with most weapons VERY REALISTIC the weapons are real weapons used in the real war. lets face it the machine guns are over powered. laying it down on the top of a hill and make hell rain apon the people charging. AMEN this game needs to be improved graphics wise
76561197979093208,Not Recommended,242860,18838977,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Bhikshu #Back2Basics,"I've played Red Orchestra 2 for a few years, and when Verdun was announced, I had a lot of hopes for something of that quality, but with a new setting, because frankly I find WW1 interesting and under-explored. What I see hasn't really met those expectations. Movement feels like controlling a cloud instead of a body with mass, the lethality of weapons is badly overstated (rifle round to the foot? Insta-death. No bleedout, no bandaging, no getting to cover), and something about the game engine REALLY does not play well with textures at a distance. The game overall feels quite unpolished, although I do like the foothold/repulsion mechanic for determining victory, and the inclusion of gas and called-in artillery. It may be improved at a later date, but frankly I'm not liking what I see at this time."
,Not Recommended,242860,18708752,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Cometa,"Very small player base and horrendous lag issues and input lag, might be good in another year or so but to unplayable at the moment"
,Recommended,242860,18701197,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Christmas Ape,"If you want a realistic shooter that depends upon teamwork and tactics, Verdun is worth every penny. Gritty and nailbiting like RO2, but more orderly and forgiving, Verdun is easy to pick up and has one of the best communities of any game I've played on Steam. People are helpful and friendly, the matches are atmospheric and exciting, and once you've conquered the mechanics, you'll find it supremely satisfying."
,Recommended,242860,18728603,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,RuxConk,Get your balls nailed to the wall. Sacrificing yourself to go over the top and race from cover to cover while under heavy sniper fire and arty just to be killed by who sorta looked like he was on your team has never been as good.You will die a 1000 times from things you could have never avoided but you'll love every second of it.10/10It's a little buggy but the developers are active and are always trying to fix it while introducing new weapons and things.
76561198114409891,Recommended,242860,18704006,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,SchistStorm,"Before I say anything, I would like to start by noting that this game is well worth its asking price, and I reccomend it to anyone who wants an interesting new feeling fps. Now I will make a list of pros and cons:Pros:-Fresh gameplay-interesting pacing-very detailed graphics especially for the engine it runs in-Guns feel powerful and are satisfying to get kills with-new take on squad based gameplay-interesting attack and counterattack gamemodeCons:-Lags everynow and then-has a crash bug that occurs about once a day-can get frusturating at times-pacing can be a little slow in the trench warfare gamemode-clunky movement in close combatOverall this game is very VERY good.  Once again, I reccomend this game to anyone who feels the need for an interestingly themed very polished and new feeling fps. Though it has its issues and isn't perfect yet, it's fantastic gameplay and interesting theme grreatly overshadows its mistakes.Very nice job devs, keep up the good work.Rating: 9/10"
76561198035020891,Recommended,242860,18730745,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Octavian,Really fun game if you like realistic FFS. And the only game to be able to simulate WW1 trench warfare extremely well. Lots of fun you should buy it. That metracritic score is a bunch of BS. I'd put this in the 90s all day.
,Recommended,242860,18758922,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[95thNY Co.B]Pvt. FaceTheCheese,I think you guys should definetly add the eastern part especially galipoli and all i know the game is on the western front buts still some fierce battles took blace over there at the ottomans and the russians
,Recommended,242860,18712572,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Honken,"It's a very good game okay?But it still have a lot of things to fix! Animations, lag and♥♥♥♥♥♥But it's a good game, okay?"
76561198110722662,Recommended,242860,18720543,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,The Dirty Bubble,Fantastic game if you enjoy realism and brutality. New and refreshing game modes that part Verdun from other games such as Battlefield or Red Orchestra. Very strategic and fun
,Recommended,242860,13706853,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,potatoman103021,"Very fun, but if it does not take off, I feel the multiplayer may die within a year. I would reccommend it as long as people are playing it. It should be noted though, this is still a very new game so the problem may just be the community has not fully developed yet."
,Recommended,242860,13707924,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DDS95555,"I spawned, I died, I spawned, I died, I spawned, ran forward got a kill and was imediatly shot in the head, very acurate for WW1. One of the most fun games I have ever played. Community is really helpful and the game is addicting, little rought around the edges but its in early release so im fine with it!10/10"
76561198041239623,Recommended,242860,13708649,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Samaj,Just buy it.  Its truly a great game if not my favorite game of all time.
76561198158853770,Recommended,242860,13721101,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Stary,Awsome WW1 game
76561198055952279,Recommended,242860,13723231,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,dbrign,"Muy bien, me gusta....me gusta mucho"
,Recommended,242860,13724631,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,grannyspanker69,"this game is no for every one. it is pretty much one hit kill and your are using bolt-action rifles. how ever stabing some a&&hole who shot you down 15 time in a row with the mg with a baonete and poison gas, pretty fun."
76561198059498685,Recommended,242860,13725031,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Call of foody,"I honestly cant say enough good things about this game.  it is still in beta, but is still better than some full games i have bought.  more of a teamwork fps apposed to an all skill and level based fps so your not going to be butcherd as much if your new.  i assume there is some more really cool stuff down the pipe line."
76561197986239779,Recommended,242860,13726158,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,{RiP}Aumador,it's a very fun game honestly and it has a lot of potential and is probably the best ww1 game i've played but that being said it does have its flaws as well. I know the game is in its early stages but there are a few things that need to be fixed like the fact that when you look straight up into the sky the game is glitchy and how sometimes the distance can look a little glitchy as well depending on the circumstances but all in all i think this game is definitely worth buying when on sale but i certainly don't think it's worth full value when its at its regular price for a game in its early stages.
76561197962300412,Recommended,242860,13678198,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Capt. Carrier [BlackWatch],"Great game. Tons'o'fun. Better than RO, DODS, etc."
76561198038650649,Recommended,242860,13678598,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,lucacrom,FRESH AS ♥♥♥♥!!!
76561198085253250,Recommended,242860,13680835,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Big Bad Tony Tortellini,"Really great FPS game for people that love history. Verdun is very realistic and has a very tactical feel to it. It's not like a run and gun do what you want call of duty, there's actually consequences and tactics. I would definently reccomend you get it."
,Recommended,242860,13681070,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,oof,"So far so good, controls and gameplay are a little rough but understandable for a early access."
76561198081150043,Recommended,242860,13682986,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TheEnragedMage,"Day 1: On Western Front. I just saw my commander get killed by mustard gas. FMLDay 23 On Western Front: Just saw my one friend get blown up by a bomb.Day 44 On Western Front: My buddy Adolf nearly got shot today. Hes my one friend.Day 65 On Western Front: Got shot in the ankle. Had to amputate but now im back on the front lines.Day 71: Crawled through mud,♥♥♥♥♥♥ mustard gas, bombs, and dead bodies to get to the enemy. Then got shot in the face. 10/10 would suffer for 4 years again"
76561198016037431,Recommended,242860,13684058,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,'97',"This game has so much potency! I bought it in the sale and i enjoyed it from the first moment. The scenery in the game is awesome and gives the player a real oldskool WW1 feeling. The bad thing is, the game is not even close to a complete game that is finished and optimalized for you. Rigth now the game is a bit laggy, the class setup is a bit weird and sometimes the map are so buggy. But that is right now, i can imagine after they have fixed the problems the game will be so awesome. Like shooting in the game, there isn't a better feeling than killing 5 germans who run out of their trench with a MG or sniping an officer in the head while he is calling mortars on your trench!Maybe you shouldn't buy the game right now, but you have to keep an eye on this one.Things i would like to see in the game:- Camouflage, running to the enemy trench is to hard.- Barbed wire, when you touch it for a few seconds you die (Wtf) and its very buggyMayby you guys could you other things in the field like mines, or art. barrages in no-mansland that cause levelution.   Think of bombcraters, barbed wire blown away, sandbags and other cover destroyed.- More weapons, plz more weapons- Other way for class setup, it's a bit indistinct or it is just me- Make some weapons less powerful, like the MG is OP (i can now :P, i like it but i can understand that some players don't). i dont if i like the instakill on all rifles. It is almost chanceless to attack the enemy but if you defend it is easy if you hit them.- New gamemodes, let them be tactical. At the moment there are only 2...well this is a long review...i can go on with the positive things but there to much things i like now.Right now the game is a  6/10 but with all the potention in it, it could become a 8,5/10 maybe 9/10(Plz keep working on the game and fix the low fps thing)"
76561198077884186,Recommended,242860,13667880,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,pugsack,"I absolutly love this game! ever since i played my first shooter I have always wanted a WW1 game and its finaly here! i give this game a 10/10 because yes there are flaws but its still n beta abd they wil be fixed! This is now my all time fave shooter, I love the feeling of panic when a gas attack hits and your in the middle of a fire fight and u have to stop and put on your mask. Its really sets up this nice ambience like your actualy are their! I love verdun and I cant weight to see what comes with the next update! (ps excuse the spelling)"
,Recommended,242860,13828002,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,NightHawk,"Very nice game! There are a few bugs and glitches here and there, but the game is in it's Beta phase. Overall a fun game and will be even better when it is completely finished"
,Recommended,242860,13828949,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sneel,"Well, it looks fun... But its so poorly optimized, i understand it is in early access but optimization is very important, and if a portion of your players cant run the game on the lowest settigns then they wont play it. But none the less its fun if played properly.(Im recomending this game to people with good PC specs)"
76561198053935109,Recommended,242860,13815310,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,KHORNEHOLIO,racked up about 14 hours really really enjoying this game. Its a great idea and for an early access game its in quite a good shape...its not perfect by far but like it says its only in early access but cannot wait for the final game to be finished
76561198084529762,Recommended,242860,13809664,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,LuckySl7vin,"I'm not really sure why I like Verdun so much... when I sit down and think about it there really are not a great many things that Verdun does exceptionally well.   The graphics are outdated (circa PS2), the gameplay is simplistic, and there is almost no RPG-esqe leveling system to speak of.  If you were expecting COD or BF set in WWI, this game will fall woefully short of your expectations.But somehow, after you play a few matches, you start to feel good about what you are doing.  Somehow, after all the deaths from some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sniping you from across the map you want more.  It's a rather strange thing to witness and I haven't fully figured it out.I will say that the community is pretty good for the most part and that the game works-- that is, this isn't the type of game where there are major flaws that make it unplayable.  The devs also seem responsive to the community, although I do not understand why they choose to waste time making worthless christmas mini games instead of dropping some big improvements to the title.All in all, a solid showing for an early access title.  I would reccomend picking up a copy."
,Recommended,242860,13711535,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mild Autism,"A really great game. It is only the beginning of a great game. In the start you kinda have to sit and wait, you´ve only got a webley/luger. If you are into FPS games, i´d recommend this game. In 1 second you are being gased with mustard gas. Oh did i mention you can stab/dash people with your gun? +10"
,Recommended,242860,14083155,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,SHERMAN,"Before you decide to buy this game, consider the following two questions.1. Are you interested in an realistic interpretation of trench warfare during the First World War?2. Do you like 'realism shooters'?If you answer to the first question is no, then don't bother with this game. To sum it up, combat in the trenches involved one side desperately charging over open ground against the enemy's trench under fire from rifles, machine guns and artillery and Verdun does its best to emulate that. The fighting was tooth and nail for even the smallest inch of ground. But if you're answer was yes, then continue reading.This game has very few ""gamey elements"" which affect the gameplay and these are for the most part logical. A minimap tells you where you line is and where your squad leader ordered you to go. The (rarely used) recon planes make a single pass to spot enemies on the minimap. Friendly fire is also disabled, which may be an issue for some players, but besides these examples the majority of the game involves the 'kill or be killed' close quarters fighting of the First World War. Players will have to slug it out with rifles, pistols, melee weapons, grenades and machine guns. Each class(which be level up through experience to unlock alternative loadouts) has a unique loadout and very few (save for the begining ranks of said classes) are generic. Trench raiders for example are usually only are pistol or club and several grenades, whilst heavy machine gunners get only their MG and ammo to protect themselves.The game does have some issues. At the time of writing optimisation is still quite poor with some players having terrible frame rate issues whilst I can get up to 80 frames at certain periods. The sound system in the game is still very simplistic, meaning weapon sounds simply drop in volume at range, meaning that MG firing over there at 300m away sounds more like and MG with a surpressor. The suppression system in the game currently doesn't suffice in my opinion. It seems to just annoy the player rather than scare him into cover, meaning machine guns suffer from ""spot the muzzle flash"" return fire alot. The lack of a server browser make it probablamatic for players outside the Euro/American area (where the majority of servers are based) due to fluctuation ping. Additionally one of the game's greatest strengths (its realism) can be its weakness. In combination with not having a auto-balance the fact that most even numbered teams fight each other to a stand still means that the winning team is usually the one with the most players left after the previous round.Even though this game is not finished I would recommend this to anyone with an interst in this time period and realsim based games. If you answered no to either of the two questions at the start of this review, please stop and think before you buy this.Final note: The game is currently still in development and as a result, so is this review. If my opinions change based on changes to the game, I will update the review accordingly.[Febuary Update] The latest update introduced a new networking bug which severely limits the ability of players with higher ping. This update has since been patched and the ping is  no longer an issue."
,Recommended,242860,13725908,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,RumpleTrollface,Although not played that many hour's I can definitivly say this game has pleased me beyond measure :D10\10 for me
76561198040054317,Recommended,242860,14441793,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,nickster182,"First match I hopped in I felt like I was in the dirt and mud of the Great War. I really like the potential this game possesses. At this current stage it's already decent but givin enough time, devotion from the devs, and backing, it can be amazing. It reminds me alot of Red Orchestra if it had a WWI edtion. However this should be taken with a grain of salt since this game is in Early Access. The game leaves alot to be desired though in terms of visuals, sound eff., and more players. But this isn't a bad thing with where the games at, at the moment. It has huge potential as I said, and if the devs continue to work on this game (which I'm not afraid of looking at their update history) than my 22 dollars have gone a long way for the next year or so, and I'm extremely excited with where this will go. 9/10"
76561198031656735,Recommended,242860,13989849,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Reverend_Gun,"A Welcome change of pace from other FPS games. Something about the inherent pacing of a bolt-action rifle makes the game, while still frantic at times, take on a ""value per shot"" that is just lacking in the usual ""spray and pray"" war games.EDIT:::new engine upgrade makes it....soooo good. Buy. Won't regret."
76561197971627168,Recommended,242860,14182767,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,GentleOne,"Hey all,I aint the man for long reviews but I'll try. First for early access this game is close to release in my opinon you dont get thte feeling that alot is left out , some minor adjustments but nothing game changing at least at the moment.Second this is basicly the first game that can seriously be called a WW1 FPS/Team game. I used to play the Half life 1 mod the trneches and in comparrison this game is awsome. You get to level in rank which works fine and unlock differet gear for your class. As this game is squad based each class has different gear loadouts which come in handy on different maps. Take the sniper on some very close quarters maps you can basicly forget the scope so just select a loadout without and better storm the trenches.The only thing that i currently find a bit stragne is the squad you get ""squad XP"" for playing with any1 and to better your squad you need to play with those players continuesly to accumilate enough squad xp to boost the squad to better lvls which grant you not only visual upgrades sutch as ""late war uniforms"" but more importantly better logistics sutch as improved mortar barrage or deadlier Gas attacks and so on.I think it would be better if you can create a squad and it keeps its name and all the points people that are in that squad ""give"" to it. and if your squad is not in use it just gets sent ""behind the lines"". that would in my opinion be better but hey OK.Last I can say any1 who is interested in WW1 and enjoys those settings should deffently get this game. It is the far best WW1^ground experiance i have had so far.Gentle1"
76561198014737862,Recommended,242860,14184914,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,speck,"Still in development, but community seems nice and devs reply.  Nice bug report system.When you get a decent squad with a NCO that communicates, this is a real fun game. I like that you have to aim properly and theres a bit of panick as you go ""over the top"".  No regrets buying this one, I think it will only get better imo."
,Recommended,242860,14185726,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,DefinitelyNotMLG,"Useless advances towards the enemy, died from chlorine gas. 10/10 just like WW1."
76561197986103766,Not Recommended,242860,14193469,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,bluetarp,"cant believe i just blew 22 bucks on a jogging sim with a screwy aiming system. wait until you shoot somebody 5 times and youll see what im talking about. jog across field, get shot 3 feet from trench, repeat. it really doesnt go much farther than that. save your money. the devs made it look phenomenal, and the sounds are good. but it just doesnt make up for the repetition. save your money, it's nothing like ro2. i actually saw a review that said if you like ro2, you'll like this, so i jumped out the window and i regret it. its NOT like ro2. and you can save your ""because it's ww1""--like i dont know that."
,Recommended,242860,14178439,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Collins,Amazing alternative war game! Hardcore gameplay with realistic damage afflicted by weapons.
,Recommended,242860,14109971,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Entseuchungsführer,"A really great WW1 game, if you like the Red Orchestra series, you absolutely must try it!"
76561198068113930,Recommended,242860,14100519,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,MAD LORD BEEF,"This game is alot of fun, a rare mix of strategy, reflexes and shooting. The atomsphere is great and everything is keep in line with the Great War. At points this game is harrowing and intense and gives a glimpse into the battlefield of World War 1.Would Recommend."
76561198011139061,Recommended,242860,14111367,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,danielghofrani,work is still in progress on this game but my God I argue this is the best shooter released in the past 2 decades. the strategic depth and teamwork aspect really make it what it is. Game needs a good matchmaking system to make it more competitive.
76561198035997724,Recommended,242860,14380797,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Are You Juicing Bro?,"Don't fooled by the game's WWI setting, this game is still as every bit as intense as other FPS's. In fact, its almost refreshing to play in a different setting not really touched upon. And I must say, for an early access game, AND Verdun's use of setting, this game is a damn good one. The devs are keeping up on it and just recently released alot of new features for it, and while yes, it isnt a completed product yet, I still enjoy playing it. A few bugs here and there, mostly cosmetic things, but still very much enjoyable."
,Recommended,242860,14386235,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,sithXterminator,"I bought as I'm not really good at FPS games but this did look promising and boy was I right.everything is awesome in this game, it gets really intense and the tactical way of taking/defending trenches is pretty nice.I find this game alot more satisfying than CoD will ever be10/10"
,Recommended,242860,13634323,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,lolakret,Still in beta but really nice. Minimal bugs and little to no lag.
,Recommended,242860,13634891,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ChaoticFury790,Great WW1 Trench warfare FPS (Really unique I mean come on WW1 FPS how long has it been since we had one of those) I recommend this game who love FPS's in general really and this is one state of the ark Early Access game.
,Recommended,242860,13636604,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Alloysius,Fantastic game!Great fun with friends or solo; love that most guns will kill someone with a single shot.Excellent use of class system and upgrades.Only con is that some games can be one-sided due to no auto-balance.You can have 16 vs 6 or so.Not a major problem however.
76561198024307444,Recommended,242860,13640789,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheJoker,"I don't usually do Beta's. However, I would recommend this game. They are heading in the right direction."
,Recommended,242860,13666747,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sexy McCree,"I don't know if I'd pay 22 dollars for the game in its current state, but considering it's on sale at the time of this review you should definitely pick it up. Really immersivve, plenty of progression without it ever feeling like a grind (ironic since the game is about a meatgrinder), and YOU CAN CALL CHLORINE GAS DOWN ON THE ENEMY TEAM AT LEVEL 5"
76561198027315328,Recommended,242860,13667469,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jaune Arc,"Verdun is just about the best FPS i have played since Halo (CE, 3 were my favorite). This game takes into account something mos games ignore: squads. Battlefield has an OK squad system, but this squad system has something Battlefield doesn't- TEAMWORK. The game forces teams to fight as a team, to take trenches, to defend trenches, and do most fighting. Overwhelmingly, I find this game to be worth playing."
76561198056008104,Recommended,242860,13302330,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Arkangel,"I have played this game for few days now and I can say thats its pretty good. Yes it is still in beta so there are some bugs to fix. Its not a Call of Duty or a Battlefield. Its a WWI trench fight FPS. I hope its doesnt get too big bec it will be full of hackers one day, but for now I love the combat in it. Its a new taste of combat that isnt full address in FPS.  For the price i couldnt pass it up."
76561198101155802,Recommended,242860,13588389,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,olliesnake12,"When ever i play for about 10 minutes a black screen pops up and i can't see, apart from that, a very well developed game."
76561198118919319,Recommended,242860,13589660,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,♕Kaiser Lawrence II.♕,"French forces trying to capture German trenches, bodys everywhere, soon no one is alive, you are alone, you see your troops incoming but they are far away(..)You grab your rifle whit bayonet, CHARGE in the trench shoot all bullets you stab everyone whit your bayonet screaming Viva La France! ! !.Your men are coming, battle is done. And you LOST..10/10"
,Recommended,242860,13728539,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dr. Wingwong,I think it's a very good game my mom told me it was
76561198011916650,Recommended,242860,13729227,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,mr_bubbles,10/10
,Recommended,242860,13291757,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,hugecumman,"If CoD:WaW had less servers and less guns this game would be close to the exact same, its a good game but there is not enough servers"
76561198163674942,Recommended,242860,13274561,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,pepie2009,its a great game! it give a good view of how the battlefield looked and the gamemode is working great with it. only I think the people how unlocked a scope are to overpowerd for the newer players.
76561198116669798,Recommended,242860,13146863,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Eye Of The Liger,"This is a very good game, and is still improving with periodic tweaks and updates (still beta). Its a nice change from world war two and modern warfare games which there are already plenty of. The basic game mechanic involves trying to capture the enemy trenches and defend them from counter attack. If the enemy captures your trench, you counter attack to regain the ground lost. To prevent the game from turning into a call of duty team death match without much organization, you cannot venture out into no man's land if you are on the defence. If you do so, you are executed after a short period of time.You fight as either the Germans, French, British, or Canadians in a squad of four, although there are multiple squads per side in a match. Within each squad are different roles such as officer, rifleman, machine gunner, or grenadier. I'm a bit too lazy to write any more at the moment, but I do recommend this game."
76561198145414092,Recommended,242860,13088500,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,mayday101,"Great game, only going to get better"
76561198076495457,Recommended,242860,13122020,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,flubclub,"Very very good game, even in Beta.  Historically accurate.  Highly recommend."
76561198071132184,Recommended,242860,13136991,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tazaty,"Awesome game, friendly community, very historically accurate, again great game"
,Recommended,242860,13140132,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Atlis,Slap people with binoculars 10/10
,Recommended,242860,13111407,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zeronomus,"Excellent game, great sound, and good graphics. The squad-based teamplay is amazing in my personal opinion. My only issue is the Gas Mask goggles graphic could use some work and the animations very rarely glitch out.Overall a very good game, and I'd recommend fans of tactical or squad-based shooters to pick this title up.I give it a 9 / 10"
76561197970638689,Recommended,242860,11482975,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Danlo,Damn fun this game - despite what it depicts - enjoyed teh games I've played so far and look forward to playing lots more.  The detail and accuracy of teh game is amazing and the game play is wondeful.
76561198104287716,Recommended,242860,13114880,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Memearch the II,"Verdun is probably one of the better Ww1 games out there. While its still in its early stages, it's fast paced, (obviously) historically accurate down to the last button on the uniform, and action packed. Definitley reccomend picking it up."
76561198065382755,Recommended,242860,13115689,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,xDeath1234x,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys historical related video games and first person shooters.This game is heavily based on squad play and that is just fantastic! The realism of the game is superb, with the trenches and barbed wire and artillery.If you are even on the fence about this game a little bit, I say go for it. Even if you don't want it, I still recommend it just because its so amazing!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
76561198037249812,Recommended,242860,13116805,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,The Griddler,great game i love it! recommend to anyone that likes slow paste combat games.
,Recommended,242860,13103595,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ThePaleNeon,Oh my god this is the most intense shooter I have played in a while. It will only get better once the full release comes.
76561198041925011,Recommended,242860,14232678,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kalos,"Very good game, my only complaint is the lack of player sizes per map. This game feels more like a run around style Call of Duty shooter then actual trench warfare, simply because of the limit of players per map. Also, artillery should last longer, and gas should be WAY stronger."
,Recommended,242860,14272069,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,evilnicke8,"SO, i just bought the game today and wow this is an amazing WW1 game. it does have some bugs but it is early access so thats to be expected. All that being said now, i would love for them to put in full controler support and thats all i ask for."
,Recommended,242860,14297801,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TheDukeBoris,"A very good game, still I think that a more Red Orchestra 2 like set of controls would have given the game a far more immersive gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,14299852,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,iEpicness ( THE REAL YNOTT),"When I first bought this game in 2013, it was very laggy, bad support, and very hard to figure out how to play. There was no sort of tutorial or coaching available at the time. But since then the developers have added SO much more. There are tutorials of all kind and a new more friendly interface. Overall I am very pleased with this game."
,Recommended,242860,14220208,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Wobbegong,"Absolutely one of the greatest games I have ever played. If you are looking for a realistic WW1 trench warfare game, this is the one for you. Simplistic yet challenging, it throws you into the game and tells you to push or defend. After about 2 hours, you know where to go, how to go about it, and what will get you shot, and what will get you kills. It's a game of ordered chaos. Plus, I got a 10 killstreak sniping, using a dead horse as cover. Doesn't get much better than that!"
,Recommended,242860,14257599,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,padrino,"This is a great example for an early access game. Features are added constantly in small patches, and bigger patches with major improvements or additions come along quite frequently as well.Aside from that, it is a very solid tactical shooter with a unique setting that can be recommended to any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,242860,14167144,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,gigatwo,"This game is stressful as hell,  but it's also a lot of fun. Obviously there are still some quirks to be worked out visually, and an actual voice chat system would be great, but overall I'm glad I picked this up."
,Recommended,242860,14158791,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Greencar,This game is like next gen cod in ww1 one of the best games i have playd 100/100
76561197970056212,Recommended,242860,13963354,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,thommydogg,"Excellent game, enjoy it more than COD, more of a war game...no run and gun..just good fun. Other players seem respectful...none of the mindless crap you get in the other games. Early Access or not, I LOVE this game, if this isnt the finished product, I can't wait for the finished...one thing I would love to see is maybe some sniper only maps...no crossing...hunker and kill..other than that I got nothing but praise for this game"
,Recommended,242860,8600228,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,CRF Petkovic,"Before I didn't like this game much , but now that changes were made and bugs were fixed , it became a really good game , great potential when it's beta ends , worth buying it!"
,Recommended,242860,14346323,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Bloodyknives66,"The game needs a little polishing but as of now it's a really fun game. There's not much negative things I can say other than I would like if there were more weapons for free and I think it would be better to have a little bit more difference in class. Right now the only difference is one class might have a pistol and the other just a rifle, or just a rifle and grenades. Also I haven't been about to figure out if there is a team chat option? You can type to your team and everyone but if you could talk with your mic this game would be a thousand times better. All in all it's a work in progress very good game worth the money you will have a lot of fun playing this."
,Recommended,242860,14000221,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Incognito,"This game is a great WWI fps. The only complaint that comes to mind is the class system. Rather than choosing freely on what class you want to be you have to chose whatever class is left in a squad. So if you want to be a gunner, and thats what you've been working on the most and are the best at, and its taken. Than you're just SOL for that server unless you join another squad. It would be more convenient if you could have be what you wanted in the squad regardless of what everyone else is in the squad. It's tolerable though and it definately doesn't take from the game almost at all. Overall worth the money."
76561198098515469,Recommended,242860,14000418,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,JustDan,"Verdun is the only WWI FPS game that has ongoing development, this last patch (15.01.2015) has massively improved the look and feel of the game, also the performance, easily getting 60FPS+ on ultra settings whilst doing background things on PC aswell.Definately buy this game, not only for the gameplay but the community also, you may learn a few things here and there whitch is always fun!"
76561198021390239,Recommended,242860,14002875,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Broseph Stalin,"One of the only WW1 FPS games, and done surprisingly well too. Very enjoyable, and am excited to see the final product once it is out of Beta."
76561198049006079,Recommended,242860,14024541,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ParksAndWreck,"This is a good game with a great idea, but it is in beta so dont expect a WWI red orchestra yet. hopefully they unlock the 30fps on the game soon, but if you want a WWI shooter this is a great game that needs a few more improvements #EpicEvanCertified"
76561198033034282,Recommended,242860,14028060,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[TS] Stalin,"Sneak through what seems like miles (or kilometres, I'm not bias) of mud, water and dead horses just to get killed by a grenade. Biggest anti-climax but the thrill of the sneak keeps me going. 10/10"
76561198007708495,Recommended,242860,13910819,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,VegasMike,"LSD Simulator 10/10 would drop againLook up at the sky, my mind starts trippin- a tear drops my eyeseriously look at the sky, its like woodstock in the 60's all over again.Game has potential to be awesome, some glitches but its beta- need teamwork to get anywhere.  Hit box is jacked but playable.Advice to devs- more maps with less ""no mans land to cross""  everyone seems to love the scrap in the trench but gets frustrated if people are slowly picking each other off the six minutes going back and forth.Overall this game is a ton of fun."
76561198131526651,Recommended,242860,13914986,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,jamievgibson,I appreciate it is only a beta but some of the faults with squads are not beeing fixed quick enough. i have been playing the game and ranking up using the diffrent classes but not beeing able to play with friends is a real kill joy. please fix asap thanks
76561198008855934,Recommended,242860,13936828,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,CountArach,"This game is utterly superb, and comfortably one of the better FPS I've played in recent times. Think Battlefield but with much more emphasis on tactic and teamwork. The game is naturally harder for whichever side is attacking at any given point and only a team that works together will be able to take the opposing trench. Thankfully I've noticed that large parts of the (largely mature) community are willing to accept this and ensure that teams work together.The switching from attack to defence mechanic works extremely well and it is only rare for your team to be doing very well and suddenly have to switch from attack to defence. It also ensures a nice balance in what you have to do. Sometimes you will have to sit back and wait for the enemy to come to you and sometimes you will have to be charging across no-man's-land hoping that there isn't a sniper pointing at you. You will die, and you will die a lot in this game but it is the only FPS I've played where KDR doesn't feel like everything. For example, I've had games as the squad leader where I've been one of the top scorers without killing a large number of people and with a KDR below 1:1. I got my points by setting up just outside the opponent's trench and having my teammates spawn off me. In this way the scoring system works really well to ensure that team players are suitably rewarded.The game is still in beta and thus there are some small glitches. It is also in need of optimisation, so you may not be able to play on the graphics level that you should be able to without stuttering. These are only minor concerns, however, and ultimately the game is as polished as any beta I've played.Overall: 9/10 and 10/10 once the few glitches are fixed."
76561198073116397,Recommended,242860,13939884,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,williamc132,this is a great world war 1 game it is a great ww 1 simulation where you choose to lead or follow if you are a world war 1/2guy or girl this is for you it re makes t5he world war with weapons and bombs enjoy
76561198032716831,Not Recommended,242860,14067275,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Johnny Sins | Gamdom.com,This is a very fun game but dont buy it in beta. This game was made by 3 people and its amazing but its not worth 20 dollars
76561198080183716,Recommended,242860,13989245,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Yung Boi,can i sniper?
76561198058586616,Recommended,242860,7666791,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Romer0#=,amazing WW1 game all though its a beta(looks like red orchestra 2)buy it it worth evry cent :)
,Recommended,242860,14034764,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Marcus Licinius Crassus,"It looks pretty good for an early access game and surely after new update it is even better, if you want the test your skills in trenchs of the Great War then this is your game"
,Recommended,242860,14036093,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Orange Submarine,AWESOME
76561197968640609,Not Recommended,242860,14038195,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Lacey,"There are no WWI games out there, so this was a refreshing change of pace. The FPS and hit registration are absolutely terrible, but it was still fun. Sometimes your shots hit and the FPS is clear, sometimes not. The worst part is knowing that when I go 10 or 20 or 30-1 K:D, it likely is not a manifestation of my skill, but instead just means the other team's shots are not registering.tldr; I would not tell a friend to get this game."
,Recommended,242860,14104028,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Dj Tomato,"This game is a perfect replica of ww1 i wish they add american soliders also perfect gas mechcanics graphics and a great feel to the ""war to end all wars"""
,Recommended,242860,13620076,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Trump It Up,This game made me wonder why I wasn't in the actual WWI!
76561198028829590,Recommended,242860,13620666,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,randomtask777,"With 6 hours under my belt, Im impressed for a beta. Feels pretty solid, and the aiming is fun yet challenging, all along with a wide variety of weapons, tactics, and classes"
,Recommended,242860,8642258,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,linuxpunk,"This is a great shooter, with great game mechanics. The developers have added a lot to the game in the year I've had it. If you like historical FPS like Red Orchestra, this is for you."
76561198083018998,Recommended,242860,13621471,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Buttmuncher,"Just awesome, I killed someone with a shovel in a cloud of mustard gas."
76561198027025456,Recommended,242860,13623737,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kharior,"A great game that fairly accurately portrays the ""Great War"". It still has some faults but being that it isn't complete, I can live with it."
76561197979797269,Recommended,242860,13620033,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Klendathu,"I just love the concept!I've been waiting for a WW1 shooter for ages!Verdun has a lot of potential, and I can't wait to see the finished product!But several things are still missing:* Destructible environment, during WW1 no man's land would be turned inside out and upside down after a battle or an artillery barrage. Trees blown to bits, trenches destroyed and barbed wire fences shot to hell.* Blood and Gore, this was most memorable about the trench war. Of the stories that reached home none were as awful as the ones of dead soldiers lying in no man's land who were blown to little pieces.* Massive battlefield, I hope to see larger maps and more players on it.* Key points, the infamous machinegun-nests for example.So far I think this game is great, and Verdun is a pioneer in its genre.But I also hope to see the previously mentioned features in the future.Hopefully I'm not too demanding :p"
,Recommended,242860,13625012,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gypsy,"This game is probably one of the best shooters I own. The immersive feel of trench warfare recreated in Verdun combined with the run and gun styles of Call of Duty, yet reminscent of Red Orchestra make the gmae feel like a large tense tug of war."
76561197961257872,Recommended,242860,13625307,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ReverendSonna,"From what I've played so far, its actually OK. Would prefer proper trench warfare (like you see in the films I suppose) and more players in any one instance."
,Recommended,242860,13625477,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Doc,"Very fun to play, historically accurate, guns are not 100% accurate either which puts both you and your enemy at the same level, its a fun progressive game with lots of potential. 10/10 would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,242860,13626661,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Trevor,"I love this game. I've had it on my Wishlist for a while now, and when I saw that it was $8 on sale, I had to get it.The game plunges you into the trenches of WW1, and alternates between attack and defense phases. When defending, you hide in your trench, peak over, and put a bullet into the chest of the incoming attackers. When attacking, you run and hide until you reach the enemy trench, then you dive in and begin to slaughter."
,Recommended,242860,9865245,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,[104th] J. Bailey,"Outstanding game , a few glitches here and there but hopefuly that will be fixed in the alpha , but over all totaly reccomend it for history people who like first person shooters with team based stragety ."
,Recommended,242860,9902370,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Duke of Judea,A Red 0rchestra like FPS that focus on WW1.Must have for red orchestra/Realism shooter fans!
,Recommended,242860,10266448,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Xerromace,"Just got this game and can allready say; it's deffently one of the best FPS I have tryed in a long time after my oppion, I love the athmosphere and relasme it feels like beeing in the tranches.I will highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,242860,10374967,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nebson,great first person shooter to play by yourself our with friends
,Recommended,242860,7446887,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Julian Towers,"This game is a First Person Shooter set around the First World War, it is a bit niche. But if like the setting you will love this game."
,Recommended,242860,32764030,Posted: 25 June,all,Rad3x,It's a great and historically accurate World War 1 FPS Experience.People in this community aren't toxic like any other game.I luv it <3
,Recommended,242860,32768159,Posted: 25 June,all,AUSSIE AUSSIE AUSSIEskinsjar.com,AWESOMMEEEE LOVE IT!!!
76561198010160917,Recommended,242860,19936668,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Steven Seagull,I have a high-end system but this game I have to run on lowest graphics to not have micro lags.Therefore the game is ugly or unplayable due to the unusable engine/technology for this kind of game.80% of the time you have to watch the screen from 5cm (2 inch) distance and hunt for pixels.Update: I have the same config and seems the performance issues have been resolved.
76561198040789501,Not Recommended,242860,26414106,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kahawai,This is a fun game but bacuse of where i live i can never get rid of the lag 7/10
76561198114028967,Recommended,242860,32800042,Posted: 25 June,all,lord cancer,one of the few and best ww1 games out there
,Recommended,242860,32791465,Posted: 25 June,all,Conquérant,"Verdun is a very well developed world war 1 fps game. It has realistic weaponry, and is enjoyable overall. I strongly recommend you play this game."
76561197972844396,Recommended,242860,32710785,Posted: 23 June,all,Conatus,"I found the game to be great fun, but your mileage will vary depending on your thoughts about some very crucial characteristics this game puts out as selling points.* As close to 100% historical accuracy as you're getting. Gun balance is reflective of the balance between firearms between nations. They're largely around equal, but everyone plays on different grounds where one nation might have specialized over another. Additionally, bullets of all sorts kill you very quickly 1-2 shots. Never more.-A subpoint to this: this is taken to wonderful lengths, there is a very large amount of gun variety.* Trench gunplay. Run and gunning can work, but only with players of much higher skill with those of lower, between equals of any sort you will, most assuredly, die. In order to succeed, you must move cautiously with sound, visibility, and map awareness in mind.* Trench mode. The mainstay of the game and its strongest mode, in my opinion. Positioning is crucial and defending and attacking can be intense in games where both teams are active with good players, however negligence on a commander's or gunner's part can quickly turn what would be fun into a slog where one team just gets utterly trounced. It nominally is played well, but this is something that happens often enough for me to take note of. It follows a format of attack, counterack, attack, etc. where whoever secures the most ground wins.* Consistently around 1-3 server's-worth of players, more with sales. The game is by no means massive; it's no CoD, so you should be ready in the event that nobody is on at certain times. The game isn't dead, that's not to say, it's just a reality of playing a hardcore indie shooter.If those sound like your cup of tea, a hardcore shooter with a focus on realism and accuracy with cyclical gameplay where teams take turns, then this will be fun. But if you need constant action or are seeking a more competitive experience, this may not be the game. When the game is on sale for cheap, I'd advise even the hesitant to give it a chance."
,Recommended,242860,32850590,Posted: 27 June,all,Render Baron,"The only game I enjoy playing online. The community is great, made mostly by mature gamers.The game itself is Very atmospheric. I went for it after reading several books about WW1, and it captures the spirit of the war wonderfully, as far as I can tell. The gameplay has a very 'assaulty' and ferocious feel to it, desperate and grim. While WW2 shooters feel 'sporty' and are all politically skewed, Verdun places you in a field where every faction is equally miserable and worth of compassion. You fight because of the logic 'eat or be eaten', rather than any ideological drive, which is exactly the feeling described by history.No faction or player can be overpowered and survival and score really depend on smart and planned movement. So if you get shot, there is room for thinking and making a better move next time.The average weapon is unwieldy and slow, and thinking always gives you an advantage over indiscriminate shooting.The soldiers' roles are very specific and interesting, inviting to experiment with loadouts and squad types.Verdun is a very high quality idea and game, all in one. Entertaining, artistic and history rich at the same time, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,32864139,Posted: 27 June,all,Annoyal,"Im a simple man, I see flying limbs and dying people in the first world war, I give good review"
,Recommended,242860,32869407,Posted: 27 June,all,Meme Kaiser,Just pure fun.
76561198053264108,Recommended,242860,32872263,Posted: 27 June,all,Naraiwë (>‿◠)✌,BOOM
,Recommended,242860,32870180,Posted: 27 June,all,Danakin,Feels like authentic WW1 warfare.
76561198120675766,Recommended,242860,32830800,Posted: 26 June,all,Woubit,"Would be 10/10 but for some reason soldiers in this game insist on finishing reloading their gun before making a melee attack, and refuse to stop halfway through... 9/10"
76561198168585977,Recommended,242860,32844746,Posted: 26 June,all,lalo4427,very good game
,Recommended,242860,32846310,Posted: 27 June,all,Bel,"Great gameMakes for a nice change from all the Middle East themed shooters, particularly the ones with tons of assist features and futuristic♥♥♥♥♥♥Particularly great atmosphere which, coupled with the brutal gameplay, makes for a very immersive experienceThe only issue I'd say is that there's slightly not enough playersSo please get this game, particularly while it's on sale, it's worth every penny, and it's a great deal of fun!"
,Recommended,242860,32844831,Posted: 27 June,all,✪ Pluto,GG
,Recommended,242860,20461258,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BetterPizzaBetterPastaPapaJohns,"From my experience, Verdun is a very polarizing game in terms of who likes it. I have many friends who play games just like it, but can't get into it (probably because they are bad at it), and then I have friends who play it just as much as I do. I must admit, in the beginning it may seem like you are playing a less than favorable game, as you will endure many deaths after getting shot from who knows where. Once you get a feel for the game, you will be able to not only survive, but distinguish targets from the same distance they hit you and finally get your revenge. The game is balanced enough where they can balance out the usual long range tempo with sudden and unpredictable outbursts of close range combat which is where most people find their favorite aspects of the game. The classes are very balanced and are available to all players (no stupid grinding to rank up is required in order to use flame throwers or mortars). Plus, there is a class which gives you only a shovel and a crapton of grenades, so that's fun too. I would definetly reccomend the game, but only if you are reasonably sure you could enjoy something that is actually challenging."
,Recommended,242860,32865664,Posted: 27 June,all,Sabotage,It's good
,Recommended,242860,32902811,Posted: 27 June,all,RG55,Gud game
76561198094437143,Recommended,242860,32912287,Posted: 27 June,all,Borknado,"lots of scots, gg 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,24804789,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,FredFerguson,Stayed behind enemy lines and put a foothold overtime on there defense and then let them have the trench and i had over 200 seconds on the execution timer in there trench.10/10-Skyrim was released with more bugs then this.
,Recommended,242860,24960964,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,funky monkey,"Well done FPS with WW1 Setting,realistic combat and great atmosphere,fair amount of content for 20 bucks."
76561197977105555,Recommended,242860,24926737,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,kn-_-wn,this is what a war game should feel like.
76561198081327319,Recommended,242860,24939734,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Rolland,16/20. Very ♥♥♥♥ing gooood...
,Recommended,242860,24943198,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,I'm Pann,"great game tons of action and a good pace to combat, get it"
76561198072421595,Recommended,242860,24196951,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,allen le amlond,its ok 7/10
,Recommended,242860,23967900,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,chief nignög,"To win a game instantly, Simply do this cheat code:X + 5 + 1 repeatedly"
,Recommended,242860,24965941,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Posh Crustacean,"Amazing game overall!Pros:-World War One-Great combat-MELEE (Mr.Melee is me)-Realism-One shot kills with rifles-Squads-Fun-Historically AccurateCons:-Barbed wire-SOME ♥♥♥♥♥♥ people-Spawnkill simulator-Rage.pngOverall fun game, however I get disconnected after EVERY map change on all game mods. I will not play the game until it's fixed."
,Recommended,242860,26424194,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Scottseagles,I love this game!!!!
76561198237171126,Recommended,242860,26425451,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,MingerMan,i love this game but its not worth thew price
,Recommended,242860,26401610,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ADM. Whitehorne,"Whether you're a WW I enthusiast, or you just love great FPS action, Verdun has your back."
76561198140450426,Recommended,242860,26449864,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Waffenϟϟ-Standartenfurhr3r,Verdun is a realistic FPS and Historically accurate game based In The great war (World war 1)this is game is a absoulette blast if you enjoy tatical fps games and if you have played red red orchestra and enjoyed it give this game a try i rate it 8/10
76561198074468759,Recommended,242860,26457117,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jay-The-Bookworm,10/10 would have 6 people with shovels beat me to death in a cloud of chlorine gas again.
76561198121220908,Recommended,242860,24816463,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Augustus Gloop,Yes this is quite a fun game I would buy it if you are looking for a realistic First World War shooter.(PS) You're going to die alot in the begining not matter what you do or do not do.
76561197964672881,Recommended,242860,26425885,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Hail,"Awesome, awesome game. Slow paced, reminds me of Red Orchestra 2.If you like hardcore type FPS's and historical FPS's this is for you."
76561198019686655,Recommended,242860,14997898,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,๖ۣۜS3XY๖ۣۜKI113R,excelent
76561198102767562,Recommended,242860,14147768,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Squirrel Fungus,"Every time I see barbed wire, I flinch now.Thanks Verdun.10/10 ♥♥♥♥ing sick of barbed wire"
76561197969919742,Recommended,242860,15053668,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Lt.Upham,AAA++++!!!! NO OTHER GAME LIKE IT.
76561198156036005,Recommended,242860,13770843,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ForFasha_1920,"Although fun i find that this is unplayable with the mac computer, expect crashes every match and having to restart the whole computer al over again, glitches are also common. I would recommend it but it has a whole lot of problems."
,Recommended,242860,14943262,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Aloysius Teapot,"Verdun, just like WW 1, welcomes you to the great stalemate.If you start off on defense, be ready. It will not be long until you see waves of enemies coming right at you, sprinting like mad while you try your best to lead them, call down mortars or gas, or lob grenades accurately. All the while, for every enemy soldier you see, you know deep down that there are three you don't. Where are they? Do THEY see YOU? Do you risk popping your head up to blow the pulp out of an enemy, unsure whether or not your enemy is waiting the blow the pulp out of you? Do you go out to the juts and extensions out of your trench; you will see the enemy better, but those juts out are fire magnets, is it truly worth it? Either way, you cannot stop them all. Enemy officers WILL call down artillery and gas, soldiers will hide or kill defenders fast enough, and soon you will begin to see them sweep down your trench like a raging river. Trenches become hallways of death; officers ordar shells dropped on their own lines while rienforcements from both sides pile in and add to the body count. Grenadiers go wild and the rifleman quickly falls to the pistoleer...usually.When the time comes to attack, things are just as bleak. Though the surge of the charge and the squeal of the officer's whistle flow through your blood like fire, the splendor soon wears off as you begin to see--and hear--your comrades slump over, dead. Those craters only seem inviting until you see another of your soldiers die before your eyes; do you risk it and run like hell through the crater in search of better hiding spots, or do you stay where you are and hope you're not next? Some stay back to try and offer aid; officers call down arty and gas in a pathetic attempt to clear an opening. One will be found, but how many must die first? Now comes the truly hard part: holding the trench. No easy task as grenades are thrown out like candy at a holiday parade. Was that ""clatter-clatter"" a friendly grenade? Worry still, as enemy mortars drop right on top of you as  they pound their own trench with reckless abandon. Machine gunners charge down the trenches in both directions spraying fire they cannot control, and quite frankly do not need to.The winners are the ones who lost slightly fewer soldiers."
76561198083717908,Not Recommended,242860,15014205,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,crazycow78,"the concept is great, as what little game play i could get out of it was super fun.  However this being said, the game crashes everytime i try to join a game, one time wiping my entire hardrive. This has nothing to do with my computer, as there are many people who have this problem.  I would currently NOT purcahse this game until this issue is fixed, however I am looking forward to when i can play it again."
76561198234335292,Recommended,242860,30639786,Posted: 20 March,all,DoinkerDave,Sehr gutes Spiel eine nette Arbeit gute Entwickler!
,Recommended,242860,30640377,Posted: 20 March,all,CrObInStInE,This is one of the most polished classic war games I have played. If you enjoy the classic gore of limbs getting blown off. This is the one for you.
,Recommended,242860,19498164,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Smelly Potato,"I'm recommending this game soley because of its uniqueness.The thing that hinders this game the most though is it never reaches the scale it needs to be a immersive WW1 game. Bots should've been added (in leue of a higher, MUCH higher player count) so that it isn't a complete meat grinder for those attacking and a snipe-fest for those defending. There's never an ""over the top"" moment in this game, there are simply not enough people supported in the main game mode.This is a Great War themed* shooter, but is not realistic in the sense of how trench warfare actually worked. In fact quite a bit of this game is not much more than an arcade shooter. Once you get a keen eye for the enemy, you'll be killing with ease. But the actual gameplay leaves a lot to be desired. Regardless, is still a fun game, though how arcade-y it is makes for very few memorable moments.7/10 overall"
76561198182034774,Recommended,242860,19417868,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lunar Wolves,"FPS games doesn't get more deadly & exciting than Verdun IMO. This is not a COD ""modern future super duper advaced"" war with a bunch of fancy tactical attachments and high tech wiz-bangs that shoot through walls & around corners, and not for the faint of heart. This is a hard core crawl though the mud & trenches of WW I with only your single action bolt rifle for  a friend, while getting gassed and mortered constantly & trying not to get mowed by MG nests or caught up in razor wire (which is also deadly if you move around too much). Teamwork within your squad and faction is a must if you have any chance of victory/survival.  All and all a very rewarding FPS experience for those sick of the same ol' same old, the first and only of it's kind in the FPS genre."
76561198160224716,Recommended,242860,30633389,Posted: 20 March,all,andrerenatobarreto,"I like the game, people compare it a lot with BF1 when they shouldn't, one is... like all BF's just in WW1 era, Verdun tries to  give u a taste of how trench warfare was like, and thats a plus for me.Verdun is more of a niche product, aimed at those that want realism in a game, graphics and sound are good, but not great, squad sistem is well made, and has some historical accuracy in both squads and weapons.Problems I have with the game:Arty has issues, if im prone inside a trench I expect to survive an arty shell that landed outside the trench, and that does not happen, if feel like there is no diference if u are inside a trench or not, damage is the same in or out of cover.There is no autobalance on teams, at first this seems good, no one likes to be forced to change team and weapons, but what happens is that u only get 2 kind of games, full matches or unbalanced teams.The game tries to balance teams by lowering points to the overpowered teams and asking ""please"" to the overpowered team players to change teams... this obviously fails because u are asking people to change to LOSING team, what happens most of the times is that instead of balancing the teams, the players on the weaker team starts leaving because the overpowered team does not want to stop being overpowered...Its like the developers of the game never played an online game before.I would give in a 1 to 10 scale a 7 on his way to 8.The game is fun, needs some work, but fun"
76561197994737067,Recommended,242860,30639547,Posted: 20 March,all,clarebear,"excellent feel for the trenches in the Great War,only played squad defense finding  it difficult in the later waves,but extremely  tense and exciting.bear in mind this game is multiplayer only."
76561198066395583,Recommended,242860,15722818,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Dea,lgt world war 1 trench game 10/10 would buy again
76561198013224674,Recommended,242860,19482936,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tyroneisover9000,"Great game, gritty intense action, not a rough learning curve, there is bullet drop and most rifles dont have scopes so you will need to learn how to fire over distances and up hills. Very interesting way of setting up the capture points on the map you will have some matches that literally dont progress more than a trench or 2 and others where youll push and be pushed all over the map. Would definitely say pick this up if you like old school FPS games before the days of aimbots and people throwing grenades as through they were superman."
,Not Recommended,242860,17381776,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Spook,"Good idea carried out poorly. Unstable framerate and repetitive, confusing gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,19585682,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,✘ EDGRRRR ✘,"Lovely Game, Could Play all day, Little bit buggy here and there, but all round good game, great bit of fun, developers put alot of effort into researching, game is historically correct, thumbs up for me, definitely reccomended"
,Recommended,242860,19541641,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SWAGMUNCH3R,Swag
,Recommended,242860,19539306,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dojo,its a fun game. But gets boring after a while
76561198051296975,Recommended,242860,19301039,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Wizard General,"Best game of this genre by far that I have ever played. This captures the realism of Trench Warfare as well as its struggles, while making it an epic and awesome game. The squad system is complicated and could use a little tutorial to understand but that does not effect the core gameplay. In short, this game is awesome and i recommend this game to anyone who likes history, shooters, and strategy."
76561197995687649,Recommended,242860,8186355,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Blue Ranger,"Even though it's only in its beta right now, I can tell you it will be a very good game. The gameplay is like nothing in the history of WWI games. It captures every horrifyingly, cool part of this war. The only bad things I have found is the graphics( like I said it's in beta) and the price is a little steep. Overall very good game.7/10"
,Recommended,242860,16361838,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pandi | hellcase.com,Probaby one of the best trench games out there! So realistic!
,Recommended,242860,19300503,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Slugger,"Great game to play, with or without friends."
,Recommended,242860,19299673,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,[The Society] McPlebby,"I really like the way this game was thought out. There are huge battles across open fields and in the trenches of Western Europe. I personally really like this game because I'm a huge fan of World War II first person shooters, so why not try out a World War I shooter? I think it's pretty epic if you ask me. The only cons to this game is that it is very poorly optimized and does require a good CPU to play it. I have an AMD Athlon x4 II 645 clocked at 3.1 GHz with 4 cores. It always stutters and I get frames in the teens and 20s. I just ordered an AMD FX 6300 in hopes of much better performance mostly in the Battlefield franchise. I know it's not my GPU because I just bought it (GTX 960) and works good with all other games, my CPU just slows me down most of the time."
76561198156473262,Recommended,242860,30627896,Posted: 19 March,all,mcdanielfour,Love this game! I have had since it first came out and it never got old!
,Recommended,242860,19375639,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,1akula1,Only ww1 shooter i know. Its pretty good.
,Recommended,242860,13611254,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cpl. Svenson [29ID],"My previous review for this game was negative, due to some real issues that made the game feel more like  Counter Strike: Trench Edition than actual WW1. This has since been worked on a lot by real passionate developers who seem to really care for the game, I've even seen some of them ingame a couple of times, just messing around.In a world where the only thing that seems to matter in gaming is action and money, Verdun really brings some freshness into the FPS genre. It has slow pace, and high pace, both in good doses. Dying has consequences for your team, but it isn't punished by tickets, and you're quickly back in the mix with little hassle.The game feels great, other than some clunky suprression mechanics. The guns do a lot of damage, and feel very nice to shoot. Automatic weapons are good, but fairly balanced with complete bonkers recoil that makes the (VERY LARGE) selection of rifles really fun to use.The graphics have improved a lot as well since my last review, with the new gore functionality being simply superb.I can wholeheartedly recommend this game now that it has been worked on so much. Especially since BF1 just recently butchered the WW1 setting so hard that it makes me cry, Verdun is a real joy to play."
,Recommended,242860,19431193,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[OAG-HGM] MadWerld,This game is good. 14/11 would see if I can drown again.
76561198203145409,Recommended,242860,19429606,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Chase,"Very fun and interesting game.  You will start by only wanting to play for 20 minutes, but you look at your phone and you've been playing Verdun for hours.Pros: Very fun, if you like history... BUY THIS GAME!!!Cons: Requires patience, one shot one kill with rifles, and a whole lot of raging8/10"
76561198062958521,Recommended,242860,19377339,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,IM DEUNK,Great game for all you fans of FPS games and War games.
,Recommended,242860,30631619,Posted: 20 March,all,BootParty,"Man oh man, the devs are doing a really great job with this game. At first it was clunky and unoptimized, but addictive enough to call fun. The devs listened to the community, keep tabs with us and took in our feedback. Within a year(?) or so, they added newer factions, GORE(which everyone was asking for, not for a gib-fest, but to add to the immersion), gas(which is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome to fight in/call in). I haven't played it in a while, but today when I started it up I noticed they further tweaked things like body physics, and movement, and god damn does this game get smoother and smoother.♥♥♥♥ BF1, this game is far more entertaining, at a more affordable price. Don't think, just buy this game. I'm sure the devs are gonna blow us away with even more content, and I wholeheartedly am looking forward to it.Speaking of heart, this game isn't for the faint of it. You will die. A lot. A. Lot. Among the heaped up bodies of your friends and foes, clutching at your own throat as the blood gushes forward from it, while you lay in a pool of your friends blood, next to his friends severed hand.I hope this review really puts into perspective how ♥♥♥♥ing great this game is, just buy it dudes."
76561198062909366,Recommended,242860,19384658,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,glue man,good game
76561198118342376,Recommended,242860,19410939,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,King derper1,"The death and destruction of the trenches is real, snipers, LMG gunners and riflemen lurk in every hole, Watch and shoot watch and shoot."
76561198007210100,Recommended,242860,19436550,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MadMartigan,Verdun tries to depict WWI trench battlestyle and does a good job but needs more content and improve the performance
76561198220169297,Recommended,242860,19451584,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Roderick Pinglesnatch,"If you're looking for a good shellshock simulator,look no further than Verdun.This game has some of the best trench warfare i've found in a game so far.Definetly worth the money if you're tired of the same WWII and futuristic warfare.Can't Wait to see how far this game will come."
,Recommended,242860,11108590,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Blast_Them,Brilliant! Really invites patience and stratergy to a Multiplayer FPS
,Recommended,242860,19461460,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,chromo,"This game gets me slightly more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than csgo, 10/10"
76561198143839562,Recommended,242860,19461578,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Colonel Klink,"Stunning! Having a deep interest in the wars I had been in search of a good WWI FPS game. I bought verdun as soon as it was relesed, best game purchase I have made. Great attention to detail with maps and weapons, along with contining support from the developers. If you are on the fence, get this game now and you will not be disappointed!"
76561198048708499,Recommended,242860,18779143,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Shamash,"This game is really amazing. It's much fun and can be hard at times. I really like that it's a WW1 for once. Sadly, it has begun lagging a lot lately and it's almost unplayable for me, which is very sad as i really like this game. It can be a problem in my end tho.I still recommend buying this game, if you enjoy fps games in general. It's a lot of fun to play either with friends or alone :)"
76561198124006917,Recommended,242860,19317860,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,G.S.S AGENT KOULIKOV,its very good ww1 based fps(soooooooooooooooooo gooood)
76561198142402372,Recommended,242860,19318188,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,NarkShark,"This game is awesome, but its hard to find out the controls but when you rember them its sooooooo fun! I love WW1 history if you love WW1 history like I do, you should get it."
76561198114453371,Recommended,242860,30629292,Posted: 19 March,all,Robert E Lee,"In a 2v2 I killed someone 4 times in a row before someone else joined, he then spent the next 4 matches(each one being a half an hour to an hour long) typing vigourusly about how I was hacking and blaming me for rise of Trump and the formation of Israel. 10/10"
76561198092896655,Recommended,242860,19323189,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,CHAMBER255,I think the game is great but I run on a mac so its laggy :(
,Recommended,242860,30621107,Posted: 19 March,all,Jlussiana,accidentally left hadphones on full. now have ptsd. 10/10
76561198003953215,Recommended,242860,11459592,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,slayerofchips,This game is very challeging and very fun. Due to most everyone having a rifle it turns into this tense mid-range sniper battle were you have to be quick to take out the enemy before they take you out... one wrong move and Blam your dead!
76561198050703771,Recommended,242860,19208565,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Gibby,Purty Good
76561198136632224,Recommended,242860,30624316,Posted: 19 March,all,sackachip,my favorite fps!!!
,Recommended,242860,16901337,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,PicnicSkaNk,Simply yes
76561198007530537,Recommended,242860,15802114,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Hanrahan,You see a German approaching.He sees you.You both have a ten shot magazine.You shoot at each other.You both miss your ten shots.You run out of the Trench.You club him to death with your binoculars.10/10
76561198070038940,Recommended,242860,19207457,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Guy LeDouche,"commander orders a chargeme friend joins the assault, i go in a bomb crater and lay supressing fire with the lewis guncapture a trench, see friend off in the distancesuddenly a mustard gas cannister hits the trenchcries of ''gas boys!'' and men choking fill the airfriend gets taken out by the gas, dosent know the key for his maskend up contratcing trench foot from hiding in the flooded bomb crater all day15/10"
76561198194311333,Recommended,242860,26201256,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,kingofcats,its purdy good
,Recommended,242860,19400487,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hecate,"Where to begin? I've played around 16 hours of Verdun and I have to say I'm thoroughly impressed. It's a great squad based game set during WWI (no, that's not a typo). I have always felt that WWI was a underrepresented part of history, at least when it comes to games. I mean what fun is a game where poking your head out the trenches only to instantly get your brain matter splattered on the person next to you? As made evident by this game: loads of fun. It's has a nice squad mechanic with different classes depending on the type of squad, which might have you forgetting that the squad you just joined is worthless for your playstyle.The learning curve is steep, but as long you don't mind getting bad stats for the first hours of the game (how many depends on your luck and skill) it's not daunting.However, there are clear but few problems. The squad system provides variation but the UI wasn't as intuitive as it probably should be by now. Progression felt unnatural and is missing a vital feature. The feature to customize and predetermine squad preferences (class, and weapons) without entering a game needs to be there. But I think it's on the way at least.As for optimization. Well, I played the game on two rigs, one with GTX 660ti and one with GTX 970 and it felt adequate. There were some stutter (more on the 660ti but not much more). Might be a problem with the servers or the net code. If so hopefully it will get better with time.TL;DR:The good:Great atmosphereA lot of immersionSlow shooter which is frustrating at times but always twice as rewardingRealistic in a good wayClasses made sense and felt variedWeapons have that great heavy feel (which is something that at least tricks me into feeling it's realistic but I don't know much about weapons from that era).The bad:UI needs to be clearerProgression management in main menu is missingTendency for uneven matches rather than even onesThe ugly:Optimization and/or servers/netcode improvement. In a multiplayer FPS frames are key. Nothings more frustrating when the games stutters and that gets you killed. This doesn't happen that often. But it shouldn't happen regularly if you computer is over recommended specs and your connection is good.Despite it's flaws it's a great addition to the online FPS family, a game who celebrates realism, immersion and tactics."
76561198070848710,Recommended,242860,19350364,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,L. Ron Hubbard,feels like it was made in blender. change the engine and you will have a good game.
76561198138675423,Recommended,242860,15505932,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Sunny Smiles,"This Is a great game, although it has some flaws!I was curious as to what a WW1 FPS was like and ended up here and i am glad i did. This game certainly delivers a WW1 experience. The Game play in even matches is rewarding, gruelling and a completely unique experience. Ranging from feeling like Davy Crockett with your rifle to courageously charging a trench sensing your impending death this game delivers experiences.Its Not without its flaws however; Controls can feel clunky and unituitive, frames are inconsistent and when the teams are not balanced it rapidly becomes frustrating. But otherwise this is a solid game that has delivered a great experience. xD1915/10 - Would conscientiously object thoroughly :)"
,Recommended,242860,19379839,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,AutoMatich,An incredible demonstration of what's possible with a non WW2-Present military shooter.
76561198007107520,Recommended,242860,13557283,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Freelancer,Fun game
,Recommended,242860,14379310,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Fresh,"Set in the trenches during WW1, Verdun in its current state offers many promising game mechanics and fun game play. Due keep in mind however that this title is in Early Access, so anything disscussed can change as the game is developed. This FPS might not be everyone's cup of tea as it is a more realistic themed game, and although its certainly not as realistic as the ARMA series, it definatly is on par with Red Orchestra level realism. To put it simply, all rifles and melee weapons are a one-shot kill, while pistols and some rare automatic weapons are two-shot kills. All rifles currently in the game are bolt-action, not semi-automatic. The game also has a manual bolting option you can set, which adds to immersion and can save your life, as you can bolt the rifle quicker than the defualt automatic bolting option. Due to being very vulnerable to bullets and the occasional club wrapped in barbed wire, it is very easy to die, but is is also very easy to get satisfying kill streaks. Overall gameplay will deliver, if you're expecting a somewhat realistic experience.The game isn't the most graphically stunning in the current build, but it's decent. Performance wise, the game is not very well optimized, but definatly playable. My GTX 770 can play this game on very high with an average of 90 fps, but it does have some instances where the frame rate dropped to around 35-40 fps randomly. Very Minimal instances of the game crashing, only once or twice in my entire play time. So, although the game does suffer from performance issues, it is playable at an acceptable frame rate.Overall I would recommend this game as it offers a very unique experince in a setting that is very rare to see in games today, and is totally worth a buy if you don't mind it being an Early Access title."
,Recommended,242860,14458389,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Riffofthegods,Fighting over one trench has never been more fun10/10
,Recommended,242860,14460834,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Nooney,this is an awesome game get it if u want a great fps game
,Recommended,242860,14450599,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Or Deal Some Damage?,Very good game
76561198114230694,Recommended,242860,11379537,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Tan spaghetti man,"Great Game!This game is a fun and unique ww1 shooter, having unique machanics and gameplay that standsout from a traditional shooter!this game requires streatgy and team work to have your team claim victory. with highly detailed maps and guns the game is impressive. also good luck to try to run and gun it will usally take only one shot to take down a player so flanking and teamwork is crutial machanic to aquire when playing. for the money its a sure of a game to buy"
76561198064036994,Recommended,242860,11220015,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Stank,"Fantastic, Original, and very fun. The update fixed so many problems. Can only get better!"
76561197984885464,Recommended,242860,11452949,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,bo7ox,Of course this game is currently just a Beta and comes with a few flaws but is still very worth playing.First of all it has a rather unique WW1 theme one rarely finds in video games and quite realistic gameplay. That means dying is really easy be it by Mortar or long distance rifles by entrenched opponents.The system of Attack and Counterattack is definetly something one has to get used to but lets you grasp the absurd atmosphere of trench warfare well. French and German audio comments also contribute to the atmosphere. The Squad system is okay. It encourages teamplay with the 4 different roles but also limits your acces to weapons on the battlefield if roles are locked.There are some drawbacks regarding the graphics and it's influence on the game. Generally speaking it does look quite nice but setting graphics to very high somewhat gives you a disadvantage in long range visibility. Disabling some features lets you see opponents as white moving pixels really far away. Also all guns have ridiculous accurarcy and preaiming on moving targets is not necessary.
,Recommended,242860,12459266,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,-MCG- HiddenSniper,I was looking for an old shooter being a huge fan of the first few battlefields 1942-BF2142 they all seem to repeat now. I am really enjoying a classic old shooter. Graphics aren't bad and it plays well.
76561198057050724,Recommended,242860,12459572,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[VAP]Brobius,BEEN PLAYING THIS GAME OFF AND ON FOR A WHILE NOW. I GOT TO SAY ITS ALOT OF FUN. I ESPECIALLY ENJOY THE INTENSE SNIPER BATTLES GOING ON WITHIN THE BATTLES. IF YOU LIKE TO RUSH IN YOU CAN. IF YOU LIKE TO CAMP YOU CAN DO THAT TOO. PRETTY MUCH 1 SHOT KILLS SO UTILIZING COVER AND PRONE IS ESSENTIAL. 10/10 FOR THE GENRE AND HISTORIC ACCURACY.
,Recommended,242860,12432897,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,xFallen oG,"Verdun is  a game that fills the want for a WW1 Shooter, but it does have some downfalls.( Keep in mind my review will change as the game is updated).Let me address the good points first:-Fun Squad Play.-Historic Environment and weapons.-Pretty Good Character and Weapon Models.-Decent maps ( Trench warfare, YAS ).-Epic Moments.-Good progression system ( Class, leveling, weapon etc).-Good Community.-Not good for those who are impatient ( I suppose that could be good or bad depending on your opinion).Now, on to the bad:-Net code Issues.-Constant Stutter.-Sync Issue.-Gun Fires but no bullet actually comes out.-Not good for those who are impatient ( I suppose that could be good or bad depending on your opinion).-Often find myself in unbalanced games ( Ratio of players ).-Wonky camera angle that leads you to believe you are safely in cover when you are not.-Bullet lag ( you will hear an enemy shoot, duck, 5 seconds later you die).-Odd audio for those who wear headsets. ( Footsteps sound closer than they are/ coming from the wrong direction).-Lack of players at certain times ( this can ruin the experience altogether as there is no single player/ bots)Overall, i believe the game has great potential and is an extremely fun experience. Well, it's fun until you run into those issues stated above, which you will. I enjoy the game very, but it is not for those who can not handle an early access game maturely. I recomend this game WITH CAUTION. If you are not afraid of a some issues here and there and would like to help this game develope, i suggest you buy it.* This review was created at the time of Update Version 162, September 16th, 2014.*"
76561198079346911,Recommended,242860,12023629,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,star_swimmer,Its an aweome 1st person shooter game in WW1 its addicting and its awesome so get it its really cheap so get it
,Recommended,242860,12060395,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,WyattEarp,needs some work but it is coming along nicely
,Recommended,242860,33456109,Posted: 11 July,all,XxMR.STEATYxX,"Amazing game. Its so realistic I didnt think I could learn so much about the weapons, gear and how the soilders lived from a game until i found this game. Keep doing what you are doing."
,Recommended,242860,33454557,Posted: 11 July,all,savi,very good game if fan of ww1
76561198225844148,Recommended,242860,33479914,Posted: 12 July,all,Caliban,"This game totally kick♥♥♥♥♥!! But with very few players.Im in the Japan server(player location China) ,150ping ,feels good in squad defence(MEN VS BOT),theres this Japan guy who plays it every evening,hes pro and we often made it to round 17 or so, felt like a real badass in the process. All kinds of great WWI gear,French weapon sucks."
76561198333081741,Recommended,242860,33460887,Posted: 11 July,all,DasGewehr.,Buy this game tis really good and worth it and realistic with tense moments and lots of exciting weapons (for pre 1920 :)  )i would buy it on offer though.
,Recommended,242860,33469933,Posted: 11 July,all,Zat0ich11,"Game is fun, graphics are good. My only complaints are that there is no description of any unlockable weapons/weapon sets before you spend your points to unlock them. This isn't a big issue, as you will quickly gain enough points that you functionally won't run out, but it would be nice to get a description before you spend the points none the less."
76561198118843042,Recommended,242860,33452102,Posted: 11 July,all,The Lag King,an awesome first person shooter that gives you a little insight into how dangerous no mans land was in the trench battle that took place.
76561198203848772,Recommended,242860,30480587,Posted: 12 March,all,onemanauctions,"Great game, found a fix and its all good!"
76561198221644404,Recommended,242860,33440056,Posted: 10 July,all,Baba Mitraliera,"best ww1 gane, battlefield 1 is a♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198372900027,Recommended,242860,33432391,Posted: 10 July,all,feliks17,"The game is enjoyable and depicts well the historical period is meant to describe. You can see there was some sound research behind skins, maps, etc...My opinion is that the reward system should be changed in a way that does not encourage camping: XP is mainly gained through kills (fair enough, onw would say) but kills can easily be achieved by sniping at long range, rather than throwing yourself in an enemy-held trench with your club or spade in your hand."
,Recommended,242860,17011231,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ljc409,Been playing this game for 20 hrs.  Very fun game but a big learning curve which makes it fun.  A little glitchy could be a bit smoother but overall a recommended game.
,Recommended,242860,33446780,Posted: 10 July,all,Maryette,"♥♥♥♥ yeah!  time to honour my great great gramps and don on that tommy uniform. WW1 feeling done right, if you are in a cap server. The  survival mode is quite the refresher, helps you get your aiming and feels of the gun back up after leaving the game for a while.pros:Remember those who died so you wouldnt be speaking kraut or accepting ""backward cultured ''rapefugees"" ""you get to shoot frenchies, tommies, and krauts in WW1 ...oh dont forget americans...everyone wants to shoot the Yankees all around the world today apparantley.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yourself silly because of the killing zones marksmen fire in no mans land.you will get shot if you do not charge the enemy trench...you will get shot charging the enemy trench...they have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gas....♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gas man...♥♥♥♥♥....♥♥♥♥♥...the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gas forces fights into close combat.... and puting on the mask obsecures vision..♥♥♥♥♥....The squad system is great ,,....  2 squads on a team.. each squad has their officer machine gunner scout ...etc etcYou can snipe and machine gun down any wanna be hero fks....thats right ♥♥♥♥♥hh  no mans land is my land...When you charge and lead your men as an officer... and the squad chat is  so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥patriotic.cons:You play like a real soldier...like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥....honestly, you`d be like...fk that shiit I dont wanna die,...waits for officer to lead then feeling inspired you leap out of your manhole and get headshot....  these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥snipers and machine gunners are no fkin joke...your a lvl 2 and you see lvl 100 s  on the enemy team.... in all fairness skill is the predominant deciding factor.fkn snipers are so fkn gayyyyy fkkkkkkkkkkkk.....fk automatic smg fjkkkkkkkkkkkkkaydgsfbuabeaufakwbdabfhakbef....  although it feels good when they eat your lee enfield round.If you are meh on this game...get itIf you are a WW1 fan get itIf you are fascinated by war get itIf you like history get itIf you are a dude get itIf you are a peace loving COMMIE MTHER FKER Who thinks America caused all the problems in the middle east ... Get it,  and change your name to Commie Lover so I can fk you up...LeeeeeRooooY JeNkIns/10 would gas Jews, ruskies french fries, yankeess,tommies, scots, krauts, trannies and your mum...."
,Recommended,242860,33484862,Posted: 12 July,all,Pulianu,nice game 10++
76561197989490970,Recommended,242860,33484063,Posted: 12 July,all,rapsun,"You like running around and shoot people? Go play Battlefield or some other baby-c**p.This is for men. Follow orders, stay low, hit. If you don't hit, you will die. A lot.10 / 10"
76561198107201608,Recommended,242860,33274486,Posted: 5 July,all,♦L1♠,Great game only problem is tyring to join friends
,Recommended,242860,33278923,Posted: 5 July,all,Klayle,"War is hell, and Verdun will remind you of this time and time again. As you remain huddled in your tiny window waiting for a small speck of a human being to come trudging across the blood-stained hell of no man's land, you think of the things that pass you by, the life that you could be living, the virtual family that your soldier likely left behind. You hear gunshots around you, you hear a whistle indicating that enemy's have invaded your trench from the east end, as you pull out of your cubby to try and defend your trench, you hear a ting indicating that the bead of another man's rifle has found your head and that he'd taken the shot. You fall face down into the trench and die slowly, right next to the agonizing squirming remains of your comrades... Then you respawn and go through with it again."
76561198031325373,Recommended,242860,33319585,Posted: 6 July,all,Güero,"The best realistic styled ww1 fps game there is - no doubt.For those who played Heroes & Generals - this is similar in controls and graphics and some of its mechanics but not as frustrating, well at least at times.Movement is a bit slower than the average fps games out there which hinders the classic ""jump-360-no-scopers"" and all weapons are pretty much 1-2hk, it forces everyone to actually use trench warfare tactics to an extent (with some minor exceptions for the XxXPr0SniperW0lfXxX guys).Theres this restriction thingy in the game, walk out of the field which your commander bestows upon you or die, which I hated at first – like at times your officer forgets to give you orders and all you can do is skirmish in and out of a grayscale phase with a nice 10 sec death counter as your enemies frag your position. However it does make it all more team based and puts ppl in action rather than wandering around making your team mad.The thing that keeps you playing apart from actual gameplay is the level system and unlocking stuff - but it doesn’t feel as grind-ish like similar games, every class and weapon follows a certain tactic and playstyle - the flammenwerfer for instance is freaking awesome if you only get 1-2 guys who can back you up at ranged targets and scout, the flame itself acts as a cover and is of course very lethal - however its slow to use and slows your movement.The usage of pioneers, snipers, officer spawn + orders, artillery and so on is what this game is, class based action, a bit like Team Fortress, but what is quite interesting is how player amount also effects the whole game - being at max numbers you’ll have infantry stormings, close combat, hand grenades etc but if there’s 2-4 ppl its pretty much a camping week (and yes ppl will lay down in the mud for a long-long time before you can move).However, I find it pretty redundant in it’s overall gameplay, the kill-die-kill-die pretty much overshadow the main game and in-game objectives itself and many times it’s just a boring stalemate (which the real thing was), so it might not be as appealing as the more arcade styled battlefield 1. It is a bit shallow, feels kinda like a really good mod rather than a game.Another thing I noticed was how the kill/death score was often so equal, like the best players at 28 kills often had 23 deaths.If you're really into ww1 and simply like the whole atmosphere of it or the historical aspect - then you'll love this game. Personally I think a vehicles mode, more diversified maps and fixing some of its in-game mechanics would boost this game alot.Is this game bad? – No, but it has a indie-beta feeling to it.Is it worth 22,99€? – No In my opinion it should be at 9,99€ - 14,99€."
76561198063171292,Recommended,242860,33343659,Posted: 7 July,all,Badger,"THE WWI game we all needed. Verdun is perhaps the only example of how a video game can represent WWI authentically and still be fun. With original and engaging gamemodes and a tense atmosphere, verdun has a lot of replayability and just generally fun gameplay. Its especially horrific when your legs get blown off in a mortar strike. This game covers the western front of WWI, and includes factions like Canada, Britain, Belgium, France, and Germany. With an authentic arsenal represented by these factions and a squad system, you feel like part of the army. Very bloody, realistic, and a good FPS all around."
76561198330319322,Recommended,242860,33341909,Posted: 7 July,all,josh the posh,amazing game super fun with friends
,Recommended,242860,33286526,Posted: 5 July,all,Solomon Rothschild,"Are there any active players left? I mean seriously, I never find a game."
76561198235712018,Recommended,242860,33283467,Posted: 5 July,all,greendragon2656,"Most realistic trench warfare game out there right now! If you want something more realistic, almost like a simulator, go for this."
76561198072769162,Recommended,242860,12942051,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,charlie,"Good game, but cant get rid of my mouse cursor from being infront of my iron sights. And until my screen turns black every time i join a game."
,Recommended,242860,12943581,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,The_Green_Baker,"One of the most intense and fun FPS I've ever played.The mustard gas the mortars and the planes all give you a feeling of a genuine battelfield while the bullets hail around you. One step wrong and you get a bullet in your brain, and stay to long in one possition you get spotted and taken out. Mobility is key when moving through no mans land.And if you don't feel like fighting trench warfare there is always the deat match mode where you run around with a bolt action rifle and shoot the crap out of anyone crossing your wayall in all 10/10 will continue playing"
76561198146955072,Recommended,242860,12646343,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,flyersfootball74,a great game and lots of fun
,Recommended,242860,12654574,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,lei_feng_walkin,"Utmost, this is a great game even if it IS in beta. Good community and fun game modes. The only thing this game is misssing is some gore, and it'll be fine.Score 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,12597733,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,[MBS]Amish Fury,"everytime i play i can feel the dampness of the muddy trenches, smell the blood and guts and excrement, feel the dread of getting lost and turned around inside the trench maze not knowing if an enemy is around the next corner, too afraid to poke my head up above the trench line for a better view, this is war... there is no pile of goo that was my best friend face, there is a shell crater and a piece of his boot"
,Recommended,242860,12600701,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,TheRizzó,Long story short this game is just amazing. I haven't been able to play much but I think it has been amazing since I got it. It gets updates and performance updates all the time making the game better and better and the game looks amazing.
,Recommended,242860,12605217,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Sith Lord,"pretty fun, but every time i end a game i have to completely shut down my computer becuz it s freezes"
,Not Recommended,242860,11462828,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,DingoDank!,"This game would be great,if i loved paying money for♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesnt work! I could compare the relevant ""ingame problem"" (not really ingame since i cant get past the first menu screen) to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats too ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to pull down her panties. Whenever she tries it says ""connecting to brain"" ... attempt 1 ... attempt 2, and she just continously flaps her arms around her legs trying to get those mothertruckers down.That being said, im sure this game is a blast whenever it opens itself up to me"
76561198144953608,Not Recommended,242860,11463825,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Dora The Explorer,OH MY GOD! I mean I know 6 dollars is not that much. But come on!!! Still its money. I can't even play it. I've tried like a few times loading the game. It just appears like a white screen and then music nothing else I can't do anything. You are giving me white screen like come on. Do I look like I die and went to heaven??
76561198032390462,Not Recommended,242860,11471196,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,✪ Skrill2Kill ツ,"NO !, bland boring combat"
76561198075440500,Not Recommended,242860,11473648,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,JadeCicada,Don't waste your money.
76561198115791539,Not Recommended,242860,11393404,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,jam99chgo,Although some aspects are enjoyable Verdun is not a game worth buying. When I first saw it I was very excited because I always wanted to pay a WW1 game. However its really not that fun. There are many glitches like you shoot somebody in the head with a rifle at point black range and they are fine. Also how you can be shot through cover. The list goes on and on. Verdun is a good idea that was poorly executed. The worst thing is the snipers. In every game half the people are shooting at you from a hundred yards away and when you are a noob like I was it was horrible. All you will do is die. The truth is your money would be better spent elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,242860,11459432,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Kestrel,"Wait on buying it, looks promising and im sure it'll be good some day but its too grindy and rage inducing at this point. I'll happily change this review once i get what i payed for, but for now this is gonna get some dust on it in my library."
76561198063582799,Recommended,242860,7347819,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Sauron,Great ww1 action! Like RO2 but ww1.
76561197978569955,Recommended,242860,12960836,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ZEF| Verrik Indoril,"Absolutely fun and a must-have!  Very intense, very fast, and very much drives the point home to fight as a group."
,Recommended,242860,12963337,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Salcos,It's so delicious that you want to eat it.
,Recommended,242860,20203793,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jetassist,Call of Duty scrubs can get out!
,Recommended,242860,20204250,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ALadner,"Great game, can't wait for more content."
,Recommended,242860,20204705,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Thorindallin,"Best FPS for the WWI theme to date. Love this game very much, from the very beginning of the game (since Alpha) till now, the game has seen many improvements. If you like realistic World War I trench warfare this game is it!"
,Recommended,242860,20199578,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Almundan,Get into that trench and kill me some krauts
76561198112601264,Recommended,242860,20197721,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BARBAROSSA,"this game is amazingly fun.....sometimes it feels like all ur doing is sitting in a hole and waiting to die but honestly that sums world war 1 up pretty wellPROSone shot ur deadrealistic gunfightssquad system is greatNEEDS IMPROVEMENT ONmore mapsless christmas truce?Vehicles? ""horses tanks""definatly needs freindly fireThis game is amazing and has alot of potential but it also feels like it needs more....i would like to see more russia because the october revolution was going on during this time period"
,Recommended,242860,20201882,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Esesa,I hardly played this and I can already tell that this game IS AWESOME. It feels like im playing a game with substance and dynamics. Not just running around killing people for a higher rank and more weapons. THIS IS A GREAT GAME. Almost like Red Orchestra 2 only it takes place during World War 1
76561198120389495,Recommended,242860,20198975,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ShOot mE iMmeDiEteLy,9/10 I absolutly love this game even though i die alot and rage quit this game has realistic weapons and realistic affects and the graphics are good.
,Recommended,242860,18647183,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,spajetti,hmmm
76561198105442242,Recommended,242860,24208018,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,THE BARON,10/10 but we are all still waiting for the dysentary DLC
76561198023592134,Recommended,242860,24158748,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,king_fresh,good verdun fights
76561198145397509,Recommended,242860,24153803,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sgt_Fallout,"Random excerpts from a solider in the German army...June 14, 1917Me and my friends are holding the trench against an onslaught of Americans and Canadians. My close friend Albert gets picked off by a sniper while he is operating the machine gun. Our squads NCO decides to rush the enemy whith his Luger. He was slaughtered as soon as he left the trench. Me and Adolf Hitler are now the only ones left holding the trench. I was shot in the arm by a pistol so now im scared. Adolf Hitler then tells me he will get revenge for me and the rest of our squad. He said something about killing all the jews before he left me there alone to die. Luckily I was able to retreat back with the help of some of the other squads, I hope Adolf will be ok.January 30, 1933My old friend Adolf has become Chancellor of our great Fatherland. Im still waiting on his promise of revenge against our enemies when we fought in the trenches.June 20, 1944The Americans have invaded France. I am worried that Adolf will not avenge Albert and me.May 8, 1945Adolf has killed himself. He has failed to avenge me and Albert, but he did Easy Bake Oven 6 million jews."
,Recommended,242860,24137431,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DuckMan,'is that a log or an enemy?' simulator10/10
76561198102875235,Recommended,242860,24160692,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ItsHayden,Verdun is one of the most immersive games I have ever played. Anyone from a history buff to a FPS fanatic to a RTS player can enjoy this game. I can't recomend it enogh.
,Recommended,242860,24156809,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[G.C.]Fressen,10/10 would gas all dem french guys again
,Recommended,242860,11457435,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,The Biggest Boss,"great game, i love being an officer, few bugs but you can see past them, you can see a great game."
,Not Recommended,242860,11457531,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,inaneHELLRAISER,The basic concept of this game is to attack the enemy line....then defend your line when the time comes. However this basicly turns the gameplay into attack while the enemy camps....and then camp while the enemy attacks. I understand the fact that they went for historical accuracy but that should NEVER be prioritized over fun. Might be worth it on sale but only if you really strained for a new shooter. (but why would you be?)
76561198030384427,Recommended,242860,11457631,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Totally Not Alpharius,"While it needs a lot of work and fine tuning, I found this game to be a fairly accurate representation of trench warfare (I say fairly accurate because somethings must be forgone to balance the game). Each team(army) takes turns attacking the other teams positions in which the other team must defend thier trench. Each successful defense/offense adds to the score. When the timer runsout the highest score wins.Good:I found the game to be fun though I advise you bring friends and even go as far to roleplay it a bitFairly simple to graspBad:Needs to work out the bugs and graphical leaves a lot to be desiredNeeds overall fine tunningVerdict:If you can find it on sale, I'd say go ahead a pick it up. Otherwise, wait until they fine tune the game and take care of those pesky bugs."
76561198130514798,Not Recommended,242860,11458124,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"I can't recommend this game for the price being asked.I have to say there's still a lot to be done on this game. I has stupid bugs like ""doesn't lock mouse to screen so you can only turn 45 degrees before stopping.""Too many bugs to be playable. Not worth it unless you can get it for next to nothing."
,Recommended,242860,11458535,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Nihilus,Still better then CoD.
76561197960689722,Recommended,242860,11458863,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,AshMaker,Fun WW1 FPS Multiplayer game.  I like how it focuses on rifles and pistols instead of fully automatic guns.  Its a great value at 66% off.  I recommend you give it a go.
76561198129954851,Recommended,242860,11459729,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,MLG Chode,hella good
,Recommended,242860,11459818,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jordan Belfort ᛋᛋ,All i hear is the bullets hitting the ground next to me and then before i can even look up i get sniped would pay again 10/11
,Recommended,242860,11459907,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Keg,gr8 game buy it and play it no ragretz
76561198132802205,Recommended,242860,11526713,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,naveenakshatra,A WORK IN PROGRESS.I would recommend this game at its sale price of $7. It is actually really fun and in certain ways fairly accurate to the type of historical fighting environments men fought in during WWI. There is nothing like trench-warfare and this is a reminder of how many lives perished during that bloody war.
,Recommended,242860,11487378,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Constable Cuckold,"Actually a lot of fun, i enjoy it. Thoroughly."
76561198086878475,Recommended,242860,11487382,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,frentlygamer,Fantastic simple game with 2 game modes that both have their merits. The Deathmatch feels like old  Half Life mods with new flair. But the really cool part is the 4 person squad pitched battles that feature back and forth trench warfare. With only WWI era weapons it prevents spray and pray tactics which is nice. Game is in Beta and has some server and stability problems but promises a great game for very little.10/10
76561198007303769,Recommended,242860,11489215,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Debbie_1942,This is a great game. I recommened it to every steam player!
,Recommended,242860,11489513,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Pocket Mage,"Although the game still needs work, the entire atmosphere and gameplay really reflects the quality and detail that this game was designed to have. When it gets released I think we can expect a whole lot more fun from a unique game like this."
76561198042256476,Recommended,242860,11489865,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Jankodanka,"As for a game that is in beta it is really smooth.Firstly I love that they made this game in a WWI setting. Gameplay is really good and I am sure they will continue the improvements for this game.Sniping, grenade throwing, rifles, carbines, pistols, machine guns, everything is awesome in the game.I recommend it to all.Love,Jan The Man"
,Recommended,242860,18511427,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Alex,very very very very good shooter
76561198127035861,Not Recommended,242860,18517369,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Bronx,Game keeps crashing and i get a black screen when i die that wont go away unless i restart my computer
76561198216800540,Recommended,242860,18506279,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,HeyMrBear,"Not recommended if your computer cannot run it, honestly. But if it can it is a great opportunity to shoot some noobs up :P"
76561198056153488,Recommended,242860,18451466,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,m9ts,Love this game!!!
76561198065078346,Recommended,242860,18458047,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,JungleJim4322@yahoo.com,"""Come on, you sons of b*tches, do you want to live forever?""If you want to live forever you should proabably stay away from this game, however if you want a unique, FPS that offers a look into WW1 as well as an accurate KDR this is the game for you. Offers a smoother game play then many tripple A tittles. Whether you are interestested in WW1 or would just like a more realistic shooter, Verdun is the game for you."
,Recommended,242860,18445908,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,GroundShark,"If you are interested in the Great War then you should definitely look into this game.  It is not a run and gun shooter anything like Call of Duty.  It is a gritty, tactical, crawl across the mud into no mans land under fire from the enemy and fighting trench to trench.  You find yourself gaining ground and losing ground fighting up close and personal once you get into the enemy trenches.  If you pop your head up for more than a few seconds an enemy will most certainly snipe you.  Instead use cover to block your body and watch diagonally across no mans land to catch the enemy charging across the fields towards your trenches.  This way you are mostly covered but still have a field of view to catch the enemy.  Commanders spawn the 4 man squad on top of the them and call in mortar strikes, gas, and scouting planes.  MG's go prone and riddle the enemy full of bullets.  Riflemen take accurate shots close and far with the help of scopes for snipers, grenades for grenadiers, and bayonets for the riflemen.You get to learn all about the terrain and different battles fought in Verdun.  The developers went to great lengths for historical accuracy.  The attack and defend system works well and creates a good structure to simulate a feeling what trench warfare must have been like.  You are not allowed to run randomly around the map when defending, instead you must defend your trench and the land behind it.  This structure keeps the idea of trench warfare in play.You owe it to yourself to pick this up if you like tactical shooters and WW1 era themes."
76561198132919364,Recommended,242860,22042344,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,The ClubberFuck,Battlefield 1 facilitated the death of this game.
76561198043701877,Recommended,242860,17806299,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Really_Confused,"took ten tries to get into the enemy line, bayonnetted three huns before exploding due to artillery 10/10"
76561198163584249,Recommended,242860,17845160,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ProfileName,This has to be the best fps i have ever play. Although no story more is being added to the game witch is great. It is hard but very rewarding. My k/d on cod was about 1.2 on this its probably not even 0.5 but its far more enjoyable. The lore is great with only limited machine guns ect. The maps are great and frontlines game mode is unlike anything i've play before.Once had a truce with oppistion so we could take photos10/10 would get shot by untrustworthy german again
76561198025101669,Recommended,242860,17840934,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,rbeginr,"Seriously. A great game. Highly suggest you buy this. The developers have improved the graphics - but in this game, the format and gameplay is great. Took a couple of hours to get the hang of the maps. Worth every penny. If you want to blow off some steam - this is for you."
76561197982674666,Recommended,242860,17785535,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Action Bastard,love it.
76561198127239619,Recommended,242860,11583239,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Iraq Attack,"Without a doubt, the best thing about this game is its setting. It is so refreshing to be playing a shooter that isn't WWII or modern combat. But beside the setting, as it is, the game delivers. It obviously needs some optimization and some more basic fixes like spawn protection, in-match voting system, and bug fixes, but as it stands in beta, it's a lot of fun. The attack/capture/defend trench gameplay is not only fun and interesting, but really makes the game feel like a realistic depiction of trench warfare. I got it on sale so it was totally worth it to me, but the regular price is probably a little high for what you get, so maybe wait until it's on sale or finished. Either way, I highly recommend Verdun."
76561198058908265,Recommended,242860,11772344,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Napoleon,"I would recommened this game for people who are interested in experiencing something unique or are interested in WWI. However you must be prepared for mostly long ranged engagements. By that I mean the whole round may only consist of players sniping at each other. I would like to see the developers come up with a solution to this, in order to make the gameplay more dynamic. None the less this is a pretty good game for people who are interested in the WWI era and it is indeed a one of a kind game (not many game developers have tried doing a WWI FPS.)"
,Recommended,242860,11774069,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,"Yoshikage Kira, Thot Patrol","Although relatively unstable for early access, Verdun is a briliant game that captures the frustrating struggle that was the trenches of WWI.  The community is a tightly-knit, well-versed group of equal parts gamers and historians and no matter how badly things go for your team, you're bound to enjoy yourself.  I eagerly await the full release of the game."
76561198023502391,Recommended,242860,12119288,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Crowd Control,"So far what i got from this game is its a ww1 shooter, trench warfare, gas, arty all that good stuff. it runs on squad based combat if you want to win you gotta work with your squads. Only thing that worrys me at this time is lack of games and player base the game currently has.Personally i love games with lots of action and people running around. As a ww1 game i feel that if they had 64 player servers or even push as far as 50 vs 50 on maps it would really give you that ww1 feeling of mass unit charges and what not,One thing im kinda disliking is if im attacking a trench and the game suddenly decides that i have to go back to my trench to defend it or i will be shot. I feel that this shouldnt happen. Maybe only have this message pop up if you are moving forward attacking when you shouldnt?? There has been a few times iv been in a hole and told to fall back and had enemys all round me and iv had to ether take as many as i could with me before i die or make a mad scramble back to my trench which normally involves me getting shot in the back.Over all id give this game a 8/10 it has amazing potential and i would love to see it grow in playerbase and maybe be a bit morew complex in regards to ranking system. Maybe make it so level 1's can only be rifle men??"
,Recommended,242860,9971071,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,mciambra,"very interesting game for the price. I have only spent 12 hours in total so far and am already captivated by the needed tactics in order to win. The game definitely has some technical issues but its in beta so thats fine.My major point is that as close to history as this game seems to want to go, it is in fact diabolically false histiorically. It could use some precise history in places and regions for it to be indeed called Verdun. No mention of Mort Homme or Fort Douamont?programmers need to call me for a history lesson!"
76561197982885455,Recommended,242860,11296022,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,rasmussbeck,Best game 2013 ;)
76561198008998546,Recommended,242860,23914247,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TrickyFrank,-Buy verdun-Join a squad already in a game-Squad is called Brexit Squad 1916-NCO says to attack the trench-Me and my squad start running across no-mans-land-Me and my squad hide in a crater as morter fire lands around us-A squad to my left get hit my morters and dies-I look toward my squad for a second and look back over the top of the crater-hear a morter shell land-look toward my squad again-They are all gone except for a foot-I am the only one on my team currently in no-mans-land-I cry for 5 seconds before I get killed by a grenade10/10 would get PTSD and permanent pyschological damage from a game againPS: War is scary.
,Recommended,242860,23911539,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,-={BallBraker}=-,Simple...are you looking for an awsome WW1 (close) simulator? Then here you go and don't forget to watch out for those peski germans with spades. !HAVE FUN!
76561198069504358,Recommended,242860,23927471,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Xprocast,"This game is one of the best looking games out there for this price, seriously you don't need to have a really expensive rig to be able to play this game with good looking graphics.When you are playing you won't experience much lag at all and the gameplay is also really smooth.Pros: It gives you a really immersive and real feel when you play it, almost as if you were really in that battle yourself.The maps are also really good, you can either run in the trenches to find cover and be sneaky or you can go over the trenches and try to surprise the enemy or just snipe them from afar but they maybe also doing the same thing so you always have to watch out.You can play it however you want to, just because you are a certain class doesn't mean you have to do exactly as it says in the description, you are free to play that role how you want to play it.The guns are quite fairly balanced, could use some more balancing on the submachine-guns.Cons: Sometimes you may be scoping in on someone's body and you fire but they don't die, but then they somehow get you even though you shot first and aimed at their body. Personally I think that it could be something with lag but it doesn't always happen.When the enemy team is retreating the players who are in your territory will have X ammount of time to retreat before they get executed for deserting but sometimes some players don't care about that but they'll stay behind your trench and spawn kill everyone on your team without anyone knowing which I think needs to be fixed somehow by maybe putting an invisible wall on your teams' trench so they can't enter when they aren't attacking.If someone on the enemy team shoots at you and the bullets fly really close to you but they don't hit you, you flinch too much like the camera shakes like there was an earthquake, they need to decrease the camera shake a bit because it's too much.Anyway if you are a fan of strategic fps shooters and world war 1 then this game is really for you! Highly recommended!Btw don't worry if you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off in the beginning for dying like 20 times, it's part of the learning curve! You'll eventually get better at it, I promise ;)"
76561198079412160,Recommended,242860,23947103,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Zach Brewer,Great game 10/10
76561198122064122,Recommended,242860,23947227,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BlackFire,I feel like I'm battling for every inch in this game. Verdun is a great example of trench warfare.
76561198180970485,Recommended,242860,23933844,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,THE POTSTER,"Well, i'm like hitler, he lost a bollock in ww1 and i lost a bollock playing this game."
76561198040545834,Recommended,242860,23927081,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,odinownsyeall,Great game. Challenging and brutal but the pace is good and the unlocks/roles are fun.
76561198022562135,Recommended,242860,23943228,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Quxudais,"I'm a new player with only a couple hours experience so take that into consideration. As I gain more experience I will update this review.  So far my impression of this game is rather mixed, more positive than negative but definitely not glowing.Presentation wise it's pretty solid. Graphics are rather good for a smaller game, I have them cranked on a 970 and it runs at a smooth 60 fps so no complaints there. Audio is solid, gun sounds are good and artillery is appropriately booming, nice little audio flourishes like bullets plinking off metal are good touches. The maps are visually solid, though the color pallet is a bit more washed out than it needs to be - this isn't a vibrantly colorful game. Ones natural reaction might be to think that makes sense given the subject matter but in reality wars are fought in all environments, WW1 took place on as many bright sunny desserts, verdant green forests and blooming fields of wild flowers as it did on mud strewn wastelands. This is a minor gripe though, and not something really worth docking the game for.There is visual jankyness though, I've died numerous times to enemies that appear to be facing sideways from me, or pointing their weapons in the dirt so where someone is looking is only vaugely indicated by their actual model. Also seen numerous instances of ally and enemy alike holding invisible guns.I can't confirm this, I could be mistaken, but I suspect this is yet another one of those competitive shooters where you will want to play on low settings. I've been shot a few times while completely obscurred by brush, trees, barbed wire and rocks which has me thinking a lower graphics setting may remove a lot of the cover clutter. Again I have not tested this, but it seems likely.So far my biggest knocks on the game are mechanical and gameplay oriented. I'm a fairly big history buff, so I'm well aware of what kind of warfare a WW1 set shooter would entail. I went into Verdun expecting to die freaquently and quickly and that does happen. Frequent deaths and a low life expectancy do not automatically mean a game can't be fun howerever, in fact a game can be a great deal of fun while still sporting that playstyle. Unfortunately there are some issues that make this substantially less enjoyable than it should be.Firstly the player count per match is extremely low. I've had matches that were barely eight players per side (I believe the max is 16) which is just pitiful and seriously hampers the feeling of actually being in the War to End All Wars. It really seems like this is a setting that absolutely needs 64 player battles minimum to do itself justice, that or it needs to follow the Battlefront (original ones, not the halfassed new one) model of including bot soldiers to make the fight seem larger than it is.The low player count really causes problems with the set up. The nature of this games setting means you are throwing yourselves into meat grinders intended to be fought by huge numbers of men, when you boil an ""Up and Over"" attack through no-mans land down to less than a dozen attacking players; what should be an epic assault just feels like fish in a barrel. You get destroyed (as expected) but since there's so few people on your side, you don't make any progress against an enemy that's half awake. Even when you do, the low player count sucks a lot of the epicness out of what should be a harrowing set piece. In some ways it ends up feeling much like any other shooter, just with clunky antique guns.This is made worse by excessive re-spawn timers. Your first death can have you twiddling your thumbs for almost thirty seconds. That may not sound like much, but when you often die in a single hit and you are charging through a shooting gallery against artillery, machine guns, submachine guns, mortars and grenades.. well you may be in game for an hour and only actually play for 15 minutes. Matches become a somewhat frustrating routine of playing for  45 seconds to a minute before waiting to respawn. Often you won't accomplish anything during those minutes of life either, especially as a new player. You're often even lucky to have something even shoot at in that time. Frequent deaths from completely unseen opponents are common.One thing you will notice very quickly is a complete lack of any reliable way to identify enemy players other than their uniforms/silouhettes. While that's an interesting touch of realism and can be learned, in practice it just feels extremely frustrating - particularly for new players. The game does not feature any kind of friendly fire, so you can just shoot at anything if you're not sure but that feels like a janky work around. At the very least it seems like enemies should have red names over their heads when within a certain range of you when you have your crosshair on them (that way it wouldn't affect using cover to hide at range). I've already died a number of times because some enemy solider was in a trench (often my own trench, often spawn camping) and there was no visible indication it wasn't a friend until I was already dead. This is especially problematic on maps with heavy shadows, another situation where I suspect playing the game on low settings is probably a substantial benefit. The low player count per team also plays in here as the mostly empty maps make it easy for experienced players to get into the others sides lines, with 32 players per side it would be substantially easier to maintain solid front lines and at least be able to expect enemies to come from the front.. instead of spawn camping behind you.Another major issue, especially for new players, is there seems to be no descernable matchmaking in this game at all. My first matches were tossed in with a smattering of rank 1-5s, and many rank 50-90s. Players that clearly have dozens if not hundreds of hours and every map memorized were simply paired against players like myself that clearly just bought the game, the result was predictable. I'm not sure if the games playerbase is simply to small for proper matchmaking or if it was an oversight on the devs part but it makes the game substantially less enjoyable and much less new player friendly.Verdun features an odd progession system, but I can't really comment on it yet as I don't have enough experience with it. I just dislike progression treadmills in general so I never like seeing them.Do I reccomend this game? Honestly I want to say yes, it's such an incredibly under-repesented period in history and the game certainly seems to try doing the setting justice. low-magazine size, innacurate, slow reload weapons abound which can make for a refreshingly different pace of game compared to standard FPS. That said the new player experience so far has been rather unenjoyable and I suspect this is a game you are going to have to slog through before you reach the point you can really enjoy it. A rank/skill based matchmaking system would at the very least help tremendously but it seems non-existant.I guess I cautiously reccomend this game so far. Just be aware of what you are getting into and expect frustration."
,Recommended,242860,23943548,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"(Taken from an essay I wrote about multiplayer games as art)Verdun is a multiplayer shooter set in World War One. There is no badassery or casual social play to be found here, in Verdun everybody dies in a single shot. It doesn’t matter if it is in the leg; if you are shot you are out, because in the real world even if you are shot somewhere that would not immediately kill you, chances are you would be in far too much pain to fight. The matches in Verdun are giant 32 player endeavors, where each team takes turns charging across No Man’s Land under artillery fire, machine gun rain, and focused snipers. The only voice chat is squad based in small groups of four, so your team is never fully coordinated.What results is a brutal and slow paced depiction of the horrors of war. Players will lose limbs to explosives or powerful rifles and nearby noise is often drowned out by constant screaming from the wounded. If you leave the map area or retreat too early the game will kill you with a warning that you have been shot for cowardice. When you die you get to wait 30 seconds and then it is right back to the same place you’ve been spawning to rinse and repeat over and over until you’re called away from the front by the round ending. Every character model and animation is stiff and although they are well modeled they feel faceless; as if everybody has the same capacity to be mindlessly murdered. Every map in the game is either heavily sided towards one team or a constant stalemate, and though this may seem as a failure of map design it adds to the sense that the war is an unorganized mess of violence.The entire game seems centered around a quote from Ernest Hemingway: “They wrote in the old days that it is sweet and fitting to die for one’s country. But in modern war there is nothing sweet nor fitting in your dying. You will die like a dog for no good reason.”Unfortunetly all this does not nessisarily make for the funnest of gameplay; however as an example of video games portraying a theme through gameplay without the need of the story it is a wonderful example, and I did have a blast playing it for about 80 hours, though after that time I felt it was almost a chore."
76561198172913591,Recommended,242860,22992089,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,McShrekyourself,What the ♥♥♥♥ are you doing looking at these reviews?JUST BUY THIS GREAT GAME ALREADY!
,Recommended,242860,23936792,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,L0U15,I Sniped a guy from 300 m headshot with a pistol. Nice...
76561198146941701,Recommended,242860,23895626,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kroks,"I deployed in as a British sniper, my team was on the offensive but could not push past the first few craters in No Mans Land due to two German machine guns in a well fortified bunker. Slowly crawling up a hill for a good vantage point a barrage of unexpected shells teared the ground up around me. All i could do was hope the artillery would cease and leave me be. The sounds of incoming munitions, screeching as they plumeted towards their target, left me in a daze. But i knew i had to go on. I had to take out those machine guns. Inching my way through the bombardment i reached my position. Scanning No Mans Land I spotted my target, the two German machine gunners. Taking a deep breath I took aim at the left gunner's head and pulled the trigger. Rechambering a round I quickly repositioned my scope to the other and fired again. I paused briefly to think of those mens mothers and wives receiving news of their sons and husbands pointless death. Giving the signal to push forward I watched my comrades rush into the bunker, safe and sound. I noticed out of the corner of my eye a scope and rifle barrel portuding out of some sandbags. I rapidly moved to shoot but i was already to late. By the time i hit the ground i was already dead, another casualty in the Great War.Verdun- 2016"
76561198135696503,Recommended,242860,30807656,Posted: 28 March,all,Mitchell,"Beautiful game, character movements are a little clunky at times. You will die a lot, bc one hit kill or you will get grazed and live, its that simple. The game isnt for the casual aracede players, the matches take time if you play them all the way through. This is the perfect game if you are looking for an authentic ww1 first person shooter. If you want arcade style ww1 go play battlefield"
,Recommended,242860,23896403,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,lore,I love this game wish more people would play it though.
,Recommended,242860,23887730,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,anne,trench warfare is fun :) 5/5
,Recommended,242860,23905301,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kappatalism,"This is a great game! But Im not sure if Im being stupid, but it seems like a majority of the time there are only like 50 people online at a time playing this game, maybe Im really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and dont know how to find more game modes and different servers. Anyway, this game is still tons of fun, and offers something no other game can offer."
76561198218045344,Recommended,242860,23844383,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Stalin is Watching,"This game is definitly worth it's purchasing price especially since it's so low. Kinda wish there were more maps though, but I definitly recommend it."
76561198203516740,Recommended,242860,23842053,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,madbomb,love this game think it is amazing captures everything one problem is that the artilery is a little op and think there should be a longer wait time on it and also make it controller compatiable with the pc and have server just for new people bewteen lvl 1-12 max then u go of to the real on line. other wise i love this game and it could have an amazing story line if they wanted to and i think they should try to make one but again love this game best buy i would give it 10 out of 10 to this its that good
76561198036092787,Recommended,242860,23843549,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ylem,"I've always tried to seek a ww1-based videogame. This is a wonderful one and I'd recommend it especially to the ones fond of history and , above all, to an underrated but fundamental war as ww1 was."
,Recommended,242860,23828418,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fuselhorst (FreshP),An absolute must-have for everybody interested in WW1!
76561198081243272,Recommended,242860,21100649,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,terry flap folds,Richard Harrow simulator 10/10 would shoot in the face
,Recommended,242860,21325220,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,BURKATRON,Only 3.6hrs at time of writing but enjoyed every min.
76561198110976609,Recommended,242860,30710628,Posted: 24 March,all,Krusty McFungalTyts,Like Realism?Like Trenchs?Like High Skill-Cap games?Like WW1?Why are you even reading this still?10/10
76561198056275036,Recommended,242860,20007927,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,|FOS|. Awperator,"10/10 looked around in my trench, Got out of my trench. Ran 20 yards and was shot in the head. best WW1 Simulatorno but actuallyFANTASTIC!All around good game for what it is. I love how i shows the gritty dirtyness of the trenches even entails a christmas truce map"
,Recommended,242860,18942736,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Tryrose,"Hi, great game. Much love."
76561198028085652,Recommended,242860,21371059,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,The_Baker,takes me back to the good old days of bolt action fps. GR8 game
,Recommended,242860,21340109,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,koltoast!,10 outta 10 would desperately shoot at tree stumps again.
76561198091861232,Recommended,242860,21330543,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,LegenD,"""Worth the trenches"" - IGN""80/80, m80"" - Gamespot"
76561198131232297,Recommended,242860,21330683,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Weekend Special,for some reason it always crashes but while it lasted it was quite fun
76561198284341877,Recommended,242860,21594049,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[38NC.H] meinradgamer,"This game is great, not for everyone, but it is definaly something to check out if you have the money."
,Recommended,242860,21584963,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,My Rival,Super Good!
76561198286331530,Recommended,242860,21594667,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,lukehenke2,it is fun and has great graphics
76561198289803865,Recommended,242860,30706421,Posted: 24 March,all,iAndriuxa (CivilGamers.com),"If you like FPS games with classes, this is the perfect you, I'll rate it now.Pros -A huge variety of realistic weaponsGreat (sometimes funny) physics.If you put on gore to ultra, you will feel like you're inside a battlefield.Trench advances, retreats are realisticMost of officers know how to be an officerA lot of fun maps and I really enjoyed the 1914 truce.Cons -Laggy peopleno more cons found"
76561198121155053,Recommended,242860,21238610,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,President_,"As advertised:SHOOT, DUCK, RELOAD, REPEAT...Actual Experience:SHOOT, MISS, KILLED, REPEAT..."
76561198028516307,Recommended,242860,21357972,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Sir Jackass,"An absolutely amazing game. Fun mechanics, team-based gamepley, and incredibly detailed maps. I highly recommend this game to fps lovers, tactical gamers, history buffs, and plain ol' groups of friends looking for a new ""thing."""
76561198165638467,Not Recommended,242860,16812540,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,halthiaron,"Verdun comes with:-several game-breaking bugs- you have to play for a zillion hours to get a decent gun-pretty much no one plays it so you'll need to wait a really long time to play-No campaign mode, and only 2 gamemodes-it hasn't improved at all since beta.I wish i could write more but i have to trade this stupid waste of money for a good game.This game had potential, but it has too little content."
76561198208747465,Recommended,242860,21356125,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ripperkon,Best WW1 shooter out there 10/10
76561198177848447,Recommended,242860,16360348,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fuze,great game but sniping is a little too powerful cant even move without getting caped 200 meters away good ame tho
76561198055663586,Recommended,242860,25580602,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ANDGE1944,Had this game for a while played it on and off (only if i had more time for games) but every time i play it a good experience.
,Recommended,242860,25582428,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Asura,"Battlefield 1 has good graphics, but Verdun as FAR superior gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,25484386,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Bitch where,pls d0n8 csgo skins
,Recommended,242860,25484477,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Otto☧,"I'd recommend this game 10 times over. Aside from solid gameplay, realistic trench combat, and stellar performance, this game has one of the best dev teams and communities I've seen in a while. Well worth the buy."
,Recommended,242860,25481379,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Nightmare,"Nice game :3 this game should get much more attention :D but the price is high, but we get more and more content ^^"
,Recommended,242860,25500877,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,El Zebaoth,This is what BF1 should be... for probably 20% of the price.
,Recommended,242860,30868421,Posted: 31 March,all,Willphire,"Verdun is one of the most intense, realistic, and tactical first person shooters i've ever played. With historically accurate guns, uniforms, strategies, and battles it's a history buff's wet dream. I think the reason why it's so intense is the ammount of atmosphere. Soldiers wailing in pain, distant explosions, planes, and a lot more make an unforgettable ww1 experience. The only negative is because it's so realistic you get killed VERY easily so some players could rage after that over and over for there first time. I also really love how cooperative and team based everything is, it gives even more strategy. Pick this up, even if you play it once it's a look at a whole new brand of realistic badassery."
,Recommended,242860,30871475,Posted: 1 April,all,Finna F U C C,This is one of the best historicly correct games I've seen in a looong time
,Recommended,242860,25214898,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,LUAN shqiptar ♚,"its a buggy mess, with the worst spawntrapping in the world not worth 5€+Edit: But it can make fun sometimes, still is a buggy mess"
76561198049961800,Recommended,242860,25703973,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kald,Awesome game and great community with people that will help you learn.
76561198228082356,Recommended,242860,25704727,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Hostage Molester,10/10 Would trenchfoot again
,Recommended,242860,30878569,Posted: 1 April,all,jholien,Mustaches for days sons....mustaches for days.-Erwin Rommel
76561198220375565,Recommended,242860,25702120,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,darkwolf 1212,realy good game for peapol who like ww1 and action
,Recommended,242860,25700288,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ChuckleNuts,>Trenches as far as the eye can see>Bullets hitting you all angles as you try to move 5cm>Shooting both team and bodies trying to find the enemies10/10
76561198059295920,Recommended,242860,22035639,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,GrowlitheStampede,"This game is very good at doing what it does. If you come to it expecting it to be fast paced and thrilling, it won't be. If you come to it expecting to be able to plan out grand strategies with your friends and put them in motion, you will fail. It's not how the game is built. The game is pretty unforgiving, and you need to know what you're doing if you want to do well. I don't really know what I'm doing, so I suck pretty bad. But it's still a whole lot of fun and gives me a raging history boner."
,Recommended,242860,13744828,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ziggylata,"This game gives me very poor FPS when ingame. Like, absurdly poor. On the menu I get 60 fps, ingame I get 20 or less. I feel this is an issue that shouldnt exist (ive even turned my graphics on the lowest it still persists).Aside from that, this game is a fanominal experience that brings out how dire World War I was. Poke your head out to look at the field, go back behind your mud dirt hill, poke your head out again, you got shot  \o/.  I love this game and highly reccomend it when the poor FPS issue is fixed. Many people can argue its on my end but I really just dont think the game is optimised good.EDIT: They are upgrading the engine of this game to hopefully fix the FPS issue, so when that comes out and if it works, I highly reccomend this game.EDIT 2: The FPS is much better."
,Recommended,242860,22054395,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Alex Jones,"You will die a lot if you have the gall to not crouch constantly, keep your head low, assume that rock is a man, and remeber a time when we suddenly realized how easy it was to kill each other when we had machine guns."
,Recommended,242860,22071470,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Drez,"I kept getting killed immediatly after spawning, but after a while I started to learn the map and had some fun. Good sounds, decent graphics, takes some getting used to the feel of the game though."
,Recommended,242860,22074250,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,tvest,I have played many FPS. I must say this takes some getting used to .The only con about this game there isn't any way to learn the basic controls of your solder classes except for in the field while you are getting shot in the head by a pistol from the opposing trench but i guess that just adds to the realism.Good luck and happy hunting
,Recommended,242860,22074343,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,spaceburge,"A fantastic tactical shooter with an equally fantastic community.A great deal of care and attention has gone into making this, I emplore you to try it and see for yourself."
76561198110602962,Recommended,242860,22074494,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,NZELI,It looks like Belgians have top hats.11/10 - I like top hats
,Recommended,242860,22074579,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mad Jack,good
76561198131738476,Recommended,242860,22074708,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ODDBALL,im at my moms house hue.
76561198060752681,Recommended,242860,22072503,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,bonzomad,"Simply Glorious.Great supporting team, historically accurate focus, pure distilled WW1 FPS."
76561198059444924,Recommended,242860,22072654,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,SOFUCKINGLONELY,Shellshockingly Good
76561198071605083,Recommended,242860,22070777,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Tang0455,"Greatest World war 1 game ever (probably because their isn't many others), but i love the game play and the weapons are very realistic which I love."
,Recommended,242860,22026273,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Picolas Cage,A REALIST WW1 SHOOTER AND GREAT DEVELOPER
,Recommended,242860,23209918,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Perturbed Pug,"Run out of trench, die. Get frustrated as your team gets pushed back with every wave.Repeat until your team is forced to defend.Become the sniping ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that you hated so much while on the offensive."
76561198129313260,Recommended,242860,23709300,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jack,"This game is the best game representation of what WWI combat was really like, essentially, the person thats aiming wins, or the person in cover wins, most of the guns are 1 shot kills but a bayonette is also a one hit kill, so staying in cover or charging in with bayonettes are the best two options. the machine guns are not overpowered as they are only effective when in the right position to repell enemies, and they are vulnerable to snipers and being flanked. This game is probably worth 27 bucks but i got it on sale and have never regretted it. 8/10 i want tanks in the game"
,Recommended,242860,23744533,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,regex,"This is a unique take on a WW1 FPS. Not only is the game beautiful to look at, the movement and game play are tons of fun. The weapons are consistent with the WW1 era which makes for some interesting variety. Another aspect of the game I find appealing, and unique to Verdun, is the terrain. These guys were in trenches, sometimes in hilly regions, other times mostly flat. There is rain, mud, smoke, haze - all these things make navigating the battlefield, without losing your head, a challenge. This is, in most cases, a one-shot-kill game. So, rushing, taking a couple of hits, then ducking to regen your health is not an option. The only aspect of the game I've found a bit frustrating is there is the concept of deserting. At different times during play, parts of the map are playable, while others are considered out-of-bounds. Entering the non-playable area and not leaving very quickly results in your death, due to desertion. I understand why the mechanic is there, but feel it could use a bit of fine tuning to be a bit more fair.That said, Verdun is a beautiful, well crafted game offering hours of raw, head-popping fun -- I definitely recommend it to others. Hope to see you in the trenches!"
,Recommended,242860,23744647,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Nateoxide,Bit clunky... Lots of fun. Reminds you how♥♥♥♥♥♥the trench days would have been. I think maybe a little pricey. Getting behind 9 or 10 people with a bayonet is always great fun. Performace is pretty good. Not a huge Australian player base. Maybe after the Summer sales the plaayer base will lift a bit.6/10
76561198136103166,Recommended,242860,23758619,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Silent Panda,bu oyun bi harika başka diycek bişey bulamıyorum iyi oyunlar
76561197994777170,Recommended,242860,16804637,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,space madness,"WW1 trench warfare done right, from the infantryman's point of view.Bullets, bludgeoning, gas attacks, get stuck in boys!Best break out the underpants and 2 pencils for this one  ;)Finally, a game that had the early access tag but didn't keep it forever, and is better then ever. The little details in the squad upgrades (uniforms and such) is nice, and gore is good fun, especially when you and your squad that was in that one crater all hear the incoming mortar fire too late...Probably the most authentic WW1 game you will find out now. The player population isn't as high as some games but there's always at least several battles up with plenty of people on."
76561198250034626,Recommended,242860,23745130,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Rebel Farming,"If your looking for a ww1 shooter this is the right game is has gas attackes morters and more !This is the best ww1 Game On steam. The gore in this game is epic,i Have not seen any bugs yet so i recommend it !"
,Recommended,242860,23744357,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ĐorđBae,"It's a pretty good game if you like getting shot the moment you poke your head out to see if the enemy is coming, getting blown to bits by artillery, getting blown to bits by grenades, hearing a frenchman laugh as you get shot in the face by a sniper camping on the other side of the map in plain view of the sniper on your team complaining about the lack of enemies to kill, forgetting that the green gas is poison and will kill you if you dont put your gas mask on, falling into barbed wire, getting stuck in barbed wire, getting shot while being stuck in barbed wire, getting hit by artillery while stuck in barbed wire ,spending 10 minutes crawling on your belly through no man's land only to get to the enemy trench and have to turn around because you lost the attack and now you have to defend, lack of communication, leaving the flanks wide open for the enemy to enter, having MGs mow down everyone on your team cuz they can, getting an MG and mowing the entire enemy team down and getting out of the barbed wire you were stuck in only to be shot in the head by a new player the just learned how to aim.It's a great game to give people with little patience, it does a good job teaching them life's not fair and barbed wire will kill you faster than that sniper across the map. That and they'll probably rage as much as I did in the begining and want to quit only to find out they are addicted to this great WW I simulator where you get to hear frenchman laugh as the guy next to you screams in agony10/10 would die to barbed wire more than actual players again"
,Recommended,242860,23741649,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gru'd,>Ran into my trench where I thought I was safe>Artillery shell blows my legs off10/10 would get shell-shock again
76561198044830701,Recommended,242860,30799361,Posted: 28 March,all,Big Dragon,Good stuff
76561198150579178,Recommended,242860,23266226,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,13aceofspades13,"I recommend it because it is a good game, it is in my opinion a lot better than some of the first person shooters on the market, i feel like a lot of it does focus on some of the historical aspects, and for once its a first person shooter that isn't based on ""modern warfare."" more or less a historical event in time.What i don't like however is it doesn't have a campaign, and it is strictly malty player... so you have to deal with all the ""joys."" of playing a malty player first person shooter, the people who'me that is all they do with their lives, the people who troll, ect. some of the water textures are very.... not good in comparison to even some of the earlier call of duty games the water textures could have been better, maybe its something i have set up wrong idk.My biggest gripe however is the re loading, i know for a fact the Springfield 03 does have a bolt hold open on the magazine so when the rifle fires the last round the bolt cannot really be closed unless the magazine is depressed down, when you fire the last round in a Springfield 03 in the game the bolt closes and you may think their is still a round in the chamber, guess what... there isn't! second gripe, a couple of times ill load a full stripper clip, close the bolt and right after closing the bolt sprint away to take cover, go to aim and then fire and rather than fire off a fresh round my soldier racks out a spent shell! this cannot happen because when you open the bolt to re load a fresh stripper clip the spent shell should be extracted from the chamber and a new round should be shoved into the chamber when the bolt is closed. If for some reason the rifle failed to extract the spent shell ""failure to extract."" it would prevent the new round from going in as the old one is still in the chamber. Also... the stripper clip doesn't need to be removed by hand, simply forcing the bolt forward will press the stripper clip out of the groove it sets in and the bolt will shove a new round into the chamber in seconds ready to fire, rather than wasting 2-3 seconds removing the stripper clip with some sloppy looking animation that looks like the guy is trying to remove the stripper clip with his pinkey finger."
76561198024592177,Recommended,242860,23656489,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,sc3mule,love this game. there are different units to choose from and different roles within that unit to pick from. there are not a lot of different maps but still a great game
76561198122518571,Recommended,242860,23627039,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SoundSpllicer,Add an auto balance system already you stupid ♥♥♥♥s
76561198030295375,Recommended,242860,23628481,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,F.A.N.G.,PTSD the game.
,Recommended,242860,23697750,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,cl0ak,"One of my most favorite games to play on steam. I loved it during the beta and i still love it now. A good game when you need to let off some ""steam""...... no ok. But it's a great game and i would without a doubt reccomend this game to anyone looking for a good fps. Great job devs keep up the great work."
76561198044658698,Recommended,242860,23695203,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,doink,"If you have any interest in WW1 history and first person shooters, then Verdun has the potential to be a rewarding experience. Not only does it offer interesting and unique gameplay, but also showcases a relatively accurate and respectful depiction of the war. That being said, it isn't for everyone. It's certainly for a niche audience, with challenging gameplay that fits a simulation shooter of this setting.But, I can't go without mentioning like every game, it has it's own set of flaws. Unfortunately, Verdun suffers from poor performance and dated graphics. Yet I personally find that the mere concept and execution of the game enough for me to look past it's issues and enjoy it as what will probably be the only game to properly realize this concept for a long time."
76561198002050827,Recommended,242860,23696318,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Sybaris,"World War 1 is one epic saga of western humanity (and i would venture it affected the world). It has not been explored  in gaming as much as its latter cousin, world war 2, perhaps because it is obscured in an aura of mystery and perhaps also because of the scale and sheer violence. There is nothing more alien to us humans than to be thrown into a battlefield designed to mass produce death, with supply lines bringing fresh ""meat"". We simply cannot imagine what it was like, and the men who served there definitely deserve to be remembered for what they sacrificed.Verdun (game) obviously cannot recollect the scale of conflict that was WW1, but it can however instill a part of the horror of the smaller trench raids that were made throughout the war. In fact, it has a gruesome way of making us see that life can be lost at any time, anywhere.  Going over the trench and charging into the battlefield under machine gun fire is far from easy, and once the objective is reached, bloody close quarter combat begins. The weapons are different and realistic, quite far from Battlefield series of arcade-styled stuff. If you miss your shot, you'll likely die. If you expose even so much as the top of your helmet, you might get shot...but over time you learn how to ""survive"" that landscape and recognise the traps, while the new players still do the mistakes you learned from.For its price, Verdun gives us gamers an unprecedented glance at one of the least explored war settings in gaming. So of course i recommend it to anyone with curiosity in the setting and who enjoys more realistic first person shooters.One thing that should be told to everyone is that this game improves a lot with friends (like 500%), especially with 3 more friends (and voice chat). The way squads work is made for that sort of play and it will make a whole tactical aspect of the game possible. Also, it may not be all that intuitive at first how things work (managing menus creating squads and stuff), so watching guides and videos will help you get by the less friendlier part of the interface."
,Recommended,242860,23674726,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,holy roman emperor of the world,"is fun, but accidently refunded"
76561198073729994,Recommended,242860,22081368,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Jeepy51,Nothing to say !!
76561198212262104,Recommended,242860,23708105,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,adrien2501,a great fps with a realistic perspective
,Not Recommended,242860,22162184,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,phleabas,"game looked good on review,Reality is it looks bad plays bad and wasnt worth my cash and now it will sit uninstalled in my library i have tried to give it a fair go and waited for updates etc but its terrible.remember folks this is my opinion nothing more nothing less others may not feel the same and this is why the world is not boring"
,Recommended,242860,22144844,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,PFC Knafelc [29ID],"Very well run game, gives the players a taste of what trench warfare would have been like. It uses ""out of bounds"" areas, small rules and pushes to get players to go ""over the top"" and keep the battle from stagnatning. The weapons being used are historically correct and are continually getting better with different squad types. Over all I highly suggest this game to history lovers and first person shooters. Thanks. HUZZAH!"
76561198094332024,Not Recommended,242860,22160073,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,mookypants17,i dont know if i would recommend this game... couple months ago deff would have said no stay away from this game....now they added like 50 guns i think they said but the maps suck.....that is my biggest gripe the maps are horrible if ur going to do trench warfare they need to be closer together... like yea shoot people with only iron sights from far away and the game has this crappy blur to it so u can barely see anything.... if they make better maps i would recommend this game but until then dont waste ur time.
76561198112011044,Recommended,242860,22158693,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Latvia Strong,Great game more WW1 need to be made.
76561198162430661,Recommended,242860,22162567,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,seppuku,"""PTSD Simulator 2016""""10/10 would want to get killed by mortars again""""Real life PTSD with gore on ultra""""kill me""still needs austro-hungary ok"
,Recommended,242860,22142505,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lad The Impaler,"The best WW1 shooter on the market. It's probably the only WW1 shooter on the market, but that does not retract from the fact that this is undoubtedly the best one. Plus there's nothing better than stabbing Germans.9 bayonets out of 10."
,Recommended,242860,22137741,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,rgomezer,I CAN'T GET THE SCREAMS OF AGONY AND THE GURGLING SOUNDS THEY MAKE AS THEY DIE A HORRIBLE PAINFUL DEATH OUT OF MY HEAD. MAKE THEM STOP!
76561198015573561,Recommended,242860,13649564,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MorningGhost,Recent update has added a lot of new content and improved dramatically on the early lag issue. This is one of the most original FPS's out there. Supurbly made game.
,Recommended,242860,22188769,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,BlockCat,"With the new FREE dlc, experience more shell shock, in half the time:Get shot out of nowhereGet roasted by flamethrowersGet blown up out of nowhereGet stabbed out of nowhereGet caught up in barbed wireWatch fallen comrades scream while missing limbs19/14 would Verdun again"
76561198126389719,Recommended,242860,17231022,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MarchAdder,♥♥♥♥ ya m8
76561198098923991,Recommended,242860,22187608,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,General Porker,alright we got thislast positive words before the charge4 men flank the left side3 jump in a crater for cover4th guy flops in deadleader pokes head out of crater to fireslides down the hill deadlast 2 are confused on what to doone charges and one pokes his head upthey got maimedthe end
,Recommended,242860,22190563,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Prussia1991,Just A damn good squad based shooter.
,Recommended,242860,22168010,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[D.W.L]Sir.Toasty420,Very fun... i dont really know how else to describe it. Realistic and with the horrors the war expansion it feels even more immursive than ever. I would recommend 9/10
,Recommended,242860,30744983,Posted: 26 March,all,Mr_Midnight,"Great game, I regret refunding it."
,Recommended,242860,21103490,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SIR TPD,This is great game. you should totttaly get it if your into these types of games.Best thing about this game is the sniping and trench warfare.You dont run into a lot of hackers which is a good thing.No lag issuesNo FPS issues
76561197970384003,Recommended,242860,22198790,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Headmaster,Best point and click game ever
76561198140285272,Recommended,242860,22198922,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lekker lang shlang,Captured a whole trench using a shovel 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,242860,21840275,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Lt. Aldo Raine,"Solid, squad based shooter set in WW1. Realism is present but not overbearing. Historically accurate, as far as I know. The devs really do care about this game and it is updated with new content semi frequently. Think Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm, if they were set in World War 1.Fun with friends!"
76561198192058235,Recommended,242860,21915661,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Millennialman,Blessed game
76561198107223654,Recommended,242860,30734310,Posted: 25 March,all,WindowSmudge,"Game is awesome, love the trench gameplay its an awesome experience"
76561198160328773,Recommended,242860,22169021,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,d1bigdogg,"highly recomende, great game, love the gore update, was wondering why i was not in bits when i was hit in the face by a mortar, keep it up."
76561198048736395,Recommended,242860,22149687,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Maverett,"Verdun is the epitomy of historically accurate FPS games. The developers did a great job releasing a completly free dlc packed with gore, screams for mercy, and 2 completly new nations. +++ would recomend"
76561197988346042,Recommended,242860,22152595,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,PunkShoes,"This game is awesome. Have you ever wanted to feel the thrill and excitment of trench warfare? Climb into the action and relive the horrors of the Western Front. Seriously, this game is a lot of fun. It just keeps getting better and better."
,Recommended,242860,22146622,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Aaron Urbach,"Great game, but the only problem here is optimiaztion"
,Recommended,242860,22151493,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Softman Armstrong,"It's♥♥♥♥♥♥tbqh niger lad kitty snoose. If I wanted to see hit markers and ammo counters I would no scope your mom on Cod 4:MW2 lmao.I put a trench shot in this guy's throat and he said, nbd. Then I got knifed. What the ♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥game.To be serial though, it's cool they included the trench gun after it was in WaW, a good nod to Treyarch. I wish they had the browning 30. cal though and where the ♥♥♥♥ are the japs?all in all I'd recommend it, but it's not very true to world war 2."
,Recommended,242860,22150881,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CrispyBits,"I am in Air Force Cadets, and i can confirm that this game has 10/10 realistic NCOs, who take pleasure in watching you get gassed19/16 would serve corporals... sorry, marshals again"
,Recommended,242860,22194933,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Chaos,"Basically, it's the only pretty good WWI game, and after the last update (""Horrors of War"") it became even better."
76561198031389152,Recommended,242860,25298855,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Witchfinder-General,Hands down the most frustrating game I've ever played.10/10
,Recommended,242860,24698948,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TriCkz™,"Why has this game not received ALOT more attention ? this game is a proper WW1 FPS with awesome graphics , amazing sound and downright ♥♥♥♥ed up gore animations. Theres none of that BS 5 hits then maybe youll get a kill that is found in other FPS games , in verdun if your hit once with a rifle your out like a light. The games gore system is also a huge plus because it adds to the realism of the game, combined with authentic location based maps modeled from actual battle fields of ww1 and the authenting looking/sounding rifles this game is an A+ for an FPS enthusiast. but again as i said the gore is ♥♥♥♥ed up , a guy got shot beside me and had his leg taken clean off and was screaming ""OH GOD HELP ME"" for about 10 seconds........so yea...... 10/10 would see people torn apart again"
76561198128632565,Recommended,242860,25234393,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Miracle WHAP,"This game has amazing potential. The game itself reaches that potential. I do not have that much time in it yet but this is definitely a game worth buying and trying for yourself. Only thing I noticed is that population is low for some reason it is by no means incredibly populated and you have to switch servers depeding on the time of day/week to get into a populated game. There are a few players that just faceroll everyone because they have been playing for a long time. That being said this game feels and looks great, it is well optimized as far as I can tell and it's unique which is something shooters have been lacking greatly the past few years IMO. Now that this game is on sale I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of shooters. I don't want to compare it to anything else but it is close to the way insurgency feels but it feels better and more rewarding even. Take this review with a grain of salt though. I have only played a match and a half so far but seeing as it's on sale now I feel like if you are reading this then you are contimplating getting it and to that I say YES. This game deserves to have a larger population.I can run on ultra at 60fps. My specs are: NVDIA Geforce 750 Ti graphics card and AMD eight core processor."
76561198067008487,Recommended,242860,25234500,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Copefreak52,"Just picked this up on a sale for 10 bucks, I've been wanting this game for a while and it was well worth it! Fun game right from the start, beautiful as well. I've had some small collsion issues around some trenches but it is overall a fun game."
76561198179567527,Recommended,242860,25238331,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sims,"Basicly I love few thing in Verdun , but the main thing is the realism which shows a real horror of I World War . The mix of terryfing no mans land , huge casualities , and the warm of your own trench which you would fight for to the last bretch ... Ladies and gentelmans , this is a real war symulator which bf1 ahve to admire :d"
76561198127461468,Recommended,242860,25225801,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,I'm_Fire_Wolf,"The game is great fun and it is worth the full price but if you don't won't to pay for the full price just wait till it is on sale, like now. A lot of people saying that there is no one playing online but that is false, there are tons of people playing. (In Australia) but i don't know about any other countries. I think they are just going on the game at wrong times like during the day in Australia there is no one but at night there are tons of players.THE GAME:PROSGreat funGood graphicsGreat fun with friendsCONSwould be more fun if peole stayed in your squad near your NCO (Non-Commissioned Officer)because the game is a squad based team game like Battlefield isOverallThe game is fun (especially with friends) so i would give it 9/10"
,Recommended,242860,25225894,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,✪ Sander,"Played a couple of games, started out as a rifleman with some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 8mm Bolt action, fought my way up the ranks to become a squad leader with a fast-action rifle. Me likey.Definitely worth buying with the -66% sale right now!As with a lot of Worldwar based games, you tend to get f****d a lot by things as artillery, snipers etc. but in Verdun this does not seem to be the case. Artillery is limited and chemical weapons are easily countered by pressing 4 and putting on your gasmask, which only limits your view slightly."
,Recommended,242860,25238999,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Pool's Closed,"A new Verdun player will notice a slighly enormous learning curve, especially if said player is used to other FPS multiplayers. Your opponents and you typically die after one rifle shot, making running around like a child with a toy gun impossible. You HAVE to take cover, you HAVE to treat your opponents as threats, and you HAVE to shoot straight. This all makes for some very immersive gameplay, and some very angry BF and CoD fanatics. Another thing is that this game revolves around teamwork; your team's success or failure often relying on communication between teammates. On some maps, it can seem impossible to take the enemies' first trench, which makes it all the more satisfying when you do.So basically, if you like realistic, immersive FPS -and don't mind a bit of trial and error- I'd definitely recommend this game.If you like running around like an escaped mental patient with a machinegun to build up your K:D, type up ""Battlefield 1"" on google."
76561197960394778,Recommended,242860,24606887,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,CemeteryMan,"Once you get past the slight learning curve you will find a highly enjoyable shooter, well worth the asking price. The Frontlines mode is a new and excellent gamemode not found in other shooters."
76561198141848264,Recommended,242860,25239200,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TheCuddlyT-Rex,"A good WW1 simulator, would recommend if you like low ttk shooters, with objective play. Pretty hardcore game, and does get repetitive, although it does create some awesome moments in which you're running through an enemy trench, no-scoping countless Germans with your Lee-Enfeld, or driving your bayonet through them. Good fun, if you like ""hardcore"" shooters."
,Recommended,242860,25239212,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Blunder Sunder,"I'm actually refunding the game - but only because I'm just not good enough at FPS's to enjoy it - but that's no fault of the game - which is really well put together. Great modes, lots of progression, nice atmosphere and environments. If you can keep up with the kids or have cat like reflexes then I highly recommend it."
76561198065431004,Recommended,242860,25239475,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,snoogems45,Trust Me its a good game to play with friends nice looks i had it since it was early accses and its gotten better its a must get for ww1 fans 1000/10 would get shot by that guy 100 yards away anytime
76561198156179710,Recommended,242860,25235853,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dayman0,Shells flying  all over the place  squad  members  drops dead around  meA German  dude with a fancy mustache  always  screeming at meNCO told me to attack  and then executed  me for not returning  fastAfter 3 hours  of playing  i had to sleep with my parents  traumatisedBut with all seriousnessThis game is great i was planning  to buy it for a long time but somehow  a forgot  about it yesterday  saw it on sale and grabbed  it immediatelyIts a hardcore FPS i love bolt action  weapons  and i love that era so i had no problems  diving  right inThis game totally  worth it full price or on sale
76561198072517456,Recommended,242860,21696355,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,thebradferd,Love this game! Realistic damage along with great use of squad play! If you have friends to play with this game is perfect
,Recommended,242860,21775749,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,pressurized meme,"I have a number of reasons to like this game.1) Camping is actually PART of the game, if you run around like you do in COD then you're pretty much dead.2)Very realistic. Both visually and gameplay-wise.3)As the game says, a lot of research was put into it to get the facts right. Weapons aren't extremely inaccurate like they're in CS:GO, but aren't extremely accurate, take the Webely Revolver for example.4)Addicting.This has to be one of my all-time favorites. It's worth all $23."
76561198085369100,Recommended,242860,21875200,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Philosoraptor78,love it
76561198039825119,Recommended,242860,21843552,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Deus Vult,Dank
76561198011289645,Recommended,242860,21854996,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,marcus0111,"Jumps out of trenches and kneels down, shooting two guys, then jumps down in the trenches and empties my revolver in two more before getting executed after getting stuck in barbed wires10/10 would get stuck again"
76561198119206742,Recommended,242860,21792166,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,James_The_Tommie,Its a really good game i cant say anything bad about it execpt the squad system. it would be nice if the squad levels got bigger as you played in your own or others. and did not reset every time you start a new game. also it could be nice if there was like a both camp hub thing for both sides to hang out in and sign into misions. but afterall verdun is a really good game i played the alpha on kongregate and fell in love whit it and since bougth it. its also really fun to think like oh thats a head bang nope thats a piece of a bi plane and the suddenly bang your head gets blowed off. well thax for a good game and keep devolping. cant wait to fire canons if thats going to be added but i hope controleabble artellery is going to be a thing
,Recommended,242860,21781948,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Lamb Sauceror,"To summarise this game quickly, Verdun is a fun, intriguing and cool experience.Now, one of the most iconic concepts in the game is the genre itself, it takes place during the Great War (First World War) from 1914 - 1918 during the battle of Verdun. This is very unique because VERDUN IS THE ONLY SHOOTER GAME THAT TAKES PLACE IN THE GREAT WAR! There are way too many World War II games that i've lost count and barely any at all for the First World War. The only WW1 games you will find is either this and some strategy games. It's such a forgotten about idea and I hope that this will start a new line of WW1 games.Now there are some things that aren't so good about the game. The fact that this is a FULL RELEASE doesn't make it feel like one. There should be more maps spanning across the French/Belgium border however there are still enough maps for the state the game is in. Another thing is that the gameplay itself doesn't feel finished and that there should be more too it, the graphics are great but the GUI needs tweaking. Arial white, red and yellow text on the screen doesn't suit the way the game looks. Make the text look old fashioned.I've played only Trench Warfare as that is what WW1 was all about so I don't really have much to say about Team Deathmatch but its probably just the usual shoot-each-other concept. Also add some animations for the player deaths. The way the dead body just goes to this floppy ragdoll as soon as he takes a bullet makes it look kinda unusual, maybe show the dying soldier with his hand covering his wound whilst slowing falling back and then dying, kinda like in GTA but were not comparing a game like that here!You play as three different nations. The French, the English and the Germans. Remember that the game takes place during the battle of Verdun so the Italians, Greeks, Russians and Americans arent invoved here. The thing I don't like is how the make the nations look kinda silly. The English and French with the curled moustaches and monocles made me cringe a little bit. The teams are still realistic and great though.The maps and the artillery are coolest parts. The developers took the trench warfare and mapping seriously. It seemed so immersive to be running across no-mans land holding a Kar98 bolt-action rifle with mortars blowing up all over the place, trenches and barbed wire all over the field. The developers executed the progressive action of the trench battles really well. Having to use the trenches to the advantage, dangerously running across no-mans land in massive teams while getting shot at, sniping and using machine guns from the trenches, planes and bombs flying across the sky and silently waiting for the right moment before charging to the other trenches was just so fun!The combat consists of bolt-action rifles, machine guns, pistols and explosives. The combat is long range because you would be hiding in your trench, picking off the enemy one-by-one on the other side of the map unless they're running through no-mans land like an idiot. The gameplay is not as ridiculous as games like CoD or CSGO because teamwork is a must to claim the battlefield. People will the hiding in MG spots, other will be sniping with their rifles. Some will be firing mortars at the enemy and others will be spying on enemy activity with their binoculars or the recon plane will fly above. All while working together like a big happy family (except it's not happy) and waiting for the right moment before charging through no-mans land in a team to claim the enemy areas. It gets hectic when the enemy charges into your trench and all you can do is keep your gun out for any enemy that will pop around corner, unless you die and you have to retreat.Overall, M2H and Blackmill Games have executed the concept extremely well and will potentially start a new line of WW1 games. The game is a realistic, intriguing and fun experience and is a must buy. Although the game should've stayed in Early Access for a longer time, the game is in a very playable and completed state.Graphics - 8/10Sound - 7.5/10Gameplay - 9/10Communtiy - 8.5/10Mechanics - 8/10Concept - 10/10Overall - 8.5/10. A-"
76561198156280370,Not Recommended,242860,17348783,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,NinjaGuy98,"I liked the game, it really shows the war atmosphere but it keeps crashes after like 10 mins i launch it. I never had something like this in my other games and i really want to play it. Im not gonna recommend it just because of this."
,Recommended,242860,11487350,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Rybec,Verdun is sort of like an arcadey Red Orchestra that has no vehicles. The game entirely focuses on trench warface in World War 1 with waves of attacking and defending the lines of trenches through attacks and counterattacks. You're highly encouraged to play in a squad of four with varying roles. After playing with the same people for a while you start to unlock neat little perks to help you out as you play.
76561198289528423,Recommended,242860,21678123,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mouse - the reelst,"Verdun is love, Verdun is life."
76561198046846451,Recommended,242860,21685985,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Cherry,10/10 Would get 5 man Kobe's again.
,Recommended,242860,21676679,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Led Zeppelin,I love this game so much its a fun game unlike call of duty futuristic stuffyou also have to work as a team11/10
,Recommended,242860,21676766,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Alex1296,-load up verdun-play as imperial germany-Play Königgrätzer Marsch-fur das vaterland
76561198123674664,Recommended,242860,21676900,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sanic Speeds,"A well balanced FPS that gives us a break from the free-to-play/pay-to-win fps's, and at the same time something that isn't WWII or Call of Fieldbattle 18: Double-Future Ops Deluxe.The maps  are well designed and created. The gameplay, however, is totally based on outsmarting the enemy, as no one really has a strict advantage. Bullets do have to travel, there's no infamous killcam, and tracers are practically non-existent. It's just fight for the enemy's trench or hold the line!First time players: get ready to die a lot. But by the time you've played a full match or two, you'll understand this game, and will excel very fast. The cost to own this game is well worth it.Totally recommend this game for the seasoned FPS player"
76561198000139087,Recommended,242860,21721801,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,jOHNOh,"""Over the wall, boys! Go go go!""We ran as fast as we could through the hail of gunfire, muddied boots stomping on scorched ground. The landscape was filled with craters made from weeks of constant artilery fire. I heard the familiar rattling of machine-gun fire up ahead as xKITTYSMASHERx fell dead in front of me. I leapt over his body into the crater that he almost reached. Gripping my rifle, I peeked out of cover to see the familiar shape of a German helmet, grey and rounded. A constant stream of shots rang out through the air followed by an explosion that blasted inside of a crater not far from mine. My gaze was steady on the helmet, as I was fighting to not think about the ever growing number of fallen comrades. Taking aim, I pulled the trigger and felt the familiar kick of recoil, only to miss the shot. There was yelling in the trench up ahead.Cursing, I ducked back into cover for a brief moment as bullets whizzed past my hole. Eventually, mustering up the courage to try again, I took one more peak. The helmet was still there. I cocked my rifle and took aim once more, being extra careful to line up the ironsights properly. I held my breath to still my pounding heart if only for a moment.Time seemed to slow as as my rifle spat out a flash of rage. Just one of many. I hit my mark and saw blood spray out into a shadowy mist in the distance. But the helmet didn't move at all. More yelling. Another explosion off to the far right. As the blood spray settled, I came to to the realization that the spray wasn't blood.The death whistle of artillery flying through the air grew louder as it descended on my position.I was shooting a rock.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Verdun is a historical WW1 era FPS that offers a fresh perspective on the genre. This ain't Call of Duty. On loading screens, instead of some quote from Sun Tzu or something, you get a little piece of real history, which is pretty neat.The game emphasizes squad-based teamwork by putting players in groups of 4, with each player having a unique role in the squad in terms of their armament. Squads have their strengths and weaknesses. Some are great at assaulting trenches, armed with grenades and bayonets. Others are fantastic defenders, providing machine-gun support. Some are equipped for reconnaisance and surgical strikes, with binoculars, mortar fire, and rifle scopes.The main mode is the Frontlines mode, where teams alternate between attack and defense in hopes of capturing trenches/territory. There's also a free-for-all deathmatch mode.This game is ruthless in terms of difficulty. Most everyone dies in one hit with a few exceptions, which really creates a sense of danger when running through no-man's-land as you desperately sprint through artillery fire in search of some hole to hide in for a moment. This game requires methodical and patient offense. If you run around taking potshots you'll just end up waiting to respawn for most of the game. If you don't work with your squad, it's hard to be effective.Gameplay aside, the community has a brand of humor of it's own, making fart jokes when someone drops gas, and coming up with squadnames such as ""Squadward"" and ""A Gentle Caress of The Inner Thigh"".This game falls under a solid B+/A- range due to it's innovative perspective on the FPS genre, as well as it's charming community. The developers care about the game as they release updates on a regular basis.It's worth buying."
76561198059147593,Recommended,242860,23873331,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RNG,Gave me ptsd. I remember seeing my friend fall ill to mustard gas. I still have nightmares of the day when a german corporal called in a morter strike on my squad. O the good ol' days. Do you remember those days? Peppridge farms remembers.
76561197982670688,Recommended,242860,23873136,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,obiewon,"How to Play Verdun>Load game>Joins online game>Spawns as a German next to a guy shooting from a pit while prone>Joins him>We become freinds>We kill many Doughboys (rip)>Learns that our attack succeded>We run to the next trench>Me and my freind are both hit by machine gun fire>Can't find my arm>My freind survives>He leaves to die in the mud>I respawn right next to the same guy>We become freinds again>We chill in the trench and we talk about stuff>We hear another German cry for his momma>Someone looks over the trench>Immediatly is killed>We wait in the trench scared>Learn that our attack was repelled>We wait in the trench alert>I shoot a Doughboy and his leg falls off>He starts screaming violently>I shoot him again ending his misery>I tell myself, ""It kill or be killed"">My freind and I look at eachother>We look up>We see a U.S. Doughboy with a flamethrower>We panic>My freind fires missing him>We painfully die from burns>Respawns>Can't find my freind>I look for him>I accidently jump into barbed wire>I die>WE WIN!109/10 would win again"
,Recommended,242860,23873989,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Refaim,"Amazing video game. I agree that the squads shouldn't be historically acurate, No need to leave out the US for much of the war. 10/10, would get trench foot again."
76561198024003646,Recommended,242860,23873990,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,wolfdenizen,"I will not deny there are bugs with the game.  Such as no way to kill yourself if you get stuck in terrain, or as one person did, fall through the map (eventually killed the player after about 2-3 minutes), but its a fun fps with a reliance on squad.  Now like a Battlefield game, people can go off on their own and say screw the squad, but it rewards those who actually work together.Pros--Battlefields with plenty of cover or approaches-Squad leveling perks-Simple unlock system, 1 point = one gun set for a class-Fast paced leveling (isnt a grind to get those points/weapons)-Gore option (put that poor screaming man out of his misery)-Great selection of weapons to chose from.Cons--Barbwire-Some preferential treatment of weapons/gear based on side-Animation leading to breaking cover (i.e. while you prone crawl up to a lip of a hill, others see your torso sticking up, like you are prone into the air)-Autobalance is up to the players (though the point penalty for not balanced hurts them, it doesnt seem like points have that big of a roll on your overall career)-No rearming except for death.-Matching making system sometimes doesnt put extra squads into a match (just have to back out if the other team leaves)-Barbwire (really should be able to cut/destroy this...)Preferred  changes to gameplay--Ammo Boxes-NCO ability selection (choose from 2 for each one, not just set based on squad)-Landmines-Terrain destruction / Terraforming (pioneer class putting out sandbags as an example)"
76561198137371455,Recommended,242860,23873016,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LupSur,"Awesome game, took over of almost 100% of my free time :).There are some minor problems thou, like little bit of lags in my opinion and the spawning near you officer is a little bit of a.... clear death if he is near enemy lines.Anyway, its a very good game!"
76561198179764667,Recommended,242860,23873046,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Space Jesus,It is fun. I suck at this game but it is fun
76561198051656402,Recommended,242860,23843803,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,91 ez,Julien achète ce jeu
76561198106041396,Recommended,242860,20779487,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,larmoth,"Logged on and joined as the French, charged German line, saw Mr Sark, shot Mr Sark in the face, walked round the corner, saw random german, shot him in the face, continued down trench, saw Seananners, shot, gun jammed, beat Seananners in the slong with the butt of my carbine, kill him with said slong wacking.Best WW1 game ever,May cause PTSD."
,Recommended,242860,23804554,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ghiro,Better than Battlefield 1.
76561198311095105,Recommended,242860,24076880,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Santa Claus,just a great game nothing really like it. love it the gameplay feels great there are great maps. call of duty should take a look at this game so that they know how you make a fun multiplayer game
76561198118219378,Recommended,242860,20635757,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Metalman7,"i made a negative  review for this game. if you're getting destroyed, switch to a new match. thats it, this game takes practice. give it time."
76561198107362627,Recommended,242860,24080960,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,RoyalMuffin,11/10 this game makes me value my life
,Recommended,242860,24082350,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Creme Fraiche,A nice wargame. More people should play it.
76561198102072108,Recommended,242860,24096278,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[SMOL]StepOnALego,"The FitnessGram(TM) Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep.] A signal lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding.] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start."
76561198046281947,Recommended,242860,24093709,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BUTTER,Amazing !
76561198138001394,Recommended,242860,16681335,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Chumgamer,Great game but maps are the worst thing about it.The smgs are the more op then in an game .The maps are horrible but theres only one good one.
76561198067175770,Recommended,242860,15482485,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,firebird163,"This game is great, alot of fun. And at alot of times very intense. You cant just run around. You have to prepare for every move. And with the expansion the game was improved so much. And I love the unique leveling system. (How you restart your squad bonuses when you leave). BUT I WOULD reeeeeaally love if you had to unlock guns by level, or work towards something. I always seem to have points for weapons. So I feel there is no progressing.9/10- Great game, give it a shot! Once they add waaaayy larger maps and vehicles, there will be no stopping this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*****PLEASE ADD CONTROLLER VIBRATION*****!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198063361133,Recommended,242860,24064203,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Noot,Really good. Needs more maps though.
,Recommended,242860,24064027,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Merciful Swamp,"A great game. I like being the sniper and then when I see those blue coat with red cap or the ranger looking fella getting out of their mud pit I take a shot, they never know where I am!"
,Recommended,242860,30813148,Posted: 29 March,all,jhmelott25,Unforgiving as ♥♥♥♥. True to the historical accuracy. Razorwire is a ♥♥♥♥♥ if you get caught.
76561198124038474,Recommended,242860,23956048,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nukewave,"Very good game, gave me ptsd from all the mortar strikes and flamethrower troops. half my games ended in truces and you really feel like a worthless meatbag in a confusing war. worth ever penny"
,Recommended,242860,23979151,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Slow Cooker,"Game asked me to write a review, and proceded to crash 10/10"
76561198025342313,Recommended,242860,23968056,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Biggus Dickus,IT IS VERY GOD BUT GROUND IS TOO FRIM. 5/7
,Recommended,242860,24039108,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,repdetect0,"A very well made game that does something that is next to impossible: It is both realistic and fun.With the gore settings set to ultra, you will be in for a suprisingly dark time, much like the reality of the war itself. Some events can seem nearly haunting as they occur in the midst of the chaos of battle. You may be side by side with a buddy in a trench, only to have him take a hit and collapse, screaming in pain. And his screams are giving away your position. And you know he is done for. And you have a bayonet. And the smouldering chunk of what was once the NCO is tangled in the barb wire. And the booms. And the whistles. And the whistle means they are about to charge. Again."
,Recommended,242860,24037523,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Miles_of_Memes,"Hard to get into, very difficult, not noob friendly, and would be considered ""boring"" by most FPS fans.Majority of gameplay takes place in trenches. Or running for your life to get to the next crater in No Man's Land.You'll die. A lot.Dead horses with their guts falling out inside some craters.10/10 best WW1 simulator."
,Recommended,242860,24037666,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SKINNYPENIS.upgrade.gg,really fun game. if your good at cod dont think you will be good at this. takes time to learn. but if you dont mind totalyworth your time
,Recommended,242860,24035647,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Blunted,"Ran up trench and got shot in the head, thought I was in for a bad buy, no tut or any help at all from game. Spectated a bit to learn a couple things. Switched classes and proceeded to pick off multiple enemies while prone behind some bushes. Couldnt believe how good I was doing for a first play, then I realized a couple hours went by.WOW this game is exciting, the bullet penetration is spot on, I feel accomplished after shooting someone, the back and forth attack and defend gameplay is fun. The only bad things I can say are they stright up lied on the graphics, not as good as in the video, they need a NEW PLAY TUT, I had no Idea I could switch classes, or really what to do when in game other than attack/defend, doesnt seem to be that many players, only 600 max when I was logging on.Other than that a great realistic game, one bullet kills, so dont expect to be unloading clips, its really slow paceds and tatical, no run n gun, work with team and secure victory. Had watched vids on youtube and was turned off from the purcchase, I would grab it if your having a hard time deciding the price was worht it ! A SWEET DEAL"
,Recommended,242860,24035983,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Absolutely Haram,"Very fun game. Historically accurate guns and battles. Needs work on bugs/glitches. (one match everyone was suddenly not able to shoot each other; which made for a good reenactment of the Christmas Truce) Shooting is super fun.The hard part is getting people to actually participate. Most people don't want to charge into the trench because they're afraid of dying? I think? Who knows. Maybe just lazy and don't want to be arsed to run back to the front.All in all, very very fun game. Looking forward to more updates. Would enjoy seeing Austrian and Hungarian armies added. Would also like to more maps, play modes, etc."
76561198010139547,Recommended,242860,24039668,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,IronRaider16,"Pros - The game is fun.  It actually requires some skill.  Very unlikely to just run around 360noscoping people.  Simulates WWI pretty well.  Mow people down with an MG until someone throws a potato masher at your feet.  The game modes force players to actively participate.  No campers unless your on defense, and its hard to stick your head out of the trench for too long before you get some extra lead supplements lodge in it.Cons - High level players have figured out all the maps and where the spawns are etc and will kill you over and over and over again.  You will die. A lot.  That being said you get better quickly and you earn career points fast enough to get better weapons and so on pretty early.Overall 5/7 good WWI FPS."
76561198131822990,Recommended,242860,24037563,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rangatron,It would be nice to see Tanks as they were influential in The First World War and their are very few games with them
76561197997111954,Recommended,242860,24020576,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[AdBaient] Effix,14/18.Would underrate a game to make bad puns again.
76561198058855052,Recommended,242860,24025174,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vladislav,Such a underated game this. :P
76561197971024817,Recommended,242860,24027294,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,*DJ*Hitman_1303,Just in love with this game. Game runs decent on my machine but I was hoping it would run better on AMD hardware. Graphics aren't bad but more optimization could be used. Game is amazing and as real as WW1 gets.AMD FX 8350AMD 7950 3 gig16 gigs ddr 3 ramWindows 10Corsair 750 watt psuCorsair gaming gt ssd
76561198089347778,Recommended,242860,24029104,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,I_R_MuRRaY,"Verdun (AKA = the most best WW1 simulator ever) is the realiest, bloodiest and awsomiest gameplay experience your gonna get for a WW1 theme game. Hell it can even beat battlefield 1 attempt on a WW1 game as Verdun manages to capture the brutal realism in the game for the players unlike battlefield does which what makes Verdun a fantastic game. When I bought the game and got straight into the frontlines I found myself:-Charging through no mans land like a noob and mowed down by machine gun fire.- rethought my tactics-crawling through the dead bodies and mud in no mans land once i respawned.- saved my advancing squad lives by shooting a enemy defender in the head with a Webly and obliterated another with my Mills Grenade while i was near the enemy trench.- tried to crawl to a sweetspot in a entrance in the enemy trench in a attempt to breach into it but i could'nt since there was bloody limbs and fallen bodies at the entrance blocking my view inside.- the typical NCO in my squad acting like a typical officer in the WW1 called a gas strike in my position in the enemy trench.- almost died trying to figure out the gas mask button, once i did get on could'nt see or hear a thing except heavy breathing and the outline of the enemy trench and a figure in the green mist. (freind or foe?)- approched the figure and brutally beat the jerry to death, started to feel vulnerable being only person in the enemy trench.- 3 more figures appeared in front at the far end of the trench, paniciking i ran outside the trench and now i had to retreat back to my trench to defend it because i was orderded to.- dodged machine gun and rifle fire which hit my friends dead-almost got blew up twice- got back to my trench with my fellow tommies and a brewed together a nice hot cup of tea to celebrate the mini great offensive i did10/10 would go on a glorious, epic trench raid again10/10 great uncle/father simulator10/10 would 360 webly revolver no scope enemy in the head10/10 'die you jerry!' 'die you tommies' alternative name simulator10/10 WW1 simulator10/10 pretending to be hitler before he came into power and came a dictator (thats right he was a corpral in the war)another thing as well the deveolpers are amazing, free dlc and more upcoming dlc and beutiful gameplay to offer which isnt bad for £10"
76561198137705946,Recommended,242860,24029413,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Terrorbite,"For 9 pounds this game i awesome. If you have a good graphics card, the graphics and textures are amazing and not to mention its great fun! Defiantly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,242860,24004739,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Acoward,"Really nice game. I would highly recommend picking it up.The basics can be learned quickly, but the details can be difficult to master. Its fun when playing with friends. If you like realistic-ish shooters, you will like Verdun. If you like fast paced games like cod or battlefield, then this may seem too weird to you. If you like tactical arma, in first person, you will like this."
,Recommended,242860,24005135,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,rayduckerthe4th,"Great game right here. Insanely realistic, and fun. One can tell that the devs put a lot of hard work into the game, I recommend this game for anyone into the time period and genre!"
76561198285883357,Recommended,242860,24007572,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Team.Project RvE,great ww1 game only the nades are so terrible 8/10
,Recommended,242860,23993198,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,-Tactical_Error-,"It is the best game I have, and you know what would make it better.A story mode."
76561198138391940,Recommended,242860,23987295,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TommeT,"Fun game, even better when playing with friends"
,Recommended,242860,18224037,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,TanCmaster,I love this game because its quick and detailed. I cant wait to read what every update has in store for us.
76561198249643826,Recommended,242860,18119799,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,chefboyardee,"I once screamed in frustration so loudly after being mortared that my dorm head had to go check on me. I've also felt like I will cry in fear when a trench is covered in gas and the opposing team and you can't see anything. I have also ragequit multiple times after dying three seconds after spawning. I am still a noob, but I can't wait to get good at this game.10/10 would scream again"
76561198117870523,Recommended,242860,18122016,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,rushhour99,.
,Recommended,242860,18122688,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Solvictus,"I've never played a game quite like this. There is alot that got put into this game and they have so far done a great job. Here and there you run into some glitches or cant spawn in but it is very rare. As far as accuracy on weapons, uniforms, etc they have done an excellent job. I love this game and everyone i get to play it with me has a blast as well. I highly recommend this game to anyone."
76561198160579333,Recommended,242860,18123334,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Sossul,"After only a little whil on this beauty im glad i bought it. A very nice WW1 game, get some friends and fight back on the front lines."
76561198071401532,Recommended,242860,18124434,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,TheInnerDINNER,"The first WW1 game I've ever played. I was hesitant about this at first. Trench warefare seems boring, and i didnt think it could be executed well. I was very wrong. Authentic maps and weapons really give this a real feel. One-hit kills with a rifle or machine gun really makes this game tense, especially when storming a trench. A variety of classes and nations to play as gives this a lot of chances to find your spot on the battlefield. All the classes are balenced so there wont be 10 snipers running around. And if they did run around, they would die almost instantly from an unknown location somewhere on the opposite side.Amazingly well done game and historically accurate."
76561198080488667,Recommended,242860,18125296,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,+    JBRACING,This is a great game that really puts alot of effort into realism. The game is really good at portraying the raw fear of crossing no-mans land. It requires teamwork as there is not any customization. However it is an easy game to get into that you can jump right in.I would highly recommend this game and been playing for a long time now and only good things to say about the Devs.10/10
,Recommended,242860,18125457,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,you know I had to ring a ding a,"A one of a kind WW1 game with amazing sound, voice acting, historical accuracy and an actual factor of fun and enjoyment. It's better with friends but public players are an okay replacement."
76561198036232879,Recommended,242860,18178933,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Soulreaper218,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198132859381,Recommended,242860,18277304,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Régime de Vichy,"This game is amazing, i would recommend it to anyone who likes first person shooters and realism.definately worth the price!"
76561198003514518,Recommended,242860,18267912,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Albinoloach,A beginners guide to Verdun.Step 1: DieStep 2: Repeat Step 1 a few dozen times.Step 3: Feel so frustrated you're about to quit.Step 4: Get a kill.Step 5: Feel exhilirated.Step 6: Go back to Step 1.Repeat process as needed.
76561198132868782,Recommended,242860,25698528,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Moonman,"Exciting, really realistic and overall good game about the horrors of world war one."
76561198127016052,Recommended,242860,25719173,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kaiser,Amazing good game
76561198159781302,Recommended,242860,25734248,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Snort 🅱epis,So I bought this gameGot into a match with a friendTook 1 step out of hole I spawned inGame ends in draw19/18 would draw in 5 seconds again
76561198163570340,Recommended,242860,25511710,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Otterbother,"It is a really good and realistic game, with many hours of fun! Wish there were more games like this!"
76561198145661485,Recommended,242860,25531144,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ya Boii,good game:)
76561197996231167,Recommended,242860,25430959,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Malcrow,"It still has many flaws, and the gameplay is a bit wonky as well as its ragdoll and animation, but the experience is well worth the price. 8/10 for now, maybe 9/10 if all bugs are fixed."
,Recommended,242860,25429969,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,The gaming haribo,BLOWN UP BY ARTILLERY SIMULATOR 2016
76561198117032410,Recommended,242860,25435190,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,zeenk727,"hello everyone who reads this, i purchased this game for around $7 and am glad of it because the game itself in my eyes inst worth $20 and here is why.1. once's you run out of ammo there is only one way to git more, and that's suicide.2.the game crashes a lot and files git corroded vary easily.now on the flip side this game brings a battle style that is rare and does so in quite a nice manner. when it comes down to it the game has a few bugs in it that could easily be fixed and some day most likely will but until then don't git this game if your expecting a complete game that is not in beta. this game should still be in beta..."
,Recommended,242860,25435505,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Midnight Messiah,"WW1 trench warfare which heavily impacts your skills and fast time reaction, as one rifle bullet kills you most of the time and you can't hipfire a weapon without losing accuracy, an important detail to remember when death lurks around every trench corner.p.s game can be quite unforgiving"
76561198038898844,Recommended,242860,25432843,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ArsenicFire,"An authentic simulation of World war 1, with solid and slow paced gameplay reflecting the stalemate of the western front. The mix of light and heavy machine guns, bolt action weapons and pistols, and rarely an SMG or other type of weapon, provides a unique experience that most games will not offer."
76561198235704656,Recommended,242860,23059649,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,*Tuck,"Honestly most realistic ww1 first person shooter ive seen out there , id love to see more nationalities on the central powers side and most of all horses ... or even tanks! but thats just the mind wandering. Definitely recommend it , i think its worth the buy now to see a game with so much potential grow up and be a pretty awesome game. Thanks for making it! and thanks for reading !"
76561198043679137,Recommended,242860,23055347,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CybeRTootH,Unique atmosphere (partly due to lack of games in the period but mostly because of how the game is made)Very intense gameplayGreat experience whether playing with strangers or friendsHistory geek or FPS pro this is a must have
,Recommended,242860,23078257,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Darth Expo,"A fun game to hop in to and engage in some trench warfare. It's a nice break from fast twitch arcade shooters like CoD, you actually have to plan your attacks and mindlessly running in will get you killed in a heartbeat. I see myself playing a lot more of this in the future. The game does a good job of capturing the WWI trench warfare feel."
,Recommended,242860,23008001,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Haunted Bliss,This game is so historically accurate. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys military history and FPS.
76561198060251156,Recommended,242860,22985811,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Fb||Intervention,This game is unique and shows the untappedPotential of the ww1 genre and yea it's good9/10
,Recommended,242860,23007031,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,The Chainsmokers,"You watch a video on ""The Great War"" channle, Then you get on steam and load this game up, spawn in as a German officer and always use that 1888 pistol (i think) and shot every one, call in artiliry and kill half the enermy team cause they decided all to go and hide in the left corner of your treanch, win the round and rank up and then wait for that 12 year old to say ""♥♥♥♥ING HACKER!"" , GG"
76561198061091777,Recommended,242860,23030116,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,laespada5,"great game, glad to see such polish and work put into a game by such a small team, goes to show that you don't need a million dollar budget and lame♥♥♥♥♥gimmicks to make a well playing and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,242860,23030451,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Jackywolfie,I really like this game. It has evolved so much! And its turning into an amazing game which is only going to get better. Its the WW1 First Person Shooter that we have all been waiting for! Its a great game to just jump on and get stuck in! I would definetly recomend it!
76561197997986687,Recommended,242860,23025778,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Kapten Rödskägg,Dificult but really good game.Some matches you get killed 239 timmes and other you are a god of war and kill those who stand agains might germany!
,Recommended,242860,23033477,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Morn The Sodomizer Of Skulls,"It's brutal, it's depressing and it's fun for everyone involved."
76561198078785277,Recommended,242860,23351757,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,HOL HORSE,"How to become Trench rambo and ♥♥♥♥ up a team death match server1. Equip trench shotgun and club as secondary(for fun)2, Right when the round begins, run along the outside of the map to the other side where the enemies spawned3. Clear trench by hip firing at any resistance, those who are not paying attention get clubbed in the back of the head4. Run to other trench and do same if neccessary, causing allies to be on both side and enemies spawned in middleIf completed, you willl be the bane of snipers in no time"
,Recommended,242860,23346169,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,zeroWaffles,"They killed Ole Johny Boy, I can see his hitler mustache a mile away. Then all of a sudden boom he was gone in nomans land. #RIPOleJohnyBoy"
,Recommended,242860,23337342,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Numerous Crab202,"1.Realism2.Athmopshere of WW13.Free large updates (like horrors of war)4.Large variety of squads5.Music6.Friendly community of the game7.Highly detailed weapons and costumes8.Large variety of maps9.World War 1 gamethe finest, and most realistic ww1 game out there, to date.10/10"
76561198082001965,Recommended,242860,23333848,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Bergentrückung,"This game is good for people who actually like slow paced, carful and, consise fps games. its not run and gun, its historically acurate where you take your time and advance or defend trenches. They come out with free dlc content and semi regular updates. I would reccomend this game highly to anyone thinking about purchasing it."
76561198297311977,Recommended,242860,23381372,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MAXJIAOJB,awesome game!!!!!  bought a 4 package by mistake......... sad..............
76561198007781168,Recommended,242860,23381518,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Baldrick,"In the immortal words of Private S. BaldrickBoom, Boom, Boom, Boom,Boom, Boom, Boom,Boom, Boom, Boom, Boom,Boom, Boom, Boom"
,Recommended,242860,23445657,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TeflonKon,"When you load in, you load in to battle. This isn't an FPS where you're in an arcade arena with weapons, you're in the middle of a war. It's messy and you die often.Every time you successfully hold a trench with your squad, bolt actioning 4 - 5 enemies to death amidst blood, gore, and the screams of fallen enemies as shells and bullets rain down on you, Ifeel a sense of pure exihliration that I haven't felt in any other game. I feel both relieved and proud. It's an incredible rush.An accurate depiction of WW1 combat. Solid squad based play. Varied weapons. Great capture model. 110% recommendation."
,Recommended,242860,23425881,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Phobos88,Very good game. No pay structure. Free updateds. Brutal trench warfare. If you buy make sure to go to options and turn gore to ultra!
76561198025492246,Recommended,242860,23429482,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mr.Jack442,"You will die a lot and very little progress will be madeMost fun I've had being rubbish at a shooter since the first HaloBuy this game, but don't be a tosspot in the chat. This isn't COD."
,Recommended,242860,22982015,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,FAT 13,PROPER GOOD
,Recommended,242860,22982074,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Botchers,"I have been playing Verdun since it first came out and all I have to say is that it keeps me coming back. There is not another game like this one, even when Battlefield 1 drops I will still be coming back to play Verdun. One thing for gamers looking to buy this game, it is not like Cally of Duty where people go 50-0, expect to die...ALOT. It is truly a great game though, if you do not have it buy it!"
76561198217513057,Recommended,242860,22979524,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Jordu,This game gave me PTSD11/10 would play again
,Recommended,242860,22978254,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Avec,"A very enjoyable game.  Can be a bit overwhelming at first but after an hour or two you start to get the hang of it.The environment feels natural and realistic. The maps are far from boring and you seem to find new places all the time.Many classes, roles, squads, abilities and weapons.I am looking forward to playing more and hopefully updates to come in the future.Things I think could be better:- Often to short time to be able to redraw and then U die- If you get tangled in barbed wire, go back slowly. If not U die. You do not die in barbed wire but it might take time to get out of. Also you can be hurt.- You have only three positions. Standing, crouching and prone. It like the way they have implmented the posibility to adjust your hight with the scroll wheel in ""Escape from Tarkov"". I think this should be the standard in all FPS games in the future :-)  See this video at 10 minhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJfcaCmMy7c"
76561198082453277,Recommended,242860,12437114,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[28th] Kronk,the game is good now men))))))))))))
76561198290017266,Recommended,242860,23111902,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Noyes Nomad,"Played for half an hour, got smashed by Germans left, right, and center. This game is really all about team work and being making you afraid of corners cause there is an enemy around every one. It really highlight how stressfull and scary trench warfare must of been. But all in all I can see myself getting into this game after many hours of pratice.  10/10 would trench again."
,Recommended,242860,23111968,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,FTSheartlessYo,10/10 would get stuck in barbed wire again.
,Recommended,242860,23147697,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,RadConAa,"So, I just passed the 10 hour mark, and while that is not nearly enough playtime for me to give a comprehensive review. I thought I'd give a short rundown of my experience so far.The pacing of the game is slow compared to the big AAA games, like Battlefield and Call of Duty. Unfortunately, this mere sentence might put someone off from trying this. Slow, does not mean that it is boring or easy. Neither does it mean that you can't make plays. In the trenches, your reflexes and aim will determine whether you'll survive the encounters, and if you succeed, the encounter will leave you satisfied.As much as I love the pacing. It does have some issues. While you do walk slower than other games, do not underestimate your ability to scale walls. Many times have I while in a firefight, managed to walk up the trench wall, only to get shot in the head by the enemy. This problem does not seem to persist when prone (I find it unsportsmanlike to go prone in the trenches), though crawling into a rock, or sandbag, will leave you levitating over the ground, which does make you an easy target.The maps are good for the most part. I like fighting in the trench, but you are not necessarily restricted to it. As mentioned earlier, you can easily get out of the trench and then perhaps flank the enemies. Be wary, as this makes you stick out and likely to get shot.The only map I dislike, is the map called Aisne (The forest map). This seems to heavily favor the team with the hill, as it is easy to defend. The only time I managed to win against a team with the hill, was when we continuously bombed the hilltop with mortar strike, and with a few close calls, we actually managed to hold on to it too.Other issues is that on some maps, it is possible to get killed pretty quickly after spawning, because some spawn are set in the open, though this has only happened to me on Aisne.It is pretty late, and I wanted to get some words out about this game. Feel free to share your input on where I am mistaken, or share your own thoughts about the game. Might update this ""review"" later.AnywaysHave a nice day!"
76561198143320050,Recommended,242860,23151551,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,redoblivion,Tried to draw bird.. Poked head up for different angle.. Dead..
,Recommended,242860,23148367,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Term1nator98,hells to the ya
76561198073513729,Recommended,242860,23146603,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Cinnamon,"My favorite game. I've never been so terrified while having so much fun, also the guns are BEAUTIFUL the devs did a marvelous job with this"
76561198099815829,Recommended,242860,23160982,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Heinzy Guders,This is truly a work of art. It's the first prominent FPS which has touched the battlefields of World War I europe. It does well to recreate trench warfare in order for every moment of the game to be fun as well as realistic.
76561198053911508,Recommended,242860,23157787,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Frogmin,A reallly fun game set in a rarely seen period of ww1 in games
76561198036759692,Recommended,242860,23211333,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Billy Bob Joe,"me and friend type charge into chatour team chargesmy friend and 3 other guys are wrecked by this one guy w/ some sort of lmgi hide in this little hole, proneguy runs to me goes in hole w/ mehe says in chat GET UP AND FIGHTi stand up and get shotguy sees me die and stays in hole10/10 realistic WWI sim"
,Recommended,242860,23211398,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,salv,Really good game in general.Not sure if Battlefield 1 can beat this to be honest.
76561198207896225,Recommended,242860,23206323,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Frozone,A great game. Very realistic! I love to play matches with my friends as we fight through the trenches together.
76561198148526639,Recommended,242860,23332120,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,TeddybearXD_NL,this game is nice and looks great the good parts are the battles where poeple listening to the leaders when this is not happening this game becomes bad but 8 out of 10 so good game recomended
76561198118459920,Recommended,242860,23329119,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,thatguykennan14,"Jumped into an enemy trench and stabbed four german soliders in the back with a bayonet only to get my  blown off by a grenade 10/10 would sacrifice my face againSeriously though buy the game, its super fun and worth every penny"
,Recommended,242860,23331412,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,A_Shuchu,"Game offers unique experience of WW1 trench warfareIf you are tired of arcady and flashy CoD or BF with almost meaningless gameplay, Verdun is a refreshing change of pace.Slow but intense, easy to start but unforgiving"
,Recommended,242860,14103593,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Flyby,"April, 1915--To my beloved Maria,This is madness, I don't know if it's possible to keep my self together, be it mentally or physically. Sleep has become a thing of the past and when I do manage to sleep I can only hear the sound of shells comming thought he sky and feel those unnatural quakes caused by them.That horrible screeching sound, the crys of men in the torn land; all I want is this to end as soon as possible. More than once have I seen a man's head come off his shoulders from an enemy bullet, and more than a thousand times have I see men suffer from that horrible gas.They say we must listen to our NCO's, despite many thinkning otherwise, they will escort us safely into the trench. I only wish this was always true, most of it is just luck.The only positive outlook is that the Canadians and British have joined our side, the damn Canadians are thirster than anybody else, out there with their clubs reatching the nearest victims. The British are our best shooters with their enfields crossing no-man's land and putting the damn krauts into the ground.Please be strong and know that I will return.Your dear husband,Peter Leloup1er régiment d'infanterieVerdun"
76561198070395526,Recommended,242860,8959027,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Railroadjohn,Good to play with a good team .still a little laggly at times a few ruberbanding moments.
76561198043184063,Recommended,242860,17970774,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Rhys_Eng,"Great fun, underated."
,Recommended,242860,17937888,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Derpywhalz,"Verdun, it's nothing like any other game. Its unique. It has unlockables, but not to the craziness like COD. It's very team based, but it requires a lot more teamwork than say TF2, and you aren't some super soldier who can go in guns blazing while taking numerous shots to the body again like in TF2 or Halo, you're human, like yourself. Overall, this is one of the most accurate AND historically accurate i've ever played.5 Stars. PLAY IT"
76561198064411582,Recommended,242860,18000591,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,WhiteTuxMafia,"This game is so realistic, that when you aren't fighting you have to write a nihilistic war novel, and if you play as a russian soldier only one of you gets a gun then everyone else gets a stick. Anyways this game is awesome because its all built around the trenches and the art style of the game this dark grimy feel that fleshes out the game and always keeps you on edge. One of my favorite things is when you run around your own trench then you run into the other team and both sides have the ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥freeze moment"" because you know the enemy is coming, and they know they just got caught, then a intense fire fight plays out. I would highly reccomend this game, the gun play is solid in the sense that each gun has its place and works well but isn't overpowered. Most of the fun in this game isn't getting kill streaks its when you had to slowly army crawl across the muddy ground, silently, while bombs go off around you, and when you think your safe your friend gets sniped and♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. I hate number scroed but i would say this is worth a 8.5/10"
76561198054392616,Recommended,242860,17992170,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,christhechris,i had an issue with server timeouts but it turns out the game just doesnt like wifi. plugged it in and it was good to go. that was my only major problem.  aside from that its great you get killed all the time and its very frustrating but at the same time it is a rather lot of fun
76561198214130915,Recommended,242860,18012204,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,wogmait,"raw action without the distraction of gadgets, intense gameplay, well worth the buy, very recommended"
,Recommended,242860,18079051,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Cap'n Clams,9/10. Nice Graphics and Gameplay. No huge bugs that I encountered. Spawn Camping is very prominent. Hard to find good WWI games out there. Love it.
76561197989298452,Recommended,242860,18598444,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[RIP] PaddeMcnasty,"Good god where to begin.. this game, has the most epic, most intense atmosphere i have ever witnessed. Playing this game, you're scared, all the time. One shot is all it takes for the most part, with a few small exceptions where you might take one and live to tell about it. Sitting in the trenches, you peek your head over to see what goes on, only to see a seemingly empty no-mans-land. There is no hud, there are no enemy markers, you use your good ol' mark one eyeballs. Then, as you have a false sense of security, you start aiming around to try and spot something and all of a sudden your worst nightmare comes true, a gas attack. The trenches are filled, you don't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ literally maybe a meter infront of you, unable to identify friend from foe, it's a mess. Some of the gas might move a little, and then there it is.. a bunch of huns, gasmasks on, charging like the devil out of the gas and into the trenches screaming god knows what at you whilst baraging you with accurate rifle fire. The suppression system makes itself known by then, the screen goes bleak, your aim is off, and your character is frightened and unable to properly fight till the effects wear off. Cowering away and turning around, even more of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s keep going at you, not stopping their charge and sprinting with all they have, shooting and stabbing whatever they find. Every single kill is so worth it, it really gives a sense of satisfaction. This, is the darksouls of the shooters. You wil die. Over and over again. But then once you catch on, you start returning the favor, learning to lead properly as it is VERY tricky at the start to do so. Couple of hours later, you yourself wil be the one instilling fear into the enemy as you charge the trenches, jumping ontop of players and stabbing/shooting them with all you have, maybe lob a grenade or two if you have them. This game is great, the graphics are wonderfull, not over the top but pleasing to the eyes. The sounds make you think you are there, the artillery blowing everything to hell around you, bullets whizzing over your head and into the mud surrounding you, comrades screaming their warcries which honestly for me only inspire me to attack even harder. The weapons handle great, each and every one of them have their own 'manual' so to speak, they really are very different in how they handle, how they aim, reload, clip size. Teamwork is almost always present, there's always a bunch of chaps in the team that direct others and most respond. For example the left side of the trench gets breached, they wil direct the forces in that direction, or when they spot a large group charging like mad they'll notify the team and again most can and wil respond. This game is anti-noob at it's purest, it discourages the CoD players and such, leaving only players willing to be a part of something greater, there's very few solo players as those get rekt, hard. And the balancing, good god it is beautifull. Nothing is OP, though admittedly the german MP18 does get close to being it, luckily there's one or two of them being used at most and i am sure this wil get nerfed sometime as it does have a rather incredible range for a machine pistol. The devs are active and responcive, they DO listen to the players, take suggestions into account and work out the best way to use them.TL;DR, GET THE GAME ALLREADY, it's like the baby made when darksouls and arma mated, and NO P2W AT ALL, it simply does NOT exist in the game."
76561198030534545,Recommended,242860,18605946,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Marshal Kovalevsky,"Overall the game is enjoyable but there is somewhat of an imbalance between the sides. For instance, the German machine gun is amazing, one hit kill, accurate and easy to aim with however I think it's just unfair that the French Chauchat actually needs 2 shots to kill even though it has a very slow rate of fire and only 20 shots. The British Lewis is not bad but that stupid vertical panel on the rear sights is really annoying and it is very difficult to aim with it, I think all machine guns should be one hit kill not just the MG08. Also there is not enough unit collision, making it look weird when you are moving through trenches. Finally the biggest issue I have is a very fidgety movement of of troops, they shake around and if my game has high frame rate, the moving soldiers look like the fps is low as they move, they sort of pop up here and there without flow. But nevertheless it is a fun and enjoyable game, one of the only WW1 FPS games out there and I wish the developers all the best. Oh it would also be cool if the battles were on a larger scale with like 50 players on each side :)."
,Recommended,242860,18686473,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Nova,A FPS with a different feel than many others. It says MAC compatable but you will need to use the lowest settings to run it well. Would recommend.
76561198085069780,Recommended,242860,20236670,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,naca87,1: Bought the game2: Got good and addicted putting in ~160 hours3: Left the game for months4: You come back to play with a friend just to learn you lost all your skill5: GG
,Recommended,242860,18606117,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,1stFG | James Brock,great game!10/10
,Recommended,242860,28136189,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,God of Testicles,Good game.
76561198026457506,Recommended,242860,23512947,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Frost12,"Game's awesome, even though you might see the occasional bug. If you're a fan of Red Orchestra you'll like this. I didn't think trench warfare was something you'd see represented well in a game but they pulled it off.Over the past couple of weeks, though, the community seems to have been invaded by the ""your mom's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥"" type of player, which is a big change given the types of players who used to frequent these servers. Maybe it's just the few games I have played, or maybe it's all in my head, Get it anyway. Nothing beats fighting in a gas mask. Hope to see more updates soon."
,Recommended,242860,23509391,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,PwnernL,Very nice game was a little sluggish in the beginning but they keep improving it.
76561198235783128,Recommended,242860,23510192,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Lokisn,amazing fps experience!!
76561198055428390,Recommended,242860,23511459,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Hypothetically A Muslim,Glitchy as fu but still really damn fun
76561198026553272,Recommended,242860,23510786,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Made Man,"It's not Battlefield 1, but I'll take it."
,Recommended,242860,23531180,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,commanderchris345,bolt in the wrong position my♥♥♥♥
76561198218979136,Recommended,242860,23524955,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,King_of_Mosvik,Very fun and realistick FPS game. Amazing details. big variety in weapons.Really hoping they will make more maps.
76561198203132158,Recommended,242860,23561441,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Professor Zoom,"Very good game, if a little monotonous at times. Not for people who aren't patient; it's not uncommon to be shot seconds after spawn. Graphics are excellent, maps are varied (surprising for a war that was infamous for similarity), variances among squads are impressive (especially among the Central Powers). Well made with kinks that don't make it for everyone."
76561198275495042,Recommended,242860,23558247,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Von Dorfus,it is a great game but they should really add the kingdom of italty
,Recommended,242860,23560004,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Doss,shooting at a rock sim 2k16
76561198069279196,Recommended,242860,23577492,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[52nd] Fnc. Robert Maxfield,Come on bady lets fritz the game up and get in thereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ww1 at its best Verdun u are the start i play this and battlefield one if i have too but i have stayed since early access too know i stayed with u and will continue too do so this game is 100% authentic i love it this is about the sacrifice of men in name of doing right think for your country we each play are part and we fight as one man not a squad we do in game but its more about the sacrifice of individual rather than the squad each person in your squad has a task but what u do wall in your trench fighting who ever your fight is down too your sacrifice not just yours alone but your teams this is ww1 at its best and real shows it the love and commitment too every detail too this game its wonderful and i thank you for bring this game into being its the most wonderful thing because we remember just by feeling like we there and this is wonderful too remember
,Recommended,242860,23593973,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,SubZeroCro,♥♥♥♥♥iest hit detection ive ever seen
,Recommended,242860,23589402,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Pop_Roks,"I absolutely love this game. its not like call of duty (and youll find a lot of the people complaining about it are big fans of call of duty), you have to take your time but also sprint into the trench as fast you can. primarily its one shot kills apart from the odd handgun, this can get very frustrating if you're new as while you are trying to figure out the game you also keep dieing.  you will get better and you will start to see how the game flows.My personal tips for new players:-pick a non vital role. play as a rifleman until you've figured out how the game flows and how some of the other classes use their weapons to its best abilites.-be prepared to die. lots. like a said, its primarily one shot kills, and if theres a well placed enemy machine gunner then everyone will be dieing on regular basis.-don't worry about reloading or saving grenades. you most likely will not live long enough. this will change, just wait till you have a moment when you realized you survived an encounter that you usually die in.-even spread defense. it works in rugby, its works in verdun. spread out and cover the sections of land in front of you, if theres a weak spot, the enemy will find it. also if theres a spot on the trench no one wants to defend because theres constant machine gun fire and bombing, thats the spot they'll be invading.-watch your mini map. defending: watch for areas with weak numbers. attacking: if you see a teammate(s) in the trench infront of you then theres no enemy there, charge in and give em a hand.-communicate with your team. if theres a camper, if you see a mass charge, if the enemy has just killed you and are invading that side of the trench, let em know. make your reports short but detailed. again youll see the flow of the game after a while- last but not least. GET IN THERE!!- rifles are the most common weapon in the game. if you have a single shot rifle that does not make you a sniper even if you can peg a guy or two from 150+ yards. snipers have scopes. if your rifle has a bayonet then your role is to charge, and keep charging. we only win if we're in the trench we're attacking.But seriously, a great game at a fair price."
76561198083123959,Recommended,242860,25258536,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Anchovy (Il Duce),"When i first heard about this game, it seemed (to me) to be the first fps shooter set in WW1 which at the time was pretty neat. All other games were focused on futuristic crap and lasers, but not Verdun. I'm going to keep this short for all you kids with short attention spansTLDR-WW! theme-Historically accurate weapons-competetive multiplayer-Active squad roles-beautiful maps-realistic gameplay (as in real trench warfare as it was in WW1)-????-profitThere are some cons, but i think they stem from my pc being bad and slow."
,Recommended,242860,25259455,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,CripplinDepression|Farmskins.com,-Buys game thinking it will be fun-Gets into server-Begins to cry because of all the bullets flying past me-Mortars are everywhere-Gets to cover and begins shooting-Was not covered enough and got rekt by a mortar10/10 Would Get PTSD again
,Recommended,242860,25259860,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Lucid Nonsense,"It really does feel WWI-ish, guns are slow, clumsy, and pita to aim; defence is OP - awesome! I would really recommend this to any FPS fan that likes a bit of realism. Not the most optimised game, but a plethora of settings will let you tweak it to whatever it is you are using, I had no problems from my 290x desktop to intel integrated in my mbp. So, if you are having performance issues, it's your own stupid fault. :-b"
76561198110450880,Recommended,242860,25259048,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,SlazzoHD,"I really suggest you to buy this game if you want to find yourself in a similation of WW1. I really like from the first hours of the game even the tough and hard gameplay ( you don' t need bullets for getting killed, wires can make also) I did'nt expect really fun from this game but It deserves the money. ( However I got in the promotion (luck shot) ). BUY it guys!Arkadaşlar alın oynayın, oynayalım, oynatalım."
,Recommended,242860,25252320,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,fole,"if the machine guns don't get you, the barbed wire will. 10/10"
76561198259101419,Recommended,242860,25254835,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bad JuJu 76,"Its a lot of fun to play. I am a fan of fps and play all the main ones and im happy to add this to the list of what i will be playing regularly. People in the comments keep saying its hard but i dont think it is u just need a bit of patience and when the other team is attack camp a location and wait they will give you a ton of easy kills and when u are pushing forward dont be stupid, flank them. its so easy to flank and nobody does it. The hardest part is seeing enemies that are farther away but if u play arma 3 or any arma i think spotting really wont be hard for you."
,Recommended,242860,25254941,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Desert Fox,I already have PTSD now. Walking around in trenches is terrifying AF.
76561198039212492,Recommended,242860,25255411,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kattling,"Had this game on my wishlist for a while but only finally commited after it was on the steam sale. Very gritty realist game that is superb value for money. The standard rifles are one shot kill weapons. Close combat seams to be a little redundant and I would like to see use of machine gun emplacements. Apart from that, great game."
,Recommended,242860,25256483,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ACROEXODUS,"Gave me PTSD, 4 insane WW1 vets/10"
76561198217934129,Recommended,242860,25257064,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,KubaS,"Very good, skill and tactic based game. Very realistic gameplay where tactical teamplay is everything. Good for old and young players. This game need more people attention that have now, because it's quality place it on strict-top of teamplay shooters, yet it have less budget for advertising since it was made by indie studio."
76561198271865921,Recommended,242860,25254081,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BuddyHolly,Extremely fun and engaging game. It's very realistic to what I think World War 1 was like (I didn't fight in the war of course!). Playing as an officer and pistoling my enemies never gets old :)
76561197973599854,Recommended,242860,25244422,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Xr@yce,"WW1 settingrealistic shooter with stuff like 1 hit = killGas, artillery, smoke, grenades to break the enemy lineNice coopReally awesome and fun game 10/10"
76561198071313764,Recommended,242860,25242555,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SweetyFrogNips,"Don't know why you have not bought it yet, the game I can admit is very confusing at first with figuring out the class system and stuff like that but when you get the hang of it the game because a very fun wish mor people played it though. :("
76561198137085012,Recommended,242860,25124212,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Rorytheroadman,This game.....This game gave me ptsd not twitter ptsd but not actual ptsd but I see my friends names in the leader board with....with...0 kills 7 death ♥♥♥♥ing noobs
,Recommended,242860,25101637,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SmartBulb,"hey this game is prettu ♥♥♥♥ing good, nice one"
76561198317372978,Recommended,242860,25109396,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Crispy Bacon,Verdun is a great game for people who like realism. It is the best WW1 game i have ever playyed!
76561198052666013,Recommended,242860,22271019,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,bifr05t,"Verdun is to put it simple a brilliant game. It gives the gamer a very accurate understanding of how the great war (WW1) was fought, and how brutal it was."
76561198235175164,Recommended,242860,17698574,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Disciple09,"The game itself has a feeew bugs, but the rest is great, realism is prime in this game"
76561198202250016,Recommended,242860,22293205,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Adolf Critler,"Overall, great gameGraphics are good, and the guns look authenticone problem tho- the maps are so badly made I have no idea where to go.Also, it is always either raining or you are in a dark fortress, so it is so dark that you have no idea who is or isnt on ur teamlastly, they should just say not to try to get out of the trenches; crawling over barbed wire DOES NOT WORK"
76561198094717193,Recommended,242860,22135566,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,secondri,Eye Strain Simulator 2016
76561197980900561,Recommended,242860,15645508,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SantaLucci,Awsome game
,Recommended,242860,22172447,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,PC Peasant,Only turn based FPS 10/10 would quick scope in 1917 again .
76561198281797824,Recommended,242860,22137158,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,gmurr10,Love this guys but im Aussie and i know for a fact that the Aussies where in the somme in ww1 my only thing i would like to see added is an Australian unit please
76561198110448714,Recommended,242860,22137226,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,sequesterequestrians,"Want a fun, fast-paced shooter without the mindless running and gunning of games like COD? Try this. Besides the realistic gameplay and other more general aspects, the old WWI guns alone make it worth getting. Also, remember to turn up the gore setting all the way. Great bloodcurdling screams and death-rattles. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,242860,22129490,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ironwill,"Tombs-up to these guys - Too many early bird releases show promise but the devs do not keep it rolling. These guys have and many thanks for that effort.Great game, I like the enviroment, I like the animation of your own character which is key for any fps and the game modes are rewardingWell done"
76561198028143942,Recommended,242860,22130739,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Doffald Bump,"Having a really good time playing this game. Unique FPS experience. Pace can vary, but it's never too fast for my tatse. COVER IS YOUR FRIEND"
,Recommended,242860,22092476,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Diana Melison,Fun♥♥♥♥♥gamewheres the gore?
76561198185148009,Recommended,242860,22091844,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,The Dank Soviet Sandvich,"a very good game good graphics, good design and most importantly good gameplay"
,Recommended,242860,22103194,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,CUDGEdaveUK,Now with dismemberment.10/10
76561198072350319,Recommended,242860,14710560,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kapooyah!,I love it. It has such potential to be a great game. I hope they  will make a full release one day :D
,Recommended,242860,13623095,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The Psychotic Brit,"For an incompleted game it shines with potential and Im not saying the gameplay at the moment is bad. The gameplay to me, reminds me of Red Orchestra 2. So if you like games like RO2, which arn't too unrealistic but arn't as realistic as Arma I would recommend this game to you."
76561198035964054,Recommended,242860,13648966,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kim Jong Poon,"Extremelly fun, has some glitches, but to be expect from a beta.  Overall a 7.5/10, ever if it is in beta."
76561198039282263,Recommended,242860,13652398,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,xDrunkYetix,This is such a sick game! So fun! Defo get it guys!
,Recommended,242860,22115024,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Tea Jay,Game is gud
,Recommended,242860,22115984,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,RAND PAUL 2012,This game is not for the faint of heart.the graphics are good but not great but it gets the gritty ww1 feel across very well.The sound work is ok not bat but not good.The gameplay is a mainly class based trench warfare you attack a trench the you defend the one you captured or your original trench.The guns are balanced very well and almost all of the guns are about the same.The classes vary per what group you are playing as so if you dont like one role you can vote to change the type.I would reccomend this game for the novelty of being a ww1 shooter not a futuristic or modern shooter and the unique gameplay.My gripes are that the respawn time is a little lone for howmay times you die (you mostly die in one shot from standard rifles).
,Not Recommended,242860,11803520,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,[SAP] TheLazySamurai [SCRUB],"The game is very interesting as it has the WWI flavour, rather than the WWII. Very detailed, unforgiving, and does accurately represent trench warfare quite well. This is like if a Dark Souls game was in WWI difficulty wise though. Also tons and tons of bugs.Update for post-early acces review time: Flamethrowers, gas, and gas masks were added to change up gameplay. The flamethrower is very powerful as it should be, yet it makes for very tedious countering if they manage to get into an unflankable spot -- which isn't too hard in a few maps. The gas and gas masks pretty much cancel eachother out, the gas just reduces vision, and the mask prevents damage. The problem is that the gas is so uneffective that only afk players would be hindered by it. The difficulty is still there based on map awareness, but one doesn't survive long enough to get to know the map if they are playing against experienced players. The new squads added are a nice touch, and I was happy to see the Canadian squad, but sadly these new squads don't change much except ones personal enjoyment based on seeing their country. The bugs are still a huge problem, from assets rendering and de-rendering at random, to dying ""due to barbed wire"" when its just a tree stump, and my personal favourite; spawning in with everyone for the wave, and instantly dying due to suicide because you spawned inside a friendly.All in all, I think that the game could have been good, but ultimately is not fun."
76561198142260294,Recommended,242860,22115560,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ic3b3rg45,Historically accurate and looks great. The game can be frustrating at first but is quickly addicting.
76561198060420954,Recommended,242860,18138908,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Doug Dimmadome,Impressed with the new update.
76561198076330894,Recommended,242860,22113240,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Kentater98,"playing verdun:""finally i've responded, now i must fight for my country!""*2 seconds later""WHO THE F*** JUST SHOT ME""and repeat"
,Recommended,242860,22114263,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,WyseGuy,Dank Memes
76561198170183582,Recommended,242860,22131536,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,VaultScavenger,"Amazing game! good pace, good combat, and great historic weapons. my only complaint is teleporting, but what can you do. but the lag can srsly ruin a match."
76561197967284118,Recommended,242860,22027167,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Bork Bork,"The new squads, maps, and game modes have really brought life back into this game. Its always getting updated which keeps bringing my friends and I back for more trench warfare."
,Recommended,242860,22622432,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,KAIU| Glorious,"A very good game, Anyone with any intrest in a WW1 fps should get this game9/10"
,Recommended,242860,22618595,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,BlackProperty,gives me flashbacks
,Recommended,242860,22619901,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ravarek,fun
76561198098173113,Recommended,242860,18960667,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,jst4kiks,"I've been playing this since its initial release on Steam. Heres what I've noticed over the years since its initial releaseSome great things seen so far:- Maps based on historical events- Weapons based on the historical period- Several classes and upgrades for those classes- Focus on team play- Graphics have improved significantly- Mustard gas, gas masks,artillery strikes"
76561198103466461,Recommended,242860,22597307,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,40's Gaming,"This game I saw on youtube it was interesting but I wasn't interested.  Then I got really into WWI and boom I got this game.  I love it, You get to see what it's like to be in the trenches without having to experience the horrors of The Great War.  The horrors of war update that came out two weeks before I got the game added so much.  The games not perfect but this is serious competition for Valiant Hearts although they are different in the style they are both WWI.   I can't wait to see this game thrive even more.  It's the perfect mix of history and Videogame nothing could be better.  Can't wait for more weapons and other things. Overall I highly recommend this game I give it an 8/10 and the reason I gave it that is because it needs some time to grow even more.  Once more those who read this and don't have the game GET IT PLEASE it's woth the money and it supports the three creators and what team they have it will also allow them to add more things.  -40's Gaming"
76561198182047793,Recommended,242860,22575753,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,tboinske,i like verdun very much i think it is very worthit to buy.but it dose ant have a campain which is a bit of a bummer but its anosome shooter.
76561198086344424,Recommended,242860,22604527,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,NORMIEonBOARD,great multiplayer experience
76561198178182778,Recommended,242860,17643873,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,- Steezy -,Great game with intense WW1 like stratergy
76561198004375575,Not Recommended,242860,15571316,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Vitamin U235,welcome to verdun post beta alpha.---My review
,Recommended,242860,22584747,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Puhtutz.,Pros:-Fun-Voice acting-Music-Weapons feel goodCons-Servers are too emtpy :(-HEALTH REGENERATION
,Not Recommended,242860,22579421,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,[GROG],"The hitboxes are awful, you can have your sights right on a enemy 2 feet away and standing still... And still miss."
76561198018828720,Recommended,242860,22587458,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Xero,"Fended off a attack of krauts and charged forward. Under fire of enemy machineguns and snipers while being bombarded by mortars got to the enemy trench. Then they dropped gas on us, almost didn't managed to put on the gas mask. But then I sneak around a barrier outside of attack area (which is enough to be executed for desertion) and killed a whole squad of the damn Germans with a Lewis gun from a hip.10/10 Would almost get executed again."
,Not Recommended,242860,15618133,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,WarrEn,Not worth 25
,Recommended,242860,15692464,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dashrendar2507,"I think it's important I write a review here. A little less than a year ago, I bought Verdun, in really early stage. The game was already fun and full of potential. But there is one thing I was not expecting.I have been complaining about Early Access lately, because many devs just let the projects die, or the game simply never gets finished. That is one thing that the guys who did Verdun never even considered. Literally every single time I went on Steam, a 2gb patch was up for Verdun. They even contacted me when I was whining like a ♥♥♥♥♥ about poor performance. These guys are solid, and the game is gold.I take this opportunity to congratulate wholeheartedly the team(s) at BlackMill and M2H. You guys did good, real good.If you're a fan of WW1 or combat sims in general, get the game. It's cheap, runs great, looks amazing and plays wonderfully. It is also 1:1 historically accurate.EDIT: It's been so long since this review and even longer since I was introduced to Verdun. Now more than ever I can say that I love this game and that there is a obvious passion that goes into its developpment. The game looks and plays now better than ever. I used to be barely able to play but now everything is buttery smooth and looks amazing. The addition of new modes are also great and I really like the co-op. It gave me some of my best moments in Verdun. There's a few things still, the AI is impossibly dumb, the ammo crates sometimes won't give me anything for the whole game, the melee is still a bit off... But it IS far better than ever and is being updated very frequently. It's just plain fun, and fun doesn't come easy to me. Incredible weapon variety with meaningful particularities, satisfying shots and reloads... And I must say the community is surprisingly great. Of course, there's exceptions but I think since the game is a niche sub-genre it must be pretty exclusive.I just love Verdun. It's a great game, period. But then you factor in the very acceptable price, the outstanding content (with very frequent, absolutely FREE additions), amazing realistic feel with thorough historical background, impossibly fun gameplay and frankly pleasant community....Jesus christ this is a good game. Do yourself a favor and buy it."
,Recommended,242860,22602259,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,CarrollFilms,It's like Tripwire and Treyarch had a baby. It's pretty K
76561198145532230,Recommended,242860,22580213,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,girrossco,"Cheap as chips, hard as ♥♥♥♥, die painfully and often in the blood and muck!!"
76561198169134122,Recommended,242860,22572339,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,matt.wilson21,"i was unsure at first, but after a few hours i was addicted. there is way more to this game than shown in the trailers and pics."
76561198093642814,Recommended,242860,22581315,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Xtreme Meal,GG
76561197976534737,Recommended,242860,22575600,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Galdis,"9/10 would die to phosgene gas again.The only downside to this game is the netcode needs some work.  Other than that, it's a good game and very unique."
,Recommended,242860,22076187,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,TheEveryone,"A world war 1 FPS done right! Very Fun game especially if you're into realistic shooters like Red Orchaestra 2. The new update added lots of content and made the game well worth its price.  The game has its bugs every now and then, but they aren't anything game breaking or that serious. If you are considering getting it I would highly recomend it"
76561198084019281,Recommended,242860,22076481,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Camoflage_crocs,"This game has come a long wayy since its first release to the public, the mechanics have been imporved dramatically over this last patch, the player models looks very detailed and the game will run well on most laptops, i fully recommend you pick this game up before a price rise. very happy with my purchase"
76561198271933229,Recommended,242860,21916808,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,OcciferDindu,"DISCLAIMER:Verdun is not responsible if you get symptoms of:Trench Foot,burned lungs from gas,Shellshock,or any other forms of sickness you may get from this experience. Verdun is one of the funnest and hardest FPS's I've playd in quite some time,worth every penny in my opinion.It has authentic weaponry and great attention to detail when it comes to the mapping.It also gives a frequent feeling of dread when running into no-mans land not knowing when you'll be killed.Beside all this there are also some cons aswell.First,being one of my most experienced,is frequent lag and disconnection.Like.........every other game.......Then again that could be just on my end but after reading some other reviews it seems common in other people's experiences aswell.Then there's also a sometimes toxic community you may run into but that is very rare,atleast in my experience.As far as the cons go,i can't think of many bad things to say about this game.Now for pros,there's many.Authentic weaponry,time periods,backstory and actual history to the maps during loading screens,and just the vibe you get while playing.All in all,this game is a solid 8\10 on my list.I recommend this game heavily."
,Recommended,242860,21912564,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,[JMJ] SuperDarke,"Verdun: I fell, I fell, I fell.Verdun is a game about dying.Verdun is a game about tryharding.Verdun is a game about roflstomping and then getting roflstomped.Verdun is a game about getting lucky.Verdun is Awesome!Con: The loading screen text is weirdly put. 512 September!"
,Recommended,242860,21916639,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,=[AdHoc]=Toth,"Verdun is great looking game that can be a lot of fun to play.PROS-Looks Amazing-Solid FPS-Friendly Community (unless you're a sniper, they catch some grief)-Easy to Pick Up-Fun to Play (solo or with friends)CONS-You have to purchase it BUT its only $22 (it goes on sale frequently)-Some First Person Movement Animations could be Improved slightly"
76561197981453048,Recommended,242860,16632465,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dermot Von Jankmon,Played Verdun.Found a guy on my team named Hitler.Tked him.Tked him again.Kept TKing till I got booted.10/10 would TK Hitler again!Edit:This game now a few years after I bought it is STILL AMAZING. Plus the Devs anounced recently that they are releasing a FREE Xpac (Thats like DLC only more meat and potatos than filller to you young kids) If I could buy multipule copies of this game for myself I would. This game and the Devs are simply amazing I even had a few of the devs chill in my twitch chat a two years ago when I was streaming.Edit 2: The first free Xpac in this game added so much content its not even funny. I played it for a bit tonight and barely scratched the surface. Again I'd highly recomend this game to anyone and everyone.
,Recommended,242860,22020852,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Turbo Jewish Man,"This is my first serious review, so prepared to be failed, if it doesn't help you, or you don't like it at all. To be honest, your joining a decently active community, a community of people whom have been there since beta, and then a handful of the newer community. So, don't rage when you die. Verdun is an easy game to pickup and play. Warning though, you may get addicted, Heh. Personally, I haven't played the new expansion yet. But I will be soon, (And I will write a new review then.) Now, if your starting off, you'll need good eyesight in the dark areas. Because, bloody hell, if you're not watching. BOOM there goes your brains. And at that point, you've lost all the tea in the Britannic Commonwealth, thus making us surrender to the Hun. Anyway. Who could've thought that some terrorists could start World War One? (The Serbian/Bosnian Terrorists  that assassinated the Arch Duke Franz Ferdinand and his wife Duchess Sophie. were part of the Serbian/Bosnian Terror group, Blackhand Guild.) History...Oh History you have some odd things don't you.... Who could think that Tsar Nicholas of Russia, King George V and Kaiser Wilhelm were all cousins....God bless you Queen Victoria for intermarrying royal families to keep the peace....But damn you for treating your children distastefuly! And oh my Lord this has been a long review, better pack my bags now my tea will get cold! So get the money and buy Verdun! It certainly is worth the $22.99! Don't get cold tea!"
76561197997920785,Recommended,242860,22023893,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,gustavus adolphus,great game especially after new update
,Recommended,242860,22767692,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kerosku,This is a pretty fun and cool game even though I havent played alot. Its very realistic and the atmosphere is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone that likes a good realistic shooter or to someone that likes WW1.
76561198069457348,Not Recommended,242860,16920078,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,« RoughRider »,"Verdun I once loved you,This game is really amazing, and such a unique FPS experience. The physics within the game are not bad, and the immersion is up there pretty good too. The developers are fairly often updating the community, and patches come pretty much bi-annually.The game itself is fantastic and I've had really great moments within verdun. The gameplay is pulled off as unique, mildly realistic, and the trenches are packed full of fun to be had.I have owned and played verdun since full release a year ago and I have to say there has been some major improvements made.As sucky as it is to have to put this game down, I really have to now.Latency is so bad within Verdun. Since the new update I've failed to play the game much because I constantly have ping issues. My ping is fine, but the guy who has 70 more ping than me always gets the advantage and I die. Considering all you get is rifles for the most part in Verdun, Net Code needs to be vastly improved.Something else I've noticed since the new update is the way gameplay has changed. As if almost everyone is somehow on an equal playing field no matter how good or bad that they are at the game. Its almost too even.I really loved this game, but in its current state, with the lag issues, I'm not telling anyone to get this game."
76561198056071577,Recommended,242860,22802392,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Muther Rasha,"Haven't seen many ww1 games, much less ww1 first person shooters, much less GOOD first person shooters... give it a try"
76561198150013703,Recommended,242860,16106267,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,CommieKiller,I really like this game and everything about it from the minute I bought it I knew this game was special. But if there was one thing I could add to this game wold be a single player battle you could customize with NPCs and change your uniform. One major complaint I have about this game is that it is so difficult to level up your squad and especially obtain helmets. Overall this is one the the best games I have ever come across.
76561198240035096,Recommended,242860,22754188,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jimmy Neutron,"Well made, very entertaining, action, world war 1 shooter. This game puts you in the shoes of soldiers during one of the worst wars the world has ever seen!"
76561198095945803,Recommended,242860,22752812,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ginga Beaw,♥♥♥♥♥♥holes
,Recommended,242860,22769390,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,-GW- Basvak,"Awesome game , but i always get bluescreen from it"
,Recommended,242860,22769775,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,TheAtomicShogun,fun.
76561198215853080,Recommended,242860,22492934,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,AsianMaleMan,"I love this game why well i will tell you.I join a matchMy squad members dieing all around me screwing like teenage girls and then a nad flys by I run to the right to avoid it only to be blasted in the face by a mortor.Respawn Get killed 50+ times and kill like 10 people fight hard, match ends in a draw10/10 would fight better next time"
76561198060891034,Recommended,242860,22644034,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Wagarnara Bingi,"Worth the flashbacks playing this game. Loved the immersion, this needs VR."
76561198189844557,Recommended,242860,22638737,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Fallout1925,Pros-immersive-decent sounds-multiple factions on each team-great death animations and soundsCons-machine guns/revolvers hitting you across the map-small player base-some sounds dont line up with the animations-artillery hitting you inside a fortOverall I'd give Verdun 7.5/10
,Recommended,242860,22640685,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Spaceman Stan,"If a game could give you PTSD, it would be this one. The realism is astounding. You know it's for real when your NCO's arm is shot off and your buddy is curled up in a ditch screaming.10/10 casual family fun."
76561198047011218,Recommended,242860,22698744,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,knudsenm,So much dying... so much wanton waste of human life. 1918
76561198031935637,Recommended,242860,13357062,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Trooper45,Amazing Game!
76561198015773573,Recommended,242860,22835416,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Fianoglach_Airm,fun WW1 game . loads of factions and weapons . realistic to the war
76561198041134296,Recommended,242860,22850523,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Princess Cannon Fodder,"A nice change from triple A FPS's, lots of fun once you get the hang of it and definitely worth it if you're interested in the war or history in general."
76561198068927859,Recommended,242860,22854516,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,theoverseer112,"Highly reminiscent of the Red orchestra games, but with a few small changes. Verdun is a game that is fun regardless of whether you have a couple of people or a full server, with intense matches and a good community to wrap it all together. Verdun is the game that proved WWI can make a fun shooter!"
,Recommended,242860,19040739,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Atheon,This will hold you out until Battlefield 1...
76561198125043078,Recommended,242860,17440951,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Lt. Dan Taylor,7/10 Get used to spawn kills.
76561198029498220,Recommended,242860,17445290,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TheAquinasFormerlyKnownAsThomas,This game makes me feel kinda bad for the enemy when I rip them to shreds with my machine gun.
76561198090966436,Recommended,242860,17447410,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TheAvidTroller,"Very fun game, enjoyed playing it. However you need a beast of a full tower and a good setup to play."
76561198068978060,Recommended,242860,16814108,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sean O Driscoll,10/10 would hit a french man with a shovel again
,Recommended,242860,16816569,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SnakesBandana,"Have you ever seen Edge of Tomorrow? That film is a good beginner's guide to Verdun. Game is very rewarding after the initial learning curve though. I highly recommend finding a group of friends to play with as teamwork makes or breaks your game. Actually getting into a game with your squad can be really tedious though, hope that is on the devs' priority list. Overall a fun game and worth a purchase."
,Recommended,242860,16816581,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,"MSG ""Doc"" [1st SFG]",Fantastic game. Great squad play. The trench warfare is a refreshing new war to play a war game.
76561198035197449,Recommended,242860,16817861,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,joshb21,I would strongly recommend this game because its a simple concept with a good community and just good old fashioned blow the other guys guts out kinda fun that I like
,Recommended,242860,25365686,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Timma,"Good Game, everyone agrees with Homer and hates Ned"
76561198124639698,Recommended,242860,25354848,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Riftex,"Gore on: Men screaming in pain, burnt corpses suffocating, death everywhere, limbs flying offGore off: Retard circus with amazing explosions that launch men 30 feet into the air that promptly spazz out and are never seen again.PS coming over a hill and seeing an MG just sitting there is more terrifying than being stuck out in the open when its high noon"
,Recommended,242860,25366220,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,13thRS_Griggs,"better than battlefield 1 in every way , but THE ARTILERY IS FRIKIN OP ."
76561198073788198,Recommended,242860,25343986,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ereck,Very fine game. Takes you short time to understand that 1 shot is 1 shot and you need to reload so aim carefully :-)But on the other side bodyhit is a sure kill.Close Combat warfare with bayonets... what more to say ?!9/10
,Recommended,242860,25343541,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,FishyBaka,"Verdun is a Game, that doesn't forgive. Either you learn it the hard way or you die the hard way. It took me over 20 hours to get good at it. And still, if a Team doesn't play well you won't play well too.The game is real teamwork. You can't play lonely wolf. And I think the squads are very balanced.But the best parts are the maps and the atmosphere. You start to realize how horrible war is. And I think that's an important thing, because while playing COD or BF I just play a game and it's fun. In Verdun you must fight, you must earn every kill, you must get good and you must play in teams.This is an amateur Review and Verdun earns a 9.5/10. I can totally recommend it. Even with a low and PC (I play it on a mac mini...).The only downside, I think, is that there are very few connections errors."
,Recommended,242860,16006093,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mr.BowTie,"Okay I'm reworking my review because I think this is honestly a great game. This review is changing because of the Corporal class.So for a while I thought it was just a push and retreat one shot shooter taking points then losing them. It's much more than that. In it's essense it's a tactical shooter where everyones class matters and if they do their class matters.A gunner should stay where and surpress the enemy as they attack, or even their team mates push fowards. Corporals don't just say ""Attack here!"" They should call in tactical smokes or mustard gas so that their team can push up.One map I played on I was a corporal for pretty much the first time. We had to push up a hill littered with barbed wire. I called in a smoke in the middle of the hill, where the mass of enemies were. That gave my team enough cover with the just the right amount of time to attack and capture the point with little to no casualties.So overall it's a game where in my opinion class matters, and one should play their class the way it's meant to be. Sure everyone wants to have fun and ""Shoot some ♥♥♥♥♥es"" But I think thing Verdun is about that, its more about team work."
,Recommended,242860,25317550,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mudcrab,"Makes trench warfare extremely engaging. Its period accurate and doesn't rely on cheap gimmicks. Its pure WW1 gameplay with a healthy blend of realism and more enjoyable game elements. It can be frustrating for new players though.Still, its a hell of a lot more than battlefield 1 can say."
,Recommended,242860,24446047,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Lord Nigel of Farage [No.4],"Brilliant game, love the historical acccuracy of the weapons, maps, uniforms and other cosmetic items. Good online community, great graphics, gameplay and fun gamemodes. It is hands down the best FPS i have ever played."
76561198202051815,Recommended,242860,24438061,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Gh0st_K1ll3r,probably the best war game i've ever played!!!!can't wait for the ps4 version!!!
76561198145047008,Recommended,242860,24484175,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jobby Benkins,This game is so goddamn great. It went somewhere no other dared venture and where others may have failed (not sure anyone else tried hard enough to fail) these guys succeeded in making a great WW1 shooter depicting the actual especially with the Horrors of War addon. Just wish they added Russians because they participated a huge amount in the war even though Verdun is on the western front.
76561198095993875,Recommended,242860,24463979,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Niels [NL],"I got this game when it was still in Alpha, still only have 17 hours into it. I can't get my head into it really.Never have I seen the player who kills me time after time after time with the sniper rifle.I go prone, get shot. Hide in bushes, get shot. Neither do I have time to find the enemy, or I get shot.However, good graphics. No lag."
,Recommended,242860,24461059,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TeleportToAction,-joined first match-got sniped cross map-raged-found a flamethrowe-noscoped crossmap-got shot through wall-raged-broke monitor-played another match-decided the game was♥♥♥♥♥♥-played another match because i really liked the game-wrote a review-then played pokemon go9/11 - would get shot through wall again
,Recommended,242860,24609748,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Evensen,I really love how far this game has come. gets better and better
76561198021958769,Recommended,242860,17291978,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,splendidpluto,"Bought this game at full price and I do not regret it at all!  The environments are amazingly beautiful and the weapons fun to use.  The uniforms and weapons are quite accurate.  They also made melee essential in this game and is quite heart pounding.  The squad system is quite nice as it does not give you an unwieldy number of people to direct.  This game is also the best game to come out of the cesspool that is steam greenlight game.  This game also was completed!  Unlike many other titles up to date.All it misses really in my opinion would be a campaign and additional classes and countries to choose from, such as the Russian, Japanese and other influential nationsWould go back to verdun everyday 8/10"
,Recommended,242860,17301309,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Fr4Ged,I really love this game. It is the kind of shooter that is a rare occurance compared to other shooters. The game's principle is as easy as it gets. You either attack or defend the trenches in various places. The weapons are shot while aiming down sight like it was done in the first both Call of Duty games. The games atmosphere is really kicking in when you lay down and try to see where the enemy's fire is comming from.The basic gameplay is a big plus of this game.Sadly the community is quite small which is the only contra I can think of.
76561198124177749,Recommended,242860,17301596,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,LeftWingback,"Definitely a good game. Has a sense of realism as a single bullet can kill you. It can be difficult especially when attacking but there is a strategy involved. As a squad you must decide whether to attack on the left, right, or up the middle. Defenders usually set up their machine guns and its your job to decide which way to go. As a defender it's easy to pick off targets from afar but it can get chaotic very quickly when the opposing side jumps into the trench. All in all the game is quite good. (There is bullet drop as you will see.)"
,Recommended,242860,13134488,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,MrCows🐍,"this game is awesome, seeing a group of people chage right at you while you're chilling in your trench it's amazing. The feeling you get when you see a bullet hit the dirt in front of you. Seeing your comrads fall next to you in battle. It is all amazing."
76561198009250344,Recommended,242860,17302891,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,[TNC] Lupus,"If you can get past the constant annoyances of bad netcode - players warping around -, dodgy hit detection - bullets hitting invisble edges - , derpy shooting mechanics and overall clunky movement and controls, it's a fun arcadish WW1 game that I would say portrays trenchwarfare fairly well; because of the attack- and defend orders, you're ""forced"" - at least in theory - to attack in human waves across no man's land, you're frequently having to navigate around barb wire and all this whilst under fire from MGs, mortars and gas attack."
,Recommended,242860,16896852,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Snickerdoodle,"I bought this game while it was still in Beta, and it has really grown. I am a WW1 fanatic so i've been loooking for such a game for a long time."
76561198093808981,Recommended,242860,16898128,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,piwi,i think this is an amazing game its good and simple and has plenty of team work which you dont see in games i thought it would be a boring game since its world war 1 but its fast paced and has lots  of  strategy
76561198043266392,Recommended,242860,16902469,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,DuffMan 4064,This game is amazing an I suggest everyone to at least try it out for one match 10/10 would get gas striked again :)
,Recommended,242860,16902647,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Holz,"Probably the best WW1 game out there. M2H and Blackmill Games do an excellent job giving you the experiance of trench fighting, petty and futile. Trench takes are long, hard and are not always succesful, about a 60-40% chance depending on the teams. Cover is a MUST if you expect to make it 100ft foward, MGs and Snipers make sure you keep your head down at all times, even in the trench. The maps are super detailed, feels like france/germany/etc countryside, where once animals and bugs lived peacefully are now mud holes filled with filthy, sick, dying and dead men.To sum it all up, Verdun is worth the $22.99 price tag. Get It. Period."
,Recommended,242860,16903466,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,That Loser,verdun = gud g4me
76561198030387055,Recommended,242860,16904273,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Feldspartan Levi,I ran into a French owned trench with a knife and a Luger. I walked out of a German owned trench out of ammo with a blood covered shank.
76561198153786551,Recommended,242860,16905718,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Keeto,This game is amazing all the weapons are accurate and the clothes and squads are fun to mess around with. Close combat is fun but shooting people from far away is much more fun. It is a very strategic game and if you like strategic historically accurate fps games then this is the one for you. have fun
76561198100186493,Recommended,242860,16906150,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Guncrazy2001,"Lets get one thing straight:WWI is a topic that doesn't get many games made about itNobody makes any WWI games these days (well, any GOOD ones, that is). Why? Because Devs dont see that much potential in the idea, and its understandable, back then all there was to warfare was a load of primitive weapons, bomb shells, gas, and thats about it. Most people would think that WWI just isnt a topic that a game can be made under. Well the devs over at M2H and Blackmill think otherwise. They took a chance and made a game simulating an actual WWI scenario. Verdun is one of the few games about WWI out there, and, at that, a diamond in the rough.First of all, the presentationSet during, as said before, the WWI theatre, this game looks absolutely stunning! The graphics are solid, i've recieved no errors, and everything looks just right. Everythign looks, sounds, and FEELS like it fits into WWI (and they do). The maps feel true to the WWI setting, With all the trenches, no mans land, barbed wire, etc. Im able to run it smoothly, but thats only me. Like any game with good graphics, make sure to get a powerful computer! So, in the presentation section, everything is good to go!Now, the thing we all game to the game for, the (unique) gameplayWWI was ALOT diffrent from WWII. Let me explain. First of all, Trench warfare was the standard here. And the game captures this perfectly. Running in th etrenches, defending your base or attacking the enemy's one, it feels claustrophobic and perfectly simulates what it felt like to fight back then. Secondly, the aresenal at your disposal. Sure, theres only 21 weapons (21, lol), but the game knows that and executes these weapons perfectly, wether the cracking on rifles and long range or a well placed pistol shot, all the weapons feel true to the time and right for the game. But dont worry, more content IS coming, including maps AND new weaponry, including the (In)famous C96 Mauser. Now, how the game works. There are 2 modes: Frontline and Rifle Deathmatch. Frontline works like this. If you are attacking, you need to capture the marked territory. If your attack fails, you head into defend mode, which ill explain in a bit. If someone is there before time is up, however, you will gain some extra time to capture the objective, similar to TF2 and Capture Points. In Defend mode, you need to defend your territory from enemy attacks. After a while, if the enemy doesnt capture your base, the attack will lose momentum and you will head into attack mode. If, after a while, noone gains all the enemy territory, then the match will end in a draw (which seems to happen alot for me, but then again; its probably me). Each squad had diffrent specializations and classes, and those classes each have their own set of weapons that sets them apart from the rest, wether you take of a trusty rifle, and powerful pistol, or are grenading the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of enemies, it all works perfectly and all the weapons are portrayed perfectly. Your commanding Officer in the squad has a VERY important role: to lead you (Duh). He can call orders and call in support strikes with motars and gas (Btw, yea, like i said, theres gas in this game. Press 4 to put on your mask to walk through it. Still, the gas, combined with the sight of the goggles, will hinder your view a bit. Not a bad thing. Just letting ya know) All in all, Frontline is solid. Rifle Deathmatch. This mode is pretty self-explanitory. Kill people with WWI rifles, and show off your WWI rifle skills. Nothign else to say. Overall, the game play Well captures the theme of WWI and is still Fun to play.All in all, Verdun is one of the few games out there that does somethign different, but it does it perfectly! The Presentation is solid, the gameplay is challenging yet fun and requires you work together to achiev victory. The game is 23$, which is a resonable price, but i think the game should be priced at 15$ (Or heck, even 20$) For its price, in my opinion. But still, this game is worth the price of admission! This is one of the few WWI games out there, and its also one of the best!"
76561198140554287,Recommended,242860,16869402,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,PhatNigga98,Good game! Its one of the best war games i have ever had. If you like ww1 or any type of war game this is for you!
76561198042793071,Recommended,242860,16760794,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jiriz0r,"Spent half a match hopping from shell hole to shell hole to hide from gas, snipers and machine gun fire, the other half clubbing people in the face and trying to apologize over the sound of my revolver barking.After clearing a foxhole of a German sniper, a 08/15 machine gunner and an artillery spotting NCO in a frenzied charge fuelled by a desperation born of only just surviving the hells of no-mans-land, I felt invincible.I  believed myself equal to Wolverine, the closest thing to a Canadian warrior god, only with a more stylish uniform and civilised facial hair! True, I lacked the retractable knuckle claws and regenerative healing factor but I had a steel-studded club and six .455 rounds in my fully loaded Webley. Nothing could stop me from sweeping this trench clear of Jerry defenders in a swift and brutal surprise attack!Well, nothing except getting stabbed in the gut with a bayonet by a  German rifleman after rounding the very first corner.But as my body crumpled in the fields of Flanders, all I wanted was to join the next wave of reinforcements going over the top and having another go at it. Surely this time we would take that muddy ditch for the glory of the Commonwealth!10/10, would Canadian trench raider again."
,Recommended,242860,24177346,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ming,my dead nan is more alive than this game
76561198283217663,Recommended,242860,24178492,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ray_rockwood,This isn't a COD or Battlefield experience.  Think of it more like Day of Defeat.  You cannot run and gun.  Rambo mode disabled.  You have to take it slow and actually look for the enemy.  Sometimes all you will see is a a small thing moving in the distance so you take aim and boom!  You died because he shot first or someone else got you.  You'll never know because there is no kill cams here.  Sometimes you have to play on the Europe servers because there are more players there then the US.  Nice real history reading on the loading screens.  The Devs have really done their homework when it comes to the weapons and uniforms.
76561198124766326,Recommended,242860,24141526,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Brigham Young,"Very solid and well optimized game, although there are some glitches (ex. reloading glitch, and getting stuck when you crouch up in some places, etc.) Besides that's it's a very good WWI first person shooter."
76561198101075406,Recommended,242860,24138608,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DominusDraco,this game is great
76561198164031136,Recommended,242860,24139374,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,GanglandCosmonaut,I was charging among about 10 men the machinegun fire riping through us like paper then the gas the horrible gas it was to late i was beging to sucubm to the gas i struggled for my mask men falling all around me screaming i sat waiting for the relif of death to bless me as a german ran towards me shovel in hand teabaged me then smacking me dead with said shovel.That out of the way this is a game like none other and i would recomend to anyone
76561198061344753,Not Recommended,242860,20750483,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,sba.Gregxcore,Great game but I can't Recommend it in its current state. Just to terribly optimized
,Recommended,242860,20901827,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,UnclePeanut,"If you want to play a real man's war, this is the game for you.r8: 19/14 out of 19/18"
76561198017352312,Recommended,242860,20901199,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,SirFabular,A terrific game! If only there were more players.
76561198041995262,Recommended,242860,4801868,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,RoKing18,Realistic and awesome to play WWI-era squad-based first person shooter. It's magic!!
,Recommended,242860,20900691,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,TWMazza,"I'll make it quick... In my life I've played quite a lot of games, probably more than I could name. And I haven't seen a single game capturing the muddy trenches of WW1 like Verdun does. A ""quick"" (not to confuse with today's ""quick"") squad-based online FPS set in an authentic WW1 setting with old non-automatic weapons (expect reloading time!), recon planes, mortars, gas attacks and gas masks...Not sure if it's the engine or the server, but to mention it: the game sometimes gets a bit laggy. But the developers have done alot since early access and deserve support (not just the developers but also the community), so I can absolutely recommend it!"
,Recommended,242860,20899874,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[SDP]Mage,"This game is a fun, realistic ww1 based shooter that i have sank a fair number of hours in just a weekend... I see myself playing many many hours of this game. However there are a few bugs.9/10- would ww1 again..."
,Recommended,242860,20921264,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Gearross,You're defending your trench and you get the order to attack you prepare an epic charge with your buddy's...mister machine gun though other wise10/10 would crawl over the entire map again
76561197995590133,Recommended,242860,20921547,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Fr4ntic,trench warfare what else would you want?
76561198054990134,Recommended,242860,20905593,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,The Royal Highlander,It is a lot of fun and a good way to pass the time. Although it can be frustrating sometimes but they keep somewhat regular updates. Excited for future updates.
,Recommended,242860,20903245,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[1st MD] SgootiSauce,Add more blood and gore! Great game hands down. Just more gore along with bigger battles
,Recommended,242860,20923250,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Khaos,"This game is definitely not for me, but I would still recommend it."
76561198042499185,Recommended,242860,20918807,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Great Lakes Gangster,Tons of fun.First time I've really had fun with an fps but the setting of WW1 is such a cool idea that hasnt really been done before and thats what makes this game fun and new.I recommend this game to everyone.
,Recommended,242860,20682990,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Amarok,Decent WWI shooter I enjoy a lot.
,Recommended,242860,22989409,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kazakhstan,Early access game that actualy made it to full release. The devs also keep adding more and more things
76561198029270631,Recommended,242860,23029273,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Lowly Peasant Filth,Immersive ww1 shooter
,Recommended,242860,23049144,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Last_laugh,"this game is great it took me a while to get use to the trench combat but its gr8 u got all the factions my only wish is for them to add the harlem hellfigters that would make this game completeupdate: 10/10 bf1 aint got♥♥♥♥♥♥on this, no battlepacks"
,Recommended,242860,23052912,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,KaptainQuark,"Absolutely awesome, authentic trench warfare game"
76561198159685733,Recommended,242860,22961599,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,AMagicalBear,My friend and I both have shellschock now...10/10
76561198092066499,Recommended,242860,20921263,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,RoyaleWithCheese,"If you don't like this WW1 game, just go ahead and buy the other one..Oh wait.Yea that's what I thought.Punk.Buy this.Update:With the announcement of Battlefield 1 we now have 2 WW1 fps.You should still buy this!"
76561198058593794,Recommended,242860,23022091,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,dogmatix5.2000,"Pretty good, frustrating at first but once you find the class and equipment load out that really suits you it can be really fun."
,Recommended,242860,22974424,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,RedishDwarf,Sooo tense!excellently executed almost to perfection. Possibly need a fairly good computer to run high settings but can run smoothly at 30 on low on my laptop. Community excellent. Game excellent. must buy if you are into tactically based unicorn fights. defiantly the definitive TF2 pyro simulator. ;)
,Recommended,242860,23056309,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,♕Jack♕,this is one of ther best if not the best WWI game on steam. The fighting is very balenced (everyone gets on shot kills. exept machine guns but machine guns are still really good.) and the progressions system really helps people have to find a group to stick w/ and be able to make new friends. 10/10.
76561198035787245,Recommended,242860,20880502,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Ferens,"Unreal game, just like how it was when i was a kid."
76561198088008816,Recommended,242860,20876404,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,FlyingKekaPow00,"This game is one of the most amazing games I have ever played. The developers have made an amazing World War one shooter, and they bring attention to one of history's most ""looked over"" wars, and yet it was called ""The Great War"". This game i very accelerated, so that part is not realistic, but who wants to wait a week to go over the top in game? No one. In real life, if you get shot in the led with a rifle bullet, you are not going to die, at least immediately. But, in WW1, if you got shot in the leg, chances are you will die in like a week or something. Anti-biotics were not created yet. So, you would die from infection. At this point, the game has some bugs, but the developers are working very hard to fix them. If you like a good shooter that is realistic, this is the game."
,Not Recommended,242860,23912787,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Micah,Get BF1 instead
76561198263445384,Not Recommended,242860,20768513,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Nark Shark,it doesnt let you play
76561198077178015,Recommended,242860,20794459,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Random312,If you're in this game for the realism then this is  a good buy. Easy to die and easy to kill this game really brings out the fears of no man's land.
76561198128730562,Recommended,242860,20799706,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,acdclegends97,Brilliant game. but it keeps crashing every few games i play. please fix this
,Not Recommended,242860,20798455,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,[IG] tictack22,"The game plays more like a call of duty ww1 game. The game seems like it would be fun for someone with friends (Like almost every game) but for someone like me, who doesn't have many friends.... The game is not. The description and pictures and even videos of the game lead one to believe that the game is team based and even has almost a role play element to it. While in actaulity it's more of a run at your face and get spawn camped game. Don't get me wrong, I did good at it. But navigating a confusing menu and game controls that feel wonky at times, was not what I sighned up for. Plays much more like an alpha then a real game. Would be fine for like $10 but not worth it."
76561198021436281,Recommended,242860,20796241,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,PeenusmuncherAnelstimulator69,MMMmmmmmm yea baby I love me some trench foot.  Mmmmmmmmm yes.
76561198027029151,Recommended,242860,20778156,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Asinius_Naso,We had the Germans on the run. I had one in my sights. I felt bad for him so I didn't shoot him in the back. Turns out it was Hitler. 10/10 would accidentally start the third reich again.
76561197973661313,Recommended,242860,20779258,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Galcobar,"Awesome shooter, love it."
76561198073706621,Not Recommended,242860,20777669,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ScottyBoiiSnipez,THE LAG MAKES THIS GAME UNPLAYABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I RUN GAMES WITH MUCH BETTER GRAPHICS THAN THIS SUCCESFULLY! FIGURE IT OUT
,Recommended,242860,20777919,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,mentally ill turtle,i have about  houres on hand i love the idead and the trench warfare is awsome.Its not all great though.i wish there was bigger scale battles and the SMLE rifle is to good and players camp in the back of map and snipe with to the point wear if youre defending you cant shoot the players in no mans land the point beetween the 2 trenches wear thats wear youre post to get them and if youre attaking you cant move up.its still a great game and i recommend it
,Recommended,242860,20786789,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Toten,"It's like Red Orchestra but World War One.10/10 Would invade France again.If you enjoy the process of spawn, die, spawn, die, spawn, die, spawn die."
,Recommended,242860,20669318,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Sammy the Schizophreniac,*Spawn in**Has a Lugar* OO cool*Jumps over trench* Here we go :)*Instant Death 100 times* FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU10/10 Would get shot again.
,Recommended,242860,20669607,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Derp (Jack) [CTRG-B],This game is very good for what i have played and i reccomend it so anyone who likes history games :)dould be a little cheaper
76561198067206910,Recommended,242860,20671640,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mantha,"Verdun is an absolutely marvelous game, a World War I FPS released at a perfect time, opportune to honor the 100th anniversary of The Great War itself. I have never seen such an endeavor to bring the gaming world the experiences of trench warfare so powerfully. Other games simply do not immerse you in the First World War as this one does. I think if a soldier of the war were to see the game he'd agree it is spot on with most of the aspects of the battles. Verdun, though it still has some kinks to it and room to be improved upon, is already a fantastic game, one of my very top favorites. I delight to wonder what it has in store for us in the many exciting updates to come!If you enjoy history, are a military buff, war-lover, or simply want a new and different FPS to play, Verdun will satsify you, I believe. It takes war seriously, and one has to adjust to the strategies, tactics, and methods of World War I. As I said before, it is still a new game, and is not without its bugs and errors, but in time, Verdun will shape out to be one of best games portraying war to come out in years, and hopefully years to come. Verdun deserves a lot."
76561198119551537,Recommended,242860,24287338,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Erikr237,a really fun multiplayer game  that involves a lot of strategy and skill
76561198077331503,Not Recommended,242860,24662123,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Cheshyre,"Well its a very interesting and unique fun game to play, especially if you're into History and War, but with that being said the game has very little population and the only remaining players are veterans, so it's not a very noob friendly game."
76561198027205202,Recommended,242860,24676851,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,keur de kuivre,"Great dev support, fun gunplay, would recommend."
76561197985329953,Recommended,242860,24672748,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,"Kim, The Eternal",Its a lot of fun. Each squad is different (voice chat is e) and the game is pretty tactical in how you approach/ engage groups of enemies with your bolt action rifle. Trench foot not included.
76561198027499953,Recommended,242860,24672934,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Frulla,"- Gets Squad together in trench- Succsessfully fights off German davance- Carefully coordinates plan to take enemy trench with squad- Fights across Flanders, succsessfully makes it into trench- Gets outflanked by 1 guy with Luger, whole squad dies- Does it again10/10 would die with my squad again"
76561198243679874,Recommended,242860,24679713,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,PRINGLE128434,*Joins game*We successfully defend the trench*I run through the all the swarms of bullets*I reach the enemy trench*We attack the enemy trench and everyone shoots at the enemy reinforcements*The enemy trench is ours*We successfully defend the trench again*We all run through enemy artillery and we flank both sides*We close in on them and shoot the reinforcements again*We win the match11/10 I would recommend this to anyone.
,Recommended,242860,24764560,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,bearman71,"I dont play the game too much, but by far one of the coolest games I have every played. The battles are messy, the learning curve is steep, but the game is so rewarding.  Your first hour is trying to figure out why you get shot everytime you  move.Also active devs keep the game moving forward in a positive direction."
,Recommended,242860,24763337,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Wienerslinky,"Very good game. looking forward to Battlefield 1? come joins us. just remember, this is a very hard and brutal game. 1 hit kills, brutal gore, sitting in a trench. i love it. there are alot of guns usable and every match you have a different class. the frontlines gamemode is very well made. that is where you attack the enemy trench or defend your trench from said enemies attacking. you can play as germans, french, americans, british, belgians and more. the graphics are pretty good, except on one map where the trees are all messed up. the animations could use some polishing aswell. overall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,242860,25233824,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Oscarius,"Realistic, good looking WW1 FPS. Shooting works great and the Dutch developers have really done a great job."
76561198005757092,Recommended,242860,25233953,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Tim,I can have a MG 08/15 I press like.
,Recommended,242860,25234100,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,GloriousRed,This game is a shellshock
76561198167495547,Recommended,242860,24974438,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,blaydinvdm,does not work keeps on giving me errors when i go into the game
76561198079460449,Recommended,242860,24983601,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Battery Acid,"Man oh man is it exhilarating to lay in a trench with nothing more than a Luger, listening to the bloodcurdling screams of your dying comrades while the enemy pushes up on your location.I love this damn game, nothing is quite like it. The graphics are excellent, the character movements are solid, and the immersion is incredible. The soundtrack is pretty nice too. 10/10"
76561198080140164,Not Recommended,242860,24969031,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Action Bronson,"i like the game,but i got to play it for about 10 minutes when i downloaded it and then started crashing every time i joined a game, i checked online if anyone found out a way to fix this problem, but no.I tried verifying ther game cache three times and nothing happened therefore i must not reccomend this game."
76561198104774897,Recommended,242860,21518309,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,smell_the_ashes,I have owned this game since earlier access and it does not cease to amaze me whenever I play it! This game is really quite in my opinion a masterpiece and I cannot wait to see where the devs take it.
,Recommended,242860,21508351,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,per.kuskan,"if you like wwi, you will like this game toJUST DO ITMAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUEDO ITJUST DO ITYES YOU CAN"
76561198079374779,Recommended,242860,17866199,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ThatRedcoat,1/10 Caught trench foot.
76561198130510465,Recommended,242860,15603196,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kaiser Cuba,"If you are like me and are a WW1 history nerd, and have always wanted a WW1 first person shooter. This game is for you."
76561198255134728,Recommended,242860,21751919,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,forcewielder8,great game! wish there was a single player mode
76561198233365476,Recommended,242860,21417630,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,BOI,"When a game will let you run around with a club while under artillary, machinegun, and rifle fire you know its good.10/10"
76561198079507554,Recommended,242860,21417820,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jaeger,"Look out of the trench, die. Repeat. would rage again."
,Recommended,242860,21423114,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[83]Crawnight,"Played the beta back in 2009 with my mates from83clan.comWe loved it back then with all the bugs and frustrating moments and could not wait tiill it was released in all its glory.7 years later we are near that goal.we also voted for greenlight and when it passed, we were so happy we *beep* ourselfs.now we standing here, with that beautiful game, trench wars were never so intense.i'm glad they made it this far, this game is bloody awesome!"
76561198048625573,Recommended,242860,21427857,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Kass,Great game HOWEVER the hit detection is currently awful. Ive been in a trench multiple times and shot a person point blank only for the game not to register this and thus giving the other player a chance to kill me. it was not bad aim because the reticle was spot on and zoomed in. Yet somehow this person manages to TURN AROUND and shoot me because my shot did not count. Not only that but sniping in this game is awful because at a distance players will teleport nearly 10 feet at a time forcing you to GUESS where to shoot them. You cant aim at them or even lead the shot. You have to predict where the next teleport will land the enemy. Fix your hit detection and the player rendering at a distance. I should not shoot someone turned away from me point blank and not have it count only to give them time to turn around and shoot me. That is just frustrating and makes me wait until this game is updated to continue playing. Otherwise I love the game and its a shame I no longer wish to play it because of a few issues. I will give the game a thumb up because there is more good going for it than bad. Please fix certain aspects of this game.
,Not Recommended,242860,21422338,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Slimy,Not worth
76561198098166572,Recommended,242860,21419738,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Cabrini,"Very fun, atmospheric & immersive. Easy to get into but looks to have a lot of gameplay death. A lot of the reviews say that you constantly die -- but as a beginner I can say if you just play carefully and avoid open spaces you should be fine :D."
76561198019536073,Recommended,242860,21420230,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ShadowBoxer195,10 out of 10 great fun. One of the best ww1 shooters I've played.
76561198066129696,Recommended,242860,18301646,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Sir Loin Of Beef,"this game is fun but it needs work not content work, in the rifle deathmatchs on Flanders, Artois and just about any other map there are spots that are just long level spots where everybody spawns since there is no random spawns so what people do is sit at one end of that strech and kill all who spawn there and you will spawn there and I have done this before just to prove a point I'm level 13 in the game and i got 600 points in one rifle death match from doing this and this goes for any of the maps if you know where the spawn points are you can just camp them like everybody else does."
,Recommended,242860,16434536,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Axe Wielding Englishman,"To quote Blackadder:General: ""And that is what is so brilliant about it! It will catch the watchful Hun totally off-guard! Doing precisely what we've done eighteen times before is exactly the last thing they'll expect us to do this time! There is, however, one small problem...""Captain: ""That everyone always gets slaughtered in the first ten seconds?""General: ""That's right."""
,Recommended,242860,21735645,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Yuraj,Finally something in style of Day of Defeat. Good game!
,Recommended,242860,21639917,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Wud,well we had a temporary cease fire that lasted about a minuitemade a friend10/10 would cease fire again
,Recommended,242860,24694910,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,StrakInPak,"Trench warfare like you wouldnt find it in a game like Call of Duty and Battlefield. Yes, even Battlefield 1 will probably not feature this kind of trench warfare. The game is alot slower than traditional FPS games, since its pretty much a sniper fest with bolt action rifles and big old school machine guns. In your trench you're pretty well protected from small arms fire, but then there's always the enemies artillery bombardments you're gonna want to watch out for. If you actually want to score some kills though, you're going to have to put your head above the trenches and take out the advancing enemy. My best tip for this game is to never stay in a single area for too long, or you'll risk being shot. Use cover where you can. If you're looking out over a spot with something like a machine gun, cover the frontline diagonally with some cover at the sides. It gives you the best chance at picking off attackers without them being able to snipe you head on. Watch out for grenades, and get the hell around a corner when the enemy throws a grenade into your trench.The most prominent gamemode is named Frontlines and is VERY different from the default deathmatch kind of games you see in other shooters. The match switches between defending and attacking. During defence you are more or less forced to stay in your trench and defend it as the other team tries to cross no mans land and capture your trench. After this, its your team's turn to attack or counter attack. This goes back and forth along multiple trench lines and gives a VERY authentic WW1 feeling, as there's an actual frontline. Games like Call of Duty never have a frontline, because you never really know where the enemy is coming from. Both teams are pretty much looking in eachothers directions in this game.I can really recommend this game. Its a very refreshing shooter after getting SO bored of games like Call of Duty and Battlefield. It does get frustrating to get shot from out of nowhere sometimes, but its only a reminder that you didnt keep your head down or recon well enough. Surviving what you need to learn, though dying is also part of the game, as sometimes survival is just not possible. Trench warfare is known to be brutal and unforgiving, its a challenge to get good at, but its also great fun at the same time. Seeing how far you can get before inevitable death is pretty addicting.This game was made by dutch people. If you're dutch and love FPS games in war scenario's, support these guys and get the game!"
76561198033474190,Recommended,242860,24695465,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Grels,"Franky speaking, Verdun is THE best multiplayer shooter based on WW1 that there is. It might be the only one, but hey-hoe, I like this game anyway. While I personally would appreciate more variety on both maps and playing modes (like, escort missions, sabotage missions, find a certain Corporal tagged A. Hitler and end his life for some reason -missions, et cetera) - maybe even the possibility to drive those akward 1910's tanks! - Verdun is a great tactical shooter and has so unique feeling going on I'm pretty sure you won't find from your average WW2 or Halo shooters. This game needs WAY more attention! Full recommendation from me."
76561198209041928,Recommended,242860,24690779,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,lil_niglet,Great game
,Recommended,242860,24700404,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Laces G,"i like the game and concept.. but its kinda hard, hard to see where the enemies are. and just a ruff first time go around.."
76561198021908196,Recommended,242860,22529428,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Tombapic,"Realistic historical first person shooter in worl war 1.You play a soldier in the trench war, you choose your character, french german, U.S marines, belgian,etc... and you choose your map or battlefield.Rules are simple, take the ennemy trench or defend your trench. Sound easy but the game is hard and will ask you to show how good you are in fps.Remember it's a realistic game, 1 bullet or 1 bayonet hit is enough to kill you so be ready to crowl in the mud to avoid the ennemy machine guns and sniper, and pray for the bombs and arty doesn't find you.It's a great game, hard and fun gameplay, and will show you a little what was the hell of worl war 1.Dev team keep to create new stuff for the game and they made a very good work so far (and it was all free)."
,Recommended,242860,24678349,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TheCheekiBreeker,i love this game soo much and i would realy like to see them make the offline mode better by makeing it so you could play front lines.
,Recommended,242860,24497876,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Private Pyle,"Did you use the pre-nerf R8 in CS:GO?, Are you looking for a pistol to replace your rifle?, Then look no further because this game has the reichsrevolver!, 1 shot kill at any range, easy to use long range sights and cross map headshots included with any purchase of verdun.(I do not take any responsibility for you geting killed while cocking the hammer/reloading, that is all your own fault and if you want it fixing you better get a CS:GO dev to work on the game)"
76561198079387346,Recommended,242860,24802880,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Darth Plagueis The Wise,Pros:fun trench warfaregood community in gameCons:webley is the bane of everyones existence10/10 one of my favorite games on my computer
76561198106454141,Recommended,242860,24814325,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,The Riddler,"most realistic ww1 game out there. that means camping and tactics are essential of course. if you are looking for these two attributes, just buy the game it's perfect for you."
76561198001690172,Recommended,242860,24651942,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Alcoholic,"Fun game, pretty realistic... yet i wanted to deploy more gas cause its fun to play in it."
,Recommended,242860,24569507,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Beautancus,"Great fun, truly unique in the modern market of FPSers.  Will not kid, you will get the most mileage out of Verdun with a group of good friends to play with, but you will find plenty of fun even if you are a miserably lonely bastich.  PTSD Simulator + 5.9.5/10"
76561198110101377,Recommended,242860,24632875,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,KilRoy,"Very fun, but realistic. My only complaints are the lighting and the fact that barbed wire is over powered. Not for the run and gun players of COD, but an easy death game. Not for the impatient."
76561198301022982,Recommended,242860,24651750,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,GARY THE SNAIL,"im a war buff and i know alot about ww2, vietnam, korea, ww1,ETC. and i think this game took a long time to make and its a realy awesome game i have over 72 hours played on it and its got some really awesome graphics and animations within it i just think its a really awesome game"
76561198105779186,Recommended,242860,24751271,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SgtCuddleBum,"please, buy this game.we need more playersthis game is fun and its criminal that not many people own itgo get the 4 pack, gift them.this next section is not the main game mode, im just describing the modes i play.. theres also another squad based mode ive left out-for tdm and dm (attrition and rifle deathmath) there are so many weapons to choose from.it is challenging, because of the size and openness of the map, having to cower in trenches and ditches waiting to move into the next hole or pop up to find someone and shoot. at longer ranges you really have to scan the screen for movement. its a challenge, but it is so fun and satisfying when you get that long range shot."
76561198043802123,Recommended,242860,24737767,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,benrl89,"I was very surprised when i first played Verdun.Firstly as a game because of the stunning graphics, immersion, fluid gameplay, and painstaking attention to historic detail.Secondly because of the rather unique topic they chose and how well they have captured certain aspects of the horrors of WW I. Several of my ancestors fought during WW I, and this is the one of very few ways i can gain a certain understanding of what they saw and experienced.I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who is looking for- by far- one of the most impressive FPS in recent years. And certainly a milestone in the remembrance of the horror-sacrifice-and courage that the men who fought and died during WW I witnessed."
76561198312047875,Recommended,242860,24735854,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,fightthefear1234,I love the game and recomend it to all who love history and FPS games.
,Recommended,242860,24733173,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,[F.T.W.]†dav/alias\dart†/mad LEX,"Start Sniping, get hit by mortars,restart sniping, get hit by a sniper,try to hike in the trenches get hit by flamethrower,took a 1911 pistol, killed 5 people.Score; 5 kills 3 deadsPERFECT.Totally would die again!"
76561198144386550,Recommended,242860,24732333,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sans,my favorite game VERY reallistic i reccomend anyone intrested in a VERY WELL MADE fps or a realistic trench warfare sinario my only problem is a little lag but everything else is just great youll have so much fun playing this!
76561198093901140,Recommended,242860,24689620,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,mjjme,"Chauchat never Jams,No dysentry,No one reffers to the Germans as Harry Hun,No one shouting Ya-Boo sucks to you Fritzie,Gas masks stop 100% of gas,No button that allows you to curl up and cry,No Auzies, Austrians, Turks, Ruskies, Scots or Colonials,French not hairy enough,No endless rations of tobaccoInclude these features and I'll be a happy man"
,Recommended,242860,24674477,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,_Jolly_,"Jolly looked across the trench at all the young scared faces. They were all so fresh it was a disgrace. If Jolly survived this battle he would personally kill whoever made all these young souls go off to die. Jolly was going to start the Whistle to attack soon and he needed these worthless piles of meat to attack. Jolly started to walk the line and the first lad he met was shining a scoped rifle. ""What do you think your doing son"" said Jolly. The young man quickly looked up then shot up into a salute(that energy would soon leave him) ""at ease son, now answer my question what in hell do you think your doing""...""Sir I am shining my scope sir I am your new sharpshooter "".... jolly: ""Son my squad doesn't have any sharpshooters only riflemen."" Now take that scope off"" soldier: ""but Sir how am I supposed to snipe""... Jolly grabs the young man by the collar and forcefully turns his head towards the enemy line. Jolly: ""How far away is the enemy line soldier?"" The young man stuttered and said ""250-300 yards sir"" Jolly: ""Now what is the range of your rifle"" soldier:""1500-2000 yards sir"". Jolly: ""Do you what my squad calls itself son?"" Soldier:""Iron Crosshairs sir""Jolly:""haha your catching on, now that that silly scope off that gun, you won't have a chance to aim it at these ranges anyways. I suggest you fix your bayonet were attacking soon."" Jolly had difficulty hiding his dark grin. That's why they called him jolly, he was always jolly. As he blew his whistle his squad ran right and all the the new faces went the easiest route. Soon they learned their mistake for they walked directly into a machine gun kill zone. As Jolly and his teammates crawled through the rough terrain the screams of the dying filled their souls. Jolly smiled because he knew those who survived would officially join his ranks."
76561198012672004,Not Recommended,242860,15908649,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Mortimer Klebble,"Buy this game if you like popping out of a trench, getting shot and killed by someone you couldn't see, then waiting 20 seconds at a spawn timer to do it all over again. No, it's nothing else. I literally have no idea how nobody else doesn't enjoy this."
,Recommended,242860,15909134,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,boogadeebah,this game is great.buy it now!!
76561198071693944,Recommended,242860,15909817,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,PARTYNEXTDOOR,"Intense gameplay, although the LMGs are wayyy too overpowered."
,Recommended,242860,15910420,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,wolflover3561,"I give the game an 8/10. It has great gameplay and has awesome potential, but in the end it still has a few bugs that need to be worked out. I still highly recommend buying it and playing it though."
,Recommended,242860,16053360,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The Unknown Soldier,"good game, good game, only problem is the sight glitch other then that good game"
76561198080207561,Recommended,242860,25830120,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Imua,poorly designed with some sides having a clear advantage over the other in map design other than that its ight
,Recommended,242860,25990850,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,THEBIGJUICY,While crawling through piles of my dead comrads  i was able to camoflague and kill le regiment tedesk kaiser reichs
76561198022396434,Recommended,242860,25989107,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Ozzyoct,"Despite Battlefield 1 doing WWI as well as Verdun. I feel that Verdun offers a more authentic version of the first World War, it still needs some tweaking, but if you could get the game under $25 I would recommend it. The game is visually appealing at times it can look really grey , sometimes it shines in the night maps, or the maps that haven't been bombarded yet. The gameplay can get really dull, but if you were to play with a friend or group, some scenarios get really intense and fun. In my opinion the key feature that is missing from this game is customization in squads and a more simple skill tree, and a singe player campaign. The game definitely requires plenty of polish, but at times it can show its potential, however I am still recommending this game."
,Recommended,242860,25986971,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,DJKekz,"Very good game, the developers are constantly fixing errors and adding new ideas. But currently there is a bug where sometimes when a person dies it doesn't just drop on the floor but it stays on their feet or it just sits in the air. There are only a few little bugs like this one and they are not game breaking."
76561198035526574,Recommended,242860,26018309,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BernardBaghdadi,"Brillaint game, with fantastic graphics (if your pc can handle it). finally a WW1 shooter, which duly delivers faceds pace gameplay with a nervy feel of trench life to add to the tension.from battling hand to hand in the network of trenches, to picking off your enemy from a few hundred yards with an early sniper.Only Multiplayer.Laptops can handle however some form of cooling is recommended, while it will in the long term just destroy your piece."
,Recommended,242860,23233841,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,AfTerMaths,"First in game.Early Access,-Wat da hel just happening???-Very serious bugs-confuse with foes and friends-very freaking hard!!!!!Back to play when EA announced BF1.-Holy --it very pretty graphic-many times died with a sharp bullet with more realistic-very impressive new maps-10 career points spend with rifle deathmatch mode-still very freaking hard!!If you bought it since very first Early Access released you would get cheaper price from now.11/10 ATM"
,Recommended,242860,26016310,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MrBriggs,"Verdun is a brillitant world war one first person shooter, and yes i use the term first person shooter as this is no military simulator like arma. Instead this a 'medium' paced game which creates a good atmosphere unlike other world war one fps titles, which have also been around this year."
76561198124976195,Recommended,242860,26076268,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CHRONO,very accurate and rewarding. A little bit more strategic than battlefield and very fun to play. Defenitely worth the money
76561198007287136,Recommended,242860,18062697,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Nukular,"rough around the edges, but great game!Best ww1 game i played so far."
,Recommended,242860,26079691,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dream,Battlefield 1 if it was made by developers with integrity.
,Recommended,242860,26093355,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Grizzoh,Best crawling simulator -1914 to 1918
76561198122605689,Recommended,242860,26095463,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,da_bomb_diggity21,Verdun? more like very fun.This game is a really fun and accurate WW1 game. My favorite part about is the extreme use of bolt action rifles. something about them really gets me going. This game has lots of room for developement and i cant wait to see what the creators come up with. A downside is that the community is somewhat small and not growing
,Recommended,242860,26099031,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Cupcake,"Good game. But, at least on my computer, it crashes way too often. There is literally almost a 100% chance that the game will crash whilst I play for an hour."
76561198130049424,Recommended,242860,26031102,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Happylittleman,"Oh the screams, the horrible screams."
76561198007292614,Recommended,242860,26033994,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Erick_Bloodaxe,"If you're into realistic first person shooters then this is one you need to check out. If you're into games set in authentic historical times and locations, then once again this game will do it for you. Verdun is impressive with just the authenticity of the maps, then you see the weapons, uniforms, equipment, and just the overall flavor of the game. The only thing this lacks for an authentic feeling of WWI is the smell that would have gone with those trenchces full of bodies, a detail I live without. Some playes complain about the chellenging nature of some of the maps, but that's the point. Millions of men didn't die taking and retaking places that were a cake walk. This game is the only one I've ever played that feels real to the period and doesn't pull any punches on gore or weapon functions etc. Overall, a great FPS set in a very under appreciated conflict that deserves so much more attention. Even 100 years later we are still feeling the repurcussions of this war.Have fun. Keep your head down."
,Recommended,242860,25882948,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,✪Cookie,"It's an amazing game, sadly it'll probably die out soon due to this so called ""Battlefield 1"" that claims its accurate."
76561198114447585,Recommended,242860,25876901,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,GotHomey,Just because i put a thumbs up dosen't mean this game Is for everyone.What i mean by this is that it dose have good amount of content in it and its well made but the biggest downer for me and for a few other people was the gameplay.See the game adverties that its a realistiec game{not really a realistic game but whatever}and has hardcore gameplay elements which it dose{kinda}.Some of this elements are one hit kill or 4 hit kill depending on the weapon you are using and heavy team base gameplay.So in short this game is not for casual gaming it is for pro gaming or for people who love realtistic games.So if you are a casual gamer i warned you.
76561198226781560,Recommended,242860,25892504,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Olinawesome,"Great game with very good graphics, and overall well made maps. This would be #1 on my list of war games. Really recommend you get this game as it is worth every penny!"
,Not Recommended,242860,23922232,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Matelite05,♥♥♥♥♥would rather get a refund.
76561197984723659,Recommended,242860,12339401,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Private William B. Hincks,Just added mustard gas... and gas masks.. AWESOME.. Great game. The best WW1 shooter by far... Keep up the improvements DEV's..
,Recommended,242860,25996453,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Duncan Currie,Very Enjoyable Game
,Recommended,242860,25999950,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Patmahn,"You sit in a trench, You check a grenade out, You pop out of the trench to take a shot at the enemy's trench, and you continue sitting in your trench10/10 -IGN would trench warfare again"
,Recommended,242860,26240730,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,FFS_Cybermat47,"One of the best FPS games out there. It looks, feels, and plays authentically. Gameplay is fast-paced and fun. If you enjoy 'Red Orchestra', you'll LOVE this."
76561198045008255,Recommended,242860,26170170,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Barman,very cool & intense WW1 multi-player FPS.Damn competitive though.
76561198280305924,Recommended,242860,26258851,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,mohamadfawazz,i used to love this game after i got my porn addiction
76561198066419810,Recommended,242860,26251595,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Dragulitis,Dank game Very realistic would highly recommend =)
76561198104979519,Recommended,242860,26261392,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DeWitt,Absolutely fantastic game. It provides very realistic and authentic ww1 trench warfare gameplay. The combat style and game mechanics may take some getting used to but stick it out because it's definitely worth it. I rate it 9/10 for what it is so in a nutshell i highly recomend playing it :D
76561198008068323,Not Recommended,242860,20458439,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sheffield,"Great WW1 game.But its horrible.Every single one of my bullets take an hour to hit the target, and even when it NEARLY does, it misses, and i end up getting  owned by the opposite team. I love the design of the game, beautiful graphics, FPS is great but maybe for once, i could get more than 5 kills.The bayonet is stuffed up, and what is he doing with it anyway? Wiggle a god damn gun, wheres the thrust in his attack? Hes just tickling them with it.Otherwise, give it a chance, maybe your good at it."
,Recommended,242860,20458546,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,✪ gogo,"Very nice job. Well thought out and researched game, polished so that it looks amazing. Thrilling to play, but with a bit of a challenge. Definately check it out."
,Recommended,242860,18231516,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,G1GHORTRIDER,"Not only is this one of the only WW1 shooter on the market, but its also one of the best non triple A fps to have been released recently. If you, like me, have wanted a WW1 fps game for years this is a dream come true. So do yourself a favor and pick up this game today, and become a part of one of the most devastating wars of all time."
,Recommended,242860,20462364,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Cluckster,"Takes a while for you to get used to it, it is basically a simplified version of battlefield, but older and with trenches, very interesting gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,17344194,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Matchitehew,kick♥♥♥♥♥game!best wold war one game in a long time
,Recommended,242860,20624287,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Somville,Awesome game!
76561198092767792,Recommended,242860,20651742,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,dvontrec,"DON'T GET THIS GAME IF YOU DON'T LIKE DYING!!!!!!!!! i love this game the attack and defense portions are perfectly balanced.  I just went 15 and 30, and couldn't be happier. i recommend all of you try it, but if you don't like dying id advise you to steer clear."
76561198075124535,Recommended,242860,20651464,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,baleev,its very tactical and easy to die but this grows on you eventuly
76561198112062139,Recommended,242860,20613711,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Secret_Mustache,"The total number of military and civilian casualties in World War I was over 38 million. You will die that many times in this game and still want to play. Well done, Verdun"
,Recommended,242860,20609669,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,neeb,"While its price is a bit high and its gameplay isn't 100% perfect as it is still being developed, Verdun is in my opinion the best WW1 shooter currently on the market and is quite the fun game to play especially if you enjoy the era. Give this game some time and it will definitely be a very strong."
,Recommended,242860,20613028,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,OGcriploc213,I like it
,Recommended,242860,20613204,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,HAZMAT,"Unlike most other FPS's that I've ever played.  Carelessness is punished harshly, and the various loadouts/squads have tons of variety to them.  Most weapons do one hit kills, so keep your head down.  My favorite roles are the squad commanders, who act as mobile spawn points and can call in artillery, gas, and recon planes (for revealing enemy positions on the map).  Content updates are frequent and free, no paid DLC bullpucky here.  All around great experience and well worth the reasonable price.  Even runs decently on crummy computers at low settings.  Great community too, few (if any) jerks, morons, and fun-ruiners.   Buy it, crawl around in the mud getting shot at and shelled, die, have an amazing time."
,Recommended,242860,20612716,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Bigduncan64,"Germans' holsters tuned pinkish-purple; other players will put on gas mask, but you can't see the mask; germans out matched on  Dumont (balance it by giving  the germans access to the turrets and their machineguns and a few other bugs. love the game so far. it would be really cool if you were able to Add other factions such as the  turkish, belgian,  and australians. Also a map with underground tunnel system would make the maps a little more vertical. Just some suggestions, keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,242860,20655866,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,-TFW- Gen. CommissarFalk,"Fort Douaumont. Western Front, 1916. The air is heavy with the smell of death. My wave spawns and rushes toward the German position. I am the NCO of a squad of Tommies. Seeing the trademark Pickelhaube helmet of a german MG-Schutze, I dive for cover. Creeping forward I take aim with my revolver and end his life. Reload. I spot one more and call an artillery strike on his position. Five kills are added to my tally. My team rushes forward and takes the enemy's first trench. This is good progress. Inside the confines of the fort we defend our newly gained territory. The end of a tunnel on the left side of the map is covered by german machine gunners and riflemen. I call in another mortar strike at the end of the tunnel. Four more dead are added to my tally. I pull the pin on my mills bomb and throw, doing the same with another. Soon enough six more germans lie dead at my hands. Feeling the rush of success I charge forward with my revolver, blaring my whistle in signal for my squad to come and support. My charge is cut short by a well placed german rifle shot. As I lay dying, I look to the sky and ask God for mercy. This is Verdun. And I am having the time of my life."
76561198148096031,Recommended,242860,23556304,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,T H I C C,This game is really good you get to exspernce how it was like in the trenches in this game you can acctuly work with your teamdo not worry about the grafics there exsactly what you see in the pictures the game is quit fast even on a cappy coputer
,Recommended,242860,19977034,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dimebag Darrell,"Defientely one of the best WW1 shooters on the market. Verdun offers a realistic, gritty take on the inafamous ""Battle of Verdun"", a final stand for the French that took almost 2 years to resolve. This shooter differs from your run-of-the-mill ""shoot the bad guy"" shooter. In Verdun, you are focused on gaining ground and tsking trenches. The Trench warfare is fast and gritty, to where 1 shot will almost definitely kill you. Verdun is not a rush-playstyle type of game, every move you make, every step you take, somone's watching you. One misstep, and your life could be taken right from you. Verdun offers over ten factions to play as, in cluding The French, Germans, Ottoman Empire, Belgium, The United States, England and Canada. All of these factions have 2 sub classes placed within them, giving a certain playstyle to that sub class. For example, the US Marine subclass is used for clearing trenches with ease, while the US Doughboy sub-class is used for suppressive fire. The community is acceptable and not filled with 10 year olds trying to be ""MLG"". Sadly, Verdun isn't perfect. Connection is sometimes goofy and the team balance is sometimes off, causing a crucial game. Overall, Verdun is a solid 9.5/10. It offers a fun, realistic experience that any fan of the time period should enjoy. Once you play one game of Verdun, you will be hooked for a while. (Steam is lying about me having only 9 hours ingame :P)"
,Recommended,242860,20690020,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Tea and cake,realism is taken very seriosly
76561198065513855,Recommended,242860,23610233,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Croaks,"Verdun has to be one of my favorite games on Steam. I never get bored of it. The developers do a great job of blending realism with fun gameplay, and it proves to be a great experience. Verdun captures that intense trench warfare feel. Even though there are no vehicles, every match still feels like an all-out war.There's a big learning curve, and you do die a lot before you get good at the game, but it's definitely a fun experience overall. I'm glad there's a game about World War I as good as this."
76561198028603037,Recommended,242860,23609243,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Tropical Power,Good game!
,Recommended,242860,23609300,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,xSilas43,"Do you miss the good old world war games? then Verdun is for you! classic rifle warfare in trenches! Many different ""teams"" and squads with 4 types of roles within each one, you can even unlock new weapons for each teams role very easily, offering a different playstyle. Lots of fun and quite realistic!"
,Recommended,242860,23563925,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Evily,"Excellent game about WW1, expect a lot of dying at first but it's a blast at its best."
,Recommended,242860,23592077,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,๖ۣۜSgt. Meowmers,The ultimate PTSD simulator
,Recommended,242860,23592312,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ubb,"If you love war games but dont like the fancy weapon skins, killstreaks and p**sy stuff like that you are welcome here"
76561198105805188,Recommended,242860,23592986,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Mustafa Obong,"excellent gameplay, excellent realism and a kind and teaching community. Would defintly recommend."
,Recommended,242860,23590054,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Moonman,"Played 18 hours at time of writing of the review.This game is wonderful, it has a wonderful authentic feel while not being bogged down too deeply into realism. (While it is very realistic it doesnt go too far and still makes an enjoyable game.) The general lack of music helps to intesify the feeling you get when your having artillery being shot at you, and gas, knowing that you will be attacked and have to really fight for your life.If you are coming to this game looking for a COD shoot style, try to change your expectations, you will die. Alot. Sometimes you may go a whole game with getting a few kills and alot of deaths. Once you get over that, it becomes good fun and all about survival.While the sound does its job it could be improved, and im sure the team will be working on that. Another Issue is there is no real explination of the upgrade system, so keep aware that it is there and use it!One issue i must bring up is optimisation, it can be difficult to get running. Im not sure what else i can say to help it improving, just keep that in mind when you are consedering buying the game.All in all :Pros-Good Atmosphere-Solid Gameplay-Generally good sound design-Great CommunityCons-Optimisation-Lack of description on the upgrade system-Somewhat small communityI would advise this to WWI history buffs and people who want a more realistic shooter. I would also advise people who enjoy games like Red Orchestra 2 or Rising storm.Good Luck and see you on the front!"
,Recommended,242860,23590871,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,King Aria,"0/10 - No automatic weapons, airplanes, tanks, urban combat, paid unlocks and DLC packs.On a serious note, THIS is a World War 1 game done right. The devs pay attention to minute details that they know many people may not notice. You can tell they crafted it with love rather than greed for money. This may still be more fast-paced than actual trench combat but it's a lot better than the wanna-be contenders (*cough* BF1 *cough*).The combat plays alot like Mount and Blade's Napoleonic Wars Multiplayer. You aim, shoot and hope for the best. Sticking with your officer and squad mates benefits the team a lot more.You can squad up in-game just as you can in some multiplayer FPS's. What I like about this game is even the airplanes are true to life. In WW1, there were no mounted guns on planes so planes were solely used for recon. The devs paid attention to that detail. They didn't compromise in the name of fun but rather tried to give players an experience.The music is also era-accurate. You will hear many songs popular in the early 1900's.So for a WW1 game, this game gets a 10/10. It's probably the only WW1 multiplayer standalone shooter and it does so many things right despite some bugs. I truly hope future WW1 games will follow suit and give players an EXPERIENCE rather than compromise historical facts in the name of ""fun""."
,Recommended,242860,23610265,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,DoTheMath,One thing's for sure. You're gonna be wondering where you got shot from.
,Recommended,242860,23611973,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,rusty trombone,"Ready to attack, getting ready for the best attack of my life.Its timeGoes over the top to attackInstantly mowed down by a Hotchkiss10/10 historical accuracy"
76561198065519402,Recommended,242860,23806874,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Slowka,"Best world war 1 game out there, real fun and unique compared to other shooters."
,Recommended,242860,23814590,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Trashman,">Playing as sqaud's gunner>Taking cover in an old artillery crater>Squad NCO takes cover with me>NCO tells me to provide covering fire, as he charges closer to the enemy's trench>Tell NCO that I can provide said fire, and that I'll start setting up my MG>Sudden yelling from the area around me>Realizes that teammates are charging into the enemy's trench>Takes out sidearm, and charges out of the crater with NCO>Takes cover in an area right outside of the enemy's trench>NCO doesn't take cover, and keeps charging with other teamates>Gunshots and screams, meaning my entire team's been gunned down by the enemy team>I quickly try to sneak to the side of the trench, opposite of the side I'm at now>I look back to the other side, and see my team taking cover from fire coming from the enemy's trench>I ignore it, and continiue my trek to the other side of the trench>Hearing war cries from my team and the enemy, I look back one more time>I see that some of the team is following me the the other side, while most of it is still willfully charging the enemy through heavy fire>Now at the other side, I have about five teammates, including my squad with me>I tell our squad's grenadier, and any other teamates who have grenades to throw them into the trench>Tens of small explosions happen all at once, killing all of the enemies that were at our side of the trench>After all the grenades are done exploding, our little infiltration force charges the trench>Rifleman in our little force charge through the trench, while others take defensive positions at entrances the the enemy could utilize>Once the trench is cleared, our team then captures it, defends it, then having to complete the process again.9/10 Would infiltrate enemy trench again."
,Recommended,242860,23809718,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Admiral_Hipster,"I love this game absolutley adore it. I would however like to see the Austro Hungarians , Russian and the Italians put into the game."
76561198122674040,Recommended,242860,23815847,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RazedToThrill,"I haven't played much yet, but I know for a fact that Verdun is one of the best military war""simulators"" out there. It focuses heavily on trench combat from WWI and I absolutely am addicted to it. You will be in a squad that has 4 players and you must ""protect"" your commander or atleast keep advancing on the enemy.Stunning game, I love the variety of weapons and lore behind them.Truly, a marvelous game and hopefully a sequel or maybe even a new series like this one?"
76561198091374967,Recommended,242860,23812299,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Oakshade,it was hard and confusing at first but it's pretty good
76561198023097890,Recommended,242860,19987758,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kazu,Its the dogs ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008118637,Recommended,242860,15783949,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Locuck,"Great game. Fun especially if you like WW1 games. Does take some getting use to as it feels like you die constantly, But enjoyable none the less.  The trolling in the chat is the same as always with bad eggs every once in a while. And you will get killed plenty.One tip i have is you can unlock other weapons by going to Squad tab and clicking on one of the other types of the infantry you are playing and then click on the Lock, you gain unlocks as you play. I didnt realize this untill level 7 or so.But overall i would recommend this game to friend and foe alike."
76561198050595250,Recommended,242860,17375076,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Yankee Bugle Dandy,"Over all I have enjoyed this game. As far as I can tell it is very realistic in all aspects.As far as pros go:1. realistic,2. Enjoyable if you like playing with friends or can also be fun by yourself.3. For those of you who like team work this game is very squad based.4. Graphics are good.5. More updates are planned to add Americans and a German unit that has a flamethrower.6. If you like this era of music then you will also be in for a treat as while you are in the main menu music will be playing in the back.7. Overall I'd say that this game is a fun game to play if you like FPS or are into history as I am.NOTE YOU WILL DIE ALOT. I feel that this is intended as it shows the huge loss of life during the war.Cons.1. going from standing, crouch, and pron seems to have a delay which has caused me to die.2. can be frustrating as I tend to die alot even when it seems that I'm safe.3. While I'm not 100% sure how many people were killed by gas during the Great War I feel that the gas attacks in the game are not that deadly, execpt for maybe mustard gas. Otherwise the only way you can die is if you forget to put your mask on. Instead of killing you the gas acts as more of a smoke screen.Conclusion:Overall I'd say this game is great for people who like tactical, realistic, and historic fps games. I have really enjoyed playing the game with my friends. So if you like this type of game then grab 3 of your like minded friends and go have fun in the trenches. Happy Hunting!Overall I'd give this game a 9/10"
76561198082832991,Recommended,242860,19984197,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jimmy Lundun,Nice game
76561198058118558,Recommended,242860,19982387,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cobra Commander,"This game is absolutely fantastic! I don't think there's any game out there that captures trench warfare as well as Verdun. However there are 2 majors flaws with it. The first flaw is that there is no auto balance. Now this may seem like a good idea on paper, but it a pretty big issue when you are forced to fight 5 guys all by yourself. The other issue is recoil. Guns like the lewis gun and the mp 18 are rather OP because you hip fire them without having to worry about recoil messing up your aim. But don't let these flaws deter you, because Verdun is most certainly worth a buy!"
76561198090156116,Recommended,242860,20016016,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,oblisk,"This is a great game, if you are a war lover like me and you loved the world wars then you will like this game. It is pretty realistic, however it is the realism that can suck some times. I died over 20 times in one match just because someone would stand right in front of me or right be hind me and get in the way. you can't push them out of the way and you can't shoot through them therefore leading to many, many, many deaths. Other than that great game 8/10."
76561198064049272,Recommended,242860,20057096,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Skankyp0ops55,This game is WW1 done right!
76561198091652914,Recommended,242860,20057144,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FrostyAlpha,This is a very fun game and would recommend to anyone.
76561198117387245,Recommended,242860,20183399,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kravten,Possibly one of the most atmospheric multiplayer games out there
76561197981641746,Recommended,242860,13815787,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ra1d,Best game i've bought this year. And the only one.
76561198121798393,Recommended,242860,21223406,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ϟϟ D u c h y H e s s e ϟϟ,Great game. Gives you a perspective on what it was like in the trenches of world war 1.
76561198001081208,Recommended,242860,21217989,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Hallonsaft,"This quickly became one of my favourites when it comes to first-person-shooters, I like the pace, the trench warfare and the realistic weaponry and the general awesomeness of the Great War. Simply a clash of empires with a lot of neat features such mortars, gas, recon airplanes and soon to be added flamethrowers based on a squad oriented setting. Pretty much straight up my alley."
76561198277066327,Recommended,242860,20979190,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Queens Own,"this game is simply amazing, you know when COD used to be great, im talking cod 3 and 4, back when cod was actually fun, imagine those with amazing graphics, pretty much a world war 1 cod with an amazing ranking system, id reccomend buying it if you enjoyed the old CODs maybe its even better than those, just so fun"
,Recommended,242860,21026361,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sonofsono,"If you want to play good WW1 game then you have come to the right place.Game is still under development with Devs giving it good support. I have seen the progress from launch in steam and I mas say it has been going to good direction.Positive:- Atmosphere is amazing- variety- Devs respond and support game really well- Game has made huge progress since it's launch long time ago.Negative:- There ain't that many options since squads contain sergeant, rifleman, machin gunner, and assaulter- sometimes too many sniper or mg's on the battlefield- Doesn't bring out that 100 men runing trough no mans land feeling strategy games bring that out better"
,Recommended,242860,21031743,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Blenjamin,"I love the concept and it is executed perfectly, but runs horribly for me. If you can run the game, I definitley reccomend it."
,Recommended,242860,20960336,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Foxa,It's like World War I without anticheat.
,Recommended,242860,20963904,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,TSAR Nicolas The Second,Awesome game to play.For me the best WW1 game ever :)
,Recommended,242860,20949136,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Zoranny von Schmidt,Tough mudder with weapons. 9 out of 11
,Recommended,242860,20965837,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Noud,handguns ftw
,Recommended,242860,20974452,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SnowyPuzzle,This is a great game. It really immerses you into the early 20th century battle on the Western Front. 9/10.
,Recommended,242860,21018439,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,I eat white girl booty,"Great game, I've spent hours playing it. I understand that its still a work in progress, but the one objection that I do have are the graphics. Even though my system is mid high end, I can't run the game on more than medium settings without having horrible frame rate drops. Other than that, it's a great game. You'll die a lot in the beginning, and it's even harder to get a kill, but that's what makes it that much more special when you do finally get a kill. I really do hope that the devs include new maps maybe in the eastern front, or Galipolli. The melee combat system is way too simplified, and I hope there were options such as blocking and parrying. They could release them as a DLC or something. Over all, 8/10."
,Recommended,242860,21011443,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Blue Shed,I get killed twice for every one enemy I kill for King and Country in the name of attrition. 10/10
76561198071345105,Recommended,242860,30700442,Posted: 24 March,all,N I M B L E,>be me>first day in the war>whistle blows to rush the enemy>chlorine gas starts billowing out from all around>put on gas mask>rush forward into enemy trench>whatthehellamidoing.jpg>panic>accidentally whip out my trench shovel>beat a surprised frenchman to death>stand in triumph>mortar takes my legs off10/10 would do it again
,Recommended,242860,25284466,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,[LSB] bradley the JS Manager,"A great game, since there are lack of WW1 games... 10/10"
76561198033170225,Recommended,242860,25275852,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Chairman_Miao,Brilliant game! So much fun. Squad system needs tweaking so that those who play solo can get benefits of squad upgrades not just people who play with same people. (v small %)
76561198205669516,Recommended,242860,25275112,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,EyRuSia-skinhub.com,Super Jeu
,Recommended,242860,25275757,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Onyxtinct,"Very fun game. As long as you know how to stick to cover and be sneaky, you'll have a great time."
76561198229940472,Recommended,242860,25280594,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,StankGoblin,"i feel like making this review is pointless because there are so many other reviews reccomending this game, but i feel like making it so whatever.I have had this game for about 3 days now and i can confidently say that i would reccomned this to other people. The game is incredibly realistic with the graphics and on the historical side. The game is slow paced and it takes much more strategy than a normal fps. And so far i have not encountered any unbalanced games, all the maps are well built. I am very happy to say that i have bought this game, its unique, balanced, and good looking."
,Recommended,242860,25219351,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Comfycrab,I love you Verdun. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
76561198011303785,Recommended,242860,25218476,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kuga,"the game has come along way and is alot of fun , just needs more people now"
,Recommended,242860,25233509,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Midget GangBang,Its a pretty cool game if you are intrested in WW1. A really really cool menu and a nice realistic gameplay!
,Recommended,242860,25235670,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,QuadCoreIce,"Verdun, Possibly my favorite first person shooter all together. Though it is a WW1 GAME, the historical aspect if there and correct. The gun variety and class choices are seamless making the game feel very natural to anyone who has played on HardCore mode in any other fps. this game rewards skill and overall i would give it 98.7/100Pros: GUNS MAPS COMMUNITYhonestly, being ww1 i didnt know how well the gun setup would be, but verdun absolutely nailed it!the maps are all very replayable and likeable. Ive put in a few hundred hours and still am finding new parts on mapscommunity, for me this is a big thing, i have never been in a match where the people are outright mean, everyone just wants to play and have a good time!Graphics, the game has low to ultra, all of which are playable and wont put you at any advantage or disadvantage making it so people with any configuration pc can play it comfortably. The game also has customization gore, and hud options in-case you want to make it feel like a Sim.Cons: TEAMSthis is where the game looses a tally mark.mid game players are able to switch over to the other team no matter how much they are winning by, this results in a few traitors, switching when it gets rough, but also allows players to try and player balance the game. It can either be a pro or a con, but personally i do not like when other turn tail on their teams.overall i would suggest to anyone who is relatively interested in WW1 or enjoys fps games that require skill"
76561198038369176,Recommended,242860,25235866,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Tgro97,"Verdun, as a guy who loves history and gaming, I can say that this game is brutal and hard, as was the war that you get to play in. If you want to experience this in real life simply go into your back yard dig a hole and have your neighbors shoot at you. However the game it's self still needs tweaking. For example when your in game you get points for your squad which goes to your squad progression where you get bonuses for your squad, however when I play the game this rarely happens as many people leave the quead. I wish this to be a time thing through the battle but I can only give this as a sugestion, either way 8.5/10.Good luck Huzza"
76561198300329268,Recommended,242860,25236322,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Tacticalmemelord_Kilo3,Great game being a noob isnt fun but the game is fun
,Recommended,242860,25231104,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sven,Pistol firing lines and dropping on top of people with trench knives.
,Recommended,242860,17038820,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Bun,"It's a pretty rare thing to see a unique shooter out there, let alone one that actually has an active community, let alone one that's actually fun to play.Verdun's all three. One of the few success stories that came out of early access, Verdun is a squad-based, teamwork-loving FPS that takes you to a time not covered in most shooters because it's not very marketable. The game feels good, runs smoothly (your mileage may vary, don't run the game on a potato), and provides enough depth to get you hooked, but at its most basic a new player can get into the game if they stick with it long enough. It's my new addiction.Not going to go too in-depth about the nitty-gritty of the gameplay, but I'll just leave these pointers here.You Might Like it If:You like shooters with a degree of complexity and require teamworkYou hate microtransactions and want to earn your way to the top (Not grindy. I've logged in 28 hours at the time of this review and I've essentially got nearly everything).You like a unique, historical setting.You'll Hate It If:You rage-quit easy. This game doesn't have a learning curve, it has a learning cliff.You want to play run-and-gun in WW1. If you try that, you'll get sniped. Over. And over. And over.You suck at teamwork. You need to work with your team in order to survive, and by extension, win."
76561198022310959,Recommended,242860,17038881,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Cpt_Spaulding_,"This is a fantastic shooter in the tradition of Red Orchestra and Rising Storm. Hardcore tactical team based shooters like this are my favorite, but especially historic ones. There is something so satisfying about bringing down player after player with single well aimed shots from your bolt action rifle.The Verdun team have also found a way to differentiate this from its WWII counterpart by capturing the trench warfare aspect of WWI in their frontlines game mode. Its a creative and fresh take on trench warfare having you scrap from trench to trench in a push and pull for control over every few yards of the map. Clearing the trenches can be pretty exciting and intense. Especially when your squad has been wiped out and its just you inching around the corners with your bolt action rifle raised.Very fun. Highly reccommended. Especially for those fans of Rising storm and Red Orchestra."
76561198013117214,Recommended,242860,17070426,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,nicki_san,Great game if you have PC to play it. Best way to play is with friends however. Could use better support as well.
,Recommended,242860,25241154,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Gook Nukem,"A great realistic WWI game, it has improved vastly since release and will sure still be better than that other WWI game coming out soon."
,Recommended,242860,25241776,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lamar1226,i really didnt expect to like this game as much as i do but it sure is addicting. not as fast paced as cod and not as serious and grueling as arma but it hits a sweet spot in between. there are a lot of choices for style of play and weaponry that seem to keep everything decently balanced. the only complaint i have is that virtually no one uses their mics in game which is frustrating. great WWI game
76561198043383639,Recommended,242860,25240404,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Territorial Pissings,"Getting shot simulator 1914-1918, would get shot again 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,25240565,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Gavineo,I love being in a trench with friends and being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to look out of them.10/10 scariest game on steam.
,Recommended,242860,25279788,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ig,Intensity in ten cities. Tons of fun.
,Recommended,242860,25271045,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,kazanfirst5545,this game is like bf1 in early beta i love this game to bits but please but ultra settings in because my pc get about 500 FPS but i want it to look like bf1 when it's out P.S love this game
76561198053000924,Recommended,242860,25260636,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,LT Burnsie,"Never had this much fun with a multiplayer game, and ive only been playing for a few days."
76561198036688096,Recommended,242860,25274561,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,adulf hatler,Just buy this game now.
,Recommended,242860,15475873,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Call me Joca,This game is great for those who like old war games but all they can find are WWII.The fact that all most all weopons are bolt action and those that are not either take a long time to reload or have to be placed down to shoot makes the gameplay one of a kind and really fun
,Recommended,242860,25673356,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,The Senate,"Wish you could highly recommend.Verdun is a highly realistic WW1 game.... wherin you fight for the trenches. (There are other modes such as free for all but no one goes on them.) At first, I didn't realise the gore was turned off in the options, so when I turned it on I was shocked at how brutal the game had gotten. People cut up in barbed wire, screams and crying of the dying soldiers around you... hearing mortar fire never sounded so terrifying.For 27$ canadian. Verdun is a brilliant choice for anyone wanting a new FPS that doesn't cost a lot.Just know, however... when you first start. Turn off ""toggle aim."" And prepare to die... a lot. The game is difficult for the first little while."
76561198104559837,Recommended,242860,25765662,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,wyatt117,good game in general but the server browser needs improving a lot since there is only 1 multiply server going at a time
76561198115045294,Recommended,242860,17261354,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Trench Rorfare,"If you are reading this you're likely between the rich ages of 18 and 32, and have a mere 25 years before being nearly legally required to watch World War II documentaries on the History Channel every weekend, grunting at your friends and making increasingly ridiculous what-if scenarios involving George Patton, Anton Dostler, and the occult. So why play another game in the oversaturated WWII market? Or worse, a modern warfare game, probably involving Tom Clancy, the Jim Davis of war media.Instead, experience the most brutal war in history in hideous detail. Our greatest historians can barely parse how this crime against God happened, and Verdun delivers upon its promise to bring you into a tortured hell of screaming peasants. This game has it all: gas, mud, lonely and pointless death, shovels, biplanes, and more. And just when you thought you had it figured out, what seems to be an 8 foot tall German with eyes as black as coal leaps into a trench and impales a squadron of blase Frenchmen on his pickelhaub before killing himself with his own grenade. If you can't appreciate that, then I feel sorry for you.I honestly can't think of a work of art that better captures its subject matter than Verdun. You will die in a pit of metaphorical sorrow and literal feces many times. But likely you're picking up that this is not a game for the faint of heart. If you can keep your resolve it will all be worth it when you strike at the heart of the enemy and take from him (or her) the fetid hole of sweat and misery that they never really wanted in the first place. However, don't feel too good about yourself yet, because likely your pig-headed, Zapp Brannigan-esque squad captain will direct you into another suicide mission with all the tactical know-how of your average steer. Just like the real World War I!I haven't mentioned the graphics or sound or whatever because it doesn't matter. They're good, and irrelevant. The strength of the game though is in the artistry of embodying the war, and provides a rich, satisfying, emotional experience; not unlike a bottle of whisky, black coffee, or reading this review. If you're not convinced of the game's merits yet, there's nothing I can do to help you. Though come to think of it, if you are convinced, I can't help you either because I'm likely getting detached retinas from my position getting shelled for the eigth time this round. I just hope this League of Nations thing works out."
,Recommended,242860,10751115,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,HAVOC,10/10 Great game its set in ww1 whitch is a change from all of the ww2 games. in this one you need to really use trenchs and cover to move up to take objectives or defend them. well worth the money
,Recommended,242860,17267130,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,SirAwesome,"The Great War as Never Seen BeforeIf someone where to come up to you and say, ""Hey, do you know of any great WW1 first-person shooters?"", most people would draw a blank.I am happy to say that after playing this game I can give this question a fantastically honest answer, Verdun.Verdun is great, the gunplay is good, and the Frontlines mode is unique and challenging. I have heard some people try to compare the gunplay to Red Orchestra, but I feel that Verdun has its own unique gunplay. It isn't as slow and heavy feeling as the RO games, but it doesn't feel like you are playing laser-tag. It just feels right.I bought this game because I LOVE history, and a chance to fight in the trenches of the ""War to End All Wars"" was a opportunity that I could simply not pass up!Lets talk about squads! This game is very squad oriented, meaning that you gain experience and perks as a squad. It is easy to fulfill a role in this game. Being a squad leader is not difficult or requires hundreds of hours of experience like Project Reality might. You just need to know where to send you men with the least amount of casualties and the most amount of success.This is WW1 however, so most tactics have to do with either attacking or defending, creating a virtual tug-of-war.The maps are great and bleak, as expected, and the player count feels just right. If anything I would love for them to add more units and maps!Great game guys, don't pass it up!"
,Not Recommended,242860,16610891,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,UwU Triumphant,"I was expecting a nitty gritty simulation of trench warfare, something more along the lines of Red Orchestra, but I got a COD-anti-lite that was a considerable let down. I watched let's plays of it, and it looked like it would be fun with friends even tho it's not what I expected, but since my computer isnt of ""custom made uber-spec"" quality, I would only get 17 fps when playing with freinds with a skype call running, on low graphics quality (FPS's arnt fun with low fps). I would recommend if you are looking for a grand old LoLfest with friends, but you need any uber spec computer ( and from what ive heard, it doesnt even run that good then ), but as a good simulation for a Great war setting, it is not worth the money. Plus, the concept of a realistic WW1 shooter wouldnt be all that exiting unless implemented properly, which this game does not do, and even in an arcady atmosphere the greyness of trench warfare take saway from the experiance and you would need friends to keep from being bored in the mass suicide charge. Glad I bought it on sale and didnt pay full price."
76561198043737933,Recommended,242860,17270007,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,95thSharpe,"Verdun's battlefields are massive, the game has a slow pace, massive maps and really makes you think about how you're going to play."
76561198102939708,Recommended,242860,17272032,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,kennithdabear,I love dying :D
76561198032374537,Recommended,242860,17273681,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Spunkmeister,"Overall the concept of this game is great.  Authentic weapons, map, scenery, squad based play are top notch.  But it definitely needs some polishing.  My biggest gripe is the lag and choppy play.  If your ping rate is low I'm sure all the much better.  I hover around 100 for the most part.  There are times I know I get the drop on an enemy yet he manages to shoot me first.   This typically happens with enemy players whose ping rates are half of mine.  This gets quite frustrating after a while.  Also I experienced a weird anamoly where I start falling thru the ground and air continuously in certain sections of certain maps.  The only way to get out of it is to change characters in the squad menu and re-spawn.  The barb wire, although it is a nice authentic feature in the game, can also be a pain dealing with.  Yeah I understand it's something you get tangled up in but I should be able to back out of it the way I came in.  Instead I just end up bunny hopping around until I either succumb to it or the enemy shoots me.  Other than that this is a really good game.  I hope to continue playing but I would like to see some serious fixes to the game play to keep me interested in it over the long run.  Also, how about some mechanized attacks?  Tanks would be nice.  Perhaps a leading squad could earn one during game play as a bonus."
76561198088049345,Recommended,242860,17305492,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Canned Ham,Brilliant little game that focuses on both military and historical realism.
76561197967244643,Recommended,242860,17310118,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Blade879,"Rarley has a shooter actually raised anxiety or worry from the counter attack. The insane feeling of rushing across No man's land. Or the jumping out of my seat because the enemy just turned the corner while I was putting on my gas mask.So yeah, awesome♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Recommended,242860,17310322,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ITzYaBoyAidan,GREAT GAMEPLAY!
,Recommended,242860,17313461,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Blin,great
76561198104136540,Recommended,242860,17318884,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Guber147,"If you're looking for a unique, fast-paced, strategy based fps, Verdun is a must. It's a breath of fresh air in the gaming community, offering an experience unlike any other. Highly recommended."
76561198155518115,Recommended,242860,17344973,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,everybodylovesraiden,"Exactly the more methodical, realistic shooter I was looking for.  Good sense of scale and place, fun shooting and mechanics that reward teamwork and encourage awsome charges or tense moments of defense."
,Recommended,242860,17345381,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,PV1 Gibbs [16IR],"You're going to die, countless times. You're going to get frustrated more and more every single time...In the end, you're going to ask yourself... ""Why do I subject myself to this""And you're never really going to know why, but you know it's fun to keep dieing, and trying."
,Recommended,242860,17252802,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Easy777,this game gave me ptsd and I can't get enough! can't wait for the gore and US Marines/Flamethrower updates coming soon!9.5 dead COD players out of 10
76561198115228366,Recommended,242860,17259135,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,[GFL] The Unkindled One,"Verdun is one of those games that leave me wanting to come back for more abuse.WW1 was the conflict of ""let's see how many men we can throw at the enemy before they are dead"". And that is exactly was Verdun is. And that is why I like it so much, that feeling of ""gain an inch or lose a mile"" mentality.And sure, sometimes you just sit there, waiting as sweat rolls down your forehead for the attack order to come. Then, the whistle blows, and you charge with all the speed you can muster!And then a cheap freakin' mortar comes right on your head and you repeat.But that's the fun in it.10/10 would get blown to bits again"
76561198133852982,Recommended,242860,17276071,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Smash-Daddy,"As soon as its your turn to charge, you can step out of the trench and watch you and your comrads get slaughtered by hidden enemys.10/10 for Realism"
76561198101228936,Recommended,242860,17276308,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Litle Ferdinand,NICE GOIM
76561198049042996,Recommended,242860,17276701,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,andriuskel,Very fun game. Most fun i have had in an fps since the old battlefield games. Prepare to die a lot!
,Recommended,242860,17277310,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,GasMask,"+ Cross platform, adds to a relatively small list of decent Mac compatible FPS games on steam+ Original concept, hard to find a game that shifts pace as much as this one+ Forces teamwork in players to play different roles in public and competative matches alike+ Devs. keep things up to date and are working on new content+ Challenging. This isn't like other class based shooters it is difficult and rewarding to those who stick with it+ You can stab someone with a club (yes stab, not club, stab...dont ask me)+ Textures look great, voice acting is good, maps are immersive+ Sizable variety of weapons, all with quirks and counters, not to mention arty and gas+ has gasmasks 10/10 (cant see♥♥♥♥♥♥Review:This game's pace is deceiving, it goes from quiet, nail biting stalemates eyes peeled on a trench some odd hundred meters away, to charging into narrow confined trenches with a bolt action weapon. So be prepared for a change of pace from usual shooters. The one hit kill with the bolt action makes this game even more difficult, but makes the squad roles even more valuable as grenades, supressing MGs and artillery are invaluable for breaking a line of rifle men. It essentially forces a cohesion in pub and competative matches alike that is unseen in many other squad/role based FPS games. Heavily reminds me of red orchestra which is a great thing as far as im concerned. The crouching, and prone can feel ""clunky"" at times, and finding the right angle to perch an MG is always a pain, but overall the game is very playable in its beta state and the promise of new content keeps it interesting. Maps are immersive and hard to navigate, but once you get routes down they become less intimidating, The desertion mechanic keeps the battlefields in a consolidated enough condition to avoid players running around in a massive map unable to find foes *cough cough battlefield*, and it makes flanking hard....very hard. Which makes the positions that are flankable centers of close combat. This shifts the pace from intense close quarters brawling to long sniper-counter-sniper wars in no-mans land.Overall Verdun is an excellant game, the gameplay mechanics are simple yet effective to make a smooth FPS."
,Recommended,242860,17285703,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ADepressedSloth,this game is fun and has loads of awesome moments and although the community isnt the best (in the EU servers) the gameplay is amazing and ive never seen a game like it. it does have bugs but the game is still well worth it and has a very caring dev team who really think about the people playing the game and respond to a lot of feedback
76561198091242954,Recommended,242860,17288204,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Tango,Best fun I've had since bc2:veitnam!
12345678901248934,Recommended,242860,17288246,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,RJN3,great game and do miss every moment of your life being shot at and laying in bodies and getting trench foot or getting smutherd in mustard gas every minute then ur F****ed up because verdun is the game for you!!!
76561197985846945,Recommended,242860,17349895,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,REQUIEM,DEATH SIMULATOR 2015!!!WOULD PLAY AGAIN 10/10
76561197978813363,Recommended,242860,17350485,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mr. Lahey,"Verdun takes you to the battlefields of world war one, a period covered less intensely by contemporary video games then other more modern wars. You spawn into this new game without much in the way of information on game mechanics but you can dig up any info in the guides made available through the menus, this is less efficient then a tutorial but it still works. The options interface was just a little confusing to navigate at first for me at least but if you give it 5 minutes you will have it all figured out. The game works on a level system and in the beginning you are restricted in your load outs and weapons that are available, for instance if you play a machine gunner you will not have a machine gun available immediately. It takes awhile to level up and each class for each nation must be leveled individually.Game play is for the most part very good, the small magazine size and more often then not bolt action weapons lead to a different playing experience then say a game like Battlefield 4. By this I mean you will need to do a bit more aiming and making your shots count rather then spraying and praying, at least with most classes as there are some machine guns in the game. I think this is a good thing, something a bit different is never a bad thing and after going through a bit of a steep learning curve I found myself doing well and having a lot of fun. I recommend the grenadier class to those who are new as I found well placed grenades useful for easy kills in the trenches and they work about the same as grenades in any other game. I do have some lag issues though I cant say with certainly they are all the games fault, it can be a bit glitchy (however not terribly so) but the developers seem to be committed to continually improving the game according to the game news and that is the most important thing I suppose.Bottom line, I recommend this game to any fan of historical shooters (not so say its 100% historical, no game is but they make a good attempt at realism and immersion for a death match game) or shooters in general. I got this game on sale for 11.50 and it is worth more then that, full price at this time is only 22.99. I believe I will get more then my moneys worth out of the game and expect most people who buy and give the game a chance will as well."
76561198062566309,Recommended,242860,17325351,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,blå ost,"Very very realistic WW1 game. Hard to hit and kill enemies, though, but I won't complain about it. I recommend this game upto 110%. Buy it and you won't stop playing it."
,Recommended,242860,17328131,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,squid,"I hate this game. I can't see my enemy and I spend more time in respawn than killing.  If someone does kill me I assume they are hacking. Honestly, this isn't an fps, it's a stimulator to become angry.I like it because it's different and hard to play.(please make respawn times lower)"
,Recommended,242860,17329198,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Original Night Stalker,"Draw Simulator, other than that great game"
,Recommended,242860,17329477,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,JIHADI JOHN,The game where your team is crap and the opponents are gods
,Recommended,242860,17334283,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,xxfragalotxx,"Well done regarding historical background, weapons and uniforms. Unique, well thought out multiplayer system. Shifting front lines,  Quick loading game.But most important: Immersive game experience.... Trench warfare is a bloody business.Respect for this small team of independent game developers for this gigantic work done. Passion dripping from it."
76561198206426600,Recommended,242860,17220212,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jad Barake,its awesome baby yeahh
,Recommended,242860,17229211,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Legend Dairy,Spawned then died 11/10 Would die again
76561198069087536,Recommended,242860,17229008,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,JustStandStill_TV,Machinegun camping simulator 2015
,Recommended,242860,26889578,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tlapik123,Best WW1 game.++PROS+one shot one kill+AUTHENTIC+its FUN+best WW1 immersion+this game isn't Battlefield 1--CONS-cheaters-lack of playersProof that WW1 can be FUNAnd that you can shoot when you have a gas mask (that was put on that how it should....not like in B1)
,Recommended,242860,26903854,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Milk Man,Better than Battlefield 1.
76561198091640274,Recommended,242860,26898014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KilljoyRC,If you want what ww1 felt like this is it death and more death but i had the best time dying
76561198057075789,Recommended,242860,26912969,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-=OCG=-Blades {BSKL},This game represents trench based combat and how gritty WW1 was better than anything else right now.
76561198207770889,Recommended,242860,26740536,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,The White Tiger,Great game really makes you feel like you are in WW1
,Recommended,242860,26781525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hans Strudel,"10/10, would die to nonlethal barbed wire cuts again.But in all seriousness, this game is amazing. As I always say, Battlefield 1 is for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ real men play Verdun. This game is brutal and unforgiving, and the battles are only 16 on 16, but you never notice, since the action is so intense. In this, you have BOLT ACTION RIFLES, only one unit type, on one side, in one class of said unit can use an SMG. If you are a new player and are afraid of the absolutely brutal learning curve in this, don't be. The learning curve comes from a closed mind, just open your mind, and work with your NCO, hug him like a ♥♥♥♥ing koala. AND DO NOT TAKE NCO, LEAVE THAT FOR THE MORE VETERAN PLAYERS. Danke, and I hope to see you cowering in a crater somewhere in Ypres very soon. :D Happy hunting lads."
,Recommended,242860,26782023,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fullofsoup,A great game for people who want a somewhat aurhentic World-War 1 experience.
,Recommended,242860,26797493,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Morrison,Takım oyununa dayalı ve gerçekçi bir oyun.
,Recommended,242860,26859171,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KayZR,"This game totally blew my mind, great ralism, fun gameplay, great graphics :) too bad that there are not many people playing, and I have some problem with getting back to the main menu while loading but nothing that couldnt be handled. I recommend"
76561198103576402,Recommended,242860,26910839,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[REDi]1R SGT Neuxdabomb,"Great game, for the realism players and the diehard shooters. It is set in WW1 and delivers the feeling war had on soldiers well. This game believe it or not was made by 2 people yep that right, its darn good for 2 people.Note: If you do not like experiencing death from making mistakes this is not your game, Why did I say this? to save your wall and monitor.8.5/10 Could have mechanics like lifting your helmet over the trenches to distract an enemy sniper while you have cover fire."
76561198004854142,Recommended,242860,26928182,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ragoon,Some of the most fun I have ever had with a FPS
76561198046611019,Recommended,242860,27535939,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stealthgun,"The greatest thing about Verdun is that it is a very unique shooter. Not only is it the first game to portray The Grat War but it does so in a historically accurate fashion! If you are looking for a new shooter experience this is your game: Unique Gamemode, new old weapons like bolt action rifles and close quaters combat.In my oppinion this game does WW1 better than Battlefield 1, and it is constantly updated by the devellopers."
76561198055447066,Recommended,242860,27534739,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sefd,"Good game, but absolutely nobody plays it at all"
,Recommended,242860,27541541,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shahanshah,Such a wonderful game. Got it when it was still in beta and it has done nothing but get better since. So realistic and so fun. Minor issues with things like physics and particle effects. Support the developers so they can keep improving this great game!
76561198106457597,Recommended,242860,24363567,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,nicozobnin,great game.
,Recommended,242860,27898960,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Slothy :D cs.money  csgosum.com,Very realistic game a MUST BUY. I would recommend buying this when it is on sale. For about 70-40 percent off.
,Recommended,242860,28004061,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cpt Jom,90% more trench warfare and bolt action guns than Battlefield 1.
,Recommended,242860,28051598,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DaSaltyBush,i think this game need to win it realy cool and fun you need to play this game too
,Recommended,242860,28112143,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Solkov1-1,"I haven't played many other WW1 FPSs before so I might be a bit partial. The gunplay is good, the sound design is on point, and the overall attention to detail makes this game fun to play. The squad roles also promote cooperation in the wave-survival mode. In my personal opinion, the squad defense gameplay is superior to the standard multiplayer because the higher waves really capture the epic carnage of trench warfare. Unlike the regular multiplayer, you get a sense of awe after defeating potentially hundereds of enemies with your comrades. Though still fun, I haven't been in a standard game that made me feel like I was working to a particular objective. 8.5/10; would buy copies for my friends if they had PC's.... or existed."
76561198061062445,Recommended,242860,28105270,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,thehunteryeah,"Is this game good? = YesIs it worth a buy? = YesIs it historically biased = Strangely NoWhat's to Like = Cheap, good historical accuracy, fun, a good community, amazing youtube videos, awesome death animations, etc, etc.What's not to Like = The FrenchCommon Joke = My friends and I spent our holidays shatting brits in the faces on the trenches of Verdun amid a hail of lead bombing our positions and strange fart gases that try to choke you to death. So... what do you do on your weekend?Negatives = Not too widely played (only about 250-350 people on the european servers for me), and fps can be an issue on lower end devices (game is gorgeous - that is, when your not crawling through mud in no man's land and when you're not watching the death screen and face-palming because your sergent supreme is crying to death over his missing pinkie)What would make this Game Great (again) = Bots, Manual control of artillery, less emphasise on squads and Higher player count on one map (imagine 100 vs 100 battles... this game would sell like hot pies in front of starving Brits and like the Rhineland Re-arnament allowance waved in front of Adolph Hitler.Recommendation = Buy the game, and come over for some tea and biscuits while our machine gunners gun down those pesky Wilhelm's troops and their fruitless bayonet charges. When you can feast under the sounds of the Kaiser's troops screaming the synthony of 'Ahhh! It hurts! Ahhhh!', any game is worth it."
,Recommended,242860,17565957,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,private_ho,"Any fans of Red Orchestra or Insurgency, this game has a nice middle ground between the massive open battles of RO2 and the tense urban combat of Insurgency, while still focusing heavily on objectives. There's going to be even more content added in the coming months including the U.S. faction and flamethrowers so this game will only get better and better. The support for this game is amazing too, so many things have been fixed and lots of the bugs/quirks that were holding it back are no longer an issue. Props to the devs."
76561198068351613,Recommended,242860,17565959,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,GordonRamsaysGooch,Fantastic game. Be patient and stick it out dying all the time early on and you will be rewarded once you get a handle on how to play the game.
76561198108841736,Recommended,242860,17568573,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,adamwheats123,Best WW1 game I ever played
76561198133719304,Recommended,242860,17572550,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,lightray10,"This is a very interesting depiction of WWI, and is very well delivered. The gameplay makes for interesting battles and succedes in strengthening the WWI theme/feel. As you play, you find youself constantly being cut down by gunners or riflemen that are well entrenched, making you feel incredibly frail, as intended."
,Recommended,242860,17572830,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,"MY, NAME, IS, ISO!",Game of Thrones: 1914 Edition(Because it's f''king unforgiving ;_;)
,Recommended,242860,17573589,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SvenFu,"Really awesome multiplayer FPS. A bit rough around the edges, but the gameplay is solid and the maps brilliant. When one of your standard loadouts is a stick and 4 grenades, you know you're in for a different ride"
,Recommended,242860,17575483,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,KingofMachines,"I Highly recomend this game, one of the best (if not the best) WW1 shooter out there.PROS:No Team Killing, so no trollsRealistic Attacks, You have to charge across a large expanse of land to get to the other team's trench, then you have to get the rest of your team into the trench to take it (So there isn't any Rambos)One Shot Kills, a majority of the time, when you're charging across the Field, you'll get hit by a bullet and be killed instantly (Sometimes you can see the bullet coming at you), some people may not like this, but i think it adds to the realism.Gas is very well implemented, the NCO of the squad is the only one who can use gas, and they can only use it so often, and the Gas masks are exactly what they are, bulky and completely destroy your ability to fight.CONS:Unless you right a Review, the games's going to ask you to every time you exit the game.Little things that happen here and again, the occational bug or twoOver All, a very nice game that strives for realism. Again, I highly recommend"
76561198049902667,Recommended,242860,24559643,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,The_Gobul,Love the smell of Phosphene Gas in the morning as I defend the trenches with a shovel in hand with my awesome mustache.
76561198121301067,Recommended,242860,24431234,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,C-Danger,"Love Verdun. Its Fun, Challenging, and a little frustrating at times. Definitely a new favourite"
76561198118244787,Recommended,242860,24033995,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DaBlightcaller,"When I left this game (before the Horrors of War update) I thought this game was garbage, it had some good things, but I just felt there wasn't enough variety in maps or gamemodes. I was bored and tired of it, so I left. But now... it's amazing. The Horrors of War update really turned this game around, I find this game is much more fun to play (other than getting stomped on by amazing players, but that isnt really a game issue), and just gives a better experiance than before (Thats because I absolutely adore Attrition). In conclusion, I would recommned it. My final rating: 7/10Things I find annoying-ChampagnePlease... for the love of god... make the Champagne maps for Rifle Deathmatch and Attrition smaller, there are just so many twists and turns that it takes decades (over-exaggeration) to find enemies, and there is just a lot of dead space that nobody uses. The problem with Champagne for Attrition and Rifle Deathmatch, is that while the actual maps may be no bigger or maybe smaller than other maps, there is way too much cover and and too many trenches for people to hide in. So to fix this, the player count on the Champagne maps(or maybe even Attrition and Rifle Deathmatch in general) needs to be bigger, or the Champagne maps need to be shrunken further.-Somewhat Unfair Map Designs for AttritionThe way the maps work for Attrition and Rifle Deathmatch is quite simple, the vast maps made for frontline matches are cut down into smaller sectors, and made into new, smaller maps for a smaller playerbase. However, I don't think they are cut down right.  For a map to be fully balanced for everyone, each team needs their own actual Trenchline. Certain maps don't have this, where one team spawns in a trench and the other spawns in no man's land. Basically whoever controls the trench will be the victor, and sometimes it can be a bit one sided. So I feel the maps for Attrition should include a trenchline on each side of the map for each team, simply to make matches a little less one-sided. (I do however see how matches can be fun fighting over one trech, and I have a blast out of it too, but sometimes I feel extremely frustrated when I'm playing on a map that has tons of open space and the only good cover is the singular trenchline.)-ScopesWell, only two of them really. The British Aldis 1916 Scope, has two problems. 1: It's a bit too small. 2: The crosshair glitches A LOT, you can sometimes barely aim with it. I would love it if they fixed it so it doesn't constantly jitter and dissappear whenever you aim.The next scope is the one that infuriates me the most. It's the U.S Musket Sight M1913. Two problems. 1: The lense is too small, and the eye piece is WAY too big. 2: The crosshair has the same issue as the Aldis 1916. It frequently jitters and disappears, and it's so thin and small I can't even use it.Now, I understand the first issue I pointed out for each scope, from an immersive standpoint, the realism is important to maintain immersion. However, from a gameplay standpoint, it makes using these scopes so frustrating to use, and sniping should be anything but frustrating in a video game. How to fix the gameplay issue with these scopes while staying true to the realism is beyond me. Perhaps for the Aldis 1916, just zoom the player's view in more. Maybe do the same with the Musket Sight too, but maybe make it so the Lens takes a majority of the screen and the eye-piece blocks off peripheral vision. That would be awkward to use, but not as frustrating as it is now.-Options (That should be included)Disable Foliage. Need it. Now.Foliage completely ruins the flow of gameplay on some maps, because, when you're firing at someone a good distiance away, you cant see because foliage is in your way. But he can see you, which if we are going for realism here, is completely backwards. On his screen however, the foliage doesn't render. That is COMPLETELY unfair. So there should either be a disable foliage option, or just remove foliage altogether. Because, let's be honest, if you make it so foliage renders in at any range... that's gonna destroy any Potato PC, and they've got it hard enough already.Music. Please devs, fix it. The main menu music is the only music effected by the music volume  option. The in-game squad anthems, and end game music is not. Why? This makes no sense, and when I feel like playing my own music, it completely ruins it for me.Those are just some things I feel that need fixing before this game could be considered nearly perfect. Some people may want new weapon firing and reloading sounds for each gun, but I understand there aren't very many people working on this game, so if they ever decide to update the game's sounds, they can take their time, but these are the things I feel need immediate adressing."
76561198216167104,Recommended,242860,24563038,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ργη|mcduikerman99,"It's fun! No real bugs or glitches i have found. but if someone dies, they are spazzing like crazy for a moment, then it stops."
,Recommended,242860,24607066,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,DICE Bongos,"Great game, WW1 was handeled very well. Weapons feel like they should... Except for the ""Wex"" flammenwefer. It was one of the most anticipated additions to the game... and it feels, in the nicest terms, underpowered. It takes (what feels like) a full minute to kill someone with it. This could be fixed by making it kill in the time it takes someone to shoot and♥♥♥♥♥♥their bolt. Another issue is the matchmaking. Often when trying to get in squad defense servers, it throws me and my friends (in a squad) into a frontlines match. This can be slightly annoying. But dont take this review the wrong way. Those are really the only issues with the game. I love it and plan to spend (much) more time playing it. 4.5/5(fix the issues (at least the flammenwerfer) and you get a 5/5)."
,Recommended,242860,24623313,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,gucciguillotine,great game
,Recommended,242860,24676620,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TitanofOblivon,"It is a really good game,I liked how they added  the Flamewerfer"
76561198056318210,Recommended,242860,23923632,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Generalfeldmarschall Tobias,Eins der besten Weltkriegs-Spiele die ich bis hier hin gesehen habe.
76561198055586709,Recommended,242860,24549553,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,kingeddie98,"Great historically accurate game. Gameplay is good, but there are still that are being ironed out. For an early release around a war less often talked about, Verdun is a great game with a lot of potential."
,Recommended,242860,24549745,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Scorpio,"A well made, historically accurate epic simulation of WW1."
76561198072333416,Recommended,242860,24507768,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,The Man With No Name,"A few things to take into consideration. You will die VERY easily in this game. There is no way to tell where you are taking fire from and therefore you must use the terrain and trenches to your advantage.It's also a slower paced game than many first person shooters, so it also requires a lot of patience.Having said that, this is a game worth playing. It's very tense and the weapons feel immersive. If you're looking for a game to fill the gap between now and Battlefield 1, this will work a charm. Again, be patient and VERY careful when in a battle in this game."
,Recommended,242860,24508497,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Commander Oblivious,"This game is fantastic! I love the World War 1 trench warfare setting. I love the squad based gameplay, and that everyone has a specific role. I'm not very good at explaining these kind of things but I highly suggest this to anyone who like realistic historical FPS's like Red Orchestra 2."
76561198043673856,Recommended,242860,24521469,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,jdezzie,10/10 whould use op weapons again
76561198117838061,Recommended,242860,24534938,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,LeDoctour,"I really like this game. This game brings out some of the harsh truth about war especially WWI which occurs more than 100 years ago. It is an age where you do not have robots to help you find the enemy nor fully automatic weapons that can empty a 30 round magazine in 4 seconds. This is an age where melee weapons such as bayonet, clubs, and knives had a major role. In most FPS games that came out lately, this game stands out for choosing this age whereas the other choose the futuristic era like Call of Duty: Modern Warfare for example. Another thing that stands out from this game is it's very realistic features (except for the desertion system that is quite unrealistic and the ballistics that is not as good as the one in Sniper Elite) like the iron sight and scoped sight that wobbles after running around and it doesn't always score you a hit. Overall this game highlighted an era that is not very popular among game developers and the weapons are old (like VERY old) but it is very realistic which other games lack. It is the first WWI game that I found and personally speaking I like to read about WWI a lot and this game gave me a chance to experience a glimpse of the Great War. The map are sometimes quite small in width but not in length. Some factions which is still missing are the Austrians, Turkish, ANZAC, Russians, Japanese, and Bulgarian. The game seems to focus on the Western Front and still missing the Eastern Front, the African Front, the Arab Front, and the Far East front which is fine if the developers only wants to highlight the Western Front but I'd love to see some of these fronts that I mention.It is a good game and anyone who hasn't played this game yet, you should try it."
76561198308144246,Recommended,242860,24537218,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Windows 5,"Join Picardy Sector, camping in a trench, see no out there, got shot by sniper............repeat.10/10 Best finding simulator"
76561198087871714,Recommended,242860,23953058,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BeCarefulWhatYouWishFor,"This game got unique atmosphere, and should be expanded to at least 32v32 for more realism and stronger ""hell of a war"" hardcore feel.Totally awesome. Walking simulator on fields full of enemy gentlemans."
,Recommended,242860,11481869,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Big Rat (Makes the Rules),+Historically accurate in most aspects+Good community+Unique trench warfare game mode+Responsive and active developers+Extremely immersive-A few minor bugs with some game ending crashes (apparentley top priority updates)-A tad lacking in content which im sure will be added as the game is developed
76561198009132637,Recommended,242860,15694632,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Nexushound,"Verdun is a well balanced, fast paced, action packed FPS. Whether your an advanced gamer or just starting out give this game a shot. Be prepared though. Just like in the ""Great War"" the casualty rates are obscene. You will die....a lot. But when you take a bullet it means your squad mate didn't.  ""Over the Top Boys!"""
,Recommended,242860,15694675,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Fletcho1,This game Is one of the best WW1 games I have ever playedPro'sVery accurate firearmsGasmaskAccurate uniformsVery hardcore gun mechanicsCon'sNo US servers only euNo bullet dropSome broken MG mechanicsIn all I Really enjoy my time with Verdun
76561197996310923,Recommended,242860,15694684,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,M.A.Hawash,A welcome change from the usual FPS morass.
76561198130635416,Recommended,242860,15694857,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,NippelTwonker,One of the best multiplayer FPS out there.
,Recommended,242860,15731678,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,{4US} LoTuS,"Rather fun gameplay been playing on and off since the game was in prealpha, even though its 32 player cap the battles have a larger feel due to spawning and map sizes. Some bugs but its to be expected. Can't wait for the next content. Wish they hadn't ""released"" it as IMO its still in a beta feel."
76561198069066071,Recommended,242860,15732612,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Chimbley,"Great gameplay, frustrating and satisfying, need controller compatibility"
76561198013832922,Recommended,242860,15732743,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Stiffoune[UK],"Excellent Game.Be prepared to die a lot, strain your eyes trying to distinguish whether what you're shooting is a crawling German/French or just a bush moving with the wind.Red Orchestra in WW1 era."
76561198167680011,Recommended,242860,15734107,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Storng Neoug,very nice game I cant wait to see it as it progresses in the future
,Recommended,242860,15837627,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Donavan,this is the best WWI game i ever played in my life (which there is only one out there)
76561198162418596,Recommended,242860,15840029,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Justgaming_nl,threw a grenade got headshotted then the guy that killed my blew up10/10
,Recommended,242860,15831083,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Big Lez,"I love the game but half the time i cant play,i dont know if its bugs or whatever. but when i want to play sometimes it wont let me. my firewall isnt blocking it and my wifi isnt that bad (usually under 100 ping) big problem"
76561198109777071,Recommended,242860,15831459,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Usidore the Lighter Blue,I like it very much. It is the only ww1 game on the market and trench warfare is awesome
76561198123634557,Not Recommended,242860,15831626,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Miixa,"Sure this is the game no-one has done before, literally fun and games in a new way! The maps are beautiful, guns are beautiful, the shot you take 500m away with iron sights and it hits despite the wind and crudeness of your gun...just the best.Then after 20 hours it hits you, game filled with bugs, lags, cheaters and guys who have played their way in to infinite levels despite the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ness of the early access and then again players who think this is COD and they just ruin it for everyone...Well players you can't really blame or fix, since they are what they are. BUT the playability of the game? I mean seriously, I'll quote my favorite celeb here: ""HOW HARD COULD IT BE"" to freaking fix those immortal player, bullets trough terrain and PLAYERS under the terrain still shooting everyone? Oh and if you enjoy getting yourself blown to pieces THE SECOND you spawn, then this truly is the game for you. Devs have in their infinite wisdom to put two spawn points on the lines, which just are there no matter what. Enemy is firing repeated mortar shots at that point means, you just die, die and die...and die and they win :)Apparently everything related to anti-cheat is a total news to these devs, this game really has every form of cheaters there is. You name it, Verdun has it!Then there's the fact that servers have NO ping limits. Seriously?Yeah, good luck shooting that guy who warps around the map 50m at once...""THERE HE IS!"" Nope he's already behind you stabbin you in the back with his bayonet..."
76561198124329104,Recommended,242860,15831915,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,bernteas,"This amazing game is very fun, yet time consuming to get used to... The minute you are out of your trenches and in No Mans Land you will start getting hit with machine gun fire and snipers, as well as the average lucky shot by a man with a bolt action without sights. The money you pay is definitely worth it, it gives you the feel of what it was like in the trenches, no, what is was like in hell."
,Recommended,242860,15833960,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Comander Mach,Very good game if you like old war stuff you much but and if you like good of fashion trench warfare
76561198138962303,Recommended,242860,22223976,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,anvyngatorul,Verdun !! The Best WW1 tactical shooter in the WORLD! RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!
76561198050415999,Recommended,242860,22224897,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zorro,"""Over the top lads, attack!""10/10 would charge to my death again."
,Recommended,242860,22227867,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Blanddis|Hellcase.com,You move anywhere you are dead...also it is really fun 1/1
76561198078986724,Recommended,242860,22227993,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Fookin Laser Soight,Best WW1 made and best part is you can't get trench foot.10/10 would wear rubber boots and step in mud for months.
76561198043427069,Recommended,242860,22203621,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ttpa,Verdun is awesome!!!! but it would be pretty cool if it a campaign:)
76561198123980836,Recommended,242860,22242138,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,allenmelick,"Being one of the only World War I FPS out on the market right now, it's pretty good. There are tons of factions to play as and many weapons to use. I would suggest picking this game up."
,Recommended,242860,22242677,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Snow,"I have played Verdun for around 20 hours now. It is a very fun game for people with patience and non-COD players. Run and gun is definitely not the way to play this game. However, depending on where you live you might have difficulties with servers actually having a significant amount of people that play. For Europe, it has around 400 players at all times allowing for fun games that are mostly filled. However, when playing in Asia I had trubble even finding one game that was playable as there was barely any people online at times. When people are online it might fill one game but no more."
76561198030126441,Recommended,242860,22244661,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,bejammin2000,"My Dearest Mary,We are in the Army now, and on the frontlines of this most terrible war, which has been something else, I've heard the screams of men... I have seen terrible things, as my friend John who I enlisted with... I saw his face blown apart by a German sharpshooter Truly, this has been a most terrible war, in which no one gains anything. But truly, truly, truly the worst part of this war, the one that leaves me chilled in my sleep and keeps me awake after we repelled the huns for the last time... is the son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ that keeps camping our respawn point with his MG.All the best, my love..."
76561198177297242,Recommended,242860,22453574,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,THOT RANGER  Texas red,this is a really amazing game. truly a god like view of how the war was fought.
76561198127480072,Recommended,242860,22436768,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Poolz_Closed,One of the best games 10/10
76561198013021449,Recommended,242860,22429955,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Bullet-Magnet,"What can I say? One of a kind !If you've been longing for a good WW1 shooter. Or If you just like shooters, this game will get you hooked.You will need patience and practise though because this game is hard. It's brutal reality; one shot will kill you.And you will die ALOT !But it captures the fighting in the trenches like no other game ever has.Storm the enemy trench across No-man's land with your buddies and see them wiped out by machine gun fire.Crawl out off the crater you've been cowering in and get your head blown off by a sharpshooter.Even staying in the trench isn't safe as artillery fire and poison gas will force you out of hiding.But the feeling you get the first time you strike down an unsuspecting foe with a high powered bolt-action rifle makes all the hardships worthwhile.Further adding to the authenticity you will find that each of the authentic weapons, apart from being beautifuly modelled and textured has a unique feel to it and you will quickly develop preferencesBTW: This already great game just recently got updated with a ton of new features, uniforms, factions and weaponry.My conclusion: The price is right, Buy it !"
,Recommended,242860,17730628,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"UPDATE 2: For some reason, it recently started working. Cool game, but unsure still why it or I had issues, after not trying for months suddenly it started working. Wish it had gamepad support though. Great atmosphere.UPDATE: The game finally works for some strange reason it wouldn't even let me play despite trying for hours. Now no gamepad support despite what it claims and I tried xbox and logitech gamepads. Other than these issues its a good and unique game and have found games and matches quick.Can't even play the game (haven't played it for 1 second despite 3 hrs total on the start up screen) and a few more hours reading about potential issues and checking my settings!I meet or exceed all the requirements, have followed all the settings, suggestions and such. I did lots of research to find I am certainly not alone as many have issues - esp those with intel drivers. Then it says anti-virus and firewall blocks, which I had addressed with AVG software, disabled for all steam games and did for Verdun. Also says video chip vs card used and followed all the instructions to fix it many times.Its not worth the time anymore, wasted well over 3 hours trying to get it to work. Not very user friendly. I have played some other Multiplayer games without such issues.Any suggestions?Can't refund it, had it for awhile.It looks like a good game otherwise.  I read some mentioning server-connection issues, is that true?"
76561198222952320,Recommended,242860,22423157,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,DukeOfDiabetus,"Played a bit of this game, its really fun and enjoyable. Its good to have found a game that takes place in WW1 that has been done so well. Its like a Red Orchestra set in the trenches of the first world war. Can't see nothing in gas and my fps plummets all the goddamn time but if I had good pc I would play this game a hell of a lot more. Looking forward to all the new things the developers add."
76561198013973689,Recommended,242860,22435312,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,=7Cav=SGT.Moen.B,"A great game if you're fascinated with WW1 and/or bolt action rifles. Game runs relatively smoothly, although some levels might take a heavier toll on your PC than others. If you like RO2, you'll love this one. That being said, it is not a game for everyone."
76561197990904452,Recommended,242860,22468470,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,|TaC| Kirche Des Todes,"This is a fun game. Can be a bit frustrating if you're not a really good FPS player, and when hackers get in the game it's down right infuriating, but for the most part, it's a REALLY fun game."
,Recommended,242860,22465518,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Drix,"Verdun is fantastic. It's also the only game in its category.The attack then defend gameplay style is unique enough to be interesting, but still fairly standard.Weapon variety is both amazing and lackluster. The weapons that are different are really different, the rifles are all fairly similar though. Map variety is good, map balance is a little less good, but still not bad.The game is less elitest than some things might lead you to believe."
76561198006570948,Not Recommended,242860,22466193,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,PEPPA,WOULDNT WORK :(
76561198091648196,Recommended,242860,22095375,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,"Email ""Special"" ist",It's Great!!!!!
,Recommended,242860,22095803,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SprintWireless,Very Nice 100/10
,Recommended,242860,22137718,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Snebbik,"Do you like older style weaponry before it was all assault rifles and SMGs everywhere?  Do you like Trenches? Do you like dying?  Do you really like trenches?  Then this is the game for you!I bought this game on a whim for $25 after the horrors and gore update. I have to say I enjoy this game to a very high degree.  I've been needing a good shooter for my pc for awhile and this has fit the bill perfectly.  There are some graphical glitches right now, and a few bugs(games not ending for an hour+, grenade throw is off and wonky sometimes, cant spawn in to match), but I'm told by the community that most of these were introduced in the new update, so hopefully they get patched out soon, but when this game works, it is a blast!"
,Recommended,242860,22133474,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,GalaxyCannon (Thomas),oui oui marie
76561198178768998,Recommended,242860,22256189,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,bobslob4,IT IS AWSOWME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198284902940,Not Recommended,242860,22285476,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,kikara_v,"Bought the full content pack at the cost of a special edition full retail game. Never recieved this content after two weeks. Game constantly crashes midgame and has actually managed to blue screen my $1500 ASUS laptop built for gaming. Game also manages to let you join a game, but every 1 in five games it will refuse to let you spawn in and you just have to quit the game.Gameplay wise, it's quit fine. Have not came across any hackers, community seems okay for what I played, the guns feel and act well, but I just could not get over the constant crashes and bugs and very obvious lack of additional content I paid alot for. Put in for a refund, here's hoping."
,Recommended,242860,22250662,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Xaessar,"Great game, but be cautious, pretty much all weapons are 1 shots"
,Recommended,242860,22247366,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,PMBrenner91,"Pretty awesome. Also pretty broken.Definitely a game that needs some improvement. I might be a little biased, but I'm willing to put up with that just so I can play an FPS WWI game."
,Recommended,242860,22245605,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,scrambles,"i like it, thats all you need to know. goodbye."
76561197995186732,Recommended,242860,22243559,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,BitingWit,10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,242860,22243974,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,EasyCheese,"Got caught in barbed wire in a smoke of gas and died of a mortar explosion, 12/10 would die of barbed wire again."
,Recommended,242860,22355848,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Mystamous,The game where everyone should use a mic but nobody does.But the game coordinates mos tmajor attacks for you so thats cool for scroobs.
,Not Recommended,242860,16865047,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mr.Rizal,"THE BIGGEST THING THIS GAME NEEDS IS LESS LAG.IT HAS BOTH LOW FPS AND ONLINE LAG.The gun mechanics feel very sluggish and slow almost as if there is a huge input delay, I don't know what it is,though it could Possibly be low fps see below in my case.There is some really nice animations though.The graphics are NO WHERE near nice enough to justify the low preformance.This is my biggest qualm with the game...To preface i am running a R9 290, my problem might be my old cpu AMD Phenom 2 x4 965It needs something other than frontlines game mode, tdm and the other game modes aren't really populated or as funAlso something needs to be done about the fact that after most matches everyone disconnects upon loading the next round, and there being very low populated games, with one team being half empty quite often....Unfortunately these issues are too big for me to recommend it now.I hope the devloper addresses these problems in the future.Otherwise,I very much like this gameIts authenticity is a real treatIts bolt action gunplay is funFairly balanced IMOThe new m1911 is awesome and fun to use"
,Recommended,242860,22333656,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,VibroKnife,Game is very biased against mexicans. I give this game 10 out of hitler.
76561198075318885,Recommended,242860,19043306,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Magna_Draco,"blows whistle, makes a madd charge only to get shot in the nadds.....very fun game"
76561197962903074,Recommended,242860,22349845,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Perforated,Needs work. But still fun.
76561198020918998,Recommended,242860,28006773,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ethelward,"Nice tactical FPS, enjoyable weapons, harsh terrains."
,Recommended,242860,27909971,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KOi,"World War 1 has never been more accurately portayed in a game apart from this.The dev's know their history and apply it (regularly) to this game while maintaining a fun play style,the back and forward trench warfare of this game leaves me hooked."
76561198159507902,Recommended,242860,27533742,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spooderman,Good game takes skill to master but is fun.
76561197960436158,Recommended,242860,27511459,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zamback,Good!
,Recommended,242860,27568703,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Commisar Eagle,"Log book of Lt. Arthur WillisDay 5.The Central forces continues their Chlorine bombardment of our trenches, claiming far to many of our proud men. But it isn't the Gas that scares me or my squad. It's the fact that over half of every dead soldier within our trench has cuts inflicted by what can only be a shovel.In the thickest of smoke shrouds, we can hear the short breathing from a distant masked german, before he is interupted by the screams of our soldiers.TL:DRRunning around in trenches with the FIELDSPADEN is quite fun when the enemy can't see you running up at them."
,Recommended,242860,27575318,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nforce,Verdun is a realistic WW1 game and it is by far the best one out there.I would easily recommend this game to anyone looking for just casual fun or an immersive multiplayer experience.
,Recommended,242860,27565082,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gomless,"For those who cant afford Battlefield 1, this is a good game to make up for that."
76561198065589295,Recommended,242860,27303774,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tman0617,"Greatest game ever made. Stunning visuals, endless fun gameplay, incredible realism and immersion, and more historically accurate than anything I've played. Been playing this since it was in Alpha, and haven't started loving it less since"
76561198099393863,Recommended,242860,27294451,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,radoye,If you can overlook a glitch or two this game can be very enjoyable! Bit tough though...
,Recommended,242860,27317640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SludgeDredd,Awesome game. A bit too expensive though
,Recommended,242860,27572555,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Legoswmonkey,"Shoot, miss, die.Shoot, almost hit, sniped.Shoot, hit, reload, shoot, die.Spawn with your NCO, die.Only play if negative numbers don't scare you."
76561198116133365,Recommended,242860,27590918,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Punk Buster,"IntroductionVerdun is a fps game set in an authentic world war 1 environment. The maps and weapons are recreated very well and the gameplay holds a very different experience for the user than the typical first person game.First ThoughtsI decided to purchase this game on the basis of how ww1 has always been an interest of mine. I admire antique guns, equipmen, and weapons and this game focuses on quite a few of these. The first gamemode that I tried out was the rifle deathmatch gamemode. It completely caught me off guard. Since I am used to modern warfare in which fully automatic rifles are the standard, being limited to a bolt action rifle was a true challenge. I had to rethink the way I played and focus more on using the iron sights and cover.List of featuresRealistic and unique ww1 trench warefareDecent graphicsGameplay is fun and challenging, but not for everyoneEncourages teamwork through game mechanicsConclusionHonestly one of the funnest first person shooter games that I have ever had the privilege to play. I realize that this sort of game is not for everyone. It rarely come off as slow paced or boring. It is very intense and heart-throbbing. These effects are just created in a different way. Furthermore, this game boasts one of the few realistic ww1 experiences avaliable today and, I feel, does a very impressive job of doing it. The game is historically accurate and still a blast to play. I hope this review helped you in any way."
76561198261499209,Recommended,242860,30952193,Posted: 4 April,all,Scrub hunter the 2nd,"Hello devs, I played the game before the update that added the US (not sure when that was) but I can say that the game has gotten better since then. Areas I find lacking are the quality of the weapon sounds and explosion sounds as well. Also, adding a few new game modes will draw players who havent played in a long while back. So just keep your game updated if you want the support you need to improve the game."
76561198014350248,Recommended,242860,30952367,Posted: 4 April,all,Sweeterman,Great game. Would recomend to anybody. It's fun to play but without mic support you can't make any solid plans or tactical decisions. Desperately needs mic support.
,Recommended,242860,22491145,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,the peepee man,"The game is great, but it has its problems for sureProsPretty historicaly accurateGood selection of weaponsThe game is pretty affordableConstantly updating and fixing the gameConsBuggyConstantly get frame dropsBad hit mapsPoorly optimizedNot a lot of people play it, so during some parts of the day you won't be able to find a game for some modes"
76561198175709855,Recommended,242860,22482186,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Pvt. Steinkamp [42ndPA],best ww1 game ever
,Recommended,242860,22481092,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Its kav dude,This game is my one the best in my library.Some people who don´t like hard games you might not enjoy this but when you have got some experience it is a lot more fun.But you still will die a lot but WW1 soldiers did. I like the way it dose´t glorify war. i would have never guessed it was a 4 man team from the quality of the game.
,Recommended,242860,22306386,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Shoble,two letters GG
,Recommended,242860,22261027,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Doktober,"This game will make you rage but it will be worth it, don't worry"
76561198147343873,Recommended,242860,21772749,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TripleCola,"This is one of my favorite games on steam, due to the amazing graphics and cunning game play. I am always on the edge of my seat when I am playing Verdun."
,Recommended,242860,28769270,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DudeBelowMeSucks,"The game is quite fun. The maps are horribly flat and that forces you to move wisely and slowly. But for me that results in a greater satisfaction when having a succesful match. You sometimes really have to work your butt off to win. I like the deathmatch as well as the push/defend game mode so far. Also the community seems to be mostly cool. The weapon handling is challenging and unforgiving. If your first shot misses in close quarters...you're probably gonna lose that fight. It's a little cruel, but I love the gore and death animations. They give the game a atmosphere, which makes you play carefully, hoping you're not going to end screaming in a trench like that mate you can hear from a few meters further.Old review:I have to admit: I would love to recommend this game. But I get crashes all the time. The game just freezes and then has to be closed via the windows ""xyz has stopped working..."" message. Therefore I personally cant recommend this game. (Specs: up to date Win 10 x64 - AMD 6700M (driver v15.2) - i7 2,4GHz - 16GB RAM - Samsung and Crucial SSDs - Bootcamp MacbookPro 15, late 2011 - Not exactly a gaming rig but it does the job). I searched the interweb for this problem and someone else has the exact same symptoms with the same GPU. So maybe it's this GPU. Without the frequent crashes, I'd love this game!Update: I scrapped myself another computer to play on and the game now doesnt crash anymore (FX6100 3,7GHz; RX470 4GB; 8GB RAM)"
76561198111302405,Recommended,242860,15496049,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Gilad Pellaeon,"the open beta Verdun is a good first person ww1 game which takes place in 1916. My reason for liking this game is because it is not like call of duty or battlefield with crappy small uncreative maps. this game is trench based where you have to capture and defend trenches. there is a free for all mode you mostly kill everyone. The game doesnt have any overpowered weapons just like call of duty. The game still has some problems like lag and sometimes unfair team balancing where the other team has more player than yours. I recommend this game to people who really want to play a ww1 game who had enough of ww2 or modern war games.full release of game. the game is one of the best ww1 fps game out there on steam. the game has very  a good atmosphere when it comes to trench warfare like bombarded fields where you have to rely on bombed holes to hide or to evade the enemies bullets who are shooting at you. there are some problems that sometimes make me frustrated with the game like, lag issues, hit detection problems, and the squad feature.if you hate games that♥♥♥♥♥♥you off quickly all because of how the game is, don't buy this game because you'll experience ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t moments that'll frustrate you, like if you shoot at someone who's behind  cover and their body is slightly exposed, you'll hit an invisible wall for some reason because they it's uses the unity engine, and if you shoot first at someone even though you didn't miss, they'll kill you because of the bad hit detection. for some weird reason if you play as the germans, you'll lose quite often and it seems that the game treat the germans unfairly. there are moments where the enemy that outnumbers you will spawn more quickly even though theres a time penalty for the large enemy force. when you're defending it takes forever for you to spawn even when you're outnumberedthe lag is unbearable, i have an i7 intel processor and an amd radeon hd 7800 series and 12 gb of ram. there is no reason for the game to lag unless it's the internet. the last issue that i have for the game is the squad feature. i like the squad feature but there are some things that made me question it like why couldn't i upgrade my own squad with different uniforms and why is it required to have the same people who you played with to progress your squad leveling. in the game i've a lot of players wear the same bland old uniforms with nothing new because a lot them either don't have friends or are playing with different people. to me, i find this pretty laughable because i always wanted to have different types of uniforms to have my squad look more different. there are some games where you could change your clothes in a temporary team like mount and blade napoleonic wars where i could just change what uniform to wear.update: 3/16/2016 4:40 pmthe game verdun is becoming pretty good like i'm having less issues with lag and free content, but there are some problems with the game that i sometimes get mad at, like the hitbox detection where it's pretty wonky, where sometimes you shot someone but somehow you either missed or the hitbox detection isn't that great. the movement is still pretty strange to get used to after playing for a long time, it's strange because whenever i am a sniper, i would want to get some cover behind a wall, but my character is mostly exposed even when i crouch in the trenches. so far, it's still a good game, but these issues should be fixed when the devs have the time to do so."
,Recommended,242860,22329949,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Luigi Cadorna,This is modern war -Indy Neidell.
76561197989417060,Recommended,242860,22207964,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[TFD]R3niM,got insta killed by a shot on my heelgot insta killed by a  shot on my elbowgot insta killed by a shot on my handgot insta killed by a shot on my knee10/10  would get insta killed again.
,Recommended,242860,22173018,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Fun,It's fun.
76561198243918260,Recommended,242860,22207063,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ethandavecashmore,Apologies for my English. I actually had a gaming laptop last year that was fairly old but it ran Verdun okay on it but I sold it as I found the game wasn't something I could play 24/7.but then I saw a trailer for it on youtube and it showed new weapons and maps and I loved the look of it again. so on my next pay day I bought an alienware 13 and I realized how good this game was.my laptop runs it really well and I love the new weapons there's a few missing that I hope will be added like the styer roth pistol. but honestly its the only game I have on this laptop at the moment and its keeping me busy. thankyou Verdun
,Recommended,242860,21662777,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,NaPz | - 27 in 1 hit,Best WWI gmae out there.
76561197993740929,Recommended,242860,8523618,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[Grognard]_MacDonald,"As we are on the verge on celebrating the 100 anniversary of WWI, you can only say that this game comes perfectly on time.Now this still a beta so some things still seems to be improved or added of course.What I have enjoyed and try so far satisfied me as I can see that the dev's are progressively ameliorating their creation.So, we have here what could be a very promising simulation dedicated to one of the most horrible and destructive war of all time.Of course, this hasn't the sophisticated touch of blockbuster fps war-games yet, but I already felt the emotion of finding myself in the middle of a ruined landscape, in front of the carcass of a dead horse, hearing bullets flying above my head.So, If you are interested is this period of our history, if you are motivated to bring up your remarks and comments on the game, I wouldn’t hesitate to enlist and plunge, like me, into the trenches of Verdun.Now I'm looking forward to every updates they will come up with and this regarding weaponry, detailed graphical decorum details and audio effects to completely submerge us."
76561198111416064,Recommended,242860,19818426,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,mountainjager,no matter what you do you will die there is no surviving it WW1 for gods sake every thing you do will get you killed no matter how well you think your plans going you will die 10/10 would run at german machine gunner agian. and this may not be the best game for you if you rage a lot.
,Recommended,242860,18926366,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,✪ Deluxe csgonecro.com,no russians at least.
,Recommended,242860,22227043,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nanvinor,"If you are into old school - bolt action World War games..THEN WELCOME TO VERDUN!Here you can both kill many men.. Or get killed by enstranglement from barb wire within seconds.Either way, it's a great game that deserves a lot more than what it is being credited for.Best WW1 game out there! (In my op)Gameplay: 8/10Animations: 7/10Music: 7/10Graphics: 9/10Game difficulty: 7/10Gore(New): 7/10Weapons+attachments: 8/10Softcore mode: 8/10Hardcore mode: N/ACo-Op: 7/10Bugs killed: 5/10"
,Recommended,242860,22230284,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The Rampant Goat,"Gritty WWI first person shooter, the gameplay feels great, the guns are fun to discover and use and the maps are well designed and fun to play. You can take this game very seriously and really get into it but it's also super fun to play casually.The biggest issue I have with the game is it's matchmaking, or lack thereof. You can usually find a full or close to full game but it only ever stays that way for one round, then everybody leaves and your next round you have like 11/32 players. Get some good matchmaking and the game will be orders of magnitude better!"
76561198087877776,Recommended,242860,22231058,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Player Two,1. Spawn2. Charge the enemy trench3. Executed for deserting4. Oh10/10 would be executed for deserting again
76561198079440326,Recommended,242860,31551043,Posted: 4 May,all,TecnicStudios,"Great game, it may be somewhat unfair but is a fair kind of unfair."
76561198054075041,Recommended,242860,31542064,Posted: 4 May,all,jgriffiths1999,"I like this game for its realism and have thoroughly enjoyed it despite the rage factor associated with being crossmapped (balanced out by dealing out some of your own godly crossmap judgement).My only issue with this game at the moment is I'm really disappointed by the lack of Australian soldiers since they had such a huge impact on the war and were, and still are, regarded as some of, if not the greatest soldiers of WWI. IF you doubt this do a bit of research into our fine ANZAC's (I'm Australian) as there are some incredible stories about them. I will share some quotes with you all that I really love.""A Yankee who could speak German asked a German prisoner did he think they were winning the war, he replied: 'Yes, God is with us.' The Yankee replied 'That's nothing, the Australians are with us.' "" - diary of Sydney B. Young of Campsie, after 1000 American soldiers joined 7000 Australian soldiers to capture Hamel in 93 minutes on 4 July 1918.""Past wars should be studied as flesh and blood affairs, not as a matter of diagrams, formulae and concepts... but of men. Hence perhaps an element of over-emphasis on personalities in this book and in particular on the personal ascendancy of the Australian soldier on the battlefield which made him the best infantryman of the war and perhaps of all time."" -British General Hubert Essame who fought with the Australians at Villers-BretonneuxIf you've gotten this far thankyou, as the stories of what my predecessors did in WWI and WWII have made me truly proud to be Australian. If you have any futher interest such as my 18 y/o self, look at reading books such as 'Victory at VIllers-Bretonneux' by Peter Fitzsimons, which I have just started to read and is the source of the above quotes, and 'The Great War' by Les Carlyon, which I recently finished. They aren't easy reads but upon finishing the latter of the two I feel truly humbled, proud and reverent for the actions of the ANZAC's on the Western Front."
76561198142621484,Recommended,242860,29571327,Posted: 29 January,all,O.K.,"This game has incredible quality, especially for an Indie. The realisticity of it is not as good as most make it out to be, normally this wouldn't matter but because its a main selling point i have to consider it. The combat is good and requires a bit of learning. Getting one-shotted by some guy in the back of the map is frustrating at times. Teamwork is key unlike most AAA games where you can rambo an entire objective. Explosives are a bit unbalanced and artillary fire is ungodly. It's got lots of maps and weapons. All in all, this is good game. It's got a lot of bang for your buck and if you're interested in a more historically leaning shooter this will satisfy you. 7.5/10"
76561198105678532,Recommended,242860,31658007,Posted: 9 May,all,DarkBaron,"Spend 15 minutes of your life sitting in a muddy trench filled with a carpet of twitching, screaming corpses as waves of men charge at you and die in varied horrifying ways.10/10 would get traumatized again"
76561198056527388,Recommended,242860,31654191,Posted: 9 May,all,paddypaddy1,best ww1 game i have played
,Recommended,242860,31660888,Posted: 10 May,all,NoShotz,"A fun immersive game to play with your friends. This game is one of my favourite squad based shooters, the atmosphere is great, the guns work like they should, it is a great game in every way.10/10"
,Recommended,242860,26603057,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,tottinoerpupino,"Hanno fixato le animazioni, gg"
,Recommended,242860,31688280,Posted: 11 May,all,Gulunk,"This game is the most realistic WWI game I have ever played. The devs put a lot of effort into capturing an accurate & authentic feeling for the era, as well as portraying the intensity of trench warefare, & in my opinion they nailed it. After a few rounds I felt immersed in the battle & at times even became hesitant to charge when my NCO ordered it out of fear from being cut down by a machine gun or sniper. If I had to pick between BF1 & Verdun on which is a better representation of the Great War to end All Wars it hands down would be Verdun. I highly recommend anyone looking for an authentic, unique, & realistic FPS (who can handle dieing a lot) &/or into WWI to buy this game."
,Recommended,242860,22962886,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Piktoll,PROS:(+) Nice rifles(+) Not as fast-paced as other FPS games(+) Teamwork(+) Chlorine gas(+) FlamethrowerCONS:(-) Random fps drops(-) Not really optimised (yet)8/10 Almost dank
76561198076725416,Not Recommended,242860,16020733,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Seawiiplay,"Used to like this game, is now riddled with hackers and devs don't seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198117264695,Recommended,242860,31735108,Posted: 13 May,all,Brem Fox,"This game may be hard at the start and you may even want a refund but put some good time and effort in it and it's really enjoyable, worth the price and even better if you can get a discount on it. really, really good game!"
76561198086937279,Recommended,242860,31692482,Posted: 11 May,all,c.bassett,Finally a realistic shooter.  By far my favorite for close to or over a year.  Yes a rifle shot will put you down.  Great job from the developers in focusing on realism.  The gameplay doesn't suffer because of this.  I enjoy it so much more than bf1.
,Recommended,242860,31693265,Posted: 11 May,all,Storm,This game is fun as it has trench warfare.
76561198044419255,Recommended,242860,12588212,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,-=Patrick=-,This game has improved alot.  I am loving the squad defense...   and it is recomended for someone looking for a multi player casual shooter...
,Not Recommended,242860,24087728,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fresh Dumbledore,"Would be nice if the game wouldnt start right away when you create a squad, and the game finding issues, it cancels the joining for apparently not being able to join with a one man squad wtf?"
76561198005447950,Recommended,242860,31694409,Posted: 11 May,all,HotRedSauce,"Honestly, this was the best WW1, if not the only WW1, shooter before Battlefield 1 and it is still the best WW1 shooter. If you want an extremely immersive and beautiful game that really captures the chaos and the landscape of trench warfare then this is your game.The learning curve isn't as steep as you'd think it'd be, and the community is extremely friendly."
76561198054713819,Recommended,242860,31707192,Posted: 12 May,all,GMR,"This game is historically accurate. The gameplay is very interesting. If you don't have this game, buy it."
76561198045493497,Recommended,242860,30064225,Posted: 20 February,all,Sn3akyStalk3r,"Really great game, although not perfect on many points.PROS :_Amazing job on weapons / uniforms / languages / landscapes, it feels extremely realistic and historically accurate._A whole lot of rifles, pistols, grenades, melee weapons, and each faction has got its own weaponry._Many different nations playable with their own abilities_Fun gameplay (ironsight aiming, NCO's abilities, squad-based games, intuitive trench-warfare gameplay)_Squad leveling system encourages us to play with friends_Maps are both beautiful and huge, and the level design is great. Also a great variety from map to map._Some intense trench chaos where you stab people with baionettes in the middle of a confusing mustard gas attack, really fun and definitely boosts your adrenaline !CONS :_We could definitely use more maps_Really frustrating at times, when you get indefinitely chain-killed and you can't do anything about it_When you play with a lvl 1 squad and there's a lvl 100 squad in front of you, you feel like it's pretty unbalanced (artillery strikes, I mean come on)_Artillery strikes are really fast to reload, but gas-attacks take for ever and don't really do much_It can be frustrating for new players to be confronted to experienced ones who seem to never miss a shot, so you end up dying 30 times in a row and you end up being fed up with this game_It's not the game's fault, but the community is really small, there are hardly more than 100 players playing at the same timeOverall 7/10, sometimes it's great fun, sometimes it couldn't be more frustrating, but you can definitely feel the atmosphere of World War 1"
76561198071034410,Recommended,242860,31761664,Posted: 14 May,all,spoonly,"Even though the game has a bit of a cult community of around only 200 active people that still play, its still a great game. Only negative thing I can say is its a little to overpriced, but a steam sale would fix that."
76561198145362830,Recommended,242860,31759707,Posted: 14 May,all,Stoßtrupp,"Verdun is a WWI game about combat in trench warfare.  There are many squads to choose from, each with their own perks and challenges.  I, for one, love this game.For the point of view of gameplay, it is a bit slow, and I die a lot (maybe that's because I'm bad at the game), but it is definitely fun and exciting.  It is a fun game to play with friends, too, as it's nice to shoot some guys together or shoot each other.From the point of accuracy to history, this is phenomenal.  I studied WWI for a bit, and it is just very interesting.  I played the game and saw a good amount of accuracy involved.  The gas masks are different from class to class,  The guns are specific to each squad, and so much more is so good with this game.I highly recommend this game for history nerds, but not exactly the WWII thrill-seekers."
,Not Recommended,242860,13953110,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DuPPy,I like the concept i like the graphics i like the gameplay .... BUT it is so frigging poorly optimized at the moment be ready to play at 20-30 FPS max! do not buy untill the devs put some serious work in_____EDIT - Optimized now is an awesome game
76561198032086289,Not Recommended,242860,14090955,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,sirmixpix,"I have an amazing computer, gtx 970, i7 x99 mb and this game lags to holy hell on even low graphics settings. Wait till its out of this beta crap or be so frusterated you never want to play again."
76561198007567154,Not Recommended,242860,13859219,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,{Avatar}ToshiroBufoonie,"Further play has revealed a few things that are not great, but its not ""terrible"", as I had said before.Barbed wire did not KILL people, it made them stop moving so they could be shot.  Just make the wire slow people.  Having it kill people is just stupid.Attack/Defend orders often make no sense, and suddenly you have to rush back to a confined area to defend or be killed.  Drop this.  It makes being on offense a crap situation, and encourages camping.There are several issues with lag, and some point blank shots have missed entirely.  Very frustrating.Allow picking up dropped weapons.  This happened in real war all the time.One shot kill is bleh.  I like the damage, but vary it with a hit location.Soldiers toss grenades with the range of a small child.  Make the range better.Add horses.  Rediculous but fun."
76561198014674980,Recommended,242860,14092829,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sixpac,"If you want to play a game set in WW1, this is it. It is still in beta so it is rough around the edges, but that is alright, it feels and plays like WW1. Plus it keeps Call of Duty people away."
76561198084195656,Recommended,242860,13999234,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Lord Duck,"Pretty fun and a good game aswell, first fps game from WW1 that i've seen that it's awesome.10/10 would gas again"
,Recommended,242860,13951393,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Boohooimsad,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,242860,13951401,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Thicc,Best WW1 Simulator10/10Would WW1 Again
76561198070955530,Recommended,242860,13954376,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Zens,"this is a really good game.I think of myself as a history buff and not many games get the jist of how to imply realistic warfare, which goes in well with world war one, especially with the lack of war games out there set in world war 1.my only problem is the slight bugs and lighting glitches ( random black screens and blinding light without graphs set on low) and that can be easily solved with upcoming patches, some sort of co op or singleplayer campaign would be nice alsobest of all it's no cod! 8/10, 10/10 with full release"
76561198037918281,Recommended,242860,13994762,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,barboursam,"Very refreshing shooter. Game does away with the ridiculous accuracy of guns found in COD and battlefield, this variability in bullet trajectory allows for far more realistic gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,13996504,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Boogie,8/10well worth playing if you like shooterstop notch game in every way
76561198105742683,Recommended,242860,13996540,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Lost In The Supermarket,"I really enjoyed playing the game as evidenced by the timer, It's really a lot of fun having to use bolt action rifles rather than the spary and pray used most other games. The only downside is the new patch/engine change has made the game almost unplayable for me, Where I was  playing om high graphics in the previous version I can now barely play the game on low graphics without lots of unstableness.I'd still recomend the game though, it's a lot of fun if you can play it. Hopefully I'll be able to play it again after some optimisation has been carried out."
76561198158380324,Recommended,242860,14006819,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,W1LCO,This game is totally worth buying
76561198122679956,Recommended,242860,14009317,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,blinerd skynerd,"best game!,but it needs amic like to talk to teams"
76561198196776035,Not Recommended,242860,17604094,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,[VoiD]ghost of 607,"Theres only so much to this game...   can be fun at one time, and the next, a pure frustrating dull fest......"
,Recommended,242860,17581881,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,WasabiLube,"I was intrigued by the idea of the game but i was worried it would be too difficult to maintain a position or survive such as in insurgency. However, in this game, once you get used to the idea that stealth and taking the right shot are a factor, things change and you become engrossed in the game play and the squad based orders.The back and forth of the battles is also very fun. Sometimes you will have to fall back, other times you push forward. EIther way, it feels like WWI and the guns show it. They are accurate and powerful, while the ballistics feel very much like battlefield and act appropriately to real lfie. It's a great game. And I was very skeptical at first. Thumbs up."
76561198202131156,Recommended,242860,17588428,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,David Cameron,5 star!!Very fun yet very hardHugely immersiveGreat depthVery realisiticA must for history nuts!!
,Recommended,242860,17589135,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Diamonds4Meat,"I've owned this game probably for about a year now and I have to say it is exuisite as a realism shooter. You'd think that a World War 1 first person shooter would be as boring as an FPS could get but you'd be so wrong. Between the constant attacking, defending, and counter-attacking rarely are you ever staying in one place. There is also a huge selection of guns. Graphics and sound are exceptional as well. I would highly recommend this for any WW1 & WW2 buff as well as anybody looking for something different from the ubiquitous modern/future warfare shooter."
76561198039914478,Recommended,242860,17589486,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,McCuck,This game gives me PTSD unlike no other FPS I have played.  It really gives you the feel of being in the trenches on the Western Front.
76561198053922493,Recommended,242860,24311878,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,BlueZombie,"One of the best games, realistic, fun ... for war fans."
76561198091755010,Recommended,242860,28582892,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ranch or Cool Ranch?,"Good game, would recommend."
,Recommended,242860,28619449,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cactusman,Proficient WW1 Simulator
76561198175318859,Recommended,242860,28615476,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,( ),"- Boots up game- Gets killed- Respawns- Gets one kill- Gets blown up, only torso remaning- 2000/5 will get blown up with only torso remaning"
76561198046820251,Recommended,242860,28616044,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,John Browning,"Awesome Game! but if you are a patient FPS player and its interesting if you are a history nerd and tired of CS and games without bolt-action guns, This game actually makes you love the bolt action and its more skill demanding than facility demanding"
,Recommended,242860,28615348,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Le Sác,Great game! Verdun is fun and immersive. My favourite part about it is how the pace of action seems to be always shifting. Periods of slow followed by periods of intense and concentrated action. Also this game is much more historically accurate than your average game set in the period.
,Recommended,242860,28614326,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,art1lery,a game that feels a world war ! nice
76561198149776701,Not Recommended,242860,28615085,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dumtskk,"lack of players on certain server, closes server ping are high up to +400ms, not very reliable. Dissapointed and refund!"
76561198089802693,Recommended,242860,28615221,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Don Corleone,"11 hours playing this game in the two days that I've had it...This game is absolutely amazing for anybody that loves history. There is no other shooter I can think of that lets you charge out of your trench into another enemy trench, cram a bayonet into someone's face all the while avoiding constant mortar fire and different assortments of lung/eye-clogging gas that will melt your insides out. Yes, Battlefield One does exist, but Battlefield One doesn't have trench warfare, nor does it focus on your team in the sense that this game does. In Verdun, you will die a lot, but so will everyone. Any win that you get is a team effort in this game."
76561198150547702,Recommended,242860,28688118,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RussianLad,"A fairly good game, although it may have graphical problem (like being set low and difficult to run higher on some computers) it is still a good game. I'd have to admit it is a very very good game. There's also things that inlude not being able to join global games (like CSGO or gmod for instance) and being limited with joining games in your area. It pays in being very realistic, having good gameplay, and being able to play without many people (although sometimes it makes it an empty game). It's also hard to figure out the playing style, how to get higher lvls and getting gameplay. It's confusing, hard to play, very little lobbies/servers (in my area) but is still a very good game."
76561198050765234,Recommended,242860,28688443,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Why Todd? Why?,"♥♥♥♥ing brutal WW1 combat, great weapons, and excelent team dynamics. If you like games that chew you up and spit you out this is the game for you. 11/10"
,Recommended,242860,28673661,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[DMC]AstralPlane,This is a proper ww1 shooter and hella realistic IE you die when you are shot once
76561198052865327,Recommended,242860,28662593,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Judge,"Verdun is a frustrating game. Its learning curve is difficult in its own right because iron sights are a tad bit difficult to use, however you're thrown into the game with very experienced players with highly honed rifle shooting skills. The result of all this is a game where you're afraid to poke your head out anywhere for fear of it being instantly blown off by someone you could never have hoped to see. In short, a realistic war game. No Call of Dindu running around with double shotguns here, no killstreak bonuses, just you and the other guy seeing who'll live (neither of you will).10/10 would trench simulator again"
,Recommended,242860,28661577,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BEPISCOLA,"If your not killed right after spawn, you're lucky."
76561198077318219,Recommended,242860,28653683,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,{J},"Ahh yes. Verdun. If you like some good old fashion blood, gore, and screaming from injury then this is the game for you. At first when I started to play this I found it very frusterating how everytime I stuck my head out of the trench it was shot off. As time went on I learned that you should only poke your head out if you have a clear shot at the ""Hun"" or ""Tommy"" in the opposite trench.If you're looking to play with friend I strongly recomend this game. There are loads of activities you and your mates will be able to do like charging the trenches, defending trenches, mowing down squads apon squads of men, or if you play like my fiends and I you'd like to see who can last the longest in mustard gas.The game runs fine and I havent run into any issues with frame rate. Graphics are fantastic and the gore and explostions have given me borderline PTSD. One second I'll be talking to the man next to me and then he'll be on the ground screaming for is mama.10/10 would charge the trenches again."
76561198168472774,Recommended,242860,28690901,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Peterdnzl,"Very historically accurate, can be buggy sometimes.  Also frustrating at times, but I can only say git gud"
76561198251307286,Recommended,242860,28674341,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Duco,And I thought the PTSD reviews were jokes.
76561198320274402,Recommended,242860,28585296,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,D_RACK420,This game is great. I bought it because it was on sale and heard it was a fun shooter. I started playing and I died. A lot. It takes some getting used to because most guns are a one shot kill.  The community is friendly from what I can tell. I recommend this to anyone who wants a unique shooter experience.
76561198027507303,Recommended,242860,18202663,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Osaze,"Few games manage to caption the sheer force and violence that is war. War is hell. War never changes. In Verdun, prepare to die. Like so many far too young did for a unsure cause they didn't quite understand, so will you. A lot."
76561198092034423,Recommended,242860,15545761,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,dngnear,"Great game! I same that as both a gamer and a huge history nerd. Very authentic to the times, really unique team fights, and just so friggin fun! The only thing i would add to this would be bots. This game can be frustrating sometimes and bots are a great way to end that frustration."
76561198034240669,Recommended,242860,15546117,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Corvos,Very buggy but fun as hell.
76561198027042507,Recommended,242860,15547806,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,JBH,Great historic FPS focusing on an era often ignored in games.
76561197970681581,Recommended,242860,15431042,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Manifestion,"Solid gameplay, good music."
76561198117680377,Recommended,242860,15448932,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Al Fatman,"I absolutely implore you to play this terrific game. With the full release date coming up, it's been an extrordinary blast to play this game up to this point. History buff, war-game lover, FPS fan or just the casual gamer looking for a game to team up with a few friends, Verdun is incredible, intense and fun all year round."
,Recommended,242860,32160262,Posted: 3 June,all,Doctornotyep,10/10 would hide in the corpses of my friends to avoid gunfire again
,Recommended,242860,32162792,Posted: 3 June,all,ur donezo pal,"Game has a steep learning curve and you will be punished for having inferior strategies. This is not a run and gun game, often times you are forced to hold a narrow position as you will be shot exposing yourself too much in no man's land. This game can be really frustrating but incredibly rewarding you do the right things. Would recommend."
,Recommended,242860,32166754,Posted: 3 June,all,SlavicKnight,"♥♥♥♥ING A MAN, ♥♥♥♥ING A"
,Recommended,242860,32168204,Posted: 3 June,all,Vault Dweller,gg
76561198129200403,Recommended,242860,32186527,Posted: 4 June,all,ge936,Excellent game. Be sure to turn gore on. Its hard to beat the feeling of scalping someone with a crisp bolt action.
,Recommended,242860,32186948,Posted: 4 June,all,MrJokee,"It's a great game if you have at least 2 buddies to always play with. The progression system is a really important part of it, so you really need friends. It can be a quite frustrating at times, but even then it is fun to play. Just don't expect it to be like CoD. It is team based, and team reliant."
76561198290235443,Recommended,242860,32185513,Posted: 4 June,all,hcuffaro,"This game is incredibly fun to play, with many action packed moments along with some more relaxed ones. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a historical WWI tactical experience."
76561197985602388,Recommended,242860,32192397,Posted: 4 June,all,dapperdan2005,"Awesome. Hoping for some new maps. This is the first game I have ever liked being a sniper. I've always plated assault, because BF4's gayness with the scope beacon every time you scope in is utter nonsense.Warning, it may cause eye bleeding from failure to blink and look away from the screen.Great Game!"
76561198009231105,Recommended,242860,32206540,Posted: 5 June,all,Thujon,"This is exacly what I thought Battlefield 1 should have been!Trench and masssacre battle to the maximum on large scale 16 vs 16 battles. With authentic weapons and squads. The maps are brilliant too.No other game takes you to the first world war like this game!You have quick actions, but sometimes you want to play strategicly and take your time.You die quite alot, since it's almost one shot one kill.There is no enemy radar, except when a commander has a scouting plane every 60 seconds, then you can see the enemy for around 10 seconds.It's a fast game but can be slow from time to time, due to your role.If you like wargames? Buy this gameYou like WW1? Buy this gameYou want to shoot people up? Buy this gameYou like trench largescale battles? buy this gameYou like realistic games + feel to it? Buy this gameYou think BF1 disappointed you? Buy this gameBUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,242860,32206572,Posted: 5 June,all,Darthy,"A lot of people compare this game to BF1. I personally find this hilarious. This game tries to capture the WW1 atmosphere, and balances the realistic-fun elements. But it's not perfect. So here's the Goods and the Bads.The Good:This game nails the sight mechanics, you move even at the slowest pace and your sight gets ruined, absolutely love this feature.The guns actually do feel like they have a barrel, most games feel like the gun isn't even there after the iron sight.Why is it perfect on that aspect? Because if you try to expose your head as little as you can, your gun would shoot just underneath you, which would provoke you to find a better position for your view, with the sacrifice of protection.Speaking of protection, you can't escape from grenades just by hiding behind a thin metal sheet like in many other games. Grenades have a pretty realistic radius and that radius extends behind the cover.The Bad:Hit registration can be unreliable sometimes, mainly due to ping. (eg. 80 vs 89ms)It would be awesome to have 64 player matches, It would mimic WW1 atmosphere perfectly. (Upcoming in the next title)Gameplay is so straightforward, It's just ""attack them"" or ""oh no we failed get back"" over and over again until the match ends either in a draw or win/loss.The animations need polishing.I'm really happy to see most of the negatives are being fixed in the next game,Tannenburg. That being said, I definetly recommend this game."
,Recommended,242860,32209391,Posted: 5 June,all,Lbow,"good game, if youre interested in the time period definitley pick it up. it can get a little annoying sometimes when you play against people who can use the artillery/explosives really well and gives sort of a more real wwi experience than i really care for. aside from the explosives cheese, the gunplay is quite solid and enjoyable with a lot more variety to weapons than one might expect (not all bolt-actions/revolvers are created equal basically). while it can be frustrating sometimes, as was probably often the case in the real conflict, it is a lot of fun once you understand how to play"
76561198120312001,Recommended,242860,30453060,Posted: 11 March,all,Geddy Lee,A fantastic hardcore fpsvery strong learning curvehighly recommend
76561198061946345,Recommended,242860,28725216,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LSG,Do you want to have some fun?? Do you like ww1?? No money for Battlefield 1?Then this game is for YOU!!GO BUY IT!! NOW!!
76561198063300799,Recommended,242860,28659317,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ChaseP.Perry,"Verdun is great game. Verdun is a squad-based FPS that takes a little bit to get used to. It has its share of pros and cons.Pros:Realistic WW1 setting and styleRealistic gameplayGood graphicsGood number of weapons used often in WW1Good number of different units to choose fromAn alright number of mapsBlood and Character models look greatCons:Community is either good, bad, or uglySeems like the high ranked players (Rank 60-100) act as if they are just playing the gameYou will die a lot (Something high ranked players don't understand. Dying a lot does add a good sense of WW1)Character models will sometimes get into very odd postions when dying (Arms going through chest)Character models are slightly stiffSay anything about history and you will be bashed by people who believe they are history wizardsSquad mates rarely helpNCO's (aka Squad Leaders) don't use arty like they shouldNCO's rarely try to stay alive to let squad members stay aliveDont let the number of cons disuade you from buying or playing the game. The pros weigh more than the cons. In all, the game is a good 86/100 in my book"
76561198154491076,Recommended,242860,28642067,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,olmelton1,"This game really shows the brutallity of WW1. All it takes to die is one bullet from a rifle. A well placed machine gun can turn no man's land into a mass grave. Snipers can pick off targets on the other side of no man's land. Shotguns are the dominant players at close quarters. Flamethrowers are fairly terrifying when first encountered by a new player (though I hope they add some horrific death animations to go with it as well as with gas). This is what I always imagined World War One must have looked like. Grenades actually have a near inescapable blast radius when landing close like they should. No running away, just duck in cover. Without cover, you are dead. This game is amazing, esspecially for us mildly autistic history nuts with an Aspergers Syndrome filled passion for immersing ourselves in the carnage of the past. (That wasn't meant to be offencive. I have mild autism / Asperger's Syndrome). I could go on for hours typing this review, but it will probably be best if I leave it here and let you explore the horrors of war on your own."
76561198036033819,Recommended,242860,28593167,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,KLIMA,"This game is superb!Are you WW1 fan? Then it's made just for you!Much more better than BF1 or other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games ;) this has big potencial...Worth paying!No hackersGreat communityEven bigger fun when playing with friends :)Now, grab your weapon and FIGHT SOLDIER!"
,Recommended,242860,28152854,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bean Boozled,this game is really realistic.so realistic that i died 10 times and got 0 kills.those deaths where from artillery and machine gun fire.
76561198018054788,Recommended,242860,28151719,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,countflaming,fun time yay
,Recommended,242860,28129892,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Vandhoming,Screw battlefield this came first. 10/10
,Recommended,242860,28122678,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,michel21416,"I love this game, hard to get into it at first but keep trying, it will definitely be worth it"
,Recommended,242860,28121673,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,"Dust ""Dusty"" Finn",10/10 would get killed by a guy with a shovel again
76561197972277014,Recommended,242860,28094741,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Grainsofarcadia,"If you want a WW1 game that isn't a pew pew fest, then pick up a copy of Verdun. There a few things I wish I could change (being able to see the time remaining in a game before I join would be an example) but all in all it's a great game that I keep coming back to.8/10"
76561198110485142,Recommended,242860,28094806,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,II [ραи∂αмσиιυм] II,"Verdun is a very fun game to play. I totally didnt waste my money on buying this game instead of spending it on summer shades to get refs on tf2. This game is very realistic but is full of pros and quickscopers. If you suck at aiming, you shouldn't play as you'll most likely get shot as soon as you poke your head from cover. Still, after 15 seconds to wait for you to respawn you'll still be addicted to the game as it is very very very very very very good."
,Recommended,242860,28107640,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Broder Tuck,Absolutely recommended!
76561198048007728,Recommended,242860,28275251,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,5 O'Clock Charlie,"Fantastic game! NOT a subsitute for Battlefield 1, and that's  good thing.  Maps with actual trenches, one-shot kills, and a slower pace.Graphics are great, doesn't have the flash of modern AAA titles, but makes up for it with gritty and crisp looks.Very refreshing 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,242860,28275344,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Cahaza TV - Calulalia,great game
76561198049743627,Recommended,242860,28191639,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,EL.POTATO,Squad play is a nice part of the game.Ok gun variety.Amazing maps.Good historical accuracy.Gun play is good.Gas is not used alot. :(Progression is a little too quick.If you're a ww1 buff i strongly recommend!
76561198092019363,Recommended,242860,28194324,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,alltmann,Really fun hardcore WW1 shoter
,Recommended,242860,28246424,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Eraserble,it a good game but no one is online in australia
,Recommended,242860,28227631,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,[49th]Rec_Giu10,"Good game for a good PC with a good driverNot my case, but still a good game"
,Recommended,242860,22920830,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,AiDs,help!My game crashes when it starts does anyone no why and can helpme thanks
,Recommended,242860,28196865,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Netscape Navigator,One of a kind.
,Recommended,242860,28196907,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,CYLON,I got this game on sale for like 15 bucks and it kicks♥♥♥♥♥I love it would recommend anyone buy it! WW1 Simulator.
76561198135376922,Recommended,242860,28197069,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Squidsaur,"Game is fun, realistic (save for surviving multiple pistol/shotgun shots at long range, and not needing medics), the perfect buy for somone who wanted Battlefield 1 for PC but didn't want a origins account or didn't feel like paying $60. Only complaint is no single player. Be it campaign or bots, I just want some sort of 'offline' mode, something to play where the enemies don't instantly kill me. Also, lots of destroyed tanks, so, maybe we could drive a not blown-up one?"
76561198141809265,Recommended,242860,27744860,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,THE Wags,Absolutely stunning 10/2
76561198200719601,Recommended,242860,26718022,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,It's Ok I'm Vegan [CSLOTTO],"Why can't more games be as realistic as this is.Thank you so much for making a World War 1 game, (Finally!) and pls make some more great content and DLC."
,Recommended,242860,28223667,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Wistful Emolga™ -TPF-,"As I looked up to see the German artillery bearing down upon me, my last thoughts are of Waffles and my Home :(.While there are a number of frame drops still about, it's nowhere near as bad as it was before. Game is perfect if a little unoptimized."
76561198175701813,Recommended,242860,28091090,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HozayAO,Very accurate representaion of WWI action. Kind of the more realistic BF1. I wish there was more mulitplayer action though.
,Recommended,242860,28091317,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Comrade Expand Dong,Sorry kids no Holosights here ¯\_(ツ)_/
76561198118730541,Recommended,242860,28102245,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,IANB (L) | EDGY,add austria-hungary because i think most people are tired of just playing as the germans but a very good game none the less
,Recommended,242860,28098915,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Draiez,"Really cool and realistic WW1 game, it would be awsome to play this in VR."
,Recommended,242860,28109481,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,The Beef Doughnut,"Great Game!As an avid history buff, I never thought that there would be a game out there that would find the balence between historical authenticity and fun. Verdun is that game, and while some creative liberties have been taken to create an enjoyable experiance for the player, I'm sure any history lover will apreciate the obviously long hours of research they put into the game. I personally love the fact that they took the time to add the Canadians and Belgians into the game whos monumental role in the war is all to often neglected and forgoten. I highly recommended this game to anyone who is considering. :)"
76561198033823757,Recommended,242860,28112263,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,bennoon12,Amazing game.
76561198177739231,Recommended,242860,24814824,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Jim20130,"One of the few realistic FPS games out their, with lots of guns teamwork and skill. Verdun is based in WW1 so almost everyone has a bolt-action or a handgun and both have High damage. With your MGs and Smgs it doesn't take half a mag to kill someone unlike your COD or Battlefield.  Dispite a few glitch its a very good game that I do recommend to anyone who enjoys historic accuracy, skill and realism."
76561198219241989,Recommended,242860,28089020,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,yaes50202,One of my favorite gamesVerdun 4 everWW1 4 ever
76561198061284849,Recommended,242860,28144388,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,van61t,"I want to be honest with this review, Yes i am giving it a thumbs up BUT, this is what your in for, i want to like the game i do but its biggest down fall is its a small community- small community, hard to find games sometimes, find my self playing on diffrent country servers, and when i do find a game to play most of the time its one side just dominating the other, and the game chat is blowing up with everyone telling people to switch sides- i like the consept of having to charge across no mans land, but thats if everyone on the team does it also, if not its half the team playing sniper in the trench shooting at any pixel of movement, and the other half forced to crall for 5 min to get to the other trench and if you get shot its hard to crawl that 5 min again forcing you to want to be like everyone else and play sniperbut in the end i just wish this game had a bigger community,"
76561198162299727,Recommended,242860,28144445,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,smithiem0220,so no xbox one
76561198281754501,Recommended,242860,28146488,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,omegafaggot,like this game very much but the only thing is that i dont know how to throw the g's
,Recommended,242860,28191242,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hamburger,"Fantastic!Captures WW1 very well. You might find yourself single-handedly taking a section of trench in a heroic close quarters melee, just to have an artillery shell blow off your limbs and/or face.It needs an automated autobalance, however. At the moment the game asks if you would swap to other team rather than just simply forcing you onto the other team. I can't say why anyone would willingly volunteer to give up their position on a team and join the other.8/10, would stare in horror as shrapnel hits my commanding officer in the face and he slowly collapses again. Would be meat for the meat grinder in a pointless battle for a muddy hill again."
76561198109851188,Recommended,242860,28242770,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TheRaider2434,"To those who were looking for a WW1 game that was realistic but you got Battlefield 1 instead, I have a solution for you! Verdun is probably the most realistic WW1 FPS there is out there. It has trenches, realistic WW1 guns, blood and gore (If you set that to high), actual bolt action rifles and a lot more cool stuff. If you still have enough money from spending it on BF 1 then get on down to Verdun!"
76561197990295150,Recommended,242860,28324346,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Cale,"I really enjoy playing verdun. The game is very fun and I feel like I am in real war (if thats what you were aiming for then well done). Somtimes the spawns can be a bit weird and annoying at times. But the gameplay is fantastic and I would recommend this game to all of my friends.Jut a thing about the Outfits, the current feature is good but persoally I would have it that tier 1 was level 3, tier 2 was level 5, tier 3 was level 10 and tier 4 was level 15. But the current feature is still fine.I have been loving all of the matches that I have been playing so far. I love the career points and the different loadouts. It adds variety to which way you are playing."
76561198142030651,Recommended,242860,28313622,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Nasskalt,This is great cooperative RPG
76561198098095580,Recommended,242860,28314505,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,smoopy,This game is amazing! More people should play this if you are a fps fan but hate COD and Battlefield this is probably for you. My only suggestion is have good internet
,Recommended,242860,28298097,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Infern0,"I love it! Great fps that actually requires some skill and patience. You will die a few times when you first start but you will learn how to play. It's not hard to pick up on. If you are a call of duty fan though, i would not recommend this game because  you actually have to kill people with weapons and not airstrikes and quick scoping is not a thing. I love how the sniper works in the game. It's a bit tricky but fun and realistic. One more thing I gotta add is stay in the trenches unless you want to die the whole game and play safe."
,Recommended,242860,14979652,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,FALA,fun
,Recommended,242860,14953624,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,λ,very good graphicsi personaly lov the world war 1 scenery9|10 would recomend
76561198082583812,Recommended,242860,14953795,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Mozilla Firefox,"This game is one of the most historicaly accurate WW1 games, I highly recommend this game for history nerds like me."
76561198079446044,Recommended,242860,14953834,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Not_A_Replicant,"This is a great example of how squad FPS should go down, its an amazing game even though in beta still and is very historically acruate. My main concern is the SMLE is too OP. I can only imagine this game being in virtural reality. ""Take all my money!"""
76561198141744006,Recommended,242860,14954605,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,RottenPumpkin90,Excelent game would recommend it to anyone who is interested in the WW1 trench warfare .However due to the fact that i am not a big online multi_player fan and that my computer cant handle large online games and lags out quite a lot. the only thing i could dock points for is the lack of a solo play option. But it is  still a 9/10 game!
,Recommended,242860,15021016,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,MinuteRice,Epic battles m8
76561198066655487,Recommended,242860,13620602,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Grombrindal,I wouldn't mind having controler support with this.
76561198100768961,Recommended,242860,15007344,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Michael Jordan's Fine Moustache,What's up with this new update? Ever since that update came out my Frames Per Second are in the single digits. This game used to work on my Mac OS X and other players online are complaining about the same issue. Please fix this this is one of my favorite games!
76561198060162218,Recommended,242860,15068072,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,TWF,"Verdun is great if you love crawling through trenches, stabing people because you ran out of ammo in your clip, or are just looking to kill a person in a trench.Poison gas is great, killing people is great, and with a few minor exceptions the game runs pretty smoothly.This is the game you play when you get tired of the 12 years in COD killing you and ♥♥♥♥ing your mother.This is the game you play when you no longer want to be sprayed by bullets and would prefer a fair fight.This is the game you play when you want to play long battles involving movements back and fourth and fighting for every inch."
76561198064487132,Recommended,242860,15062947,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Donald_Trump,this game is simply amazing :) always bothered me that there was never a decent first person WW1 shooter until now. really reccomend anyone to get it
76561198016839744,Recommended,242860,14938564,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,World War I Trenches is Fun
76561198068461302,Recommended,242860,14884647,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,porp,"Okay, so it's a little pricey, but worth it. It is very fun and K/D doesn't matter so as long as you are supporting your team you can have fun. Who said WWI shooters would be boring?"
,Recommended,242860,14943992,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Merle Haggard,"Its in beta right now, but its a really great game! Especially if you love history"
,Recommended,242860,14961176,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,The Key to Success,11/10 would get sniped again.
,Recommended,242860,27977338,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[Shroom] Money Store,"Great WW1 game, with enough variety to keep you playing. There is a bit of a skill curve but is great. Performance is high but ragdoll physics is glitchy which is minor. Trump approves."
,Recommended,242860,27982572,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Beechler,I've played this game since it was a web browser game and fell in love with the thought of it then. It has continued to impress me as I have watched it grow to become the amazing game it is now.
,Recommended,242860,27982605,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cheeki Breeki,"Fun shooter with alot of realism, if you thought battlefield one was accurate, then you have not seen this game."
,Recommended,242860,27982807,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[HRE] GGN Inhaber Seegert,"Quite and intense and fun game where if you stick together you will kick♥♥♥♥♥or all get shot their so need to know what your doing follow orders otherwise your going to keep getting shot and die. Which is why I will recommend this fun and bloody world war 1 and trench warfare game. Just one thing I would like to see is them making another game based on the campaigns and battles in the eastern front or one on the middle east which would be cool to see russian, austrian, and ottoman troops as well as the italians and serbians who were more in the balkans but yeah that would be cool because I know this just for verdun which is the western front but otherwise I love game."
76561198238034590,Recommended,242860,25732525,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,PotatoBattery,"11/10 would run through gas, dodging hundreds of bullets, into the waiting arms of a shovel!Anyway, this is a must-have for those who enjoy fps WW1 games."
,Recommended,242860,27719451,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Puckey,Handgun is best sniper.Great game overall. Much fun and gets the blood pumping!
76561198068244131,Recommended,242860,27767947,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,POLISH SAUSAGE,gg
76561198152543386,Recommended,242860,27712732,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ReelYung,okay so i waited awhile to write a review just in case something were to switch and my current mindset would change. no that did not happen. this is a realistic feeling representation of The Great War and yeah sometimes not a LOT of people are on but in no time you'll have a full lobby of back to back trench warfare. somethings are rage inducing like you both shoot but they dont die and you do but thats not a game problem. i have not experienced any problems with this game and it is amazing. i definitely recommend if you play realistic war games and love WWI as much as i do!!!
76561198048721263,Recommended,242860,27700075,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RLpacifist,I suppose this games creates a better idea of playing a WWI shooter than this other competitor.
76561198116505753,Recommended,242860,27722164,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ckuv,Best survival horror since 1914.
,Recommended,242860,27748509,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dirmaster0,"The most frustrating, yet best WW1 Death Simulator ever.I actually feel the frustration of winning almost every other Squad match with a draw, just like the real Great War.11/10 would get Trench Foot again"
76561198175901250,Recommended,242860,27724276,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Duke Luke,"Fun, Frustrating at times, addicting in a way."
,Recommended,242860,27389240,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spooky Skele Boy,"It's a pretty great first-person shooter set in a Historical time period. One problem I have with it though is the movement, it's a bit too ""static"" in my opinion, but after an hour or so of playing and getting used to it, it's a great game."
76561198074970023,Recommended,242860,27662643,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Eisenwolf,If you want play awesome game from WWI buy this instead of Battlefield 1. This game gives you far more better 	authentical expirience than anything else out here.
76561198044586446,Recommended,242860,27685107,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EmperorZheng,Best World War 1 game i played this year Recommend get it !( GOOD )- weapons and map are base real- death in one shot from rifle shots ( like in real )- many country and regiment on both side= 9.5 out 10 BEST =
,Recommended,242860,27864845,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,D00mnukem,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzKajWC2wNY
76561198078185665,Recommended,242860,27866228,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MarkSK,No one step back :). If you like realistic games you should buy Verdun.
,Recommended,242860,23224143,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,[STD(g)]xXMLGROBERTXx,s'gud buy it19/14-19/18 would get ptsd again
,Recommended,242860,27856027,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TrippyHippie,"Got in, died.Respawned, died.Spawned as a Canadian, guy on voice chat: ""Press 4 for gas mask, eh!""""No gas tho""*Gas*I died10/10, would WW1 again."
76561198092534377,Recommended,242860,27880402,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mav625,"You know Battlefield 1? This is nothing like that.It's historically accurate while still a good game. Most soldiers have bolt action rifles, semiautomatic rifles are rare, generally at most one shoulder-firing machine gun per game. There is no health bar, just the screen going grey or red the closer you are to death. A good rifle shot is death, a few machine gun shots is death, two pistol hits is death. Hitting anyone from the hip is nigh impossible. You will ragequit, you will die many, many times without firing a shot.Recommended for people who like historical accuracy in their games. It has a great community at least, so that's nice for everyone."
76561198087290322,Recommended,242860,27816997,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Candyman,This is an amazing game. BUY IT NOW !
,Recommended,242860,27753876,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ApocolypticBob,"An amazing WW1 game, hands down the best and the bigger the community gets the better the game gets. 19/14"
76561198136634919,Recommended,242860,27757515,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,German Jesus,Nothing is like a game that is fun and with a community that isn't trash
76561198035500593,Recommended,242860,27783862,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KEGEL,"At 1st it seems a senseless butchering without tactics, but after playing a couple of hours and getting to know the different roles you play in a squad you will found out that beside numbers, tactics is very important. Time flies while dodging grenades, enemy fire, mortars and artillery."
,Recommended,242860,27863726,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Trsnaqe,scheisse ! das ist sehr gut. (buy it im not german :P)
,Recommended,242860,26079735,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,x3r0s1x,This game is great! Its super realistic so its not for the faint of heart! Its a difficult struggel that is really satisfiying!All the weapons are really accurate witch is a must for people learning about the Great War!I really like the render distance and the sounds.People really need to play this game a little more!
,Recommended,242860,23088342,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SickNarwhal,This game is great fun. Absolutley brilliant.
,Recommended,242860,33138806,Posted: 2 July,all,F!zZf3W,mostly 1 shot kill with rifles just make sure u aim well and cooperative with team. overall game play is good wave and trenches combat in ww1 price not so high. thsi game is ok
76561198056686498,Recommended,242860,33135850,Posted: 2 July,all,-<SIMPLY>-,"Great game, it is very immersive experience and kinda realistic (1 shot 1 kill with most weapons). Community is great.Overall a great buy (even better deal when on sales).Only thing i dont like is the way of animations which could have been handled better imo, but i ain´t no developer to judge.9/10"
,Recommended,242860,33116078,Posted: 1 July,all,jelly,100/10 ♥♥♥♥ing great game cant wait for the russian one
76561198165283544,Recommended,242860,33110677,Posted: 1 July,all,QuirkyDoctor,This game is amazing and very accurate to WW1 battlefields. The developers should add Airplane combat to the game. 11/10
76561198199111813,Recommended,242860,33200598,Posted: 3 July,all,transcendent guy,You get exp for retreating .19/14 would play French again :D
76561198095920538,Recommended,242860,33227083,Posted: 4 July,all,Pikachu,"very good game,if you're like me who dosnt like call of duty becuase of it being un realistic then this is  a good game for you, there a still a few bugs here and there but not that many and there working on getting them fixxed as quick as they can over all it is a very good game!"
76561198025577096,Recommended,242860,16016878,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ne Obliviscaris,"Immersive, historically accurate gameplay with a clear sense of direction and the importance of tactical units."
,Recommended,242860,16017010,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,jistr,good
76561198033376448,Recommended,242860,16017599,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ogbert Snort,"If there were more games like this one, I would have no money."
76561198197837977,Recommended,242860,16018319,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Quincythebadger,This game is amazing its realistic and as one of the few WWI games i definitely recommend this game
,Recommended,242860,16006220,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Der Alte Fritz,Odi et amo.
76561197977260302,Recommended,242860,11455754,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Wibble the Obscure,This is essentially Red Orchestra 2 in WW1.It 'feels' like WW1 and the mechanics are quite different to most FPS.It is an excellent and clear example of Early Access games done right.
76561198219870820,Recommended,242860,16007941,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Easy2Frag,Very Fun but Challenging game
76561198041366429,Recommended,242860,16007996,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Arthur J Ironclad,"Fantastic game this, although it's difficult to adjust to the games controls after spending years with TF2 & CSGO it's a fantastic game & I love playing it, five stars."
76561198104204234,Recommended,242860,16008895,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,boshmi,"Spawned in first game4 kills 30 deaths3 matches later32 kills 3 deaths11/10 would drastically improve again.In all seriousness, Verdun is a *very* historically accurate game, it's very good fun, and good for ww1 lovers of all sorts.Number 1 rule: CoD skills don't work here. Here, you need to deal with jamming guns, not closing the bolt, mortars, bullet ballistics, and general trench warfare. You need to follow the orders you are given, such as defending the trench, or going up into noman's land. Also 360 noscopes don't work."
76561198065781805,Recommended,242860,16010270,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TurnDown4Wotsits,"Solid, WW1 FPS experience, well designed and extremely fun to play. The only things I would like to see are, more gore and possibly a winter/eastern Russian front which would be great to play. Teamwork in this game is vital so if you're looking for a more strategy/cooperative game this is it."
,Not Recommended,242860,18625125,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,MunchkinSlayer,"The game itself might be good, but it is unplayable. Constant stutters and an average FPS of 20 with GTX 960 on minimum graphics. Hope I can get a refund."
76561198046952033,Recommended,242860,18888016,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Zozar (Necron lord),♥♥♥♥ YES
76561198241206028,Recommended,242860,18884073,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Slinx,Its superentretaining all do it could use some upgrades! awesome game totally worth it! i'd love to have some more players joining the trench!!
76561198252704736,Recommended,242860,18903381,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ETERNAL CRUSADER,"This game is sick. It's trench warfare. Uniforms, equipment, etc. are accurate. The detail of the maps, no mans land, and the trenches are all very impressive."
,Recommended,242860,18830118,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Zalez_The_Derp,10\10 enjoyed running the fields with artillery behind exploding.
76561198114711165,Recommended,242860,18921988,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,John R,10/10 IGN needs a campaign though
76561198172831847,Recommended,242860,18922009,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,albertyeh199909,"Authentic gear and uniform,realistic objectives. And always fun to play. Though rifle accuracy is weird at close range."
,Recommended,242860,29105970,Posted: 7 January,all,Lovely Duwang,This game gave me trench foot10/10
,Recommended,242860,25230145,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,filipe torres,just buy it !
76561198302401515,Recommended,242860,28852150,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pennywise,"I bought it while on sale and was not disappointed, great game just like eating children."
76561198144343897,Recommended,242860,28910698,Posted: 1 January,all,KingOvHell,"Good game, does not feel ""arcade"" like COD and Battlefield."
76561198205215979,Recommended,242860,28745319,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Saffer,One of the best WW1 games out there.- Wide assortment of authentic weapons- Trench combat- Team focused gameplay
,Recommended,242860,28743707,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rosa Luxemburg,"It sure is a good game for people who want to experience WW1.I cant play it though; too frustrating for me.Educational in this aspect, I know now how bad war is."
76561198117420149,Recommended,242860,28758108,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tomigun50,BEST GAME EVER YE IT HEAVE GLITCHES BUT ITS BEST
76561198063711806,Recommended,242860,28762446,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cronware™,Very realistic and detailed.Good mechanics too.
,Recommended,242860,28762633,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Juniorslothsix,"Awesome game, feels like it needs a bayonet charge like battlefield 1 and omg please make it so if you are playing as a corporal please give us like body armor or something that makes us a two hit kill.10/10 would never be corporal again. ;)"
76561198039591584,Recommended,242860,28875543,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AlexJB,"Attack - you run across No Man's Land, dive into holes, get caught in barbed wire,  and get shot, if you get out of the trench alive.Defence - you stand on ladders or go prone on mounds and get shot, if you don't get killed by bromide gas or mortars first.Basically, you die a lot, and you rarely know where from, so it's realistic.If you like dying within five seconds of leaving and/or spawning in a trench and watching your teammates who somehow survived everything, this is the game for you.10/10 would participate in the First World War again."
76561198323531440,Recommended,242860,28888911,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Killer Memestar,"love this game, besides the constant artillery it was worth the money and recommend it to anyone who wants a game that is not like COD"
,Recommended,242860,28887964,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,UltraMadBoomer,"is this bf1? 11/10Honestly, it is an amazing ww1 game with so much realism packed into it. I cannot express enough how amazing this game is. BUY IT."
76561198212093933,Recommended,242860,28883232,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Agent Florida,Loved it!
76561198092478570,Recommended,242860,28894038,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ballisticpeanut,This is a really good game.
,Recommended,242860,28855900,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,tbclee,A very good game. Recommend for history geeks like myself to experience the horrors of the trench warfare
76561198182478207,Recommended,242860,28882635,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,maibigbutt,i just bougth the game and im still kinda of  a noob but besides that its a preety cool game and the only things i dont like is that the portuguese version as a lot of errors and that theres basicly no maps and that you cant see the amount of hp you have but is still a very good game
,Recommended,242860,28882000,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,portal2trollin,"Fight the war to end all wars as your entire squad is mowed down by a non-strategically placed machine gun, and then that guy is blown up by a grenade that someone else just tossed randomly. Being a cog in the machine has never been so much fun!"
,Recommended,242860,28817995,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Percival,"Slightly less enjoyable if your computer isn't amazing. You'd have to lower graphics settings, and that's never fun.Other than that, the game itself is fantastic. 10/10, would get SLAUGHTERED again."
76561198209169684,Recommended,242860,23204627,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mошенника,"I love this game! I also think that this is by far the best ww1 game out there, If I were you I would get this because it is worth it and you will have fun!"
76561198127471522,Recommended,242860,28920026,Posted: 1 January,all,Edepman,this game is awesome
76561198022658507,Recommended,242860,29705058,Posted: 4 February,all,Lisk00u,Istuin samassa poterossa puoli tuntia. 5/5
76561198019408069,Recommended,242860,33157946,Posted: 2 July,all,Frank Abovewood,"A good shooter that moves away from the typical ones that run our days. It requires patience and sometimes does not offer the greatest gaming experience (for example when you respawn and get instantdeath). Even so, it may give you the feeling that you are in the trench, that you defend or attack a position and there will be no mercy for traitors!I recommend this game for those who are looking for something different, even if it's not on sale.Ps: watch out for the wire"
76561198158911545,Recommended,242860,33164231,Posted: 2 July,all,Ghand CSGetto.comCSGO-SKINS.COM,"The most realistic ww1 game i ever saw, if you like trenches and like a old rifle in 10s style, that game is for your"
76561198197622528,Recommended,242860,29993660,Posted: 17 February,all,Straight Outta Hobbitton,"There was a point in this game where I realized, ""I'm so bad at this game. Why am I still playing?!?"". That was at about 40 hours. I still suck. Draw your own conclusions."
76561198178251118,Recommended,242860,33180609,Posted: 3 July,all,SmileJ,This game is so fantastic.Good graphics.
,Recommended,242860,33199796,Posted: 3 July,all,RandySavageTulpa,"Really liking Verdun. For half the match it is slow paced and requires carefully patrolling trenches, and then the other half is dodging mortars, grabbing a gas mask and bayonetting filthy emperials when your rifle isn't cycling fast enough.Trenches are tight so grenades hold a lot more weight, and teamwork is rewarded so it feels satisfying.If you are smart and learn to use the in and outs of the trenches to its fullest potential you can get crazy kills. Remember that you can climb out of the trenches and try sniping from the surface, but that has it's own strategy as well, it's like getting two layers of gameplay for the trenches and the surface."
,Recommended,242860,33211957,Posted: 3 July,all,Kruczek,"I have wanted a WWI FPS for years and this definitely lives up to all my expectations. It takes a few rounds to get oriented to the objective matches, but this is a solid game!"
,Recommended,242860,33277592,Posted: 5 July,all,OG Dicky ;*,"Very underrated game, realistic and fun to play.  The graphics arent the best, but pretty descent..                                          in my oppinion, one of the best fps games i have played."
,Recommended,242860,33263684,Posted: 5 July,all,Chillax,Rly nice WW shooter. I like how smooth it works. 9/10
,Recommended,242860,33244774,Posted: 4 July,all,Zükmit,The best WW1 Game !!! EVER
,Recommended,242860,33302869,Posted: 6 July,all,V.O.,Wasn't expecting to got f***ed by a barb wire for several times.10/10 for dying because of barb wire.
,Recommended,242860,33337737,Posted: 7 July,all,Hamster6802,Had me crying in a corner after i killed an player with a flamethrower and and the character was crying and screaming as he was burning.10/10 PTSD simulator
,Recommended,242860,33335899,Posted: 7 July,all,Amado,"The gore and it's very realistic gameplay, beats any arcade ww1 shooter."
76561198164325434,Recommended,242860,25710316,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,swatcopper2,Excellent game.
76561197960926169,Recommended,242860,29566367,Posted: 29 January,all,Zamion,"This is an first look-initial impression only. The isn't an in-depth analysis of the gameplay.Good:Gameplay is engaging. The true-to-history trench style warfare is brutal and fun. Well, if you call, poking your head up over the parapet and getting it blown off, fun. Which I do think that's fun. Another reviewer pointed this out and I can confirm, that this game makes all the fighting over meters of ground feel pointless. The screams of my teammates that dragged on and on after game ""death"" filled me with despair which added to the realism.Bad:UI is rough and not very intuitive. The problem for the developers is that the upgrade/rank up system is complex. However, the UI kind vomits it on the user. My biggest issue was the UI and the explanation of the upgrade system.The weapon sound effects need some updates. Specifically, my rank 2 machine gun sounded like a pistol on repeat.My overall opinion:History buffs and realism proponents, like me, will love this game. If you want a late model realistic WW1 shooter this is it.  It's definitely not worth the $25 I paid for it, simply because of the lack of polish, sound effects, and seizure-like animations. I have seen free mods of similar quality for HL2. It's almost there though. I feel like with some more revisions and TLC this game could be a bargain at $25."
76561198006034509,Recommended,242860,29565184,Posted: 29 January,all,WonderboyW,"Best WW1 game i know to date, maybe even on the top list of my war games, right there with bf1 and mw2"
76561198221796960,Recommended,242860,17063268,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,@Mashpotatat,This game is very good and is very accurate with world war 1........
76561198022621720,Recommended,242860,29568279,Posted: 29 January,all,Berteran,"well this seems a lot of fun, not the conventional ww2 or modern shooter, trench warfare is... interesting good game!"
76561198064154493,Recommended,242860,22097185,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Patthebaker,stop reading the damn reviews and play the game!!!!
76561198264572416,Recommended,242860,29552742,Posted: 28 January,all,Ser Gaming YT,Great game!!!
,Recommended,242860,29554026,Posted: 28 January,all,Panadium,"I love this game - if you buy it and are new to playing it bear in mind there is a little bit of a learning curve. Don't be discouraged if you're not amazing at it, it's nothing like games like Call of Duty.The only downside to this game is that I now have PTSD from all the trench warfare."
76561198041659948,Recommended,242860,23988171,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Viago,"THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC!got this game half price on the steam summer sale and i can say it was worth every penny!incredibly immersive and compleatly original, i couldnt praise this game enough!BUY NOW!"
76561198055276057,Recommended,242860,29311817,Posted: 16 January,all,Professor McNinja,"This may be compared to another WWI game, that shouldn't even be mentioned. This is realistic and much more fun for anyone who has a more historically geared interest in games. Very realistic and fun, and not a welcoming environment to the younger fellows who plague modern games."
76561198277161055,Recommended,242860,29309515,Posted: 16 January,all,Dr. Jan Itor,Beautiful game in and out.More realistic than other FPS Multiplayer games.Challenging and fun.Edgy players.Very graphic and disturbing to some extent.Captures the essence of what tench warfare was.
76561198121387386,Recommended,242860,29302321,Posted: 16 January,all,nedyahlz,Amazing. If you want Trench Warfare this is it.
76561198127346716,Recommended,242860,29122789,Posted: 8 January,all,DOA_FapNation,Game is very fun love it had it for about a year or two and I fell In love with it
76561198055994602,Recommended,242860,29349618,Posted: 18 January,all,PwnedViaNerd,"if you have listened to Dan Carlin's Blueprint for Armageddon, you will seriously enjoy this game"
,Recommended,242860,29405164,Posted: 21 January,all,Battle Brother,This game is a lot of fun. I enjoy it more than Battlefield now. It's very atmospheric and the gun handling is great. My favourite mode is the 'survival' 4 player mode. If you like fps games and want something a bit different from the norm then it's a good choice.
,Recommended,242860,29408392,Posted: 21 January,all,Coldsnort,Only realistic WW1 game I've had the pleasure of playing.+Performs VERY well+High lethality+Excellent map variety+Many period-accurate guns-slightly confusing progression9/10 would storm trenches again.
76561198188468147,Recommended,242860,29378326,Posted: 20 January,all,Roo621,"A realistic, yet still fun take on WW1. Truly brings you to how much that war sucked when you get hit for popping your head up a couple of seconds."
,Recommended,242860,29390392,Posted: 20 January,all,Nextron34,Verdun is one of the most unique shooters i've ever played (coming from previous experiance with Triple A shooters). My favorite part has to be the antention to detail on nearly everything especialy the firearms including the awful sights that most guns had back then (the price you pay for historical accuracy). I cant recommend this game more especially if you're into WW1 or History games in general.
76561198109596841,Recommended,242860,33439777,Posted: 10 July,all,DragonSoldier,First time playing this game Saturday and I had a lot of fun. Very realistic and so much better game play than BattleField 1.
76561198117819939,Recommended,242860,33279355,Posted: 5 July,all,Skans,"My NCO must be hitler, seeing how he always sends me and the rest of the squad charging into enemy fire, and gasses our positions."
,Recommended,242860,33507337,Posted: 13 July,all,arvid905,"Its a great came but it can be improved alot, so if you want this sort of games I recommend Red Orchestra"
,Recommended,242860,33532525,Posted: 14 July,all,Metal 4 Life,Better than BF1
,Recommended,242860,33524969,Posted: 13 July,all,schultzknowsnothing,"As a historian, I find it hard to match authenticity and compelling gameplay without losing FPS fans, but the Verdun team has blown it out of the water as far a authenticity and fun.  12/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,242860,33525139,Posted: 13 July,all,Imperialcheese,"Really good game, just needs more players."
76561198144431150,Recommended,242860,33530283,Posted: 14 July,all,Lil Croissant,nice snipers
76561198011002689,Recommended,242860,33500784,Posted: 13 July,all,Zander Black,This is the kind of game that makes me want to make tea and punch German people. 10/10
76561198144286382,Recommended,242860,30991060,Posted: 6 April,all,saga910,Bruh get this game
,Recommended,242860,29047956,Posted: 5 January,all,TheLegend27,"Nice WW1 experience. You fight in trench-warfare, and it is a fun game."
,Recommended,242860,29123211,Posted: 8 January,all,Lil Pump,this is amazing realistic better than bf1
76561198093802291,Recommended,242860,29179265,Posted: 11 January,all,rcr2879,I have had this game for awhile now and still pay it.
,Not Recommended,242860,24836007,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,i pasol spati 228,"Just to clarify..The game is not recommended for those who want to have a realistic experience, because it's not realistic at all.It feels like Early access. The hitboxes are sh*t, the cover seems pointless because you are going to get shot anyway, the recoil feels terrible, the engine is cluncky, to go up a single step you have to jump and expose yourself to the entire enemy team. there are many more minor and major bugs that need to get fixed immediately. I honestly don't know if I want to keep playing this game unless they want to fix it,I had a pretty good progress with my game, until I had to reinstall the game and find out about a ""bug"" that deletes your entire game progress.The game seems like a failed potential. This obviously has one of the most original gamemodes (Frontlines) I have played in FPS but everything else about it just seems so failed.So no I do not recommend this game. Unless you can ignore everything that I just said and enjoy the anyway."
76561197986319743,Recommended,242860,29173123,Posted: 10 January,all,Spinoza,"In my opinion is Red Orchestra in WW1. Only a little less polyshed, but very fun and solid gameplay. If you like realistic mp shooters, specially historical ones (like RO) this is a good choice. Historical weapons, units, and combat are well recreated. Unlike Battlefield 1 this one really has a true WW1 feeling.  Totally recommended if you like this kind of games."
76561198259483970,Recommended,242860,29187176,Posted: 11 January,all,ONCLE BEN,This is a very good war simulation game. His price is justified. Congratulations to the developper
76561198067785042,Recommended,242860,28783536,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GrandMasta Zero,"Great game hours of fun, will take Verdun over Battle Field 1 anyday and i own both games. Minor bugs but mostly really enjoyed it!!!! And this game has a small community and i dont understand why"
76561198265098022,Recommended,242860,28778257,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,imabeast3380,"You want a realistic and trencj based game with no automatic guns(this game has SOME) like BF1 and only trench and bolt action standard issue rifles from French, German, and British aries to name a few, this is your game."
76561198136939493,Recommended,242860,28798158,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Superdude,This game has one of the best concept that i ever seen but it lack polish and player base is so small. That is why i am refunding it. Oh the irony.
,Recommended,242860,29132604,Posted: 8 January,all,Tactical Hot Dog,"Seemingly realistic WWI Shooter.  Bolt action, trench warfare.  Gritty, deadly and unforgiving of mistakes."
76561198094371212,Recommended,242860,29092949,Posted: 7 January,all,Aberts10,"Fun. But its probably better with a couple of friends. And defintely more fun when you have alot of people in the game your in... Sometimes people quit the map your in and it comes down to just you and one guy, And its not that much fun at that point."
,Recommended,242860,29090936,Posted: 7 January,all,Nice Guy Eddie,"Verdun is great. The mechanics of where and when you spawn put you on edge constantly, coupled with the bleak atmosphere and realistic period weapons. Then you glance at the chat which is exploding with historical jokes and hilarious observations about the current battle. Verdun is like yin and yang. The visuals can upset your eyes, I suggest turning off bloom and dof and boosting everything else to max for smooth shootan.I bought this game on a whim when I was drunk and my first few matches where enjoyable enough to never pick the game up again and still feel like I got my money's worth. The game dances between utter hopeless frustration and the feeling of being the maginot line's own trench warfare diety. Clearly it attracts a niche history buff type gamer culture, akin to Paradox strategy games, which is good because they're the best kind to enjoy a shooter with.This ain't no Battlefield 1, this game keeps it real and I love it for that. The moments on defense will legit make you terrified to even peek out of the trench, but when that god-forsaken whistle blows you can bet your♥♥♥♥♥you'll be up and charging at those doughboy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s like the cannon fodder you are.My only regret is that I haven't been able to find the time to really get into the game as much as I want, but even still it's great to pick up and play a few rounds whenever you can. I can't reccomend it enough."
,Recommended,242860,23809459,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,[KotCP] Reverse,"Fantastic shooter and WWI game, but not particularly historically accurate. The guns and uniforms are correct as far as I can tell, but quite a few of the maps have some intense anochracies, like the Marne having huge amounts of Renault FT-17 tanks spread about, and pickelhaubes being alongside Mark Vs.That being said, it's a fantastic game with (generally) a good community. Highly reccomended."
76561198050170869,Recommended,242860,29126461,Posted: 8 January,all,Aarny,"Honestly, it's pretty hard to get into this game in the beginning. No tutorial, no 'First match against the same rank to get you accustomed' kind of thing, you just get a rifle and off you go shoot some bad guys, or more likely get mown down by their MG's. But once you get to know the game, find your way around the trenches and no man's land, get used to the game mechanics and your class, it becomes an amazing and immersive experience in which teamplay actually matters. And when you get to know how to play as NCO, it's even more fun. Leading your own squad, sending mortar/gas strikes. Just be ready to lose sometimes and die a lot. Also, don't expect run and gun to work. And PLEASE, don't just stay back in your own trench to snipe during an attack. You don't win this game just by killing people. If you follow orders, you'll do better and your team will probably like you more.So, is this a hard game? YesCan it be frustrating at times? YesDo I reccomend ya'll to play this game? Hell yes."
76561198305983815,Recommended,242860,29127043,Posted: 8 January,all,Starkiller2498,Very good game
,Recommended,242860,29984845,Posted: 17 February,all,sv,Very good game!
,Recommended,242860,30020080,Posted: 18 February,all,BETRAYER,real♥♥♥♥♥
76561198202165760,Recommended,242860,30020282,Posted: 18 February,all,Kriegsmarine Machine,Great game and all but seems to get buggy after every update
76561198116837955,Recommended,242860,29991007,Posted: 17 February,all,your_bitch,"Love the trench warfare. I'm not the biggest fan of the Graphics, but other than that i love the game!"
76561198069081814,Recommended,242860,29666840,Posted: 3 February,all,DEADMEMESUPREME,Simply Fantastic
,Recommended,242860,29659229,Posted: 2 February,all,Yikes,"I love the atmosphere and realism of the game. There are a few glitches like floating bodies, or glitchy corpses, but other than that, I definitely recommend buying it if you're into large scale multiplayer battles. I do hope they add some kind of campaign or single player element to it in the next update. 9/10"
76561198055314927,Recommended,242860,29659404,Posted: 2 February,all,Gamers of All Ages,Game is really fun I love the World War 1 setting and if you like trench warfare and shooting Germans as a French soldier screaming DIE SHI*!!!!
,Recommended,242860,29695980,Posted: 4 February,all,RobRibRab,"A brilliant, realistic WW1 game, that is definetly worth the price. I recommend you get used to similar shooters first though, as it is definetly not noob-friendly."
76561198165410805,Recommended,242860,29694434,Posted: 4 February,all,Raidhfil,This game is awesome. I love it. It´s bloody realistic and all. I would welcome a bagpiper to the new Highlander squad though...
76561198028678132,Recommended,242860,29683183,Posted: 3 February,all,uboat57,"Fantastic game.  No, it does not have as many toys as Battlefield 1, but it makes up for it in its userbase, realism, and true gameplay."
76561198307626342,Recommended,242860,29597451,Posted: 30 January,all,Sheepy,gg
,Recommended,242860,5003832,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Brodur,"Fantastic in  my humble opinion, realistic rifle kills (one shot in most vital areas) with a pleasing vareity of weapons. To top that off, most players are very team focoused."
76561198103485918,Recommended,242860,31022276,Posted: 8 April,all,Uku pls,Far more realistic and historically accurate than Battlefield 1. Would pick it any time over BF1 again
,Recommended,242860,29888501,Posted: 12 February,all,Страх,"I'm very impressed. This game is an excellent WW1 ""Insurgency/Day of Infamy"" style shooter. 1 shot kills where the vast majority of soldiers have bolt-action rifles and not submachine guns, actual trench warfare (unlike BF1), and great attention to detail.The game has a great balance between patient progression from trench to trench, as well as intense firefights, and that intense anxiety of not knowing what's around the corner. I was hooked from the first game, and I haven't been able to put it down. The graphics are amazing, and the game still runs smoothly. I'm not well-versed in WW1 history, but it seems a lot more period accurate when compared with BF1, as well as being far more realistic than BF1My only complaints are simply that as early access it still has a long way to go. I would still purchase it in it's current form, as the game has a lot of promise when it is finished. The weapon sounds are underwhelming, the character movements are extremely awkward (especially the ragdoll physics after being shot), and the UI still looks primitive. But I'm confident this will be looking great in th next year or two when they finished polishing the title and giv eit its final form."
,Recommended,242860,29890624,Posted: 12 February,all,MiniMagus,"If you like Battlefield 1 but are looking for a more realistic WW1 first person shooter, this is it. The trench warfare is intense and trying to cross no-mans land is a lot of fun. Definitely recommend this game."
76561198146319413,Recommended,242860,29838544,Posted: 10 February,all,nut on but,"This game is really fun just all the armys have really no difference apart from weapons and the squad leader abilities, the games community is dead so the games price need reduced alot ot made free to play, apart from that its best to play with friends during the day cause thats when there is actually people playing the game!"
,Recommended,242860,29849724,Posted: 11 February,all,Sushi,"This game is insanly difficult and frustrating in the beginning, i even refunded the game once because i didnt like it. But after you kinda ge the hang of it, it gets pretty fun even though Im still dying every single time"
76561198110490513,Recommended,242860,29880945,Posted: 12 February,all,Elbow Presley,"Pretty great, only problems:-It's very common to get in a server that's a 2v6 or something like that.-Not many players-Hitscan"
,Recommended,242860,29886154,Posted: 12 February,all,Salty Crackers | CSGO,"By playing this game, I realized if you fought and survived this war, you are actually a legend."
76561198048070028,Recommended,242860,29910750,Posted: 13 February,all,Insanity_Trials,Just enough players still playing to keep the game alive. The best WW1 game that exists.
76561198143274477,Recommended,242860,29768498,Posted: 7 February,all,zetor,"I really recommend this game, if you haven't played this it's really worth the try. Also it's very hard at the beginning but the game will reward you in the end. In the beginning you die a lot and almost never get kills but later on when you reach a few levels higher you will really start to enjoy the game and get some kills."
,Recommended,242860,29769234,Posted: 7 February,all,Dawnst,The Trenchgun is a warcrime reeeeeeeee ~ last words of Otto Fuchs
76561198022725657,Recommended,242860,20735105,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Alamo's spicy dipping sauce,"not pay to win, fun, good graphics, histoicaly acuurate props,I actully love this game more than anyother fps multiplayer. cant wait to see what they will add next, german is a bit op but not to a drastic extentEdit: its still fun but the servers seem deserted"
76561198007928907,Recommended,242860,29676575,Posted: 3 February,all,Damor,A very enjoyable game that encourages tactics and thinking before sprinting into enemy fire.
,Recommended,242860,29641569,Posted: 1 February,all,Wayne Campbell,Is good game
76561198058370868,Recommended,242860,29649725,Posted: 2 February,all,19th Gandalf,A really good ww1 shooter.
76561198009052151,Recommended,242860,29592205,Posted: 30 January,all,Joey,"Verdun is awesome. The sounds, the graphics the shooting! If you like a shooter, with some strategic involvement, this is your Game!"
,Recommended,242860,29638531,Posted: 1 February,all,Ian Smith,A nice mix between fun and realism in a WWI first person shooter. Very much recommend.
,Recommended,242860,29610175,Posted: 31 January,all,A Glacial Pace,Definitely recommend this game. Not like a lot of other FPS games. Very realistic.
,Recommended,242860,29611068,Posted: 31 January,all,Cuddlesworth,"Very thrilling running at the enemy's trench. Never enjoyed dying so much. The constant wails from fallen players really helps justify why you should not poke your head up in the exact same spot that you did last time. There are lots of different armies to choose from like the Doughboys, the Devil dogs, the Tommy's and the many different German outfits that I have forgotten the names of. If you don't enjoy a game that you are going to die in, then this definitely is not the game for you. If you don't want to buy the game full price, just wait until Christmas rolls around, you can get it for half the price and if I remember correctly, the devs donate money to charity."
76561198041035250,Recommended,242860,29644368,Posted: 2 February,all,KonradVonHotzendorfaliciousness,"This is not Battlefield1 and that's a good thing! This is not so much a FPS as it is a SIMULATION of WWI trench combat. This is one fo those titles that can at first be very frustrating (ARMA?), but once learned is very rewarding. Hopefull it's fanbase continues to grow as it's further and further developed."
76561198156106205,Recommended,242860,29822961,Posted: 10 February,all,RoAwesomeFace,"Very few games manage to be so realistic, yet so fun at the same time. Verdun is one of them.The games gives you so many options in regards to tactics and ways of carrying out your fixed objective.No weapon or loadout is truly useless. Everything has its place, from the sniper and generic assault to the machine gunners and the gas attacks.Speaking of gas attacks,Verdun is incredibly atmospheric.This game is scarier than alot of horrors games that I've seen. The feeling of hopelessness and shock that come from being inside a gas cloud with incredibly limited vision or from being alone in a trench next to your dead teammates while mortars are landing near you is truly stunning.The community of this game is nicer than others, too.I never tought for a second that someone will insult me in chat for not doing something that they wanted me to do. This is likely because the game actively encourages teamwork through its mechanics. Each team is comprised of squads thet have four players each. The leader (NCO) of the squad can give commands and provide boosts for his subordinates if they stand within his aura. Being a good NCO is a daunting, but rewarding task.Each squad has its own historically accurate weapons.They are very similar, but they do have subtle differences and the different squads carry out different roles in combat. The Canadians, for example can carry out gas attacks, while the Poilus are a very versatile infantry squad.Gamemodes.The main Trench Warfare gamemode is brilliant and easily the most fun in the game. The Free-for-all deathmatch is alright. It's good for testing out rifles and pistols, but that's about it. Team deathmatch is very chaotic, but it is good when you don't feel like employing tactics. Co-Op is good for training.I have occasionally seen french troops deploying the highly advanced tactic oflag, butthe game runs smoothly for the most part.There are a few glitches, but nothing truly game-breaking.In conclusion,Verdun is a good game for those who prefer slower first person shooters. It is the most realistic (and, to some, best) WW1 shooter out there on the market."
76561198061291590,Recommended,242860,29838921,Posted: 10 February,all,Talanoa,A very underrated and extremly fun game. Deffinitly worth the 20$
,Recommended,242860,29838984,Posted: 10 February,all,DraculaJr.,"good game, very fun"
,Recommended,242860,29847404,Posted: 11 February,all,B.C.H.,Good
,Recommended,242860,29861991,Posted: 11 February,all,Yung-hung-boi,One of the best historical shooters out there!Viva la france!!!!
76561198092976449,Not Recommended,242860,29707490,Posted: 4 February,all,LoliDesuXD,"This game was extremely promising as being the one of the only WWI shooters around in the beginning. I've noticed that the developers are just amazingly lazy and poor at their jobs. Every update seems to bring more problems while not fixing much of anything. a few months ago, I started playing again there was a cool feature of scopes on guns being invisible. This was ""fixed"" and scopes still had issues. After coming back more recently they seem to have tanked performance to around half of the fps I was used to. Good game terrible devs. Don't know if the party system is still broken or not since none of my friends who I used to play this with still play. Simple things like only being able to see certain atributes of different squads are only available in different screens. The squad EXP system is absolute cancer. You only rank up your squad when your with the same exact people. This also has the effect of constant mortar fire from the few level 100 squads out there-dominating the battlefield. The UI is also still terrible and clumsy.>inb4 small indie dev teamThis game has been out for far too long to still have issues."
76561197978318562,Recommended,242860,29859944,Posted: 11 February,all,=TBU=n@t@s,Amazing game !!!
76561198159689106,Recommended,242860,29854423,Posted: 11 February,all,TheVirginKing,This game helped me pass my world history final10/10 would play video games instead of studying again
76561198146329335,Recommended,242860,29854461,Posted: 11 February,all,Garry com hom,very good game had it since beta and it has grown so much since then and I'm glad I got it  I recommend it to anybody that like ww1 realistic games 10/10 would buy game again.
76561197984726817,Recommended,242860,29877542,Posted: 12 February,all,chewie1983,"Great first person shooter, mostly with 1 shot kills like it should be with all the powerful ww1 bolt action rifles. Verdun has loads of weapons from that time period."
76561198036108193,Recommended,242860,29875794,Posted: 12 February,all,pappymac,"wow...close call for me on this one....excellent graphics and maps...good theme.....game seems to have a large number of good fair minded players...hardly any of the A-hole jerks you run into now and then in other games.....on the down side is the shooting action seem to be a little on the clunky side and not very smooth.....the sequence of battle with test your patience to the max....and there's just not enough soldiers on the battlefield.....the developers have created a side match defending a trench against bots and i find it a good game but untill they bump the regular game up to more than 32players by adding the bots into all matches it just doesn't seem like WWI.....overall ,on 1-10 scale,i'd give it a 6,an tell everyone to jump at it if it goes onsale....the more the better"
76561198273427671,Recommended,242860,29931243,Posted: 14 February,all,Dixonbutz,Amazing game. Classic tactical shooter - not for COD of BF1 cry-babies.Combine with some The Great War or Dan Carlin podcasts for full effect. Not always full matches on all of the maps but you can always find a good game - and the developers are constantly making update to keep the game running.My one complaint is that a when clans/players really dominate matches making it pretty obnoxius when 4 leveled up squads are dropping level 100 artillery on you. But you can alleviate that by getting good.Anways I would highly recommend this game - even at full price.
76561198066983814,Recommended,242860,32141238,Posted: 2 June,all,Uncle Skeet,"You really won't find anything like this on the market. A world war 1 tactical shooter where you have to capture or defend the bloody trenches on the western front of Europe. It's not for everyone and at first you will die a lot. But if you can get past that, Verdun is an immersive and tension filled shooter that should not be overlooked.Please buy it. It's worth it. The game could really use a boost in the player base. While there is a thriving community, it's a small community in comparison to other titles out there.Please buy it. Buy it now and I'll catch you in no man's land."
,Recommended,242860,32141496,Posted: 2 June,all,Leon,"It's a good game, it's not hard to get into it and once you've started understanding what's happening you can quickly find a way to play it that'll make you feel very pleased with it."
,Recommended,242860,32126487,Posted: 2 June,all,Sock,"I don't think my review will mean much with barely an hour into the game but disregarding that as a fan of realistic but easily playable games I must say Verdun is a pleasing game.- Squads are easy to find- There are secondary gamemodes such as TDM; DM for accuracy, squad coordination training- The atmosphere of the barren wastelands between the trenches is beautiful- Gunplay is utterly amazing, gotta love the one shot to the chest kills~However, I wanted to do something a little diffrent from other reviews beyond listing pros and cons of the game and I will simply provide you with a small snipet of what I would persume a soilder to have written home to family, or to be censored to buggary (Your choice there.):--Day 1 in the trenches:I was enlisted as a rifleman, standard stuff. Nothing special beyond my rifle; my gear, I'm pretty sure they'd had ripped this stuff from one of the dead soilders cause' it smelt rotten; was covered in blood;♥♥♥♥♥♥Once I got into the trenches, it was hell. You were forced into these little cubby holes waiting the orders to push or to reppel an attack, although It felt brilliant actually doing something for a greater good.I heard my NCO call out the orders to attack; was hesitant at first but the looming threat of exectution for treason kept me going, so I climed the ladder on the side of the trench and begun to sprint forwards ducking inbetween holes; tree stumps to avoid German MG; Rifle fire, It felt almost normal for the adreniline to rush through me as I continued to weave through cover.I was closing in on the German trench, I could see the grey hats bobbing up; down from the pale sea of brown; orange sandbags packed atop wooden planks, although the field went quiet once we got within feet of the trench; my squad and I shared concerned glances until one of us popped our head up to investigate to which their head was blown clean off their shoulders in a shower of blood.Then the whistiling of a shell crashing down between our squad broke our disturbed screams until I woke back up in our trench as if that push was all but a bad dream.--From all of this, I'd reccomend verdun; would say to get it in the sale or to taste test it while it's free!PS: Tottaly worth most of my steam inventory; a few refuned PD2 dlc's :D"
,Recommended,242860,32126387,Posted: 2 June,all,Weefee,Buy when on sale prob not worth full price. Too many bugs and early access feeling things. But fun with friends.
76561198237769926,Recommended,242860,32126425,Posted: 2 June,all,Dogma,"Really fun, Love the damage model. Since it is so easy to die, you really have to think strategically. A little buggy, but the devs offer a great interaction with the players to solve them. Attacking trenches is honestly, a little fustrating, but I don't see a solution that doesn't defeat the realism of this game. High skill cap, very skill based game. 8/10 would go over top again."
,Recommended,242860,32130605,Posted: 2 June,all,✪Peak,Good WW1 shooter just wish that it had smaller maps on any non team based mode
,Recommended,242860,32127643,Posted: 2 June,all,BurntCrops,This is what battlefield one should have beenremember to turn on gore in menu
76561198076004168,Recommended,242860,32127452,Posted: 2 June,all,d0vla,"It gives a very unique feeling i've never had in the past games. Love every aspect of it, also very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,242860,32127548,Posted: 2 June,all,Kaiser Kernnnnn,Great game. All guns are unique in there own way. for 7 bucks this is a steal.
,Recommended,242860,32128910,Posted: 2 June,all,RAJPUTANA@V P S R - 0 1,"Nice Game but need improvement in game mode and weapon bullet crack sounds, bullet ground hit and tree hit sounds and effects also body hit sounds. grenade explosion sound and effects. Last thing to do is improve terrain graphics at low setting and player movement."
,Recommended,242860,32137279,Posted: 2 June,all,Emperor Justinian I,good game
,Recommended,242860,24650283,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,KUANGYU,"Best WWII game ever, may be is a masterpiece."
76561198135079680,Recommended,242860,24458264,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The King in Yellow,"Ok, sooo...After experiencing Verdun for quite a few months by now (heck, what am I talking about, I got it since May 2015, that's two damn years ago!!!), I can see myself fit to write an, at least half-legible, poorly-translated-from-my-native-language, review about this fine work of entertainment.200 hours? In two years? Maybe a bit too little time - some may say - to give a full, in depth, description of the game's subtelties about why it is indeed a superior form of art. But, due to the nature of my work, I just couldn't invest more in it... bear with me please!On a positive note; well, this game has offered me something that I have not experienced in quite some years now – heck too many years to be honest - playing a FPS in which I am not bothered by extreme discrepancies between veteran players and fresh recruits; dare I call them like this; and a game that truthly encompasses what a shooter should feel like.There is no pay to win mentality, unlike most triple A shooters today (looking at you Crap of Duty). The community is almost overwhelmingly and annoyingly friendly; to be honest with you, I haven't met anyone hostile really, well at least not too hostile to be a hinderence (expect the average troll from time to time, ""for teh lulz"", you know...). But with all the humor aside, the players are cool people! You get this sense of - how to put it - community. It is a relaxed atmosphere (quite ironic considering what this game simulates), players are playing mostly for fun; yet that doesn't mean it lacks the sense of competition.It’s realistic – yes! ArmA like realistic – not quite. But truth be said if we were to make a 100% realistic WWI shooter, that would just mean creating a getting-mowed-down-by-machine-guns simulator 2017, and I guess nobody would really play that, would it now? It has balance in it, yet the balance is quite subtle. Don’t get me wrong machine guns will mow you down, but maybe not as often as you would expect.For most players that are out there and are tired of all these damn pieces of publicly appealing crap (ahem! again COD), Verdun might sound for a good alternative and believe me, it is. Honestly enough I am really glad that I decided to spend - what I vaguely remember as being - 10 Euros on that late May day, wanting to buy this game; it really feels it was worth it.Another strong point to this game is the setting; I mean, to this date, WWI hasn't got its proper FPS (yeah, yeah BF1, I know; but honestly do you want a somewhat legit representation of The War to End All Wars, or do you want Hollywood-style special effects?). I know that game developers see this historical period as something rather dull; truth is that this war was indeed a meat grinder. And, as the war was, expect to die in this game, and die a lot. Yet despite all this death and misery, you realise the true value of this game and the awesome work the devs have done. I mean they turned one of the saddest and most brutal chapters from the history of mankind into a quite exciting and – well, I say it now - authentic experience.Thus, if you feel it's worth a shot, try this game out; one may be pleasantly surprised by it.19/18 I would go over the top and die... again"
76561198361562455,Recommended,242860,32139966,Posted: 2 June,all,xxxthispotato420xxx,ggoooood gamee
,Recommended,242860,22027761,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Zenoxy ©,The community is hilarious and the game gets fequently updated.
76561198006250517,Recommended,242860,32072488,Posted: 30 May,all,*Area51*12Xu,This game is woth way more that $7
76561198080757711,Recommended,242860,24099842,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ethan Bradberry,This game is brutal and fantastic
76561198073913404,Recommended,242860,32074584,Posted: 30 May,all,Davion Shower-Handle,"Very historically accurate and very detailed. No tanks or planes (there are planes that fly over head, but not player opperated) focused on infantry, but they should at least add artillery (commanders can call artillery strikes and gas attacks, but i think a player controled (there are LMGs that player can carry)). The asking price is a little much, maybe $15 would better (I'm a little salty becuase i bought it for $25 a few days ago and now it's $7, RIP me). If you want an action packed WW1 shooter, get Battlefield 1, if you want a historically accurate WW1 shooter get, Verdun."
76561198048098140,Recommended,242860,32071031,Posted: 30 May,all,Emperor Palpatine,"Good game, great devs. Little buggy but get a full squad and it is fun to play."
76561198362417627,Recommended,242860,32077562,Posted: 30 May,all,ch4z3l52,Definitely recommend this game if you like bf1 but want more realistic gameplay. It can be very tough when you first start bc you get killed and can't see where you got killed from but once you start learning the maps a little bit you'll get better and have more fun
,Recommended,242860,29703051,Posted: 4 February,all,Shaq Attaq in Iraq,"Battlefield 1 destroys this game in terms of fun, replayability, and scale, but if it's realism you're looking for, look no futher than Verdun."
76561198101874029,Recommended,242860,29722638,Posted: 5 February,all,Tom Bombachill,"I really recommend this game, the visuals are stunning, the gameplay can be fast or slow (depending on which mode you pick) and there are many playable teams. Also the dev's are really good and they listen to community feedback.8/8 pretty great mate"
,Recommended,242860,29711845,Posted: 4 February,all,CGB Spender,By far one of my most favorite games of all time.
76561198136183560,Recommended,242860,29708943,Posted: 4 February,all,Gay = retro,"All in all, fun game. Interesting kind of gameplay. Compared to Battlefield 1, this game is more realistic as to what kind of warfare WW1 was. It stays true to historical battles and as well as the kind of weaponry they had. You always got to be faster than your opponent, otherwise worth your money. I would say at least a game to start for FPS but as you progress into this kind of environment, you might want to switch because it's not as like long hype."
,Recommended,242860,26876742,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Risky,"Don't listen to all the negative reviews, they all have 1 hour of gameplay or less and don't understand it's a small company making this game.Verdun is great and far superior of BF1. Learn to play it and it can be really fun"
76561198175335998,Recommended,242860,31073176,Posted: 10 April,all,Quality Buildw,Yes
76561198142566615,Recommended,242860,31072286,Posted: 10 April,all,Tökyo Jungle Boy,"Sometimes, I can still hear the whistles blow from the trenches....Seriously though, it's a pretty good game. While getting killed from an unknown player is a common occurrence, it adds to the realism that Verdun portrays of the War. Would definitely recommend if you're looking for a strategy-based FPS."
76561198259332268,Recommended,242860,31066902,Posted: 10 April,all,Twenty-Juan Savage,Great Game
,Recommended,242860,31066105,Posted: 10 April,all,Snomme,It's just the best World War I game. Community occasionally gets a lil cancer but it's good fun.
76561198009809150,Recommended,242860,31064355,Posted: 10 April,all,fats,yes.
,Recommended,242860,16575737,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TREACLED REMAINS,Didn't like it at first but then I started capping fools
,Recommended,242860,31107407,Posted: 12 April,all,Sir.Altmetall,"Verdun ... A shot A Kill ... Yeah that describes it really well. The game is hard and simulates super the trench battles of the past ... I had not been concerned about the game with the First World War and I can only recommend the game. I would however still want a small singleplayer with atmosphere, and Characters with which one can identify itself. I think that is the game still incredibly improve or expand._____________________________________________________________Verdun... A shot A Kill... Ja das beschreibt es echt gut. Das Spiel ist hart und simuliert super die Grabenkämpfe von damals... Ich hatte mich bevor ich mir das Spiel zulegte ausführlich mit dem Ersten Weltkrieg beschäftigt und kann das Spiel nur empfehlen. Ich würde mir jedoch noch einen kleinen Singleplayer wünschen mit Atmosphare, und Charkatern mit welchen man sich identifizieren kann. Ich denke das dies das Spiel noch unglaublich verbessern bzw erweitern würde."
76561198169709953,Recommended,242860,29022617,Posted: 4 January,all,petrovgabril,"Verdun is a very accurate and challenging game. If you are used to machine guns, and auto fire, this game for shure will test your bolt action skills. Funny, complete, good graphics, lots of servers and historical accuracy make this game a very good one.Very recommended game, a very good experience of WW1. Recommended at 100%."
,Recommended,242860,19042423,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Enlightened Royalist,"Its the time of game that at first when you have you sights right on a enemy, and you then miss, and then your like wtf I should've hit that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but all in all its a good game so yeah good day."
,Recommended,242860,29033129,Posted: 5 January,all,Reddayh,"Great game, good graphics and fairly neat gameplay. Needs a bit of development on texturing ie. losing textures on Enfield Rifles on the U.S. side and bodies on British troops. Overall recommended game"
76561198100373336,Recommended,242860,29028259,Posted: 4 January,all,ZeLuftwaffle,Best shooter I have ever played
76561198005892524,Recommended,242860,29025538,Posted: 4 January,all,Place_Holder,"the best, right now"
,Recommended,242860,29023720,Posted: 4 January,all,Jaahn,"""I died in hell - They called it Passchendaele"""
76561198001716327,Recommended,242860,22306695,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Vostok,With all my respect to DeVs.!Strongly unexpected>enraging experience of...warfeeling
76561198083760499,Recommended,242860,29009929,Posted: 4 January,all,Flyingbird,"Great fun! i've always wanted a game like this. and i got one, and it a GOOD one. 8/10"
,Recommended,242860,28961075,Posted: 2 January,all,ICEMAN,"This game is amazing. Not your run of the mill running and gunning game (unless you are a U.S marine in the trenches). The gun play is solid, but still some networking problems to be sorted out. Still, you should own this game. It's amazing."
76561198275808171,Recommended,242860,28957473,Posted: 2 January,all,NormalGrandpa,"Found it challenging at first, but turned out to be a fun game. Hang in there and capture the trenches!"
76561198259842082,Recommended,242860,28955117,Posted: 2 January,all,Kaiser Whilhelm II,BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED+historicly acurate+fun game modes+good comunity+great price during sales+great guns+good grahics-some people are not very nice. kinda reminds me of cod.... uhhh nasty comunity cod has. great game would recomednd for anyone loveing history or loveing time period100000000000000000/10 GREAT
76561198081765241,Recommended,242860,29013656,Posted: 4 January,all,AdmiralBacon,"This game is really good... for the right person, luckily I am that right person but most of my friends are not but i still make time to play this great shooter."
,Recommended,242860,29017897,Posted: 4 January,all,theJamman,It's brutal and I love it.
76561198049964940,Recommended,242860,29578402,Posted: 29 January,all,YouKnowNotMyName,"Bought this game a few months back for Remembrance Day, conveniently that happened to also be around the time of the Black Friday sale so I got a pretty good deal.Being from Canada the first world war is kind of a big deal here, not that it isn't in other places, but this was really when we made a name for ourselves, Vimy Ridge for example was the first major victory of a colonial power over an empire, in which we captured a sector that had been previously untouchable by the allies.This game really captures the feel of trench warfare, while it would be cool to see things like more factions, tanks or planes, it would detract from the overall experience.The game focuses around a four man squad dynamic, each unit has different roles and playstyles but usually the format consists of a: Squad Leader who calls mortar strikes and gives commands to the unit, a rifleman or marksman who acts as a grunt and support troop, a gunner or otherwise support unit equipped with the heavy munitions of the squad, and a specialist who usually has some kind of special role such as recon, trench raiding, or throwing grenades.The units are varied, some units have lots of rifles but not much specialists, other units have a specific purpose in the battle, but don't do much good in a static fight.The allied forces have units from all range of nations with loosely based on history squad structure, the French for example do a lot of recon and sabotage, the Canadians do a lot of trench raiding and brutal close range brawling, the British rely more on their rifles and the cooperation of the team, and the Belgians tend to catch you off guard with the tricks up their sleeves.On the other side of the coin, instead of basing the squads of the Central Powers off countries, because it was all Germany on the western front, they base the squads off individual units, some are defensive rifles, some are balanced support, while others are brutal raiders armed with submachine guns or flamethrowers.No two battles are the same, because any combination of units can come up against one another, and the squads themselves will change as the squad ranks up, or as the individual people in the squad choose different perks for their role.Machine guns and snipers can cause an amazing amount of terror, and while it's frustrating to not be able to shoot the enemies because a sniper has a bead on you, it's very close to how real snipers worked in trench warfare.It's really satisfying to thwart an attack on your trench with a well-placed machine gun, and on the other side it can be absolutely devastating to see your team get cut down by a few experienced gunners.They don't force any of this either, they just give the players the tools and the ability, and people just naturally do what they're supposed to, gunners just seem drawn to choke points, snipers seem drawn to empty flanks with good line of sight to the enemy trench.And for people who have looked this stuff up, it's really fascinating to see this stuff happen in real time on a virtual battlefield.I would recommend to any history nut, or fan of shooters who wants to change it up, it's not that intense, it's just a really well made FPS game.. although if you're coming from Battlefield 1 you might be surprised to find the machine guns are pretty hard to master, and there is a total lack of any semi-automatic rifles."
,Recommended,242860,30046574,Posted: 19 February,all,nehpets,turrible
76561198176936877,Recommended,242860,29657387,Posted: 2 February,all,Hawk,Its fun as it is but they should add the ottoman empire and a new map in the middle east as a dlc i would buy it
76561198229212808,Recommended,242860,29825565,Posted: 10 February,all,Baphomet,1918/1914PTSD simulator
76561198080274882,Recommended,242860,29777501,Posted: 8 February,all,Kevonier,"So I've played Verdun for at least a hundred hours now, so I reckon that I can give a fairly solid review on just what it has to offer, especially when it's competing in the same war/timeframe as a big title like Battlefield 1.Overview:Verdun is a realism-based multiplayer-only match game that places you into the trenches of WWI. As a soldier, you're certain to use any number of weapons from machine-guns, to flame-throwers, to pistols. Even clubs and shovels play a role. The ruler of the battlefield however, is ultimately the bolt-action rifle. All squads have different makes and models, and these are the standard weapon for the forces of both the Entente (USA, France, Britain, Canada) and the Central Powers (Germany, Austria).Graphics:If your looking for an awe-inspiring, stunning visual masterpiece, your looking in the wrong place. That's not to say that it's bad, it's definitely a solid Unity engine experience and it's not really noticeable, but it won't compare to something that runs on the Unreal or Frostbite engine.Sound Design:Sound design is good with careful matching to each weapon, allowing you to pick out individual weapons simply by hearing them. The rapidtat-tat-tatof machineguns and the whistling of incoming shells will put fear in your heart.Gameplay:As mentioned in the overview, Verdun is a realistic multiplayer match game, where you will join a round based on it's map. After the timer of roughly twenty-five minutes is up, the match is over, and you move on to a different map. Each map is fairly large so you won't feel too cramped but at the same time it's not so large that you have to walk for five minutes to even find the enemy. Variety is also good, with rolling hills, pent-up trenches, thick bushes, and tight tunnels.There's one game mode, with one objective. Take the enemy trenches. Each side takes a three-minute turn to charge the other side across No Man's Land, and seize their trenches, though that time is often extended with what's known as a ""foothold overtime"". If the enemy is still in your trench and has a 'foothold', you have to wipe them all out, before you can counterattack.When you join in, you'll have a choice of different squads to join on both sides, with an additional choice of your role in that squad. There's four people in one squad and each has a different role which can change based on the squad type. They all have the same format though.-One squad-leader which can call down artillery, poisonous gas, recon planes, bombers, and mortar fire; as well as giving orders. You usually have the choice to arm him with a pistol, a revolver, or a rifle.-One rifleman, who's equipped with a variety of options. Oftentimes you'll have the choice of a bayonet, and sometimes a sniper's scope.-One specialist, which depending on the squad's type, could be armed with a machinegun, shotgun, flamethrower, or just a rifle.-One trench raider/grenadier type. He's almost always armed with grenades, melee weapons like a shovel, knife or club, and usually has the option of using either a pistol or rifle.All weapons are very dangerous, with most if not all rifles killing in one shot to the chest, shoulders, upper legs, or (Most obviously) the head. A revolver might do the same, but it's range and fire-rate is terrible, with pistols usually taking two or three shots to take down an opponent. Machine-guns are likewise two shots. Explosions are also extremely deadly, with artillery fire being a constant threat.Overall Impression:Verdun is a solid war game set in WWI that any History buff or old-fashioned weapon lover is bound to enjoy, mostly because it really captures the horror of war; especially if you have Gore turned on. When you see the guy next to you have his arm blown off by artillery, and he's screaming on the ground, it's a chilling reminder as to the events of the past. However, for those that would prefer to go without that experience, it's turned off by default.That's not to say that all is sunshine and rainbows in Verdun, there can be some things that would really dissuade people from playing this game and what turns it into more of a niche attraction. First off, your going to die. Alot. Between the constant bullets going back and forth, the artillery raining down, and the gas shells landing all around, it will take a miracle for you to go through a round without dying at least ten times, usually more. As time goes on and you become a more accomplished player, you'll work out ways to limit your deaths but you will still die quite a bit. If this will be a problem for you, stay away.Second, explosions in Verdun have been complained as being a bit... Overpowered. Grenades and artillery are perhaps one of the most deadly weapons on the battlefield, simply because their radius is huge and if even one of your limbs is in the area of effect, your dead. Realistically, this is entirely correct to the time period. Artillery killed far more people than rifles ever did in WWI, and grenades were likewise very dangerous. However, this may also be a turn-off to people.Conclusion:As a recap, or for those that didn't fancy reading those walls of text up there and so they came to the end... Verdun is an excellent game,IF AND ONLY IF, you do not mind dying many times, and if you hold a profound interest in WWI's setting, or in a realism-based shooter. A more casual audience may also find interest in it just so long as they understand that this is not a game in which you can 'run-and-gun' in, otherwise you will be gunned down like a turkey on Thanksgiving."
76561198111520126,Recommended,242860,32229647,Posted: 6 June,all,zelwina,STOP ASKING ME TO WRITE A REVIEW !!!!
76561198094999911,Recommended,242860,32417800,Posted: 14 June,all,Mr.Gonzo,"Watered Battlefield 1? Maybe, but it's simplicity makes it more competitive, shame it hasn't got much root all over the world, because this is a really good game."
76561198327501172,Recommended,242860,32462997,Posted: 15 June,all,DCLXVI,Amazingly acurate and yet fun game based of WW1. I highly recommend it for anyone who likes difficult FPS shooters or just fans of FPS in general.
,Recommended,242860,32503373,Posted: 17 June,all,gamergeektwo,"I prefer this game way over Battlefield 1, i just wish it had more players. Also I feel like the hit detection is off because there were plenty of times I unloaded on a guy or shot him point blank in the torso and he doesnt get hit. Also the respawn time can be pretty bad sometimes since it takes 25 seconds to respawn and if you are defending a trench you would sometime lose it because it took too long to respawn. Aside from these gripes I really enjoy the game and I highly recommend it to people who like a realistic experience, a ww1 buff, or just like a challenge in general."
,Recommended,242860,32570581,Posted: 19 June,all,caseyboby csgogem.com,-First 10 hrs is the point where you find hiding spots and stragetys to dodge bullets-Next 7 hours is sniping with all weapons w/ iron sights-*realization you can get better weapons*-Becomes one of the better players of the game-*unlocks best machine gun*-Gets a 30 K/D Ratio in one match-19/16 would play defensive 100% of the time
76561198059693956,Recommended,242860,33057134,Posted: 30 June,all,Sorry,"Very hard. Good pacing, rewards smart play."
76561198316693332,Recommended,242860,33079015,Posted: 1 July,all,flavour town,have you ever wanted to call someone a muffin?
,Recommended,242860,33333379,Posted: 6 July,all,Whiterun Guard ゴ,The game goes well with WW1 Sabaton songs.10/10
76561198022111483,Recommended,242860,33334250,Posted: 6 July,all,lemuel,pretty good
76561197963349019,Recommended,242860,33324764,Posted: 6 July,all,XavoN,nice game
76561198061575266,Recommended,242860,24224412,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nesxiroal,I get shot everytime I go over the top 10/10
76561198192573333,Recommended,242860,24221241,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Tugg Speedman,Fun♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198067810437,Recommended,242860,24221386,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,es good
,Recommended,242860,24215878,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,StrikeSeven,"Verdun ist ein gutes spiel, aber eines stört mich und zwarWenn man ein kleines Stück aus der Deckung geht, da schießt man auf eine unsichtbare Mauer, ein kritik punkt von mir.Aber sonst ist es ein tolles spiel, ich bin kein fan-boy, aber das erste WWI Spiel, das was potential hat."
,Recommended,242860,24223364,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,The Babadook,Good game. A few of the reload animations are wierd though and could be fixed.
,Recommended,242860,24187141,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Count of Monte Cristo,"Authentic, well designed, historically accurate World War One game"
76561198277412049,Recommended,242860,24147897,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rufus Jr.,"This is an amazing WW1 era first person shooter, but there are a couple things that could be improved.Good-Very realistic, slow paced crawling to each advancing trench to avoid getting shot.Tons of different squads to choose from, each differing in terms of every country that you can play as.Very interesting if you like learning about history and the basics on how WW1 happened.Simple game controls, but very complex strategies can be developed based on your personal play style.Bad-It is very confusing in terms of upgrading weapons, I still have not figured out how to add a scope to my rifle that I use more than anything.It tends to get kind of repetitive in that the most effective way to advance is to crawl everywhere, which can be very time consuming and tedious if you are impatient like me.The visuals can be kind of wonky sometimes, nothing too major or anything but sometimes when a player dies their character freezes instead of reacting, simple things like that.Overall I think it is a very good game, and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in history and also loves killing people at the same time."
,Recommended,242860,24212495,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Weedgen,this is a very good fps i would easily recomend
,Recommended,242860,24213052,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ya Boy Bob Ross,Great game imo.Pros:Realistic GraphicsRealistic Guns and MechanicsCompetitive yet funCons:Loud as all hellProne is a bit glitchyLag spikes common for worse computers
,Recommended,242860,24433571,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,JV ♣  ♥,"Amazing game, good community"
,Recommended,242860,24436118,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,The Entire Population Of Africa,So great to enjoy a game which takes place in an event that ruined our great grandparents lives.
76561197963315984,Recommended,242860,24163404,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ben!to,"Well worth the money.A refreshing setting, interesting Class balance, different squads with different tasks.Cool unlock system, good Sounddesign - what could you ask for more ?Only setback is the somewhat ""elite-community""  and similar/boring maps.Overall a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,242860,24164967,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Andrew,Beatiful
76561198235842280,Recommended,242860,24165102,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mother Russia Guy,Verdun is a great game ide give it a 8/10 i would give it a nine but the a.i is pretty stuiped and get's stuck in no mans land sometimes so if you could fix that ide be happy and tons of other people. p.s don't mind the misspells i can't fix them for writing review ressons
76561198077756435,Recommended,242860,24178770,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,☭50 Kulaks to the Gulags☭,If you want a true WW1 game unlike Battlefield 1 this is the perfect game for you. This game has you running through the trenches and getting shot to hell when you pop your head up to look over the trench. Also this game has a gore setting so you get to see all your limbs fly off when you get hit by a mortar. 10/10 would get PTSD again.
76561198119430742,Recommended,242860,24174886,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Pi is Fun,"So just note that even though I gave this a recommend, I would prefer something more in the middle. The gameplay and atmosphere are quite amazing for simulating the world war I style trench warfare. If you want something more detailed then that, plently of other reviews can be found. Many people have noted some poor optimization and such, but I myself don't experience this. My main issue with this game is that the population count is not high enough and a lot of the times games are unbalanced with tons of people on one team, or just almost no one in the match.Hopefully the player count may go up with hype for Battlefield 1, but I feel that the only way this could happen is if the price were lowered, because even at twenty five dollars, many people may not feel encouraged enought to pay that kind of money for this game in a time period barely touched by gaming and pretty much all other forms of entertainment in general. The game is a ton of fun most of the time, but it needs better side balance and a drop in price to hopefully raise the player count more!P.S. Expect to die A LOT in this game, it is normal."
,Recommended,242860,24174924,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Only Russia ♥s Trump,"How fun can trench warfare--of all things--be?  It turns out very.  Intense and playable, you really feel like you're gaining war skills as you try out an amazingly accurate and extensive menu of weapons.Be warned, though, it's a tough game for newbies.  It's worth it to, um, soldier through the learning curve...even if spawn-camping trolls can make it frustrating at times."
76561198020995989,Recommended,242860,30818594,Posted: 29 March,all,lazevedo,"This is a game for the patient, since your concern about not getting shot should be higher then shooting others."
76561198097265953,Recommended,242860,24192002,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Klip,Brilliant Atmosphere. The back and forth gameplay is amazing when team are balanced.
76561198007264715,Recommended,242860,24171993,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Duke705,Such a great game. If anyone wants an authentic WWI experience then this is the game for you. Large variety of weapons and nations to play as. The Devs update regularly. The horror of war patch really improved the game.
76561198306290029,Recommended,242860,24170170,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,EnCrY,This game is probably one of my favorites. Just the atmosphere of this game gives me the feeling that I am a soldier in WW1. I love it all this game has little problems aside from empty servers from time to time but they usually quickly fill up. I will probably never stop playing this game if I can help it. This is just one of those games you keep coming back to no matter what!
,Recommended,242860,24170318,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,papaRene,"Gore, realistic, nice graphics, good sfx, nice community11/10 would peek from the trench again B)"
76561198127153485,Recommended,242860,24171091,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nerolupus,Couldn't hit any enemiesHad trouble aiming under pressureConstantly was gassedMortars took out my NCOSucceeded in taking trenches with squadGot more of a foothold and learned the ropesSuddenly my enemies fell under bulletsMy bullets were the ones hitting them!10/10 would play this instead of BF1
76561198156527352,Recommended,242860,24171429,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,asdfboy264,I love learning about  ww1and when i first played i cried because it was everything i ever wanted in a ww1 fps (i started playing long before the battlefeild 1 anouncment). It's very hardcore but also dose a great job simmulating a real ww1 battle feild and is WAAAAAY more historicaly acurate then battlefeild 1 will ever be.
,Recommended,242860,24167867,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Strikr,"Verdun is a fast-paced tactical Great War first person shooter, and a rather fun use of money. Although it is still rather bug-y and filled with overpowered and underpowered weapons, and infuriating deaths and hitboxes. All that said, I reccomend it to history fans and first person shooter fans, because it combines two genres of game which tend to not be mixed."
76561197994129683,Recommended,242860,24168220,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Beaker Valdenholmes,"This game is a historically accurate (Compared to BF1) FPS that forces wave based trench combat. I strongly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys shooters and World War 1 history. The snippets of history combined with actual maps of the trenches during the loading screens is fantastic. The gameplay is fun and engaging and is constnatly being improved.The experience of rushing through the trenches under artillery barrage with gas seeping through and around your character is thrilling. There could be some polish, but I've had a great time with this. Throw on some World War 1 era songs in the background and immerse yourself in the best WW1 shooter around."
,Recommended,242860,21120639,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mr.Sir,This game is honestly pretty difficult because of the realism. If youre looking for a game that you can just run around and shoot people this isnt it. You need to think about staying alive
,Recommended,242860,24119746,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Caigun,It's the multiplayer FPS BF1 wish it could be.
,Recommended,242860,31363805,Posted: 25 April,all,Lego,"If you ever want to hear your fellow soldiers screaming, dying in trenches like rats, suffocate in tight atmosphere, buy it.It's a different experience I can tell you that.Don't compare it to BF1, this isn't arcade type of game, this one is special.Do yourself a favor, support devs and enjoy this great addition to the world of real games."
76561197983526559,Recommended,242860,31366012,Posted: 25 April,all,Cobra_Tvist,"Well, if you have no money on Battlefield1..."
76561198011607356,Recommended,242860,17340701,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,05102017,"Very fun gameplay, nice tactical fps. Well made and well worth the pennies. I thought it would not be very fun with bolt action rifles but I was wrong, this game has its own style from other fps. I did not put over 600 hrs in this game. Steam glitched out and put that super high number in."
76561197995621964,Recommended,242860,31422809,Posted: 28 April,all,The Painted Cow,"A very nice game for casually gaming as well as excessive gaming.Yes, the graphics are somewhat dated, but in times of ridiculous games with tons of dlc and always the same theme, I really like the WW I aspect here. However, I highly recommend to buy it during sales :)"
76561198018400528,Recommended,242860,31441350,Posted: 29 April,all,Cardinal Pell,great ww1 shooter with great experiences and a good community
76561198057664012,Recommended,242860,31451735,Posted: 29 April,all,[2.Han.IR]  {-TROS-} Dré,"I'm not usually a fan of simulation games but this is one I'm definitely a MASSIVE fan of. True it can be annoying being placed against high levels as a new player and being shot instantly and it does happen. However nothing feels better than grabbing a rifle and your bayonet while trying to clear out an enemy trench.This is a WW1 game so don't expect many automatic or semi automatic weapons. I'd argue it's historically accurate and I love to read the information snippets when waiting to find a game! Can take a while to find one occasionally and there are always things to be worked on but so worth it!My only regret is many of my friends don't want to play it as I feel having a full squad communicating would make it so much better, that being said often the game chat is lively!Final score 7/10It's a good game and I really enjoy it, does what it says on the tin I just wish there were more maps/ game modes but it's worth a pick up if you like WW1 games and will take the time to learn the game."
76561198244110670,Recommended,242860,31453722,Posted: 29 April,all,ofdudesandmen,Really fun and realistic wwi FPSworth the money
,Recommended,242860,31496800,Posted: 1 May,all,Xavia III,Sniped a guy's foot from two tranches back.Seems legit.
,Recommended,242860,31493989,Posted: 1 May,all,Jackinater,"great game, well balanced."
76561198059231921,Recommended,242860,31437776,Posted: 29 April,all,UnknownVoice,"The game is great! I like the way it's put together to trench warfare. Matchmaking is a bit bad sometimes i get in a empty server or low player server is it a lack of players or just matching is not great. But gameplay is good, gun handling great. Overall i recommend the game It needs to be more popular game. Great work devs."
,Recommended,242860,31449151,Posted: 29 April,all,yah boi hors,war ... war never changes
,Recommended,242860,31474237,Posted: 30 April,all,lil slayer,Please get this game so more people can experience a WW1 game that is more historically accurate than BF1 without the problem that few people are on the servers
76561198071362606,Recommended,242860,31516302,Posted: 2 May,all,MARIBRO,This game is outright AWESOME. It really feels well done for a non AAA game. Additionally it is the most realistic World War I game out there if not one of the most realistic war games overall. Battles are brutal and chaotic but mostly unforgiving. The feeling of attrition in the trenches of these historic battlefields is very emersive and very accurate to how it really was. Great game 10/10
76561198007961074,Recommended,242860,31515787,Posted: 2 May,all,Arotar,It is an enjoyable game to play
76561198086644471,Recommended,242860,31514071,Posted: 2 May,all,MrBigHunt,"Now... before you buy this game you need to know something;You will die... a lot!!This game is about as close as you'll get to an accurate WWI sim (if you play the frontlines mode), move forward over no-man's land, capture a trench, hold a trench, fall back or move on to the next trench, capture... etc. etc.What I really like about this game are that bullets will typically kill you in one hit, when you go to aim you must hold your breath to steady yourself, and reloading takes FOREVER! I find it adds a sense of urgency; especially when you're in the trenches with a bolt-action rifle, you need to make every shot count, if you miss you'll most likely be dead within a few seconds!To get the most out of Verdun I'd recommend playing as part of a team, or at least maintaining a good communication with your team (through voice or text). You can go at this alone no bother but you might find it'll soon lose it's charm after a couple hours. Though I don't hesitate to recommend this game!!"
76561198093157200,Recommended,242860,31579750,Posted: 6 May,all,Snorko Thicko,-Best 'Move General Haigs drinks cabinet six inches closer to Berlin' Simulator
76561198175018157,Recommended,242860,26152331,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Amadeus Vult,this game is one of the best ww1 games out there it is alot of fun. this game has taught me more about ww1 than my history teacher. i give this game a 10/10. it is also associated with one of my favorite youtube channels The Great War
,Recommended,242860,31506298,Posted: 2 May,all,Joefosho,Great game under rated could use improvement but best WW1 game out there
,Recommended,242860,31511983,Posted: 2 May,all,Dmitry Nazarenko,"Great game! Very realistic and historically accurate, which make it great for history lovers! It's totally worth the money 100%!"
,Recommended,242860,31512534,Posted: 2 May,all,DaddyMemeMaster,"Verdun, this game is just simply awesome(if you ask me, it's way better than battlfield 1)I have enjoyed every single muinte I spent on this game, worth the money, it can be very annoying and has a long learning curve, but I just keep coming back, can't get enough of the gameI'll just randomly name some good things and some thing that annoy me so you get a general idea of what the game is about :)GOOD!-the imersion, this game is a true ""ptsd"" war simulator-they really nailed the camouflage on the characters-the gore, this game has the best gore I've ever seen in a game(although this is the best I've ever seen, it can still use some improvement. Bullet wounds for example, now they're just bloods splatters around the point of impact)-the soldiers actually speak their native languages, as a dutch person, this a relief. a lot of devs confuse dutch and german, but the belgians in the game speak dutch/flemish, like how they're supposed to-while the graphics are decent, the sounds are pretty good-a nice main menu, very original, I've never seen anything like it before(with some songs made during or before ww1)-learns you a bit about the locations you're about to fight on, sometime a bit about ww1 it self, really neatBAD/ANNOYING!-because the camouflage is so good, it sometimes becomes almost impossible to spot the enemy-the soldiers have a pretty weak/low stamina-just 32 players can join the matches, on somtimes too large maps for just 32 playersoverall, I'm realy glad I got the game, worht the money i paid for it!I rate it a 8.5/10. :)if you read this, thank you for reading it all the way to the end, I hope you found this helpful and will enjoy the game if you buy it. k bye :)"
76561198052386020,Recommended,242860,31136044,Posted: 14 April,all,warpig107,"so do you like the battlefield one and want to play a more realistic version that came before Battlefield 1? well this is the game, the Devs obviously put alot of effert into the game to make it look good and run great. so its worth it big time"
76561197963785136,Recommended,242860,21354762,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Critical43,Things that need fixed1) Team Collision- Tired of idiot teamates blocking me to where I get killed2) Barbed Wire- You can't excape from it!!!!! Make it to where you dont take damage from them3) Take out the Jungle Map- It is impossible to see people!
,Recommended,242860,25327434,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Snoop Guy,"So this was my first review of the game several months ago :""-If you enjoy spending a lot of time watching the other players playing while you're dead, this game is for you.-If you enjoy unrealistic and cheap ragdoll when someone dies, this game is for you.-If you enjoy being shot everywhere you think you're safe, this game is for you.-If you enjoy ugly graphics and poor performance, bugs and glitches here and there, this game is for you.-Finally if you enjoy not being able to lean on one side or the other (trench war game, remember?), then this game definitely is for you.""I'm happy to say I changed my mind after 100+ hours into the game.The game becomes  a lot more fun when you become a better player.The community is mostly nice and  the devs are really listening to us and working hard to fix the bugs and extend the gameplay. (64 players maps are being tested at the moment)I've seen a great performance improvement lately (the game isn't that ugly in high to ultra parameter, in fact, lightning and shadow effects are great but power hungry), and ragdolls have been somehow fixed too.The game still isn't perfect but it becomes better overtime.It is also nice playing with friends."
76561198236028488,Recommended,242860,25706113,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Malice_Maker,Bought game about WW1Joined server with bunch of randomsStarted talking about how bad government isLose match due to talking10/10 would play again
,Recommended,242860,31159031,Posted: 15 April,all,OP-1 Hevo,Fun
,Recommended,242860,28125362,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Newbie,I do recommend this game if you are a fan of realistic shooters. In 2017 this game is now starting to age and in the mornings you can't find a game with more than 25 players. Sometimes the teams can be a bit unbalanced but overall this is a great game.
76561198122267342,Recommended,242860,28449476,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,wiiincent,"a lot of weapons really realistic  ,  the maps are very nice  , and a respectfull game for soldiers who have sacrified their lives for our freedom , the game is alive and updates are coming i really enjoy this game"
,Recommended,242860,29334762,Posted: 18 January,all,Nipps ☭,">Be me>German MG gunner>Sit in mud all day, waiting for a target>Look into distance>See tea drinkers emerge from far away trench>They charge straight towards me>I unleash my German fury>They play chicken with my bullets>Get 10 of them>kek"
76561198023534657,Recommended,242860,30047479,Posted: 19 February,all,Australium Giblet,"Great Game, No really it is. very realistic.... kidna. stick your head out and you wont have a head.                        PRO TIP: If artillery fires at your position. Dont go into a bunker, Stay outside. I went into a bunker and my squad was outside during rain of artillery... I was the only one that died ;-;"
76561198120420734,Recommended,242860,31165713,Posted: 15 April,all,lt.colonelmoore,"Verdun is "" a fight for inches "" just making it to the next cover/shell hole can be daunting let alone making it to the enemy trench.  teamwork is essential to winning as squad  commanders act as spawn points for their 4 man crew, each with their own loadouts. commander, rifleman, grenadier and machinegunner. adding to an already chaotic game the squad comander can aloso call in arty and gas to disorient the opposing team.it has a steep learning curve in the beginning but as you lern the do's and donts of trench warfare it becomes really rewarding.top of the list for ww1 shooterstwo things i would like to see is a 32v32 option or even enabling friendly fire to crank up the insanity dial a bit!"
76561198155098789,Recommended,242860,28499153,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SnowHusky,"Expensive for what it offers at base price, wait untill its on sale for like $12.Other than that, this game is great!Short waiting times for matches and survival similar to Call of Duty's zombies!...just don't stick your head out of the trenches for too long, if you like your head attached to your body that is."
76561198008537329,Recommended,242860,28461337,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[N/A] Dusk_thedark,"The game is great, love how it plays. The frontlines are kind of bad, because you dont get an option to stayon the map your in, so you get a lot of people leaving making the frontlines unfair... Like real war... hahaha."
76561197998609864,Not Recommended,242860,25489545,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,AngelFire,"This is a very good rifles game, when it works devs keep on messing with it and it is constantly in a broken state of some sort. Today 10/09/2016 they broke the game again and for the finale time. Cause now it won't even play. Buy at your own risk. Uninstalled."
76561198120873420,Recommended,242860,27263857,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,>it aint me,This game is great for people who want:To die of sniper fire as soon as you charge into no man's landTo die from mustard gasTo die from artilleryTo die for using the BARTo die for desertingTo die for not closing your gun boltTo die from barbed wireOh what a lovely war!
76561198090604859,Recommended,242860,24452850,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Frankium,"This game is made to be an accurate historical respresentation of WW1 trench warfare. It does a hell of a job doing just that. As someone who likes WW1 and WW2 history, I love it.Fighting in the Great War through Verdun is an experience I will never forget. In the deadliest battlefields of WW1, there is no greenery. your only landmarks are sandbags, downed planes, muddy hills and even bodies. The bodies fill the trenches and shell holes. More and more bodies hit the mud as the machine guns keep firing. The wounded lay writhing and screaming in pain. The waterlogged trenches run red with blood. Artillery shells blow the legs off of men, leaving them to scream in pain as they bleed out. The shells leave craters to take cover in... if you don't mind the putrid odor of the corpses that lie in them. GAS GAS GAS! You are quick and throw on your gas mask as the yellow green cloud creeps into your trench. Your fellow soldier is not quick enough. He staggers around, choking, clutching his throat before he collapses, blood flowing from his mouth. Soon after, the opposing army drops into the trenches, bayonets and clubs and shovels and other brutal weapons at the ready. It's a massacre. Men are impaled and bludgeoned as chaotic hand to hand combat insues. Death and blood and rot are everywhere. Your fellow countrymen are dead. Your best friend just took a bullet to the neck and lays gurgling, choking, sputtering next to you, bleeding all over himself and you and the ground. Now he is dead. You're next. You could retreat, but that would be deserting. You know what happens to those poor, shell shocked ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. There is no escaping your own gruesome, agonizing death. War is Hell. Do not play this game unless you are ready to experience all of this.No other game I have played conveys the brutality, destruction, endless trench warfare and sheer loss of life in the Great War like this game does. And war in general at that. It accurately shows you exactly what WW1 was like, with attention to every detail. It shows you exactly what the cost of war is. It may be a game, and it may be fun, but it has a much deeper meaning to it than just that. If you learn anything from playing this game and experiencing the horrors of the most brutal war ever, it is that War is Hell."
,Recommended,242860,31137636,Posted: 14 April,all,antmantis14,Great fps and easy to play with friends and make squads. The overall game is not complex and has only a few game modes but is overall very fun.
,Recommended,242860,29028587,Posted: 5 January,all,Gluebub,"I'd like to share 2 stories about Verdun with you, outlining the common player types encountered; both of which happen to be me.>Be me,  serving in Landwher squad>We're fighting against a combined British and French force>The glorious German army is now within 100 kilometres of Paris>Our squad along with a weapon specialist and two grenadiers gets assigned to the northern flank of the trench by the NCO>We are on top of a hill, which should minimize our casualties>keyword: should>We ready up, and hear the whistles and shouts across No Man's Land>The Entente soldiers emerge, and begin darting through the wastes>Large force advancing on our flank, we ask for artillery call>NCO does not respond, and the mass of Brits grows ever closer>Our MG desperately tries to take them out, but they keep going from artillery hole to artillery hole every time he reloads>My squad picks off a few, but we're still outnumbered>Squad colonel requests artillery once again, NCO complies>Every soldier knows artillery never strikes the same place twice>Brits spread out into previous artillery holes>Their strategy is to wait to see which hole gets blown up first, then they will all cramp into that crater>They all get down>MG stands up to relocate>He starts sprinting and nearly makes it into the trench>A sniper has just shot him across the entirety of no man's land>His corpse rolls into the trench, and before the Brits could sieze this advantage entirely, another artillery strikes the 5 men brave enough to charge us.>Ligaments and guts are strewn out in front of our section of the trench>Notice that the doughboys overwhelmed the southern flank, and have already entered the trench>Begin shooting down on them as artillery strike ends.>Pick a few, but it's not helping much>Refocus towards our little part of the trench>British are making the final push towards us en masse>My squad is armed only with basic, bolt action rifles>We could never take all these British out in time>Our grenadiers, our saving graces, charge up and lob grenades into the mass of British troops>Enemy MG that had setup in a crater after artillery fire mows them both down, and hits our colonel>We all duck down, but in doing so, have gotten ourselves suppresed>We can hear the British climbing up the hill, they're no more than 20 ft away>I say ""Gott mit du"" to my squad, as we face most inevitable death>Before my friend can even finish ""und mitt du"", a tommy charges of and pins him into the back of the trench with his bayonet>Our colonel, now recovered, splatters the lad's brains across the floor>More British charge over>As we brace for their melee rush, their own artillery comes in and takes out at least 10 men>British attack loses momentum, and what few remain in the Southern flank now retreat across no man's land>Find that only my colonel and my myself survived the enemy barrage>See that our third squad member, now missing his lower torso, was cut off from us in the midst of the attack, and thus took an entire shell>Reinforcements arrive>NCO demands we pick off what few Brits are still left in no man's land, then charge over>Natural selection>Our counter attack begins, and we push into the wastes>NCO practically wears out his whistle from blowing it so much>The Northern flank seems safe, so the squad next to us pushes on without stopping in a crater>See all four bodies roll into our crater, it is obvious that a machine gun tore through them>Colonel and myself run out while the enemy MG is most certainly reloading>Colonel catches another bullet from an enemy rifleman, seemingly out of nowhere>You can never kill someone who already has their rifle pointed att you>It would be an utter anomaly of you killed someone who you just turned to see>Most soldiers die before even seeing an enemy>Anyways, I push up and over, into the enemies trench>Take out the kid who killed my colonel>He looks no older than 18>Turn to see an enemy colonel raising his Ruby pistol to me>I panic and hipfire>Colonel is killed>I am an anomaly>I have looked right into death's eyes while i stabbed him in the stomach>Figuratively, of course>I lay down and pick whatever Brits try to storm me.>I murder them all in a fit of rage>Stand up, see that the Southern flank of the British line is overwhelmed>I charge in, taking out 2,3,4,5 guys with my bayonet>This is our line now>We fire into the line of British reinforcements trying to desperately trying to reclaim their last foothold.>I steady my shot, and align my sights with the enemy NCO>He stands there, not bearing a single care about the bullets whizzing past his head>He kills 2 men before I pull the trigger>Realize I have hesiatated, and that death seeks revenge>I shall cheat nevermore>I turn to see him>The sniper>His scope glares as I peer into the darkness of death's eyes once more>He shoots me before I can scramble back into the trench>""Fear not squad, for I am coming to meet you"">Be me, having ended my tour along the Landwher squad.TL;DR, war is hell 10/10 would recommend Verdun for portraying itMy second story is about the Stosstruppen, a class armied only with a shovel and grenades>Ich ist der stosstruppen>I have survived waves of British now because ich ist der stosstruppen>NCO calls us over the trench>I ready my reliable weapon, the shovel>It is more reliable than a gun, for a gun may jam at any time>A shovel only requires your strenght and I am strong, ich ist fer stosstruppen>I don my gasmask, it allows me to not stop running when gas is called on me>It scares the Brits as well>They know of der stosstruppen>I charge ahead of everyone, not fearing the bullets that rip past me>Ich ist der stosstruppen>I pummel a British soldier courageous enough to stand outside of his trench>Ich ist der strosstruppen>I leap into the enemy trench like a lion hunting its prey, and take down another Brit>Ich ist der strosstruppen>Remaining soldiers try to run, but i kill them all with a grenade>Ich ist der strosstruppen>I then charge in clearing all the British on the other side of the trench, allowing my fellow comrades to fall in>Ich ist der strosstruppenTL;DR, Ich ist der strosstruppen, and I 10/10 would go on a shovel rampage again."
76561198139219807,Recommended,242860,31150668,Posted: 15 April,all,The Unladen Squirrel,I love this game and it was the first game that I bought.  I love history and I love this game.  Possibly only Battlefeild 1 could be the only came that can compair.
,Recommended,242860,29439117,Posted: 23 January,all,Franky The BullCranky,You will die a lot for 100m of landTrue WW1 experience 10/10 gg I now have several forms of PTSD
,Recommended,242860,27267203,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,2.50$,> Join the game as a grenadier> You're equipped with only 5 nades and a shovel> You hear the command to attack> lets_do_this.gif> All the weakass♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stay in trench and try to snipe> You don't even have a gun> Keep runing and praying from cover to cover> Tuck nades in the trench> 0 kills> sad_pepe.png> Somehow you sneak in past enemy line> Hear fresh spawn coming> It's shoveling time> Get a medal for most melee kills10/10 Would spatten that feld again
76561198130531191,Recommended,242860,21087605,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Trovsa,"Great graphics, awesome gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,31113023,Posted: 13 April,all,TurkeyTheTitan,"From a player who grew up on FPS. Duke 3D, Cod1,MOH,All the Fps. This is one of the two FPS i play, this and Squad. Both great games/10. Spend your money on Verdun because its freaking worth it."
76561198322710713,Recommended,242860,30298112,Posted: 3 March,all,harrisaravantinos,Excelent game!!
,Not Recommended,242860,18263790,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dahpix,A really awesome and realistic game that shows the brutality in WW1 but it has huge performance problems (for me) and isn't playable for more than 2 minutes without huge FPS drops and at the end a freeze that needs me to restart the PC. I'd wait to buy this game till those problems are fixed.
76561198150807564,Not Recommended,242860,19276732,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,BoonyPDX,This game is DEAD. No one plays it.
76561198048863015,Recommended,242860,30329610,Posted: 4 March,all,Muad'Dib,Tons of fun!
,Recommended,242860,31210241,Posted: 17 April,all,SwaggySwoo,"There is something really satisfying when you shoot the bullet with your bolt action rifle, and you see that little hitmarker. Knowing that you have killed the enemy you pull the lever back and run for your life before someone with an MG spots you.It's as scary everytime when you have to run across the field to get to the objective. When you are behind cover, and 400 bullets fly over your head and the screen shakes like if you got 50 gallons of water poured over your head.My only complaint is that there are not enough players to play your desired map after midnight, but I really hope more people comes to this FPS, because it's just great :)"
,Recommended,242860,30311801,Posted: 4 March,all,WAFFLE,"Great game, but cant tell if its an enemy or a stick."
,Recommended,242860,30326574,Posted: 4 March,all,Don Pablo,10/10
76561198005454507,Recommended,242860,30317538,Posted: 4 March,all,silvertree,"A very fun and dynamic game, plenty of weapons and historical accuracy. I highly recomend this game for everyone."
76561198016250481,Recommended,242860,30321830,Posted: 4 March,all,Guardsman322,"So I've been playing this game off and on since December of 2013.  Overal, I highly enjoy it, and it is really the only actual WWI FPS on the market.  I have seen gameplay from BF1, and that is not actual WWI combat.  This is."
,Recommended,242860,30312633,Posted: 4 March,all,toxicturtle12,It´s a very realistic and fun ww1 shooter. I recommend this game for anyone who is interested in ww1 and fps.
,Recommended,242860,30271481,Posted: 1 March,all,Urah-Kai,"Awesome. I absolutely love this game. One of the few independents that actually care about the game adn YES TEH PLAYERS. DLC is free, continuous updates. Not like many other independents that started out strong and now is a bust. COUGH COUGH dead by daylight COUGH COUGH. Aweosme realism, great fps strategy game. Sometimes every once and a while there is a bug but I havent experienced any since a few updates ago. Fun game to get into."
76561198357912569,Recommended,242860,30251755,Posted: 28 February,all,Flemmy,Love it Realistic historical everything you want in one game 5 stars
,Recommended,242860,30289188,Posted: 2 March,all,Crispy,"Overall, Verdun is a great game! If you enjoy playing WWI games, or just shooter games in general, I would highly recommend getting Verdun. Some of the things I like most about Verdun are:Unlike most FPS games, getting shot once will most likely kill you, so you will die a lot but it also forces you to be more cautious and strategicThe realistic WWI settingVery few, if any, hackers (I have never encountered one)A variety of squads that all have different weapon loadouts and NCO abilities such as mortar strikes, recon planes, and poison gasThe coop xp system that makes your squad better the more you play with the same peopleThe only downside to Verdun is that its playerbase is pretty small, so servers can die off pretty quickly at night and the other gamemodes besides frontlines usually don't have very many people playing them"
,Recommended,242860,30286640,Posted: 2 March,all,Коля,Issa good
76561198105194648,Recommended,242860,30294992,Posted: 3 March,all,IrishMonkey,When you start to play this game you will get killed a lot! Stick with it though and as you learn how to stay alive in the realistic WW1 setting this game will give hours of fun. It's mainly an objectives based attack and defend game with players split into teams of 4 on either the allies or central power side. There are also a rifle deathmatch and squad defence gameplay mode.
,Recommended,242860,30282721,Posted: 2 March,all,Ryan,"Love this game, has many features that very few games have at the moment, such as gore and intense realism. It is more of a WW1 game than Battlefield 1 due to having actual trench warfare and realistic WW1 weapons.Overall it is a very good game but there are some really annoying and amusing glitches, like the death animations and the infuriating lag that will occur from time to time, despite having fast internet and a good PC."
,Recommended,242860,24782776,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Revedent,"This has to be one of my top 5 favorite games of all time. Unique gameplay (intense trench raiding with shoot-first-and-hit bolt action action),♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of weapons, including a submachine gun (MP18), an automatic rifle (BAR), a flamethrower (Wex), huge bundled nades (7 or 10 at once!), a shotgun, a semiautomatic rifle (RSC 17), the 32 round Artillery-Luger, a huge caliber rifle (T-Gewehr), trench knives and clubs, and especially SHOVELSSSSSSS!!!!!!!SHOVELLLSSSSSS!!!!!"
76561198082831773,Recommended,242860,30268577,Posted: 1 March,all,Fizzy,"Help. I've been sitting in the same trench for days now. I mean, I think it's been days. I can't really tell. Whenever anyone goes over the top they don't come back. Well, sometimes a peice of them does. I'm not a religious man."
,Recommended,242860,32840649,Posted: 26 June,all,=(e)= Chris118,It's like a prologue to Red Orchestra
,Recommended,242860,32895558,Posted: 27 June,all,mr.Waldo,*spawns*peaks head out from behind cover*shoots at teamates*gets shot*waits 20 seconds*repeatbest fps ever 10/10
,Recommended,242860,32881762,Posted: 27 June,all,Terabit3,My experience with playing Verdun1. Get spawned into trench filled with chlorine gas2. Rushes to put on gas mask3. Fails to put on mask and gets blinded within  3 seconds4. Hides in an niche until I can regain my vision5. Is bayoneted in the face and killed while still completely blind6. Rinse and repeat10/10 Best PTSD simulator I've ever played
,Recommended,242860,32900759,Posted: 27 June,all,WaterIsH2O,The game is super fun and I really enjoy playing it. The weapons are authentic and the gameplay is amazing. Get it now.
,Recommended,242860,32920029,Posted: 28 June,all,Menacinglemon,Storming the trenches been your dream. This is it.
,Recommended,242860,32533872,Posted: 18 June,all,Jonathan Joestar,"Great game, very realistic"
76561198049896763,Recommended,242860,19038203,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Liquid ForePlay,"A world war 1 FPS, what more could you want?Pros: Authentic WW1 environment.Cons: Not many players to charge out in large numbers. :)"
76561198153797701,Recommended,242860,32611286,Posted: 20 June,all,RAMO,"If you're into guns blazing shooters then this probably won't be for you, unless you don't mind dying, A LOT.The first 2 hours of the game is spent figuring what the hell is happening in between dying, respawning and then dying again. As in all things, the more you play the better you get and learn the maps thats when it starts  to get fun.The community of players is pretty good, not a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ry and people are generally helpful to the newbs.I didn't expect to like this game as much as I do. I paid $10 for it on sale and I definitely feel like it has proven it's value."
76561197988200255,Recommended,242860,32598965,Posted: 20 June,all,Famousghost,unique WW1 game..
76561198150986251,Recommended,242860,32598424,Posted: 20 June,all,Gamecrazed9,"Joined gamewas put in a squad named ""Give Me Anal Or Give Me Death""I died alot in that game9/10 didnt get anal that gamebut seriously it's like battlefield 1's manly unclealso 10x more realistic"
76561198223173016,Recommended,242860,32609911,Posted: 20 June,all,CykaDeath,"This Game is one of the few WW1 shooter out there. This game is a Trench based warfare, if you like realistic, hardcore shooter then this is the game for you, all the maps have trenches which means you Shoot, walk, crouch, prone,♥♥♥♥♥♥in the trench. If you compare this to bf1 obviously bf1 is better because of it's content Superiority​, but this game have lower budget, so it's not fair to compare it with bf1. I prefer the battle being in cities so it opens up the stategies instead​ of just attack and defending the fokin trench, it gets boring after a time of getting killed over and over people just quit.. It's just too hard attacking in an open area. Overall i rate it 6/10"
76561198025752532,Recommended,242860,32630588,Posted: 21 June,all,Sittin' Sam the Saychet Man,"Verdun is an awesome game.It has something that a lot of other shooters these days don't, and that's pacing. Instead of fast paced, guns-blazing inanity, you're going to spend most of your time squatting in mud staring down your ironsights at the horizon. Don't think that this makes it boring, however. It's tense. It's adrenaline-filled. Every shot counts and you will die a lot. It's very immersive.Verdun has squad based teamwork stuff in it. Playing in a squad with your friends, therefore, would be totally awesome, since you get important bonuses for your team by operating as one. Get your friends in on this.The controls can be awkward at first, but with a little rebinding and some gameplay you'll sort it out.Verdun's only flaw is that there often aren't enough people playing. Since all gamemodes are multiplayer, some may not be available or fun if no one's playing.History lovers, you won't be disappointed."
76561198252218416,Recommended,242860,32626057,Posted: 21 June,all,DRIFTERO,This game is GREAT!!!!! one if the most funnest games i have ever played with good historical accuracy.
76561197998051565,Recommended,242860,32623244,Posted: 21 June,all,Dickbong,"This game will likely be very difficult for some. The squad leveling system is really wierd. Community is very  small but helpful for the most part. Game is not for everyone, get it on sale, or try it out. Within an hour of play you will know what it is all about, and if it is for you."
76561198069905283,Recommended,242860,32623583,Posted: 21 June,all,Icy Motto,Realistic. What else do you want.
76561198272671384,Recommended,242860,32975873,Posted: 28 June,all,DrunkDeLeon,"I have too many positives to list, so i'll just say, this is the best, and probably only realistic WW1 shooter, And yes i'm refering to the hypercompetative antics of BF1, which put this game ahead of BF1. I just wish that the Devs would bring back the Horrors of War DLC for purchase, as it is no longer in the game for the new players. They should take a page out of GTA 5's book, and permanently add DLC's aka updates."
,Recommended,242860,32912359,Posted: 27 June,all,Exile,"great game, very realistic"
,Recommended,242860,32924369,Posted: 28 June,all,Tendorine,Would get continually spawn Killed by a dude called Aardvark again 10/10
76561198101717646,Recommended,242860,32927038,Posted: 28 June,all,tim3616,"This is the best historical game I've ever played!Man, I am ready for the next game!So excited!"
,Recommended,242860,32915123,Posted: 27 June,all,your wafiuuu,wait you guys made a game mode about the truce HAHAHA well played!
,Recommended,242860,32930049,Posted: 28 June,all,TGrG,"You slowly walk across the trenches. Weapon in hand, gas mask on. You hear bullets flying all over the place. You aim down ironsights. As you turn in the corner, you see a soldier. You hold;OH MY GOD, IS THAT ONE OF OURS OR AN ENEMY? WHAT'S GOING ON? DO I SHOOT?The soldier thinks the same. You both hold for a moment.Then write your own damned ending, because every encounter is different. Verdun isn't kidding about being realistic and it's not kidding about being an authentic WW1 shooter. The weapons are slow, but deadly; balistics play a major role, considering most combat takes place across large fields. The experience in the trenches is amazing; walking slowly with your team, a brotherhood of men moving like tunnel rats to capture a point.Many say that Verdun isn't for everyone, but I disagree. It's a matter of adapting. Sure, if you come in this with the Counter-Strike logic, you're screwed. Frags are secondary (at best), working with the team is king. K/D ratio is only informational in the scoreboard; you WILL die. A lot. And you will like it.The game offer a variety of modes and the simpler ones involve weapon unlocks with points. There is a basic progression system at the end of each round. The primary mode is, however, where the game shines; standard TDM can be fun, but between the slow pace, the low visibility and the quality of the era-appropriate weapons, it can get infuriating if you aim for kills. Play the other modes, that involve pushing to capture points, repelling enemy pushes and so on and the game's a joy.Look, I first played the game during a free weekend and I hated it, because I went in with the wrong mindset and picked the wrong mode to really see the game's strengths. I decided to give it another shot during sales and it's fantastic. I'd recommend it to everyone, despite the occasional glitch or bug. It's slow-paced, but it's tense; it's fun and the community is the chillest community in any online shooter, ever. It's rare you don't see almost any animosity in chat and people from both sides just joke with one another; it's almost art immitating life. Verdun's chat is its own flavor of the Christmas Truce. Only with a lot more killing.So; get in there. It may take you a while to get acclimated to the oddities of the game, but it's worth the investment, especially during sales, both in time and money. If you've played any Red Orchestra game you'll feel right at home, but even if you haven't, give it a shot."
76561198310066246,Recommended,242860,32617428,Posted: 21 June,all,Wolf Yukuna,this is some realistic hardcore♥♥♥♥♥♥if u gonna run around and go 360 no scoping u will get  sniped from nowhere Cant wait for tannenberg i am for sure gonna buy all the dlcs for this lit game
,Recommended,242860,32968146,Posted: 28 June,all,The Cat Whisperer,"Great game. Its unfortunate that new players leave within their first few games but if you give it a shot and enjoy realistic WW1 warfare, its great. Really forces you to be strategic and if you have a full team, the communication and the strategy, like about how you peak, where to mortar, and so on, becomes super deep."
,Recommended,242860,32961272,Posted: 28 June,all,Revs,"Verdun: A game that you can sink countless hours into and still have a blast playing it.so far from what ive seen of the game it is a game that you need to be slightly passive in while also trying to take objectives and win the game for you and your team.Verdun feels like Call Of Duty World At War Mixed with a Battlefield 1 the game feels really realalistic when you fire the guns and the accuracys and recoil for the machine guns are not like any other first person shooter.Most of the gameplay involves taking cover in trenches behind rocks and getting a good spot to kill enemys without the seeing you. In Verdun Almost ever rifle 1 shots someone edless you get hit in the Foot or even sometimes the Leg. The pistols are allways a 2 shot kill no matter where you hit them, and the machine guns can vary from 1-3 shots depending on the range mostly 2 shots tho.Gameplay- 8.5/10My Personal Enjoyment- 9.5/10Game is really good and needs more people to play it. Buy it while its still 6 dollars.However once the game goes off of sale it will go back up to 25 dollars which is kinda pricey but it will be still worth it."
76561198070979111,Recommended,242860,28663246,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Caz,Great game but needs more maps and some weapons to be unnerfed.
76561198039366749,Recommended,242860,32991755,Posted: 29 June,all,Ihnspyre,"This is a slow-paced, historically accurate (as a game cand be) and true to its source of inspiration FPS. Lots of fun, lots of dying, lots of trying to learn the game, lots of frustration but an awesome game."
76561197990356358,Recommended,242860,32991837,Posted: 29 June,all,volt100,alot of fun.
,Recommended,242860,32996317,Posted: 29 June,all,Expesty1,"Yeah, cool game, semi-realistic (came here from bf1, this might not be triple a but still awesome"
76561198005152431,Recommended,242860,32995130,Posted: 29 June,all,Frontier Runner,This is the WW1 game I've always wanted.
76561198018676228,Recommended,242860,18496867,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Phunkmonk,THE BATTLE IS A DRAW.
76561198382500994,Recommended,242860,32988842,Posted: 29 June,all,Mantury,"hey guys, I really like your game and its so realistic!!! You guys are the best!!! I really want to play Tannenberg, because its really interesting! :D"
76561198114760767,Recommended,242860,32990033,Posted: 29 June,all,rautatanko,You will not find this accurate game of World War 1. It's awesome but still it has a lot of bugs. Without them the game would be near perfect
76561198186763301,Recommended,242860,32993056,Posted: 29 June,all,DurianReal1,Its a realy nice game
76561198345610284,Recommended,242860,28736037,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,nikolait,"Such a great game. I would suggest for those that are on a simple laptop throw your graphics in the game all the way down to have good gameplay. I must admit this is one of the hardest games I have every played (but I don't play many games). Super hard to see people unless you're close up. This is very realistic feeling, obviously I cannot speak from experience. But since playing the game I have found I truely enjoy the realism. Awesome game."
76561198069810162,Recommended,242860,32098842,Posted: 31 May,all,Joesixpack,top mem xd
,Recommended,242860,32096597,Posted: 31 May,all,D2.Edge  [ENG],good fun with a team of friends. solo is still fun but will get tiresome.
,Recommended,242860,29070610,Posted: 6 January,all,IGotBev,"This is one of the best games i have ever played. Good and funny community, harsh and realistic trench warfare combat, and good squadplay when you have the right people. Beware though this game is nothing like call of duty and Battlefield, seriously it is completely different and only for those that are okay with one shot one kill, getting killed from barbed wire, executed for not being on the map, and no grenade indicator. I'm so excited for the Tannenberg game they are coming out with soon because Verdun is a hidden gem for those who love realistic combat."
,Recommended,242860,32068702,Posted: 30 May,all,Sokpop,"No nonsense and well balanced. It takes a bit to get the hang of not getting bloody murdered immediatly after hopping over the trench.Would recommend this to anyone looking for a simple, skillfull and well-balanced shooter that doesn't get exhausting after a while."
,Not Recommended,242860,31969105,Posted: 26 May,all,Skyfox85,"Ok, so after my initial review got critisized I tried to give the game a go again...And again the game could not entertain me long enough to stay in for a full round.Even I was 1st in a full server.(In case you wondered I stayed long enough to get 31 kills over 8 deaths)Call me anything you want but its still my opinion that the animations are off.i.e.: when you are walking or running your hands/arms only sway in front of your chest.Then another example when you put a bullet in your rifle it just looks weird how your finger goes + the sound doesn't match the insertion of the bullet that's not exactly realistic and 9/10 games display this better and more realistic.Another thing are the sounds... walking on wooden planks clearly sounds as mono quality just as the scout plane flying over the battlefield... it may be nice in a charly chaplin movie but you will hear these clearly mono sounds together with clearly stereo sounds which makes the experience actually a bit cheap to me.All in all the game may entertain some like it did to me in the very beginning but it quickly became bored as soon I noticed the developers did not seriously improve on the things which should make it feel less like an alpha/early acces game... So unless you really seriously do not care about animations which could be from a 10+ year old game mixed with stereo and mono sounds... in that case you should be able to enjoy this game :)But to me these issues became a source of annoyance, but hey... who am I? Maybe I'm just spoiled by games as squad and rising storm 2 ;-)Feel free to discuss, just keep it clean"
,Recommended,242860,32130961,Posted: 2 June,all,procrastinator,"Decent gameplay, decent mechanics and interesting game modes. Also has several Asian servers with players - something Steam should display for every game in the store."
76561198096229913,Recommended,242860,32130991,Posted: 2 June,all,Sir Lax,"Excellent Game. Wanted for a long time to try it. Priced too high to try, but with the free week and discount is worth it for sure.  Played for free now I bought take advantage of the sale."
76561198045703549,Recommended,242860,32111846,Posted: 1 June,all,Hening,"Been researching Verdun and following reviews.  Finally played and purchased, and the graphics with the map modelings are excellent.  Weapons, uniforms, feel of the period are all there.  I don't have the instinctive feel for the environment yet, and there are a few things that are frustrating.  Dying on barbed wire is probably supposed to add some concept of realism, but it's simply and literally overkill.  Having been tossed into barbed wire myself off a horse and reading on combat situtations during the actual war, walking into barbed wire up to your knees did not result in death.  Being shot for desertion as an American for not getting back to a trench fast enough is another ridiculous situation.  Understood, that there needs to be forced positions but there has got to be a better way to deal with that.  Of all the game elements, that's seriously the most annoying, especially if you are a marksman covering an attack and suddenly have to run back to your lines and remember where they were.  Playing in a squad or at least having voice comms is a must.  So far, I've just been fumbling around on my own which is a great way to get sniped.  Many of the maps belong to the snipers, which also gets a little old.  I was nailed by the same person no less than four times in fifteen minutes no matter how I tried to approach the enemy lines.  Looking forward to learn more and get the full features of the simulation learned.  This is the one hundreth anniversary of the USA entering this war.  My grandfather and five of his brothers fought in France, so this is educational along with getting a better idea of what they faced."
,Recommended,242860,32130505,Posted: 2 June,all,AntonPolMan,My favourite WWI Game Totaly WORTH BUYING!!!
76561198032288514,Recommended,242860,32115691,Posted: 1 June,all,Makrove,"Machine guns are terrifying.Artillery is terrifying.Flamethrowers are terrifying.Rifles are terrifying.Pistols are terrifying.Barbed wire is terrifying.Bayonets/trench spades are terrifying.Tree stumps are terrifying.This game comes with a high degree of accuracy in that a 1:2 kdr is the norm. Automatic weapons are few, cumbersome beasts that eat bullets and will rip your sorry body several new structurally superfluous orifices. While outside of the trenches, people will be shooting at your team mates, your squad mates, the dirt all around you, and your sorry body, while artillery rains down on you like money at Valve during the Summer Sales. Inside the trenches, you can go upwards of two minutes without seeing an enemy, but at soon as there is one, there is all of the enemies. Artillery will continue to rain on you, but luckily it's friendly so it is less likely to kill you. Half of a second can make the difference between life and death, where who ever can land the first shot wins. The accuracy of the weapons can be a bit of a hindrance, as hip firing allows greater movement but has little accuracy while aiming means you can hit something while not able to react so well due to slower movement. The community is fun to play with and against, the maps are fun to run around while getting shot at from a pillbox. All in all, it is an enjoyable game if you like having your legs go in one direction and your body in a different direction, all though I had this game before it was on Steam, so I can say that it looks and acts nicer now that it did before."
76561198070407481,Recommended,242860,32118782,Posted: 1 June,all,Pyroshilov,"Despite me not being a multiplayer FPS Shooter fan and also me getting me♥♥♥♥♥handed to me in many matches this is really a nice,calm yet unsettling and realistic shooter based on WW1, none of that sprint around with an insanely big LMG mowing down people by the dozens fast paced nonsense. just a slow, quick thinking and steady shooter. most weapons especially rifles are one hit kills making sniping much more intense cause one shot and miss boom youre on the target list. if people prefer a slow,steady yet strategic and organised game where smarts beats insane strength to the fast paced run and gun♥♥♥♥♥♥of today (especially BF1) then i highly recommend this game. the Trenches mode requires quick thinking and a steady hand as all sorts of chaos rains down but if one doesnt like that i recommend either Defense or ""Attrition"" which is essentially Team Deathmatch which i play regularily. id play defense mode but...heh no one around to play it with...anyone wanna play with me? :)"
,Recommended,242860,32115889,Posted: 1 June,all,Rexlito,Great game and historically accurate! Dont expect to get a 30 kill streak! I'm running it on the lowest possible settings and it's still enjoyable!
76561198082540608,Recommended,242860,32116535,Posted: 1 June,all,Ashyboi,"I bought the game today and I have really enjoyed it. I played with a friend, and without. Both were fun experiences, and both were challenging too. This game is a very authentic first person WWI shooter, and the weapons all have some historical flavour text, which is very nice and a great idea of the developers. Overall, given the graphics, gameplay and playstyle potential, I would give this game a 9 out of 10.I would have made it a 10/10, but the attachments I buy for my rifles disappear after each session and therefore I lose career points I could have spent on something else. If this were to be changed, I would change the rating to a 10/10.I would, however, like to thank the devs for such a niche game, and such an immersive, realistic one too. It, in my opinion, far out-does Battlefield 1 and frankly I think that it is so good that it should not be compared to (the lesser) Battlefield 1.I would definitely recommend this game to others.P.SThank you (devs) once more for an amazing game. If the attachment bug (I assume it's a bug) ever gets fixed, I will be eternally grateful, and change my rating deservingly."
76561198035015119,Recommended,242860,32120898,Posted: 1 June,all,pilot,great game. great price. better whit friends and it got the german mp18 :)
76561198075853828,Recommended,242860,32120430,Posted: 1 June,all,ukztrippydez,one of the best ww1 fps shooters out there amazing feel to the game sharp and fast runs well 10/10 highly recomended ps need more maps and game modes
,Recommended,242860,32133984,Posted: 2 June,all,BajkoNツ csgosell.com,A good game about WWI. i recommend everybody who likes FPS and are intrested in WWI
,Recommended,242860,29259411,Posted: 14 January,all,GoodNewsEvryOne,"This game is hard, you will die over and over again. When you learn the about the trenchs and gain an understanding you will still ♥♥♥♥ing die cause everyone is better then you, but its fun."
76561198089051892,Recommended,242860,27768977,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,eye hole man,great game
,Recommended,242860,28925752,Posted: 1 January,all,Rider,"Honestly, a great game.  Would be even better if I had good graphics, but is still a great game.  Mechanics work pretty good, except the co-op (vs. bots) as the bots lag around quite often.  On the other hand, multiplayer works great."
,Recommended,242860,29053254,Posted: 5 January,all,flexelectric,This game is amazing. It is a world war 1 realistic game that is just awesome. I would recommend this game for anyone who just wants to have fun and play a good game.
,Recommended,242860,29051144,Posted: 5 January,all,MooseIsLoose185,"Very fun multiplayer game, it's great fun no matter if you have a friend in the game or not. Each class is unique and while some are harder to play then other, those harder ones give more satisfaction when you get a kill. Definitely a good choice if you enjoy shooter games, especially if you want to see a world war one game. Also, the christmas truce is a nice addition for the holidays."
,Recommended,242860,29146777,Posted: 9 January,all,Wacky Toabbacy,"Amazing game, i like playing the Bratwurst (Germans)! simple game. love it for all that it is.... down with the Baguettes"
,Recommended,242860,28471222,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Psymetric,Fun game! love the amount of weapons and the languages! also hit/kill system is reallly good. seems quite realistic. (one hit = kill).Only thing that bothers me is that the Machine Gunners (automatic rifles) are way to underpowered. You have to 'set it up'. But the moment you set it up and shoot 10 rounds out of a 100 you get noticed. Then you get shot. So you never really can get any supressive fire or have an overwatch op curtain areas.Also it is quite unclear how the capturing system works (in the beginning). so maybe an in game explanation/tutorial.
,Recommended,242860,28740127,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ϟ ϟDerpSpy,Cool game!! WWI experience is intense!!
,Recommended,242860,30128171,Posted: 23 February,all,TheLagFairy,"I love this game, and for a small dev crew this is fantasitc quality. It does have some bugs here and there, but the gameplay more them makes up for it.If you didn't like hardcore mode in CoD or Battlefield then you might not like this game, but I do say at leat give it a try at the very least."
76561198106549250,Recommended,242860,32242666,Posted: 7 June,all,Jimmeh,"Great game, wish it had more players. at this point you may as well wait for the eastern front game that comes out later this ytear but this is still good."
76561198049787948,Recommended,242860,32241830,Posted: 7 June,all,TheWalkingBen,"A FPS that doesn't completely rely on dexterity but requires a lot of strategy and patience while still being extremely action packed and tense! Hard to pick up at first and get around the winning conditions, but go in this game as a team and you’re guaranteed to have a great time after a couple of hours of learning and refining!"
76561198066480824,Recommended,242860,32115269,Posted: 1 June,all,𝓨𝓾𝓴𝓲 <3,"Got this game on a deal so didnt pay full price, well what to say? fairly decent game only probelms I can see are the option to change your name every 5 seconds if you wish! 2.constant abuse of other players in the chat, 3.Spawn killerswaiting to see what the 2nd game they release will bring any improvements to the above as its a fairly decent game just tarred by the above issues. Get rid of the chat (toxic) stop spawn killers and itll be a great game then so a 6/10 for me atm"
76561198391789279,Recommended,242860,32264666,Posted: 8 June,all,GV Failed Abortion,Thouroughly enjoy this game honestly have too be the best ww1 shooter out there.
76561198165650649,Recommended,242860,32125450,Posted: 2 June,all,Lone_Wolf,"Verdun is so great! You can have lots of laughs with mates as it is only multiplayer and also you can get it on sale price RIGHT NOW for only £5.60!!! How good is that! Its well worth checking out, but hurry as the sale ends in 7 hrs!! It is a great game with so many features like levelling up your character to become greater and earning lots of achievements and medals throughout the game! It is very very fun and I know you will enjoy it!!!"
,Recommended,242860,32270677,Posted: 8 June,all,FattyPig,"I think that this game is overall good. Would recommend for people without origin to buy instead of Battlefield one. It's a lot more realistic in mechanics than other FPS Games, such as COD, Ghost Recon, and many others. It has its fair share of similarities to BF1 but it's a different game. Minor to Large Glitches can occur. 7 8/9 stars out of 10."
76561198132298668,Recommended,242860,32269133,Posted: 8 June,all,TheLaughingPineapple,"A great World War One game, one of the best. Play with realistic grittiness and witness the terrible environment online. Join a squad to help support the battlfield on the Triple Entente or the Central Powers side. If you are at all interested in a WWI setting you will enjoy it, so buy it when it's on sale, and play so that the fanbase can thrive!"
76561198153241341,Recommended,242860,24324834,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,"Yours Truly, Stalin",8.9/10 not enough PTSD -Ign
76561198248115792,Recommended,242860,32152466,Posted: 3 June,all,M4D_L3O,"Forget about Battlefield 1 or any other Cod game, those are arcades...This game is actually realistic... You dont cover you die, dont know where the enemy is, cant spot an enemy, rifles are more effective than machineguns in long range and vice versa..."
,Recommended,242860,32145939,Posted: 3 June,all,Grandpa Hexxe,memey
,Recommended,242860,32160444,Posted: 3 June,all,ThatWhiteSkin,"Amazing game, super realistic, great gameplay, one shot one kill"
,Recommended,242860,32162104,Posted: 3 June,all,The Sergeant | FT,"Warning: Buying this game will get you the most raw depiction of trench warfare.That being said, it's also got plenty of kinks and oddities left in it after all these years.But it's still more fun than battlefield 1. TTK is almost non-existant, melees are one hit kill, weapons are locked to their respective squads and nations and a weapon sound update is in the works.The reason I bought this game however, is for the teamwork.Verdun rewards you for playing with friends in a squad by linking the squad progression (seperate from player progression) to who you play with, squad xp is retained with each group you play with. It also takes a lot of effort to get from one trench to another, making squad coordination all the more important. Finally, you are issued your kits and classes based on which nation and which regiment you play as, the french wield french rifles, germans have Machine-gewhers, etc.So grab some friends or buddy up with the squad you get stuck with, just do some research beforehand, watch someone else play it and learn how the classes work."
,Recommended,242860,28722912,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sweet Whiskey,A fantastic game for people who like world war one and realistic shooter although this game might not get as much attention form the devs after tannenburg is out but the game is practicly finished.
76561198068984498,Recommended,242860,32164651,Posted: 3 June,all,troopercard,"Can take the place of a millenial from the last centruy trapped in a trench with my friends. As we stand in our tarnished mud slacked boots my NCO can blow his whistle and scream for my unit to go over the trench.  As I run towards the German emplacement I can watch my fellow soldiers get cut down in front of me from either the barbed wire or the Maschinengewehr '08/15 that's being fired from a fortified emplacement. I'm shot by in the neck by what appeared to be an Austrian officer with an automatic Lugar. I fall into a nearby hole, holding my throat as I bleed to death looking up at the blue sky. And then I respawn. 10/10"
76561198206504867,Recommended,242860,32182059,Posted: 4 June,all,VRO,"The idea of the game is there, but the game itself is pretty buggy. Its definately fun to play though"
76561198130465226,Recommended,242860,32184138,Posted: 4 June,all,BANKSTER1913,"This game is very interesting and has clearly had much effort put into it, yet more is to be done.  The weapons function appropriatly (except for netcode glitches especially on the scoped rifles) for the time, and the maps and playercounts are all very functional for the maps and game  modes presented.  Being able to upgrade as well as switch classes and teams function better and are easier to do than on most first person shooters (FPS).  The coolness factor is much higher than that of nearly every other FPS, and that is probably due to the detail and historical acuracy (and effort) of the game.  The game is a good buy for just a little over $26 (including tax), but would be almost perfect with glitches and lag fixed.  Maneruving the player is difficult with steep pits and objects (like ladders and shell pits) and some guns (scoped rifles, the shotgun, and maybe the luger) seem to have netcode issues.  With such issues patched, the game would be very good for under $30, but still, with its flaws, it is decent."
76561198117775263,Recommended,242860,32182292,Posted: 4 June,all,12theoncomingstorm,"It's not perfect, but what game is? Really enjoyable, very realistic, definitely worth picking it up, especially when it's on sale."
76561198199951814,Recommended,242860,32182555,Posted: 4 June,all,Danger Aaron,"This game is amazing!  Quick tip once you buy it (cause i know you will, turn on gore in the option menu...ITS REALISTIC WHILE AT THE SAME TIME HALARIOUS!!"
76561198134130409,Recommended,242860,32159828,Posted: 3 June,all,_dqmn.,yesis good yes
,Recommended,242860,32158706,Posted: 3 June,all,Random,"A great multiplayer FPS. You fight in a realistic battlefield alongside your fellow soldiers, holding trenches, charging across the no man's land, capturing lines of defense. There are many roles to play in this game, including machine gunner, sniper, and rifleman, just to name a few. They all have their own play style and you can choose how you want to play. The game is easy to play, but to master it requires strategy, skill, and teamwork. Overall, I'd say it's a really solid online FPS, and the gameplay is very fun. I'd give it a 9/10. Perfect if you like WW1, FPS's, and multiplayer games."
76561198025811228,Recommended,242860,30342605,Posted: 5 March,all,nayrangnu,Very nice wave-based FPS. The historicity of the game is a plus. Fun in death matches too.
76561198034330063,Recommended,242860,29756031,Posted: 6 February,all,Force buy Negev,"very unique gameplay and features, a few small grievances along the way but overall very enjoyable for those looking for an FPS that strays from the standard COD or Battlefield experience."
,Recommended,242860,31025007,Posted: 8 April,all,Kilroy,"Buy Verdun for an authentic realistic depcition of WW1Buy Battlefield 1 for a more arcade like graphically superior WW1 gameVerdun is a great game and sits a long side one of those immserive, authentic first person shooters.If you are into the World War setting, buy this game!"
,Recommended,242860,30055997,Posted: 20 February,all,MrEtela,Pretty good WW1 shooter. I think theres only one flaw and that's the clunky movement.
76561198106563721,Recommended,242860,30063362,Posted: 20 February,all,Big shot,This game is just so fun
,Recommended,242860,30050645,Posted: 19 February,all,Heyzeus,"This is the first honest review I have ever writen for a game. let me start out by saying how much time and effort and care went into this game. It being from a smaller company and it having the ability to keep your attention and having the ability to never get boring is amazing. you don't start off with assault rifles like in any other fps on the market, you get a slow bolt action rifle and whatever else you get with you. Having to wait to chamber another round knowing that your enemy is right around the corner is a terrifying thought and the addition of the environment and the amazing sound design recreates the bloodiest war in modern history. the inability to choose your weapons and only havnig what is given to you keeps the game interesting and forces you to adapt to your surroundings and to modify your play style. It's amazing how you can get a six kill streak and think you're on top of the world and then a brand new player picks you off while you're too preoccupied being a cocky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. i don't find an issue with this game really. The twitching corpses that are freshly killed, the odd movement requirements like how you can't crawl over a peice of sheet metal all makes sense for this game. What looks like glitches and what looks like the product of a lazy developer is actually contributing to the realism in a goofy way and I love it."
76561198082752346,Recommended,242860,30043061,Posted: 19 February,all,Rob Gronkowski,"According to Battlefield 1 80% of weapons used in The Great War were assault rifles, Verdun is much more realistic and far more historically accurate. This is the best game about The Great War i have ever played."
76561198032362485,Recommended,242860,30046790,Posted: 19 February,all,RogueP40Warhawk,"Verdun: mud, blood, more mud, dirt, gas, and trenches with everything listed previously. you spawn in then die in barbed wire the end. 10/10 will play again. ps its better with friends. also gas mask is 4."
76561198126837828,Recommended,242860,30048807,Posted: 19 February,all,BLANCKETOWNER45,I LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198355115082,Recommended,242860,30132576,Posted: 23 February,all,SquatingSlovak,"Very realistic graphics and weaponry, great detail in maps. Very fun"
,Recommended,242860,31834239,Posted: 18 May,all,Mrswaggypants1,"If you're looking for an immersive and a historical fps then this is the game to play, Battlefield 1 costs 3 times as much and is  nowhere near as fun, with a wide range of classes and weaponry, this game truly makes you feel like you are part of a team and that the decisions you make matter. It is an easy game to pick up and understand but difficult to master. If you are looking for an intense, immersive and enjoyable experience, this is the game to get."
76561198056835566,Recommended,242860,31809340,Posted: 17 May,all,Panzerman,Fixed freezing bug
76561198129849456,Recommended,242860,31811311,Posted: 17 May,all,Your Worst Nightmare,I joined a server saw a squad called French bread I fell in love with this game immediately.10/10 Would get shot in the groin by a German again.And yes this game is a must buy in case you couldn't tell by the part on top.
76561198071451194,Recommended,242860,31846205,Posted: 19 May,all,ArmedWombat,Extremly fun.Go get it!
76561198041310552,Recommended,242860,31843598,Posted: 19 May,all,denabwasch,it make's fun  and is more realistic than battlefield onealwso it's cheaper and much more hardcore wich i like
76561198029720856,Recommended,242860,31876719,Posted: 21 May,all,Takie_Dela,Very fun oldschool-style hardcore shooter. By gameplay mechanics it reminds me Arma. Definitely recommend.
76561197987021527,Recommended,242860,31880896,Posted: 21 May,all,Gonzo,> real!
76561198002213832,Recommended,242860,31886863,Posted: 21 May,all,werrut5,Great squad based combat and setting. I am a huge fan of WW1 history and I think this game really hit the nail on the head. I have only played it by myself but I think it would be more fun with a number of friends playing at the same time.
76561198183025335,Recommended,242860,31883371,Posted: 21 May,all,KING BOBO,"This game is super fun, I would recommend it to everybody who likes First-Person Shooters and likes WWI. Even though it might be a little tough to get good at the game it is super fun, I actually made a friend by playing for the Doughboys and he asked people if they wanted to see his shovel I said yes and we became friends. My favorite gun id the BAR"
76561198106935962,Recommended,242860,31888419,Posted: 21 May,all,Capt Miser,Verdun is a great game. The game introduces the famous charges and artillery.But the scale can be fixed because the battles in game are 32 player and ww1 is massive like 64 player servers.Last thing is that you should first watch some vids on verdun because it takes a lot of practice.
,Recommended,242860,31888406,Posted: 21 May,all,makingausernameonthespotishard,Just try it out
,Recommended,242860,31896139,Posted: 21 May,all,FActchestGames,"Beautiful mate just CHARGE MATES!!! seriously its a beautiful game for gameplay realistic, fun, its good and I cant afford BF1 so I bought this and was like meh at the start and then I was like OH YEAH"
,Recommended,242860,31888716,Posted: 21 May,all,Battlestar Autism,"Went to a trench, saw a burnt corpse, thought to myself ""gee this is brutal"", got beaten to death with a shovel.11/10 would get shot again."
,Recommended,242860,15266032,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Omega,it has some bugs and preformance issues.but I like it.2 years later: this game has matured very well.
76561198090147945,Recommended,242860,31964189,Posted: 25 May,all,Blind Ian,Greatest WW1 Game! Trench Warfare at its finest.Can't wait for Tannenberg!
76561198110569881,Recommended,242860,31976854,Posted: 26 May,all,LordRevan1989,"Like Dark Souls, except you're in a trench and get murdered by a shovel wielding angry German.One of the best first person shooter games I've ever played, but one does have to be patient with it. At first you will die constantly and wonder where you're being shot from especially since there's no kill camera. But for me this simply portrays the brutality of WW1. You need to communicate and work with your team a bit more than other games, and sadly new players tend not to realize this until its too late.Now because the devs were going for a more authentic experience It's not Hollywood flashy like Battlefield 1 (although I do like BF 1 too), and provides more authenticity in terms of how trench warfare was actually fought.The Entente and the Central Powers each have their own squads. A squad is a 4 man group, of which 4 squads can be on a side. This means games are 16v16, and while that seems small, a full game feels like there are far more people playing. As this is a Western Front game the countries represented in the game include France, Scotland, U.K, U.S, Belgium, Germany and Canada.There are bugs in the game, as this is not a AAA title but they aren’t game breaking. Frustrating sometimes but they can be overcome. Overall, for around $26 it’s a great pickup and if that’s still too much, there are sales occurring fairly often."
,Recommended,242860,31977356,Posted: 26 May,all,KawaiiPrincess,"11/10 if this was a lass, it'd be Shakira. Top notch content"
,Recommended,242860,31981870,Posted: 26 May,all,eabparents,good game but has no campane i'm lazy i don't care about spelling but if you see this game creater add campane plz
76561198023489409,Recommended,242860,31923747,Posted: 23 May,all,_Sarge_,Great game. Fun to play. 10/10 IGN
76561198077881079,Recommended,242860,29679081,Posted: 3 February,all,NegativeZero,Fun but tough.10/10Would die by over-powered wire again.
76561198159630703,Recommended,242860,29282039,Posted: 15 January,all,Nitro,This is a great game that recreates WW1 pretty well. although on occasion the US Marine uniforms don't load and i just see a floating head
76561198105558966,Recommended,242860,29263400,Posted: 14 January,all,343pandaman,grate game the best part is the wave defence
,Recommended,242860,29813341,Posted: 9 February,all,stum76,Been playing since early access and just wanted to say this game is fing awesome. would defiantly recommend.
,Recommended,242860,29793661,Posted: 8 February,all,tab,"realistic, good, awesome, amazing, trenches, rifles, artillery"
76561198079000751,Recommended,242860,29794819,Posted: 8 February,all,zooke94,Unique team dynamics make for perfect co-op style multiplayer shooter
,Recommended,242860,29797764,Posted: 9 February,all,Jezza Smylyn,good game ayyy
76561198034073083,Recommended,242860,29710929,Posted: 4 February,all,The Lost Gingerino,"1. Satisfying Weapons2. Encourages Team Play3. More realistic than BF1-1. Sometimes it feels like there was no way you did not hit him.-2. Little expensive-3. Not a ton of players, and most only play the standard gamemode, which makes the other gamemodes kinda sucky.I have a lot of fun playing this game. I do wish there was a little more diversity with weapons. Basic and fun, slightly competitive gameplay."
,Recommended,242860,29769077,Posted: 7 February,all,20000lbs of Cheese,"If you love squinting at pixels that are mostly likely trying to kill you, this is your game."
76561198253347517,Recommended,242860,32938022,Posted: 28 June,all,HyperSonicNinja ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°,AMAZING GAME!
,Recommended,242860,32940404,Posted: 28 June,all,Joey Fox,"Just bought this game and played it for awhile so here's the pros and cons.Pros:Realistic WW1 game you'll ever get.Makes you focus on objectives instead of running around going AWOLImmersive GameplayGood Quality Sound EffectsDefinitely not a play to win gameA Plug & Play game. Easy to get into,Large map for you to run aroundCons:Quite a long duration for respawningCan't really spot an enemy because the enemy is too far away! By the time you spotted the enemy, he've already killed you,You need atleast a 20inch monitor to play this game, So say goodbye to gaming laptops.Good Graphic and doesn""t require too good of a graphic card.Low Server Availability.Reload Animation is really slowSniper Scope is too sluggish and hard to control. The zoom is too strong that i rather play without the scope. Got more kills using an ironsight than having a sniper scope attached.Overall, the game is fine if you got a big monitor and its a good game to burn your time with. If you got a small monitor please leave this game alone. And if you're a competitive player, don't even try. This game is for casual gamers."
76561198064783913,Recommended,242860,32840747,Posted: 26 June,all,Kapten Adib,Nothing can match a real world war 1 as this game. Verdun!
76561198114796499,Recommended,242860,32841824,Posted: 26 June,all,Super___Pug,this is a well put together game the maps are big and look like WWI the guns are amazing looking the competition is real would love to see more added and maybe a esports league
76561198125971408,Recommended,242860,32872830,Posted: 27 June,all,Siuol Drawdoow™,"Good, fun and addictive"
76561197973545135,Recommended,242860,32827051,Posted: 26 June,all,Staypuft,It's only the best ww1 shooter on the market
,Recommended,242860,32827480,Posted: 26 June,all,FlyingOktober,Very good more realistic than battlefield but not quite as good graphics but none the less a very good ww1 fps and for a great price
,Recommended,242860,32831716,Posted: 26 June,all,Richard Kickem,This is a really enjoyable game. I loved every second I played.
76561198103167729,Recommended,242860,29347774,Posted: 18 January,all,DecisiveVictory,10/10 would get spawnkilled again.
76561197971974997,Recommended,242860,29344236,Posted: 18 January,all,Kampflabor,This is the REAL WWI FPS!!!
,Recommended,242860,29341569,Posted: 18 January,all,jhfridhem,Nice
,Recommended,242860,18047680,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Baron Cardenas III,"The only way that this game could be more realistic is if you were born in Europe in 1895-1896, grew up, went to school, fell in love, decided to become a soldier, went through eight months of training, got to the front line and then immediately get shot in the face the first day that you're there. Because war is hell and when the ♥♥♥♥ are the Americans going to show up lol?!10/10 - Would get Gangrene again."
,Recommended,242860,31099882,Posted: 12 April,all,Drew,"I really enjoy this game. It creates a really great atmosphere of chaos, and yet it forces you to discipline yourself and remain calm throughout the powerful explosions and gunshots. I like to keep my volume up and just listen to the hell around me as I play. The guns are really fun to use, although I think some of the reload animations are a little stiff feeling, they give a real sense of firing a powerful gun, the rifles sound impactful and really add a layer of immersion to the gameplay. Definitely would recommend buying, worth the $25."
76561197990343893,Recommended,242860,18113164,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,FoxyStyle,"Very nice game but, there's not enought people enjoying this wonderful game yet. Don't hesitate to buy this!"
,Recommended,242860,22010988,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Nitrocidic,Just buy it alreadywhat are you waiting for
76561197994748339,Not Recommended,242860,21754104,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Spartan,"In general I'd recommend this game, but there are still plenty of Issues. So here a quick listing about what is good, and then what still needs to be fixed about this game.Pros:- Firstly it is a great and unique shooter with a beautifully executed WW1 setting- The gameplay is fast paced and challenging (at least if on the german side)- The maps are widely varied and really offer very different combat situations- A lot of attention is paid to historical accuracy, you can really see the effort and love the devs put into this- Even with the balancing problems it is loads of fun to playCons:- There is only one con for me at the moment, and that's the balancing of the game. It's pretty much non-existant at this point, with almost every map and definitely the weapons and other equipment being completely in favour of the entente. Even the maps favour Entente heavily. Basically playing Entente is like playing a game on easy mode, while playing for the German Empire is oftentimes a frustrating challenge. So if this is a big point for you, then this won't be much fun for you. Honestly I barely play this anymore due to this problem, it's pretty much game breaking for anyone not playing the entente faction.Also the Devs seem to have to philosophy of ""let's add new content but never fix anything about the game or its' balancing""I'll update my review as things change, but this is it for now."
76561198065680036,Recommended,242860,30164883,Posted: 25 February,all,Gustavio,Pretty good game tbh.  The rifle deathmatch is almost like old school cod2
,Recommended,242860,30136427,Posted: 24 February,all,"[FC] Nebchan, Anime Man",better than Battlefield 1
76561198028032731,Recommended,242860,30174001,Posted: 25 February,all,Revan,The only thing that'd make this game better is if it had ANZACS.
76561197995779363,Recommended,242860,30130529,Posted: 23 February,all,DotyNoty,...
76561198038228924,Recommended,242860,30225970,Posted: 27 February,all,Wersil__SkV,"Отличная игра! Система сражений, эпичные бои, много типов юнитов, один минус то что нет подразделений Российской армии."
76561198143528730,Recommended,242860,30218569,Posted: 27 February,all,Leonidas3234,"I have really enjoyed this game. I am very satisfied with the graphics and historical accuracy of the gameplay and general setting. I really appreciate that a game was made to really accurately remember and relive The Great War.If I could give any recommendations it would be to add a few German songs from the time period, you already have quite a few British ones. Off the top of my head I would suggest ""Alte Kameraden"".One thing that is a shame, is that on the Asian servers, there is rarely anyone to be seen, so I have to go to the EU server. As a European living in Asia, this means that I often get very high Ping, but I suppose there isn't much that can be done about that."
,Recommended,242860,30208461,Posted: 26 February,all,(CC)Toan (A-10 Thunderbolt),"Verdun 1916-1918.WW1 based FPS, with some uncommon game mechanics, which make the game unique and interesting. The game turns out quite well, although at first I thought all the long-range engagements from the trenches would be hard and boring, the game renders amazingly fast at far distances, allowing you to shoot from across trenches. It's main game mechanic of charge and defensive is unique and well made. It's guns and gun-unlocking mechanic is similair to that of COD:BO2, where at each rank you get a few coins (depending on rank) to unlock a weapon. The game's squad mechanic works out quite nicely, and its teambalancing is also quite good. The only problem is that the teambalancing mechanic doesn't have such a huge impact. Once an enemy is in the trench, they could spawn kill you if you spawn within your trench. Sometimes the scope bugs out and you can't see through it, the gas attacks are quite useless due to the low damage and gasmasks and the pistols are OP (common thing people say in Verdun)Do I recommend Verdun? DefinitlyRating? 9/10, could be better with vehicles, or atleast player-controlled strikes, such as the Squad's leader bombing/recon."
76561198115158504,Recommended,242860,14537676,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Abu Hajaar,"pretty lit, alls well on the western front,"
,Recommended,242860,30204131,Posted: 26 February,all,5haie,"This game is a really nice war game if you like WW1-WW2 then this is the game for you. Also, the graphics are quite good and it is very playable."
,Recommended,242860,30195442,Posted: 26 February,all,Franklin,Great game!
76561198086216955,Recommended,242860,30188352,Posted: 25 February,all,™Джастин Великий,Very good game! I enjoy playing it. Time flies by while playing it!
,Recommended,242860,31186030,Posted: 16 April,all,JHD,Verdun's a very good game. It's an original idea for an FPS. It's a good break from fast-paced shooters like CSGO.
,Recommended,242860,26452295,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,George 'n' George,Best PTSD simulator 2016
76561198018817596,Recommended,242860,25723807,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sato,Nice great game ww1
76561198126772842,Recommended,242860,31180938,Posted: 16 April,all,Azshara,"i love the game, i play a few matches at a time. the game definitely gives you a WW1 feeling. sometimes you run mindlessly into MG's up the♥♥♥♥♥♥and get slaughtered constantly, other times you can have snipers up the♥♥♥♥♥♥popping you in the head the moment you go prone -> crouch -> stand. only thing i dont like is that there isn't Historic Battles, or a real time adjusting front line. 9/10 Baby steps at this rate, and this game will be better than BF1"
,Recommended,242860,30269178,Posted: 1 March,all,Gorbachev's Birthmarxism,10/10 would lsiten to the screams of dying men again
,Recommended,242860,30211810,Posted: 26 February,all,Maxo,"The game is very fun and is an actual WW1 game, unlike BF1. But, like in BF1, a lot of the player who play the game are HORRIBLE at the game and watching them play is like watching bots play!Beside the many bot like players who like to be useless and be horrible at sniping, instead of being a good boy and simply be a number in the trench, the gunplay is fun and punishes stupid plays, the game runs well for me, looks nice and the agonizing screams of your dying teammates is quite a nice addition to the game!Although the community is small, I would highly recommend picking this game up during a sale!"
,Recommended,242860,28684094,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,A Russian Guy,"I played 200 hours of BF1 now, and can't stop myself from coming back to this. Verdun is just awesome, way more realistic and historical accurate. They nailed the trench warfare and in Verdun the French army isen't an f*cking DLC-feature-nonsense-pack, this is the real video picture of how things was done."
,Recommended,242860,25351052,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,playoftheyear,"In the vein of games like Red Orchestra, here you are given a limited inventory and as much help and knowledge to not crap your pants and thrown into the War to End All Wars. Battle for territory in trenches and across No Man's Land, structured into offensive and defensive turns against the enemy. Expect to recieve and deliver grief in this harcore multiplayer FPS.Next, there are some issues overall with a bevy of undesirable occurences arising during gameplay.-There is a damn instakill shooting glitch that needs to be addressed as it is overused in close combat.-The graphical clipping is atrocious.-I have never been instakilled so much and so often before. Immediate death alot of times with no sense of impact or feeling that the other player had skill (although they probably do, but it is unfathomable to witness plus overcome the nausea of dieng constantly),-and the game is damn near goreless no matter what the latest update says. I felt lucky when I seen my poor soldier's leg blown off, definetely a rare occurence.I used to think that I could not  recommend Verdun in this state and how it has been for so long. But I accepted the challenge. Considering that you can be fighting in less than a minute from steam library. Sure Luck is involved - Yes, but so much more is Skill. This is War, plain and simple. Authentic music, uniforms, weapons, tactics. The Unity engine is basically fun. The cheap deaths do not deter the player from trying again as losing is never a single player's absolute fault yet the teamwork is superbly gratifying.The accumulative squad system based upon gaining all kinds of field bonuses has you sticking together for the utmost benefit. Being aligned  with the same players for it to be in effect, makes Verdun a legitimate friend maker.Each squad has room for 4, one for each of 4 unique classes per regiment each with 3 unlockable weapon loadouts. The two sides of the conflict are made up of 16 per side although a new 64 player server has been up.Your time will be divided between standing, crouching and going prone to best suit the situation  providing cover and stealth on the maps that are really good and it pays to have an understanding of every portion of each one.Verdun really feels like it is trying to be a reenactment of sorts and sometimes you have to be in the mood for it. This is the 100th anniversary of the WWI in 2016. I watched my brother play Battlefield 1 very often and Verdun is nothing alike that powerhouse of gaming. Instead this is a much more concentrated after coagulated experience albeit lesser refined but a ton more realistic."
76561198011858917,Not Recommended,242860,21533291,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Seddrik,"I played this game in open Beta.  Loved it.  While the game play is the same, there are WAY too much NCO spam (mortar waves, hack vision airplanes).MORTARS:  I know the mortars are an attempt at ""realism""... but theres a point where it just detracts from the player vs player action to have huge area of effect spam.  I have been in many games with 4 NCOs using 10 mortars per use (when maxed) every 30 seconds.  There is no pvp...AIRPLANES:  I understand the theory for ""recon"" planes.  But is it in any way realistic to have recon planes flying over and showing the position and facing of every last person on the other team?  And again... I have been in matches where all 4 NCOs used thos so that... the moment one plane is gone... another appears.  they know where u are 24/7.  Think you can crawl to that really good sniping spot u like?  Nope.  They see you before you even top the berm.  think you can in a hole and wait for them to come round a corner?  Nope.  They see you there and what direction you are facing.  Even if you are under a roof.  Planes see everything.  There is no PVP...DISCONNECTS:  There are also regular game errors & freezing.  Its not on my end.  No other game does this.  I've verfied files and even redownloaded.  Still happens.  Sometimes multiple times in a row.------Edit 2-7-17They have made some changes, creating some coop modes which are actually fun and challenging.  I still wish they didn't have the plane and mortar spam in the pvp mode.  Really ruins the pvp.I'm not having the constant disconnect issues now. Which is great."
,Recommended,242860,33108310,Posted: 1 July,all,CloakedEye,"Three Words... Trenchfoot, Motar, PTSD Thats is This Game. Would Reccomend!!!"
,Recommended,242860,33108317,Posted: 1 July,all,Recordist,Move carefully to get out of barbed wire simulator.
76561198119146004,Recommended,242860,33105721,Posted: 1 July,all,PotatoAimBOT -=Swogg=-,"Heres my first impression of Verdun, as Ive only played about 45 minutes or so: The graphics are great. Not the best I've ever seen, but good to the point of making the game quite immersive. The animations/ movements, however, are quite stiff, and the sound effects are not very good in quality. In the time I've played so far though, the gameplay seems to make up for those downfalls. It is very satisfying when eliminating enemies and pushing forward on the map, and the ranking system leaves more to be desired, driving you to get kills and move up in the game. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a good historical shooter, but is willing to look past some of the flaws in the quality of effects in the game."
,Recommended,242860,33107735,Posted: 1 July,all,Mustard Tiger,The stuff that you learn in school is what this game is
76561198032998391,Recommended,242860,33109560,Posted: 1 July,all,Arroyo1992,"Really solid game, weapons of all types feel very effectual , the game has a fairly mature player base.There is a progession system, the game runs well, hugs 90 fps on high 1080 on an RX 480If you're playing frontline, there's a really interesting push pull mechanic to it that feels authentic and engaging , capture the point, hold it , if you fail to hold it you fall back and so on .I have thoroughly enjoyed this game and would absolutely recommend it ."
,Recommended,242860,33183098,Posted: 3 July,all,KonBanWa,"You are in a trench, in ww1, using action-bolt rifles, cant see the enemy, but the enemy will kill you over and over and over again.That's basically verdun. Great FPS game, history correct, will recommend for people that likes challenge"
76561197992191818,Recommended,242860,33190159,Posted: 3 July,all,NRum7366,"Good fun, feel authentic, need more gametypes like not just squad defence but attack alsoor add on or spin offs like american civil war."
,Recommended,242860,33204345,Posted: 3 July,all,Tinder,"Verdun is a pretty fun game. I enjoy it more than Battlefield 1 due to the use  of authentic weapons in the game. While occasionally the game has performance issues, it generally runs and plays well."
,Recommended,242860,31261599,Posted: 20 April,all,✡ The Merchant of Newport ✡,"Pretty good, there are almost no WWI games out there that try to be somewhat accurate to this periods warfare"
76561197995911949,Recommended,242860,24271391,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Git Gudenberg,IM NAMEN DES KAISERS!!!19/14
,Recommended,242860,33149199,Posted: 2 July,all,Le Wild PotatoBison,One of the Best WW1 games out there
,Recommended,242860,33154831,Posted: 2 July,all,Pa_Pa,"Verdun is a wonderful game to not only play solo, but an even better one to play with friends. As this game is based around squadmates working together and towards a common goal- winning.Verdun also has some gamemodes to further the squad experience for example ""Squad Defense."" In this gamemode (quite explanatory) you and your comrades defend against waves and waves of enemy soldiers. This just happens to be my favorite gamemode.Though this is just a snip-it of what Verdun is about, I hope this review helps people who are looking to buy this game. My recomendation in total is so: buy this game not just for yourself but for your friends, as everything is better with them."
,Recommended,242860,33239355,Posted: 4 July,all,Zeruel,"Dear reader,I am not as weathered too the conditions of the frontlines, but I strive to see it through. In my few hours there a few things I've collected: The colors are drab, following the trench lines can be disorienting. Peering for two seconds over the parapet is too long. Breathe and be bold move as a unit, for salvation this we must believe."
,Recommended,242860,33232663,Posted: 4 July,all,mikagamer99,really cool game but it was be cooler if there is cobat in cities
,Recommended,242860,33238708,Posted: 4 July,all,InsertGoodNameHere,"7/10Very entertaining multiplayer however, i think the game would be better with a singleplayer campign or at least a singleplayer ai only mode for the people who are a little less ""good"" with multiplayer fps games... Overall though, it is a very good game!"
,Recommended,242860,31853606,Posted: 19 May,all,TiddlesTheCat,"Pretty decent gameIf you can actually find a match, that is"
76561198084770206,Recommended,242860,33329844,Posted: 6 July,all,Shag,"battlefield 1 is children game, verdun is man game.buy if your into game that give you ptsd"
,Recommended,242860,33332970,Posted: 6 July,all,Cr0c0dile486,"I gotta say having finally gotten around to playing battlefield 1, this is legit. Verdun is a real WWI simulator. Though it would be cool if they simulated the christmas truce soccer match too. Still this game is very entertaining for exploring the trenches and weaponry and difficulty of WWI."
,Recommended,242860,33325973,Posted: 6 July,all,Tiberiusen Banannen,One of the most realistic/fun FPS games I've played in a while!Pros:-Kind community/No flame-No server lag/host problems-Fun to play alone and even funnier with mates-Decent variety of weapons and classes-Detailed mapsCons:-The movement is a bit raw-Can't hear the mortiers before they blow ya head off-Audio a bit too loud for my taste9/10 would recommendThis game is the true definition of trench war!
,Not Recommended,242860,19645585,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheMediCat,"TL;DR Buy Verdun, just speaking of some major flaws of the game.I don't need to speak for the positive reviewers. They've emphasized plenty about the goods of the game, and although I'll dabble in that a bit, I'm mainly here to talk about Verdun's flaws.For starters, I reccomend buying Verdun, especially on sale. It's even better if you have friends and microphones. But I'm marking this review as negative because I think the devs will be more likely to look for criticism in the negative reviews than in the positive reviews.When you boot up Verdun, the game briefly touches on the main gamemode, Trench Warfare. It teaches new players how  pushing and defending works, but that's about it. It hints at squad bonuses and more, but it is in no way comprehensive. While there are plenty of steam guides teaching about the game, a better way to teach new players and make that newfound knowledge stick is to make an ingame tutorial! Unfortunately, we have no form of this. This leads way to another problem, tooltips.The tooltips in this game are ♥♥♥♥ing*useless*. Let's imagine a scenario.Welcome little Timmy to the frontline! Unfortunately, we have some incoming tear gas which will incapacitate and eventually kill you! Luckily, Timmy, we have gasmasks as standard issue to every soldier on the front! We even go so far as to tell you how to equip it! When gas spreads out over your location, we give you this handy tool tip! Look!Press [Gasmask] to equip gasmaskDid you catch that? No, that's not me substituting a word for a key, that's just what it says. Or like this helpful tooltip!Press [Sprint/Breathe] to breatheAnother, more major complaint I have about Verdun is the barbed wire. For one, it is too deadly. Barbed wire should not kill on its own, because in real life barbed wire did not kill on its own. It cut and stabbed and hurt like hell, but it wasn't enough to kill a man. It's main purpose was to discourage and to slow down or trap an enemy. Please devs, make barbed wire slow or render victims immobile, until they can free themselves after an excrutiatingly lengthy period. They'll probably die that way, and its less frustrating when you know you deserve that death.Also, for crying out loud, can we fix all the little pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥barbwire that is merely a stray strand, but can trap and kill you? This kind of thing is completely unacceptable. While the devs do ask for screengrabs of these strands, You have to realize they included these in the map when they built them. It's also ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to get every strand in a screenshot, because there is no offline mode. Rather, there is no way to start an empty map without players or bots and be free to explore without being executed for desertion. If the devs would include this incredibly simple feature, we could have a breakthrough in bugfixes and finally have a chance to hunt all those pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥out there. This is also a way to give your newer players a way to dull the sharp edge the ol' vets have against newbies. New players could have a chance to learn the map without dying, exploring the passageways and hiding spots.Speaking of desertion, the mechanic is so poorly done its pathetic. There are two instances where you can be executed for desertion, both of which require you to be out of a permitted zone for an amount of time. You can be executed for not retreating (quickly enough) and for stepping out of bounds, be it out of the map or out of your trench when defending. Stepping out of your trench is cool - I think its appropriate and stops players from making no man's land completely, insanely deadlier than it already is. But often, if you aren't eyeing your radar like a hawk, you'll accidentally step into the out of map zone, usually to the side. In No Man's Land, where you are going to die if you stay in the open, Suddenly being caught unawares and having FIVE SECONDS to respond while also being gunned down is unacceptable. At the very least, increase the out of bounds time to 10 seconds, but can we make the boundaries more clearly established? Some fences, maybe make it physically impossible or very difficult to reach the out of bounds?And then we get to retreating. This timer is meant to prevent players from camping in no mans land after a failed assault and ambushing pushing players, but as a side effect it forces retreating players to run irrationally because if they don't flat out sprint to the trench they'll be executed. This forces players to retreat stupidly and often get killed through no fault of their own. I don't suggest that the timer be extended though -- this would undo the very problem it aimed to solve -- but maybe do something more innovative -- imagine the no man's land area in layers. Now, imagine the retreating team slowly reeling back these layers all the way to their trench. Force the players to not be past a certain point, starting from the furthest up player of the team and ending at the trench. Maybe make a visible line that clearly indicates that its time to go, and make it a speed that allows players to retreat without being guaranteed to be picked off.Moving on, though, there is a surprising lack of real teamwork in the game, with little to no players with microphones. This is not a fault of the game itself, but it is something to consider before buying. However, the voip that IS available can be downright atrocious at times -- as to which I cannot offer an explanation nor solution.Something I can offer solution to, though, is a detail of the hud. The hud in Verdun is simplistic and does the job, however on some maps the nameplates can obscure major angles and render you practically blind to the enemy, namely the long tunnel in Fort Douamont. Please, make the nameplates not appear after a certain range, or stop them from showing up through walls. This has a real effect on gameplay and the ability of the players, and its something so stupid and simple.Nonetheless, Verdun is a shooter to be reckoned with. It's got many flaws, and seemingly obvious ♥♥♥♥ ups, but its a great deal of fun. I reccomend buying it, especially at a discount. Its bolt action rifle gunplay is unique and demanding of skill, lacking the cheap run and gun flavor of call of duty. Enjoy it."
,Recommended,242860,33356089,Posted: 7 July,all,70_S_Dancer,"Well executed World War I fps. Fills all the expectations of a good shooter without going overboard just to make things seem more impressive. Gritty, challenging and varied; although the main objective is still the same in normal play, the landscapes and strategy change drastically enough between maps to keep it fresh. The squad system works well too, encouraging friends and teammates to keep playing with each other.The game is let down a little by a few minor hitches which big budget games fill better: awkward waiting while loading and respawning is the foremost of these, and a slightly clunky and counter-intuitive progression menu are more picks than problems."
76561198272023075,Recommended,242860,33362657,Posted: 7 July,all,ericmore,Best WW1 Shooter Ever!
76561198057900657,Recommended,242860,33353031,Posted: 7 July,all,a1k3,Die&Spawn&Kill&Hurray !
76561198271293088,Recommended,242860,33262342,Posted: 4 July,all,NeoVevo,This is actully a good game still some minor bugs i would highly recommend this game if you are intersted in trenche warfare in WW1 it has a atmosphere because there are mortar fire gun fire and mosterd gas and is overall a great shooter if you only like modern shooters this is not for you but i like older settings like this
,Recommended,242860,33417520,Posted: 9 July,all,Jeb's Bush,The best WW1 game and a top tier squad based combat game.
76561198054569692,Recommended,242860,33412648,Posted: 9 July,all,Zmikund Lucembruzký,"DO TRY GORE SETTINGS!Did you ever think war was cool? No, war is cruel and you really dont wanna be a part of it. This game will show it to you.Amazing graphics, original gameplay, fun for hours. Try the game that started the WW I shooter wave."
76561198031691896,Recommended,242860,33414433,Posted: 9 July,all,Baccheus,"Bought this on sale. Gameplay has been fun so far in the little that I've had a chance to pay. The game rewards teamwork with experience - which I think is pretty cool. 1 kill = 15 points. 1 cap = 100 points. Teamwork is definitely rewarded while rambo-style (if it doesn't get you killed) isn't rewarded quite as much.The only thing that would make it better for me is if the multiplayer games, which are already pretty large (50-80 players is pretty common), had more people so you got that real WWI feel.Still, this is definitely a solid WWI FPS game."
,Recommended,242860,33402984,Posted: 9 July,all,AthenianNIKITAS,This game insipred me to go get my double amputations this week!
76561198039503990,Recommended,242860,33382784,Posted: 8 July,all,Chickens,Will give you crippling PTSD but will teach you the logic behind being shot in the face
,Recommended,242860,33380288,Posted: 8 July,all,zemaniac,Brutal but fun!
76561198129127994,Recommended,242860,33391294,Posted: 8 July,all,Bergen Berserker,Great and authentic game! Phenomenal!!
76561198005748862,Recommended,242860,33391195,Posted: 8 July,all,Bulwyi,"Great game,easy to pick up good community...nuff said."
76561198258460566,Recommended,242860,33390047,Posted: 8 July,all,eaglesfan50,verdun is a good game but it takes a bit of time to become good and get used to it
,Recommended,242860,33364254,Posted: 7 July,all,Papa Jammie,"If you like dying in a muddy trench choking on your own lungs from chlorine gas, this game is for you."
76561197992636257,Recommended,242860,32347061,Posted: 11 June,all,dewsx,"Verdun is a great game.  It's fun to play, has great mechanics, and the graphics are solid.  Some slight glitches here and there, but for a relatively small team of developers, really top notch.Certain parts of the game, like the devastating, seemingly random artillery and the frightening, close-quarters mayhem of the trenches serve to make the game more difficult, even for experienced players, and also make it more realistic in its portrayal of the anonymous, industrialized slaughter that was the First World War."
76561198018758568,Recommended,242860,32346592,Posted: 11 June,all,cwelch3067,"This is a awesome game. Just got it  a few weeks ago when they had it for $7.00, very lucky.  Playing with your team mate's is the best part of it. Trenches , gas  mask,  calling in  artillery . It took me some time to get use too the bolt action and how long it takes to reload , but thats how it was back then. It doesn't get any better than that. Great game!!"
76561198054388064,Recommended,242860,32346407,Posted: 11 June,all,CPizzle,"So as long as you know the maps and aren't an imbecile this game is actually really good. The distances can be confusing on which line of trench the enemy are coming from but once you realise and set up in a place with decent cover you can really mow down enemy soldiers as they charge through gas clouds or pop up out a fox hole. Really atmospheric and sometimes terrifying as an NCO's shells come whistling overhead. I highly recommend playing with a friend or friends to level up your squad, those bonuses are worth it. Some of the maps are truly terrible or very one sided but that is the same with most games. All in all 8/10"
76561198063405671,Recommended,242860,32359570,Posted: 12 June,all,Cpt. K,"The most infuriating, addicting shooter I've played. 5 stars!"
76561198045358846,Recommended,242860,32357645,Posted: 11 June,all,Desert,really cool game. french are stupid 1 shot boom
76561198004078933,Recommended,242860,32356436,Posted: 11 June,all,JAUNTY JELLO,It's like the dark souls of first person shooters
,Recommended,242860,32119267,Posted: 1 June,all,NEOIII,"Very tactical shooter, guns kill in 1 or 2 shots, not super rushed and crazy like BF1. Graphics and gameplay are fun once you get used to ita few minor movement bugs, nothing significant, could do with a few more maps8/10 would raid the enemy's trench again"
,Recommended,242860,32353083,Posted: 11 June,all,15thAL(G) Pvt Dether,the game is very fun and intense.. learning curve is steep but manageable.. i really recommend this game.
,Recommended,242860,32352963,Posted: 11 June,all,Taco__Demolisher,"The game is great, however there is a few problems that can be fixed easily.1. The spawn system2. The arty and grenade spam3. Typing in chat is broken"
,Recommended,242860,32349859,Posted: 11 June,all,Elder Element,Awesome World War One game. Very fun.
76561198117284481,Recommended,242860,32405358,Posted: 14 June,all,DaddyReinhardt,"I crawl on my stomach across no mans land. Men die next to me and german machine guns fire in over my head. Eventually I reach the enemy trench; they are caught off guard and I proceed to blow away three men with my slamfire shotgun gun before having my head taken off by rifle fire. I figure my sacrifice has given us enough breathing room to take the trench. I'm wrong, the game ends up being a draw. 10/10."
76561198011608992,Recommended,242860,32398917,Posted: 13 June,all,Sotavdod,"Would say I'm a lower mid range player, love game and the whole aspect of it. Looking forward to becoming a mid player {by Score that is}. There are some really good players and they will♥♥♥♥♥♥u off at times, but just means u have to up ur game. Not every class your going to like and Machine Guns seem to be very popular. I myself like Throwing Grenades, or calling in Mortars. The Game is somewhat hard and you have to learn to keep your head down or someone will shoot you. Barbed wire will kill you, so shin guards would be nice {joke}.The Game itself is fun and challenging and you need to work together and watch the mini map to see where u need to reinforce etc. Good Game"
,Recommended,242860,28009927,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,doughboy,"the game is fun if you want an authentic ww1 game. There are trenches and no man's land, and pushing through to the enemy trench will most likely get you killed. I will say though, that some animtations and such are clunky, but the game and the weapons and uniforms are authentic and the gameplay feels solid.though if you use the mp18i you are human trash :)))))))))))))"
76561198187862495,Recommended,242860,32389179,Posted: 13 June,all,ConzGrave,Verdun is a great combo of history and warfare. The scenes are almost real-like back in the days of WW1.( Not like i know anything about it) it's a great game to play whenever you are bored with modern-styled FPS games like COD or CS:GO.
76561198069024156,Recommended,242860,32403797,Posted: 13 June,all,Bonski,Fun game and I am having a great time. The first few hours will be rough but you will get the hang of it. In this game death is always waiting in the next trench and you must be able to handle dieing alot then you must lrean to die for the Win or complian and lose. Victory is all that matters in this game and having fun!! NO K/D will bring victory it may help but teamwork and bodies is how you WIN!!
,Recommended,242860,32373758,Posted: 12 June,all,Quasarian,Great one! a bit hard to grasp the whole gameplay at first but it really grows on you after awhile.Gott mit uns! 10/9
,Recommended,242860,25125965,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Hawat,"There are some issues with team balancing and some glitches when trying to play with your friends in a squad, but regardless it is a fantastic game and I definitely reccomend it. The game never crashes, freezes, lags, or does anything wrong on the client side of things running Linux. Might actually be one of the best out-of-the-box support for Linux I've seen in my steam library.You truly feel and play like you are a tight-knit band of soldiers working together to capture or defend trenches. The squad progression system encourages playing repeatedly with friends as well, so make sure to bring along someone to play with!"
76561198146630235,Recommended,242860,32373670,Posted: 12 June,all,Yuri en,"NIce game, nice community"
76561198084155929,Recommended,242860,32372444,Posted: 12 June,all,Bings,"Not an easy game to get into, you will die a lot but there was a lot of dying in World War One! Great game when you get in the groove of it.  They have put a lot of effort into getting the uniforms and weapons right too."
,Recommended,242860,32387006,Posted: 13 June,all,GFY SSgt Gage,"-Defend trench-See person in trench, is he friendly?-Die.... Nope!-Attack Trench-Die, Die, Die, Die, Die, Oh i got a kill, Die, Die, Die-Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥GAS!-Don't press 4 in half a second... Die.-Die, Die, Die, Die, Die-Game Over, It's a draw.10/10 Would have terrible K/D again!!"
76561198014889990,Not Recommended,242860,32355673,Posted: 11 June,all,Professor Persiville Purple,"I love the idea of a wwI shooter, love the fact that it takes a single shot from a bolt action to take someone down. This WOULD be a great game if it wasnt so choppy and people actually played it. Servers are pretty barren, and the framerate is awful, even on my pretty decent alienware laptop."
,Not Recommended,242860,32408787,Posted: 14 June,all,The Hellmare,"As much as I wanted to like this game, I just couldn't wrap my head fully around what was going on. The class customization is horrible and never explained to you which is a problem because it is already confusing enough as is. You may be playing as the Highlanders in one game and invest all your currency in only buying a new gun, but once you play as a new faction such as the U.S. Doughboys you have nothing and start from scratch once again. There are many factions and each has 4 classes which is very problematic because this means you MUST earn the same position in the same faction each time if you ever want to keep playing with what you paid for ingame, be it a gun or upgrade. I know they went for accuracy but it was handled in a non-fun way which really made this game no fun for me. In my eyes, there are many better games centered around the exact same types of battles out there on the store. I can not recommend this game. It has fun gunplay but it never teaches you anything which resulted in a lot of confusion which I still have today."
,Recommended,242860,32417077,Posted: 14 June,all,Ruski,"Most unique war game I've played, also really fun with friends."
,Recommended,242860,32491285,Posted: 16 June,all,Fritz✰TAhOLaDY✰,Verdun is the type of game that is very slow type of combat so if you like fast combat go buy BF1 and verdun is skilled based game and i like that but the problem with verdun is the people that are playing at the asian servers there are no to none playing they all go to US server
76561198367998041,Recommended,242860,32547105,Posted: 18 June,all,Austin,"There is alot of waiting in trenches for the enemy, getting rekt by top Esports players, and explosives; but this game is still tons of fun.If you like sniping, precision grenade tossing, or mowing down enemies crossing no mans land, you'll think this game is pretty neat too.However, I might recommend that you wait until this game goes on sale; it happens all the time and its hard for me to recommend this game at the $25 price."
,Recommended,242860,29410720,Posted: 21 January,all,Coony Toons,Great game
,Recommended,242860,32511577,Posted: 17 June,all,Morscheck,GG!
76561198155922274,Recommended,242860,32544580,Posted: 18 June,all,Aristodemus,Play to experience PTSD
,Recommended,242860,32548450,Posted: 18 June,all,The Cuckler,"8.5/10 game.I honestly love Verdun. I have always been a fan of World War I and have always been impresssed with the devs of this game. They have constantly been updating the game and just overall keeping it working as a function game. Only problem I have with it is the community. Besides a**holes, there are quite a few people who hack in this game. But aside from the hackers, it still is an amazing game."
76561198175488479,Recommended,242860,26173421,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Neil deGrasse Tyson,"Money well spent, I prefer this game than battlefield 1 because this game actually feels like ww1."
,Recommended,242860,33745565,Posted: 23 July,all,[LP] Xtreme_Dummy | μT |,Nice game... Can use a lot of performance improvements though...
76561198109748019,Recommended,242860,33749577,Posted: 23 July,all,Discrow,Its got a couple weird glitches and a few things that could be worked on but overall its a good game and I have a lot of fun playing it.
,Recommended,242860,33761955,Posted: 24 July,all,Tridentツ,"Amazing game to get your teeth into, I agree there isnt a whole lot of content within this but is still a great game to play on your own or with friends. Even has an esports scene aswell!"
76561198388437458,Recommended,242860,33777676,Posted: 24 July,all,Leopoldo3,"verdun is a great game, not amazing but great, its indie so its not perfect but is VERY realistic unlike bf1 so if thats what your looking for then play this. the only problem is the fact that very few people play verdun which is a shame and it would be WAY better if more people played this so if a dev sees this or someone else i recomend that you look into marketing this using ads or something to grow the player base but otherwise amazing"
,Recommended,242860,33777169,Posted: 24 July,all,TehKitteh,"This is a very fun and extremely immersive game that should be tried by all. Only on sales though, as the hefty sum of $20 or higher is far too much for such an unpopular game. I would gladly pay $10 maximum though as it does have nice graphics, realistic weaponry to WWI, and a good game play mechanic.On the other hand:The price is far too much for the game as of right now, there is no vote-kick for hackers (lots of them), and the spawn points result in crazy spawn camping that is horrible for a game that makes it insanely hard to survive normally.But hey, is good! - 7/10 for me."
,Recommended,242860,33613487,Posted: 17 July,all,SebiTheCheekiBreeker,11/10 best community ever- argument about who is god-defended nation and wich nation first translated bible.- argument about self cabbage cell replication as a gender.- argument about german panzer III shell pearcing armor of T-34/85 in War thunder and World of tanks.- argument how to correctly make pancakes.would play with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cabbage-lesbian-shemale-gay-jewish being again..
,Recommended,242860,32652692,Posted: 22 June,all,Master1G,Got first on leaderboard with a hoard of grenades and a shovel1914/1918
,Recommended,242860,33644700,Posted: 18 July,all,JakeR2000,"Accidentally left the game open overnight on my PC, by the time I woke up and went to it, it had turned into a gas-mask wearing British soldier equipped with an SMLE Mk. III."
,Not Recommended,242860,33643294,Posted: 18 July,all,BigBlackSticks,"This game is good for the historical player, and I did love it, but the constant hitmarker problems are driving me away from it faster than I can like it again from a good game. Add to the the lack of players (though no fault of the devs), a monopoly on the EU server (only realistic place to find any players), and the relatively slow pace of addition of content (focusing on two games isnt really a good move, especially for a small dev team such as the one for Verdun). All in all, it is a good game, but there are alot of problems that need to be fixed now, and I dont see them being fixed anytime soon."
,Recommended,242860,33642790,Posted: 18 July,all,TigerDust26 Logik,Best ww1 game hype for tannenberg
76561198108621106,Recommended,242860,33643410,Posted: 18 July,all,FlyBoy2004,The game is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fun you can do stuffyour welcome
76561198060363013,Recommended,242860,33647418,Posted: 19 July,all,tinybabyman,Excellent.
76561198397975199,Not Recommended,242860,33658500,Posted: 19 July,all,imartindale2005,Horrible the server never works its a waste of money
76561198156634273,Recommended,242860,33685117,Posted: 20 July,all,scrungus,7/10 to many trenches
,Recommended,242860,33702109,Posted: 21 July,all,⚡EliteSniper64⚡,I love this game! Its realistic and has a great community. You will not regret buying this game.
,Recommended,242860,33686346,Posted: 20 July,all,K3NtheCanadian,"This game does an incredible job of simulating the frontline of WW1.The details of the game are stunning, the sound track is amazing, and I find myself playing for hours on end.I have only run into one cheater the entire time I have played so far, which I would say isn't too bad.At times the game can seem frustrating when being shelled the crap out of, but then it sinks in the reality that WWI was exactly that. The guns are incredibly fun to use and they feel like they should for such a period weapon.I find that sometimes there is lag issues even on servers where all players are pinging somewhat low, but nothing horrible.The servers have people playing almost all day as well, which is important for an online game.Great game9/10 Would Probably Die in WWI in :14 seconds on the battlefield."
76561198007664759,Recommended,242860,33686528,Posted: 20 July,all,Pepe Silvia,"Great game, alot of fun, it may not be as fast as battlefield1 but you can have a great time playing this game with your friends or by yourself."
76561198296121034,Recommended,242860,33688290,Posted: 20 July,all,OfficialNavyGamer,Verdun is a very great realistic first person shooter representation of The Great War and should be suppported without question.
76561198076159161,Recommended,242860,33697108,Posted: 21 July,all,THE DOM,If you like Insurgency or Day of Infamy and you want to see a realistic WW1 game then this is the game for you.-Fun to play.-Many weapons to use.-Many different roles.-5 different gamemodes.
76561198130592701,Recommended,242860,33696887,Posted: 21 July,all,oli3212,"Verdun is a amazing FPS, its set in WW1 and all the mechanics and guns seem and feel realistic. This game is extremely good at making a realistic atmosphere. Essentially 1 shot 1 kill."
76561198114137793,Recommended,242860,33702666,Posted: 21 July,all,BenTheBeast_,The best hell I've ever been to
76561198034886865,Recommended,242860,33689953,Posted: 20 July,all,Halcyon,"As a history fan and particularly a fan of WWI, it's impressive to find an FPS that has not only kept faithful to the period in terms, equipment and the level of map detail but the most impressive accomplishment in my opinion the game manages to make trench warfare exciting and tactically interesting without compromising the spirit of the Great War. The difficulty curve can be a little brutal at times, you have to train yourself out of the COD mentality but there's a lengthy progression system for players and squads that will keep you playing for weeks on end once you sink your teeth in. You have to take your hats off to the devs for what must have been a painstaking process of balancing historical accuracy and gameplay. Bravo."
76561198042219207,Recommended,242860,33699075,Posted: 21 July,all,Finian3- 1v1rust,Good game.-Wish I could run it. Keep in mind that i have a bad laptop.-AUS servers are sorta dead but US servers still have regular players. I haven't checked out other servers.-Needs to be optimized better but still a load of fun.-Accurately depicts WW1.-Nothing like Battlefield 1. (Althought BF1 is still fun aswell).
,Recommended,242860,33064270,Posted: 30 June,all,ReGN,"Needs more player in South east asia, no dlc, no pay-to-win , i recommend this 10/10 best WW1 game all of time ....,"
76561198271065607,Recommended,242860,33655634,Posted: 19 July,all,emybaotic,It's great
76561198280094570,Recommended,242860,33674026,Posted: 20 July,all,fishyfishy4444,"Even though its less popular than EA's Battlefield 1 I think it is an amazing game for the price.  Plus, its more realistic than battlefield 1, because of the luscious trench gameplay which moderately resembles the western front during WWI"
,Recommended,242860,33670447,Posted: 20 July,all,the_bad_editor,"this game is great for the people who want a pretty realistic shooter of ww1. its not for the ones who like fast paced shooters, to for people who have patience and can wait for the enemy to walk into their line of sight. the gore is great as hell. its exhilerating and terryifing to hide while artillery rains down around you. the servers are kind of barren right now but whatever.10/10 would play again"
76561198103270510,Recommended,242860,33678747,Posted: 20 July,all,mrhijack13,No hellriegels
76561198154088237,Recommended,242860,33823307,Posted: 26 July,all,"It's Me, Cousin Nicky","Amazing game. Carefully and very well thought out, fun, and historically accurate. Verdun: 1914-1918 is fantastic (even though I suck.) I have no problems with this game except the occasional♥♥♥♥♥♥head that joins the game but very rare. Most of the people who play this game take it serious so they follow the rules and have fun."
,Recommended,242860,33707327,Posted: 21 July,all,ow,"This game is amazing.However, I was banned within playing the game for four hours, I do not know of anyway to contact them so this could be sorted out, either way like most companies they probably wouldn't help anyway.I played this game very little in the time I owned it, yet over the amount that I could refund it.That is why I am giving this game a 'not reccomended' rating.I am also aware that I have cheated all the achievements, however this was after the ban and there is no way that I could have gotten them so I didn't even secondthought it.Edit: Just got unbanned and this game and am very excited to actually play now."
76561198168166397,Recommended,242860,33833057,Posted: 27 July,all,Alpha 101,An awesome fps takeing place in ww1.
,Recommended,242860,33843719,Posted: 27 July,all,Alienmotorider,"Fun game, not perfect but not at all bad!   Once you get use to aiming its a blast. Prepare to die A LOT!!!  haha"
76561198230177148,Recommended,242860,33867819,Posted: 28 July,all,The Viking,"Extremely realistic WWI shooter (don't even mention Battlefield 1, please, that's not realistic nor covers WWI, cause French never took place in the war, was all along Americans, yep #sarcasm) where skill is needed.It is HARD to get started. A usual game will be composed of half high levels and half low levels, with high levels dominating the game.It took me close to 20 hours to understand, learn and use the mechanics of the game, and to start killing enemies instead of dying from bullets coming out of nowhere.The FrontLines mode is fun too, and gives something else to do than multiplayer.The only negative aspects of this game are, sadly enough, not much community, so sometimes it'll be hard to find a server with enough players to make it fun, and the extremely steep learning curve. But if you love WWI and don't want to look at Battlefield 1 (or if you want to try something different), then this is for you."
76561198080789576,Recommended,242860,22257425,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Forrest Gimp,So. Much. Power.
76561198316983467,Recommended,242860,33937656,Posted: 31 July,all,Yutakana,This game is great! Only problem is that my computer is♥♥♥♥♥♥and won't actually let me play it without it crashing every time I load up the game :/
76561198136422174,Recommended,242860,33842772,Posted: 27 July,all,Hollywood,"Really really refreshing, feels like real life but not too too much like a hardcore simulator. Fairly steep learning curve but once you get used to it it is really rewarding."
,Recommended,242860,33846827,Posted: 27 July,all,Broseph Stalin,Restart to play while the game was free to play to kill new player.10/10 would kill fresh recruits again
76561198152184210,Not Recommended,242860,33623499,Posted: 17 July,all,XXXTen,I liked the game at first and now I hate itl.
76561198011132431,Recommended,242860,12560520,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Schutzetoaster,"Update from a thumbs down to thumbs up:Current state it's in, I'm happy with it progess.  haven't played it in a while, cause I played it out, but it runs smooth enough, and the combat is spot on.  thumbs up."
76561198234636992,Recommended,242860,33846746,Posted: 27 July,all,-v-Baxter0331,"Verdun is probaly one of the best Historical video games you can get, the sounds, the movement, the animation, the gameplay, its all so good, it captures the period and horrors of war with excellence. You know the developers put effort and  care into making this great game. There are several gamemodes to play, the one you will be playing the most is Frontlines, a gamemode where one team defends a trench, the other team attacks, then they either lose the trench, or succsesfully defend and attack the other teams trench, then it keeps on going untill one team loses all trenchs, then the other team wins. I absoulty recommend this to any Historical video game fan as a must buy, 10/10."
76561198127269223,Recommended,242860,33838632,Posted: 27 July,all,lusitani_jp,"This title brings the skill back to the table, throwing the ""pay n play"" players back into the darkest pits of terror and carnage! Your every combat skills will be tested in a chaotic battle experience. It does require further development, some cleaning in graphics and mechanics, but the essence is already there... And its bloody damn good! Single action rifles bring the realistic ordeal of fighting waves of enemy's, when your not just trying to survive amidst the gas, smoke and artillery fire!"
,Recommended,242860,33854987,Posted: 28 July,all,gnobes,This game is the awesome!
,Recommended,242860,18661323,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Thee Norman,its ok...but... it needs a campain
,Recommended,242860,15128398,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,YourBoiTobycon,Good
,Recommended,242860,33963555,Posted: 1 August,all,Boys4Jesus,Love this game!
,Recommended,242860,34538391,Posted: 27 August,all,Arkive,Only game where I can get wrecked in WW1 effectively - 10/10
76561198376965272,Recommended,242860,31807505,Posted: 17 May,all,Mr.sahir,"i play this game from 2014, in 2015 verdun buy, and i back in 2017 to play verdun :D ♥ i like this game."
76561198032663730,Recommended,242860,34545815,Posted: 27 August,all,Gorgonot,Very realistic and addictive
,Recommended,242860,34548730,Posted: 28 August,all,Gaga,So far the best simulation of the great wars western front.
76561198056586609,Recommended,242860,31944410,Posted: 24 May,all,Big Tuna OG -iwnl-,"1. Join the Tommies for King and Country to beat back the Huns and take a few Kraut scalps2. Get sent to the Ypres-Salient Flanders front3. Whistle blows to storm no mans land and take the Kraut trench4. Get mowed down by machine gun fire5. Advance once again by crawling through mud and water for several minutes, heart pounding and wondering where the ennemy is6. Finally take the trench7. Set up MG and mow down Krauts trying to regain the Trench. Die filthy krauts.8. Secure Trench and hear the whistle blow to take the next one9. Hear Kraut MG bullets whiz overhead.10. Duck down and stay in Trench while your fellow brothers die11. Develop Trench War Trauma12. System shuts down, unable to go any further, all hope is lost. Imgoingtodiehere.jpg13. Quit game for a few hours14. Repeat.10/10 Would storm trench again."
76561198086936663,Recommended,242860,34581525,Posted: 29 August,all,♰[63e] Napoleon I.♰,this game is really good i like ww1 really much because my granducle faught in austro hungarian army i like history and i really like realism in this game and i can't wait for tannenberg
76561198008766139,Recommended,242860,34527675,Posted: 27 August,all,Templar,"Awesome communauty, good immersion and I love the realism of this game."
76561198174406615,Recommended,242860,34541240,Posted: 27 August,all,Fredericus Rex,Nice good realstic game. It would be cool if there were even more factions.
76561198165158540,Not Recommended,242860,30583858,Posted: 17 March,all,HecticRaptor,i declare this game DEAD
76561198214011443,Not Recommended,242860,34445801,Posted: 23 August,all,Fuck with me you get fucked,♥♥♥♥♥game cant read graphics card
76561198306183102,Recommended,242860,34452306,Posted: 23 August,all,Doges 4 Life,i recommond wow wow
,Recommended,242860,34457352,Posted: 24 August,all,kiz,"This game is awesome can be really slow paced which if you just wanna kick back and chill in a ditch with a gun aimed across really good looking ww1 battlefields for basically a whole match you can which I like as a change from csgo and other shooters, so basically the trench warfare is really cool. It can be fast paced if thats how you wanna play. THIS game has a sorta healthy player base but THIS GAME NEEDS YOU!"
76561198067621389,Recommended,242860,34457046,Posted: 24 August,all,War_ACE,"When it was recommended to me by my Brother, I had no clue what to expect from Verdun. Awaiting the outcome of ""Battlefield 1"" I however was interested in the subject and curious enough to give it a try.Once I got in the game for the first time I was not disappointed about the interface at all but it was somehow complicated to find a way into battle. It made me think right away I was in some sort of a single player mode.As soon as I found out how it all worked the game surprised me more and more every battle. So far I only had tried the Death-match mode, and I felt other game modes would have even many more surprises to me.That's when I made a very appreciated discovery. ...Well actually, I had seen the possibility earlier but I hadn't tried it out yet. So I decided to try the TDM mode which is more than a usual TDM  mode as we know it from most shooters.Verdun managed to lift it to a higher lvl. The way they implemented the famous WWI trench-war tactics made it even more realistic and it requires more tactical and combined thinking from the players themselves, instead of lone wolf hero-actions.New to the concept of TDM is that you can choose your preferred (players-created) division, or put up your own. So u can play either as a French, German, Belgian,... soldier in a one nation battalion. Each battalion you join you have to work your way up again. To know that all sorts of Battalions fight their own type of weaponry means that you have to upgrade your weapons per battalion, not per weapon type. That does stimulates you to fight in the same battalion each time. It also means that you have to join a battalion representing the nation of the origin your preferred rifle was used in back in that time in order to hand you favorite weapon.Beside an overwhelming range of authentic rifles and even light and medium machine guns with each their advantages and disadvantages, the game also showed me very detailed uniforms worn by the different nations that fought in WWI. Also the details of the maps are surprisingly great, well thought out and teach us something about WWI warfare and living conditions.To me there is only one thing missing making the game as if you were really there; the cold and the smell of gas, sweat, death, explosion-fires.- In short:Look & feel: ++Realism: ++Graphical details: ++Gameconcept: ++Sound & vocals: ++  (original languages and accents per nation)Can I think of any negatives? Movable objects may be more interactive, so is the way soldiers move.I definatly would recommend u to give it a try. To me it scores way higher in realism than BF1 does for example."
76561198079760040,Recommended,242860,34501427,Posted: 26 August,all,Shadow88,have to admit its lots of funn ...10/10 would shoot a tree stump again and killed by club
,Recommended,242860,34489017,Posted: 25 August,all,jäger,Really good realistic ww1 shooter
,Recommended,242860,34420220,Posted: 22 August,all,LDoH,Very good game!It's not bf1 but that's the good thing...
,Recommended,242860,34465854,Posted: 24 August,all,Neweth,"Verdun is pretty, Verfun.I'll go away now."
,Recommended,242860,34092292,Posted: 7 August,all,Hydr0,BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,242860,34092312,Posted: 7 August,all,Tofu,"Buy this game, you will have no regrets. It has a very fun and great community.Gameplay isn't slow paced and the squads and characters/ranks are also very varied so you have plenty to play with and unlock (not difficult to do so). No pay to win, no micro transactions, just pure fun.11/10 would die in barb-wire again."
76561198156317106,Recommended,242860,34092320,Posted: 7 August,all,The Strategist,"A fun game with realistic elements of the Great Wars. However, it no a game for the causal first-person shooters has as you get one-shot killed with any weapon in Verdun, like in reality. Its a game that takes great time and effort to master."
76561198264642628,Recommended,242860,34114517,Posted: 8 August,all,Hornung,Fun
76561198196150741,Recommended,242860,34116047,Posted: 8 August,all,hitlerdidnothingwrong,7/10.  About as realistic as you'll get for a first person shooter.  Great level layout.  Limited replay ability.  Looks good. Different than any other shooter out there so it takes some getting used to.  The classes are not that unique or custimizable but that kind of adds to the authenticity.  Survival is the best mode.  This game heavily filters offensive language-so that's gay.  NO SINGLE PLAYER.
,Recommended,242860,34120152,Posted: 9 August,all,synthetics420,"Bloody great game. It's good because it still has a large fan base, but you might need to change regions every once in a while to get a meaty match."
76561198011318965,Recommended,242860,34115100,Posted: 8 August,all,FelipeFritschF,Probably the only proper WW1 shooter around.
76561198092929916,Recommended,242860,33982165,Posted: 2 August,all,AceOfSpades,"A WW1 game that actually captures the feel of trench warfare and implements it well into the gameplay. The game mode frontlines does this particularly well with momentum-based attack and counter-attack gameplay. The game also looks great from the range of maps that showcase a number of historical battlefields, to the authentic detailing of the weaponry and uniforms. Clearly a lot of time and effort has been put in and it shows. The highest complement I can give this game is when you buy it you get everything. No DLC maps or weapons are in this game which is a rarity nowadays. This game is a must buy if you want a realistic WW1 experience and if you can catch it on sale even better."
,Recommended,242860,33975461,Posted: 2 August,all,KilogrammeKG,Ce jeu est super. Très réaliste. On reconnait les lieux par rapport à la réalité.Great game. It is realism. We can find a real place in the game.
,Recommended,242860,33976661,Posted: 2 August,all,Grizzly_Dipper,Verdun is a game like no other and if you're like me (playing on a super lowbudget pc) such as a macbookair (what i play on) then this game is okay to be played i run it with medium-high quality graphics and the gore on ultra. the game itself plays great....
76561198274795513,Recommended,242860,33983375,Posted: 2 August,all,bigrob,"Good game. Like playing it alot. Develpers seem to fix bugs and keep the game going strong. Thanks for making this game. Now....let me get back to killing my fellow man with nades, fire, knifes and lead."
,Recommended,242860,33986210,Posted: 2 August,all,Staticep,Great game if u can find servers near u with lower ping but there's usually a couple server available in NA region.
,Recommended,242860,34138102,Posted: 9 August,all,Big Green Man,"Great game, well paced and fun but could use a bit of polish here or there. I would recommend to anyone who is a fan of the time period or of history in general."
76561198041340027,Recommended,242860,21731624,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,SgtMaj. Christen [42ndPA],"Without a doubt, the best war game I have had the honor of playing"
76561198216261988,Recommended,242860,34130699,Posted: 9 August,all,TisDaBigQ,Graphics and gore are good but interface is a little wierd when on controller other than that this game seems to be more like ww1 than battlefield 1.
76561198229762276,Recommended,242860,33971098,Posted: 2 August,all,GREEN AG,"This game is awesome !!!  but there's one problem.    In the game, click doesn't working well.If the developer fixed it , I will recommend to others. (like my friends)(sorry I am bad at English because I using another language. I don't know if the grammar is correct )"
76561198048338963,Recommended,242860,34139670,Posted: 9 August,all,Beserk,Best WW! FPS hands down.
,Recommended,242860,34143957,Posted: 10 August,all,Manny Mayhem,Can't wait for the sequel. Need more games like this.
,Recommended,242860,33990536,Posted: 3 August,all,ConflictedCelery,"Hey guys, thanks for tuning in to another video on forgotten weapons dot com. I'm Ian McCollum, and today I'm here at the Rock Island Auction house taking a look at some of their WW1 rifles for sale in their upcoming premiere auction of august 2017."
,Recommended,242860,34181082,Posted: 11 August,all,Castrelspirit,FPS noob here. This was my second FPS after Mount and Blade: Warband Napolenic Wars if that can even be considered an FPS. So here is my review and take my word :-Dis game is feckin good
,Recommended,242860,33829823,Posted: 27 July,all,Lioncide 🦁,"""Verdun"" 10/10"
,Recommended,242860,17648378,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,LazyJack,"Fantastic change of pace for shooters, that and it isnt all about whos reactions are fastest or who has the best weapon unlocked, its a battle of placement, strategic strikes and teamwork, all done well making this game just great !"
,Recommended,242860,34221058,Posted: 13 August,all,Inferno,HUNS DETECTED
76561198078297261,Recommended,242860,35092993,Posted: 20 September,all,PARTY BUS Speedede,"We found the position of an enemy sniper by having one guy run out of the crater while we looked for the muzzle flash. The game is really hard to get into, but it is really fun."
,Not Recommended,242860,25611753,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Redheaded Ruffian,"Instead of improving a game with a countless amount of bugs sound glitches and animation flaws, lets go ahead and make another game to STEAL MORE OF YOUR MONEY."
,Recommended,242860,34912053,Posted: 12 September,all,アリシア {Alicia Melchiott},"Great game. Addictive and fun. Requires a good internet and when you play it, dont rage due to alot of deaths. Game physics still bad though"
76561198023142193,Recommended,242860,34450100,Posted: 23 August,all,Disappointment,"It could be a great game but simply its not for me, the lack of players (and facing very exp playerswith no team at all) and repeatdly dying even when you shoot first, is not what i expected*Edit, after a a day of playtime with reasonable teamates and grasping most of the squads and their roles i cant be sure after all, still im not used to this, in general where the player with most fps have a clear advantage (a disadvantage from unity), it gets pretty fun when all of this gets right.... but when not well thats another history.Also is ""another fps with cheesing things like the rest but with more spam, dying and bolt action rifles"""
76561198118249641,Recommended,242860,34956051,Posted: 14 September,all,Pain and suffering,gud game but it needs more players maybey update to get this game on the steam recommended again so the servers are fuller but I have had problems with connection guy in cover 20ft or so away from lags right infront of me and kills me before I have time to react.
76561198362524734,Recommended,242860,34961122,Posted: 14 September,all,C H O S E N,Game stop working after small period of time
,Recommended,242860,34976210,Posted: 15 September,all,Yağmur,This is fun
,Recommended,242860,34984166,Posted: 15 September,all,Jäger,Much Death
,Recommended,242860,35123313,Posted: 22 September,all,comatoso,4\5
76561198025646192,Recommended,242860,35132831,Posted: 22 September,all,djurela,Excellent game.
76561198158292297,Recommended,242860,30874233,Posted: 1 April,all,AlexSw2,"The game is Fun but most of the time it is unfair like the NCO ablites (ARTY make it so that they dont lock on and longger cool down) , guns (mostly greman guns like the SMG and MG's plus add more guns like the Thompson which was in both wars), teams (so that there game make people switch temas is no one changes) and when you have to reateat if you are the attacker that you can't just stay and it is unfair because the other team dont have a problem and i think the attackes become defender they are not allowed to shoot untill they reach there trenches or are near them and plus that the defendes can not come out of the trenche or small range where the time starts to go back and if they go at a range which is bigger they are executed or not allowed to shoot because the attackers have a hard enougth time in on mans land and plus the trences are no fair on some maps that they are hard to take or not as well make it so that the bulitet hits because i shoot a guy in the face it dose not register and that he shoot me easy. But it is fun in some ways but unless it is balance to make it fair and more fun. Make the ♥♥♥♥ing game Fair and make it so that there are no hackers and make the guns fair, ablitys fair so that it is not a game about the NCO'S have call arty all the ♥♥♥♥ing time and make the teams fair so that there is no 1v5 and make it so that it is not laggy and that people shoot me when looking the wrong way. Where you ♥♥♥♥ing drunk when make the Key stuff. How ever the game is fun and I will be recommending the game as it is fun and the game play is ok but if it is balanced it will be more fun."
,Recommended,242860,35139380,Posted: 22 September,all,what the nani the fuck,An excellent WWI FPS. Gunplay is very fun and teamplay is great depending on your teammates.
76561198046738927,Recommended,242860,35131912,Posted: 22 September,all,DiddlyLizard xD,"It's a meme, and a good one too"
76561198383086797,Recommended,242860,35137155,Posted: 22 September,all,JoeCool329,Its lots of fun.
76561198272049943,Recommended,242860,35142502,Posted: 22 September,all,Landry Stewart,"It is a great game, but it would be better with single player. So, poor people's Battlefield 1."
,Recommended,242860,28725462,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,♠UNDEᖇ♕ԀƦEŞS∩RE♠,"amazing game, love getting killed instantly when hopping out of trench10/10 would get ww1 flashbacks again"
76561198276426390,Recommended,242860,34354419,Posted: 19 August,all,jbrown84,"I would heartily recommend this game. It has obviously been a labour of love for the studio and, in my view, it's a labour that has paid off. An excellent, enjoyable, frustrating, fun, infuriating, crazy, maddening, mental mess of a WWI simulation. The game obviously isn't for everyone, but if you like a challenge, you'll love Verdun."
,Recommended,242860,34356227,Posted: 19 August,all,pickle boy Hellcase.com,It is a very good game beacause u get a more immersive sight of the ww1. You could also play with friends or random ppl. I recommend this game alot.
,Recommended,242860,34343983,Posted: 18 August,all,Slave John,Nutted 3 times playing this game.
76561198187962566,Recommended,242860,34381244,Posted: 20 August,all,TBNRmiller,I like how accurate this game is and how there is no funny mechanic when shooting and it always seems to be well balanced between teams and the way the map flows is amazing. I also love how you can switch to any type you want and have the option to pick three different classes for one character. I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who like battlefield 1 or a quickly paced multiplayer experience that all your friends can play too!
,Recommended,242860,34384277,Posted: 20 August,all,Dinkelberg,Nothing like laying in a trench having a leg fly in front of you19/14
,Recommended,242860,33144542,Posted: 2 July,all,MaraJaeger,"A good game, It's realistic, historical and the squad thing is awesome! I recommend you to buy this game:)"
,Recommended,242860,34172743,Posted: 11 August,all,Pumpin' Pumpkin,Gets shelled while spawning inDies in 1 secondWaits 23 seconds to spawn in againRinse and repeat10/10 would wait 23 seconds again
76561198025578020,Recommended,242860,34174772,Posted: 11 August,all,nabozo,"Violent and short learning curve, dying is ok, killing is hard, you'll always need a pistol while holding a rifle, and a rifle when stuck with a pistol.great for long games as well as small breaks between two tasks (games aren't that long)"
,Recommended,242860,34166988,Posted: 11 August,all,Krypton,10 пуканов из 10
76561198015664552,Recommended,242860,34182856,Posted: 11 August,all,Dogmitry Puplushka,Buy this game if you want a WW1 fps that won't disappoint you.
76561198253354249,Recommended,242860,34223501,Posted: 13 August,all,JPWAR4UK,This game is really fun I play it a lot of the time all it could use is some third person action. That would be amazing!
76561198091350526,Recommended,242860,34229838,Posted: 13 August,all,Only_Chins,GOTT MITT UNS!!!!
76561197992982793,Recommended,242860,34207929,Posted: 13 August,all,Mr. Teams,"Fun game, well balanced. Actions are a lot slower than games like Day of Defeat Source, almost laggy in how long it takes to shoot and move. Not bad though, just different."
76561198275548472,Recommended,242860,34228632,Posted: 13 August,all,MisHiMa,"The GamePlay is fine and the graphics is neat but there are bugs that ruins the game,one is the repetition of spawning,its  annoying for every second at the start of the match is crucial for sudden strike,Fix this please"
76561198007605918,Recommended,242860,34252140,Posted: 15 August,all,Tony Montana,Awesome game!
76561198157964243,Recommended,242860,34242633,Posted: 14 August,all,Zip,g8 game play it. Super realistic WW1 warfare game. get it now!
76561198057023245,Recommended,242860,34633925,Posted: 31 August,all,BOSSKU,if you like realistic WWI FPS this is good choice but there is only problem is player base is low.
76561198076662875,Recommended,242860,17806586,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Grr,"This game is not popular for some reason, but still awesome, just wish they could reduce the respawning time, it's the main reason why I quit playing, and its laggy as hell for Australian palyers, no one plays on the AUS server, you have to find games on US or EU server which can be very very laggy."
76561198147907175,Recommended,242860,26318211,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,LuckiestLuck,"I love this game, so realistic, not too hard at all to run on a medium pc, graphics arnt the best but still good, only issue is the slightly high price tag, id say this game is worth 15-20$ instead of 25"
,Recommended,242860,34769339,Posted: 5 September,all,|TB-Side| Jey,best bolt action rifle simulator 2017
,Recommended,242860,34657361,Posted: 1 September,all,PussieDoe,"A gritty and realistic experience, the game is fairly hard but well worth getting into. Even better with friends."
,Recommended,242860,19307429,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ch0jinozero,"The most infuriating game you'll ever play, still a blast."
,Recommended,242860,34675045,Posted: 1 September,all,BakaTato,This is an excellent game! Would love to see a similar series on the campains in Eastern Europe. Erwin Rommel's exploits as cataloged in his boock Infantry Attacks could be a game all to its own!
76561198177516998,Recommended,242860,34739761,Posted: 4 September,all,Unholy Donut,"Great game! You're not a bullet sponge in Verdun so expect to die a LOT at first espesially in ""no mans"", but once you play for a little and get better your totally hooked. Good team based gameplay as well. Worth the money."
,Recommended,242860,34728064,Posted: 3 September,all,Vhavoc11,A delgithfuil World War One shooter. Very hard but very rewarding. Expect to be totally shellshook.
,Recommended,242860,34731825,Posted: 4 September,all,RogueShadowHD,A good realistic simulator of trench warfare.
,Recommended,242860,34693027,Posted: 2 September,all,Comrade Jeb ☭,Verdun is one of the few world war one games that does it right.
,Recommended,242860,34714000,Posted: 3 September,all,Mareșal M08,This is an amazing game-Feels much more like WW1 than battlefield.
,Recommended,242860,18226278,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Cuttlefish,"Very fun but also can be chalenging one of the fun things aout this came is when you get friends in a voice chat network (skype,discor Exetra) And just play serious or non serious.it can be fruastrating like when you are on a major killstrek and then a oficer in the enemys trench drops a gas or atilary on you killing you but this is all part of the game and you have to exapt thator not and just leave which is fine to not every one likes this type of game where you die very quicklyor instantly depending on the wepone. ut when you uy the game you get almost every thing unlocked form the start exept difrent load out 3 for each  memer ofe every squad in the main frount line game mode and squad defence and for weapons and attachments in team deathmatch and free for all rifle deathmatch.weather you uy this game or not (pls do try it) have fun and have a good day"
,Recommended,242860,34695567,Posted: 2 September,all,Schwaz,One of those games where you forget that its awesome.
,Not Recommended,242860,34695722,Posted: 2 September,all,Stattikkoman,The game is wayyyy too clunky.  Don't get me wrong I like games like this but this game just feels too blocky to be any fun.  If it was more like Red Orchestra 2 in terms of movement I would be all for it.
,Recommended,242860,33378768,Posted: 8 July,all,Alexander the Great,"I'ts a long way to Tipperary,I'ts a long way to go,It's a long way to Tipperary,To the sweetest girl I know..."
,Recommended,242860,34736352,Posted: 4 September,all,Yugi,Good and Fun Game :)
,Recommended,242860,34799007,Posted: 7 September,all,MexicanPinHead,"Absolutely amazing game, meaby a bit rough around the edges but still very impressive!"
76561198273022832,Recommended,242860,34799388,Posted: 7 September,all,Benidxd5,When you want a WW 1 shooter buy this !!Best game ever !! awesome
,Recommended,242860,33675985,Posted: 20 July,all,mach1ne H1Z1SWAP.COM,I bought it for 5bucks. No regrets  :]
76561198132277333,Recommended,242860,34838627,Posted: 9 September,all,Rainy summer,"The game is fun and it makes you think more about tactics i would give it a 8,5/10"
76561198069684717,Recommended,242860,34827865,Posted: 8 September,all,cegiraffe,"A very fun game that can be absolutely brutal when you first start playing it. However, once you get the hang of it and keep your head down, it is very fulfilling. The fact that a hit almost always kills you and the squad based gameplay means that there is a lot to learn and keep track of if you want to get good. Even though I am not very good, it is still a fun game."
76561198064569412,Recommended,242860,27155424,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alliedmadman21,One of the best WW1 shooters out there.
76561198019215798,Recommended,242860,33156669,Posted: 2 July,all,Snotling Fury,This game is very good. It's fun and quite insane. The best thing you could do is to play only a shovel
,Recommended,242860,34853532,Posted: 9 September,all,The Guest,6/10
76561198336401545,Recommended,242860,33886231,Posted: 29 July,all,ThatAnnoyingSqueaker,"Amazing game for price point. Better game than battlefield 1, ive been playing this for a few weeks now and i have found that atleast Verdun has trenches. Great game! would recommend 10 out of 10 would rate again"
76561198048658364,Not Recommended,242860,24090775,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Alpacalypse,"An incredibly fun game marred by catastrophically bad hitbox issues and severe lag even on low ping. These problems have existed for almost 2 years, yet they haven't been addressed. It's likely that they never will.Unfortunately, I can't recommend it due to the aforementioned issues- they just render the game too frustrating to enjoy. Nothing kills the mood like clearing out a trench singlehandedly only to die because the game took 2 seconds to realize that you crouched behind cover. It's quite upsetting to have to give the game a negative review considering that it was, at one point, my favorite multiplayer shooter of all time."
76561198144764990,Recommended,242860,34776150,Posted: 6 September,all,themagicmushroom,people kill me 0/10
,Recommended,242860,31979873,Posted: 26 May,all,ANgry_ASf,I can no longer play any fps without having flashbacks and a constant fear of artillerylegit not even joking i think i got anxiety from it
76561198139258465,Recommended,242860,14185806,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Fear The Beard,died 25 times won the game 10/10 would reccomend
76561198033006437,Recommended,242860,35004157,Posted: 16 September,all,EMO-FRODO-DA-GILF-PIMP,wewe
,Recommended,242860,35002608,Posted: 16 September,all,NEEKALAS,"Reminds me of the Video Games of Old.Easy to learn, but hard to master.If it's on sale I highly recommend picking up a copy.Heck consider scooping it up at full price, if you have the itchin'.Trench Warfare at it's finest. Haven't seen a game capture WWI any better.Engagement area's feel tight, No-man's Land is treacherous to rush through, and the constant artillery barrages, machine gun-fire, grenades explosions and rifle cracks make for a very potent enviroment.Keep your butt low, and your head on a swivel. Because that's the only way you're able to top the leaderboards."
76561198192865002,Recommended,242860,34436848,Posted: 23 August,all,LordSören,Sugi pula
,Recommended,242860,34630873,Posted: 31 August,all,LDNF-Luis,"Very very fun game, a lot more fun than Battlefield 1 by a long way. This game is surprisinlgy easy for beginner's and has a  fast, teamwork based style. For me, this is more enjoyable than most FPS games around. Purchase it if on sale, it's worth it :)"
,Not Recommended,242860,20017506,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,1 big room full of bad pigeons,unplayable garbage
76561198290046083,Recommended,242860,34799799,Posted: 7 September,all,idk a cool name,its a realistic ww1 game
76561198203569616,Recommended,242860,35159666,Posted: 23 September,all,derpydiablo,If you like learning about WW1 and realistic fps games then Verdun is the game for you. It is tons of fun.
76561197995864075,Recommended,242860,35169384,Posted: 23 September,all,Clam,This game is so fun!!!
,Recommended,242860,35169262,Posted: 23 September,all,Grim,"This game is really good. Thought about purchasing it for a long time, glad I finally did. You should buy it too."
76561198028099846,Recommended,242860,35151392,Posted: 23 September,all,N98,If youre reading this get the game!It is the ultimate ww1 PTSD simulator
,Recommended,242860,35165853,Posted: 23 September,all,Saluto Al Duce!❤,You'll spend 90% of your time hiding in the trenches praying not to get shot. Just like in real war. 10/10
76561198161054488,Recommended,242860,35074367,Posted: 19 September,all,Black metal cat,This game is amazing if you wanna watch your comrades get their limbs blown off or their jaws even oh boy is this the game for you in this wonderful game you can shoot people be shot at by those same people and confuse a rock for a human being and forgot how to put on your gas mask I give it 1914/1918.
,Recommended,242860,35242694,Posted: 27 September,all,Wank Tank,Basically a dying simulator. Still fun though
76561197998958257,Recommended,242860,35253614,Posted: 27 September,all,ROFL MAO,"A somewhat innovative FPS set in WW1. There are a few things I wish were part of the game, but all in all a very good game. There are still quite a few matches going on, and there are still new people rolling in, so its not just a lot of veterans (although ending up vs a team of veterans is one of the hazards)."
76561198298869729,Recommended,242860,29411400,Posted: 21 January,all,Demonhunter12914,Good game some issues like reloding is slow as h$ll but not bad it was worth what I payed for it for sure.
76561198271058909,Recommended,242860,35249529,Posted: 27 September,all,pause,this game is amazing and its ashame more people dont play it so if you decide to by it spread the word
,Recommended,242860,21029769,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,NoldoR,very good realistic and historical game with awesome developpers.
,Not Recommended,242860,21551388,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Boomerang Rapido,I would rather buy Winrar
76561197994830695,Recommended,242860,16511164,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Admiral Doughnuts,"~~ I'm not changing my review to negative but I hate this one minor problem:  FIX THE F--KING DUAL MONITOR PROBLEMS.  I'm sick of alt tabbing out then back in and having my game switch monitors for no reason. ~~The combat is too hard, it's just a constant stream of spawning and dying until you learn how to keep cover between you and the enemy.It's the perfect WW1 game.Nothing feels unbalanced, unlocks are basically attainable after very little playtime, this isn't my favorite shooter, but no other game will fit the gap this one fills like this does.  Red Orchestra comes close, but the futility of the combat in this game, where sometimes you die when you're even doing everything right, is what I love about it."
,Recommended,242860,35396354,Posted: 1 October,all,Chopped Liver,"Good game; lots of explosions, death, blood, gore, anger, revenge, barbed wire, trench foot, shell shock, rage, bullets...10/10 Would take shell to the face again"
76561198106407461,Recommended,242860,35397060,Posted: 1 October,all,Popalupa,"Good game. Hard to keep your cool at times. Worth price, buy now."
76561197963207711,Recommended,242860,35304789,Posted: 29 September,all,Yersinia Pestis,Highly recommended. Best FPS I've played since Bf'42 and CS
,Recommended,242860,35308856,Posted: 29 September,all,Goggin,"Unsatisfied with battlefield 1's realism? Well you've come to the right place, Verdun is a team based WWI FPS that throws you right into period correct trenches. Trench foot not included."
,Not Recommended,242860,28091835,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,cyanide_headache,"This is an awesome game, and when it works, it is one of my favorites out there. When it works...This is one of the most glicth-ridden, putrid pieces of rancid fecal matter for an excuse of a game that I have ever played; so much so that there is an amazingly active glitch-reporting thread on the forums, and less done to remedy errors than an abandoned early-access game.I have, in the time that I have dealt with the unplayabe periods, contacted the developers a total of six times, and no response was ever given...not once.The last negative is that the community is utterly toxic and full of trolls.You can see from my hours played that I am not new to the game, and I am serious when I say that I love it. I just cannot reccomend spending money on a game that plays as inconsistently as this one. That being said: if you do not have any of these issues or concerns, then spend away. It's a fantastic game when it works."
76561198041068683,Recommended,242860,35316214,Posted: 29 September,all,YT,"Great comunity, even greater devs. Game is constantly being updated, fixed, improved. It's amazingly realistic, wich can make you shiver sometimes from the horrors of war. 10/10, superb for anyone into shooters, sims, casuals or competitive players. The comunity is friendly and anyone can join the game and learn."
76561198354007330,Recommended,242860,35345236,Posted: 30 September,all,♛ Bruda ♛,Great and Realistic Game.
76561198037949608,Not Recommended,242860,35453404,Posted: 3 October,all,Agnar,"I hated the movement, it was glitchy and awful."
76561198161921081,Recommended,242860,15690073,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Bjørn,AMAZING GAME GOOD GRAPHICS SMOOTH GAMEPLAY REALLY GOOD AND ENJOYABLE
76561198102962413,Recommended,242860,33609155,Posted: 17 July,all,[P]ink [G]uy,"Good game, would love to get shellshocked again and again."
76561198353139759,Recommended,242860,32260857,Posted: 7 June,all,German Reich,why won't it work! steam authentication??
,Recommended,242860,35472381,Posted: 4 October,all,Јован,Great game. cant wait for their next game
,Recommended,242860,35486003,Posted: 4 October,all,Didgeridoo,"its pretty fun when you get over the first humps when you first join a game, you're going to die a lot and there's a certain period where you're just gonna have to deal with that.the biggest issue ive seen is the spawns at times, there are just spawns in some maps where you cant even reach the trench to defend it because you have to go out in the open, and you will die most of the time, but when you get to where you need to go it can get pretty good.my favorite is the fact that it forces the use of trenches, world war 1 games typically include trenches but dont force you to use them, at least not from what ive seen.the use of gas is also good, nco calls it in and it affects your gameplay in more than one way, first one being the obvious,♥♥♥♥♥♥s deadly, use your gasmask. gas acts as a smoke screen as much as an area denial weapon as well so unless you plan to spray, you wont be firing into it or running blindly into it until it fades. relative to the player there's a few changes as well, the gas masks have a first person overlay, more or less, you can see the lenses and if you're german, they've got frames over the lenses, obscuring the view. the british masks are better becuase they lack them, but your view is still limited.artillery and grenades can be a little wonky, sometimes you'll die and sometimes you wont. its something you have to call from a position you can actually see, not just pointing it out on a map on games like ro2, so i guess that helps a bit.biggest difference from a lot of games. damage tables 100%. very few guns will just hurt you slightly, most you encounter will kill you damn near instantly, automatics will do about 2 hits before death, and pistols 2 to 3. most firearms are just simple bolt actions of their respective nations, and they're all instant kill.as a whole i really like verdun, its a great game, just needs better spawns and some netcode improvements.id recommend to someone whose not really into fast action but doesnt want really slow action, and also wants a historically accurate experience."
76561198033100610,Recommended,242860,35478932,Posted: 4 October,all,Rick Grimes,The netcode sometimes feels off But dispite that this is a solid ww1 trench experience with fun gameplay
76561198377335979,Recommended,242860,35469016,Posted: 4 October,all,Alpha Wolf,"It is a really good game. Nice variety of factions/countries to choose from. Would be awesome if there was an Australian faction or even a few maps from Gallipoli, like Lone Pine. One of the Regiments that i would like to see being Australian is the Light Horse. I just ask one thing if the developers do add Australians, please do not give them helmets but instead the AUSTRALIAN ARMY'S SLOUCH HAT."
,Recommended,242860,35498597,Posted: 5 October,all,Atomic Flopper,Great WW1 Infantry only shooter
76561197974174649,Recommended,242860,35513987,Posted: 6 October,all,LeBaronRouge57,Great game. The real and only WW1 simulator. Forget the other ones.Cant wait for Tannenberg. Please beta release... Hurry  :)
