user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,242920,16917220,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review┤Game Pros• Challenging• Excellent AI• Beautiful graphics• Everything unlocked from the start (""Banished is not about forcing challenges on players, but a city builder that lets you do what you want, in whatever order you wish"" - Developer)• Natural Disasters (Fires, Tornados, and so on. This feature can be disabled)• Clean and simple main menu and user interface• Includes all seasons and weather• Tons of things to build and keep watch over• Ton of different jobs for villagers to be assigned to (Blacksmith, Tradesman, Farmer, Teacher, Hunter, and so on)• Your decesions can bring you brutal punishments. And possibly the death of everyone.Game Cons• Lacks resource control• Needs more variety on background music and ambient soundsRelateable Games• Sim City• City SkylinesConclusionBanished is one of my favorite Town/Village/City building games. Without the influence and preassure on companies that make Triple A titles, this game is crafted beautifully, and has a better connection with the community. If you want a challenging, and addicting city/village/town building game, I would highly reccomend picking this one up.Score85/100(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
,Recommended,242920,32231217,Posted: 6 June,all,Mori,"I think after getting 100% achievements and sinking countless hours into this game I could write few words.Map Seeds:Map generation changed a little in past 2 years so most old seeds generate something else.Because of this I am going to leave 2 map seeds that should make it possible to get all achievements in2017:Mountain Men:  Mountains, Small - 685285880 (1.0.6)Everything else: Valleys, Large - 19569742 (1.0.7)I put almost 700 hours into this small game, considering I got the game in sale for $9 few years ago, that's quite good deal however about 600 of these hours went into heavily modified version of banished known as Colonial Charter.Vanilla BanishedI am not going to write elaborate review as the game is over 3 year old and there's already 20k of them.Banished as stand alone game is really nice looking time sink with relaxing music for maybe about 20 - 50 hours more if you are trying to get all all achievements. Game start roughly and if you don't know how to play it's quite possible you will lose everything really fast. This also scares few of my friends from playing but the moment you learn game everything becomes really easy and only challenge are RNG disasters that can be turned off such as tornados, disease, fire or orchard infestation.There's many guides and banished wikia contains calculator for optimal field, orchard, graveyard or pasture size turning the game into relaxing simulation instead of challenge.*You can only earn achievements in unmoded version.Modded BanishedThis is where I put most of my hours.Currently the best mods you can get isColonial Charter + Megamod. Don't look in the workshop instead, google their site for instruction and direct download. I heard The North is really nice mod but I didn't had time to check it out.I admit I feel like even with Adam & Eve - which is supposedly hardest start, starting just with 2 people, buildings in CC makes everything easier than original. Some might think of it as negative but honestly I think it just turn banished into sim city builder with many production chains and nicer visuals thanks to the variety and decoration CC brings.CC + Megamod adds many new maps, buildings, decorations, animals, plans and so on that it expand the game many times over. The decorations and customized sets such as docks make it worth alone.If you are looking for more simulation and less survival I would recommend starting with already modded game.My largest problem with the gamePerformance - Game starts to hang out at +10 speed when your population start to hit certain number of people.In my case it's around 800 to 1200, then I slow game to +5 or +2. However in these large half map covering cities that speed is almost impossible to work on as everything takes ages to finish on lower speed when you are trying to maitain and grow city with population so big.I noticed this speed isn't much related to your computer setup as it's to the game. For example I can run FF14 or HotS basically any other game next to banished and there's no lag no delay in them and there's no effect on Banished either.In the end, I do recommended the game modded or not. Both offer quite different experience.One for a few hours of challenge in I think graphically pleasing builder and other for many hours of simulation."
,Recommended,242920,12614438,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Praxis-[CE],"Banished is the best city builder I've ever played (and I've played a lot, having been a fan of the genre since the original Sim City and the old Sierra historical builder games). The game is deceptively simple, you start with a few settlers and minimal supplies and you build a thriving settlement. Sounds easy enough, but it's probably one of the most challenging games I've played.There are a variety of crops, animals, and natural resources. Your setttlers will plant and gather and use these to build a rustic town. Steel tools and stone houses represent the pinnacle of your settlement's technological advancement. You can barter goods with a few visiting tradesmen and some nomads may periodically ask to join your settlement, but that's the limit of your outside contact. Peace reigns, you won't need any military (or even police) here. The only hostile forces you will encounter in Banished are tornadoes, fires, diseases, starvation, and cold. And you will encounter them, a lot.Although the game is relaxing to play, it can at times be incredibly difficult. Your settlement might be going along nicely for 100 years, with plenty of food and lots of citizens available to fill all the jobs that need to be done, and suddenly everyone has cholera and you're closing down the schoolhouse to free up some child laborers to expand your cemetary. Banished is brutal that way. But it's also beautiful. The music and graphics and effects are really appealing, and the immersion factor is high. It's definitely one of those games you can sit down to in the early afternoon and play for hours and hours and then be surprised to find your stomach growling and oh hey when did it get so dark outside?The developer is very active and involved in the community, and new features are added often. Now the game offers modding capability and Steam Workshop. So far the community has responded with some amazing tweaks and additions which only make the game even better (also a little easier, if you find the challenge a bit much).I can't wait to see how Banished continues to evolve, which it seems to do in much the same way that my tiny settlements grow and evolve, with all of the little details coming together to make something really satisfying and enjoyable."
,Recommended,242920,11225378,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ostensibleArchitect,"After everyone else in my city starved to death, only Nesto was left. I followed him for several more years as he lived off what others had left behind; moving from house to house to find food and firewood. Nesto spent half his entire life completely alone in a post-apocalyptic city, finally succumbing to the cold one late winter day at the age of 60. When Nesto died, the overall happiness of the city increased. This is the best game I have ever played."
,Recommended,242920,14165455,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,fenster,"Banished is a distillation of what a lot of city-building fans missed from newer SimCity games.  It’s a smart, fun twist on the concept -- instead of ruling over a metropolis through a mayor’s lens, you play a more intricate role in the development of a small colony.  Every citizen is somebody you can see and control (though not directly), and your role is to see that your citizens are well-fed, happy, and warm through the long winters.  The result is a more nuanced and satisfying game than the EA flagship franchise which inspired it.Every Banished game starts on a randomly generated map, where you control a small band of settlers (about 10 adults and 10 children) who have ostensibly been banished from wherever they came from.  You have nothing but the minimal supplies they carried with them, and the resources of the land around you.  Your first objective is to survive the coming winter, which you can do by building houses, creating a source of food (a fishing dock or gatherer’s hut would do), and a source of heat for winter (firewood).  All of these things require resources such as lumber, stone, and iron, which your citizens can scrounge from the land around them.After the first winter, your options explode.  The basic idea is to increase the population of your town by building homes, while balancing the basic needs of the citizens with the resources required for those needs.  Every citizen in your town is a resource as well; the player personally assigns jobs to accomplish every task, and must make sure their labor force is well balanced and not spread too thin.  Should the population dip and you no longer have enough farmers, for instance, the consequences can be dire.All of this may sound a little daunting, and it can be, but Banished provides a helpful tutorial at the outset to ease the difficulty curve a bit.  I was able to get rolling with my city and survive my first winter with its help.  The mechanics are satisfying and relatively deep, although after 20 hours or so I found myself finding a groove and more or less following a formula for increasing the population of my town.  It was still fun to see my town sprawl across the map (which can be sizeable), but the gameplay got a bit tired.Banished does come with robust mod support and for those who find themselves growing tired of the gameplay, there is an extensive library of mods which breathe new life into the game.  Colonial Charter is a large mod which adds an incredible amount of new content and greatly extends the life of Banished.  It’s great to see mod support for a game like this, and it’s a shining example of why we should see more mod support for games going forward.Overall, I’d recommend Banished to anyone pursuing that city simulation itch, but finding themselves disappointed with recent EA offerings.  Populations of your city won’t rocket into the millions, but the level of control and visibility into the workings of the simulation is very satisfying.  It’s a game which, while probably inspired by games like SimCity, does plenty to establish itself in this genre with new ideas."
76561198085863339,Recommended,242920,12986791,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Over_The_Flows,"My entire village burned down, leaving two teenage boys alive and no-one else. I had a very successful economy so they survived on their own for many years in the burnt out husk of what was once a thriving merchant town by living off my extensive stockpile of most resources. Unable to have children for obvious reasons, they slowly grew old, and in late winter of Year 108, they both died at the ripe old ages of 72 and 73 respectively.11/10 would play again."
,Recommended,242920,18070577,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,That Merman Jutes,"After over 100 hours of playing it is definitely time that I write a review for this game.I bought Banished on a whim during the summer sales, I played lots of Sim City 2000 during my childhood and I was after another game like that but of course at the time Cities Skylines was out of my budget, so after a bit of YouTube research I added this to my games collection.When I started my first village I was completely lost, in fact my first four or five villages were complete failures. This game had a lot to balance up, a constant battle for resources that I always seemed to lose, it was very frustrating at first and I almost abandoned the game with about five hours playtime. I took to YouTube again and learnt the basics of making it through winter and keeping up with farming and eventually I made it past the usual three year mark and got a village that was actually growing and moving forward. With the town in full swing I was able to expand further and further, making smaller communities that would join with marketplaces and eventually with trading ports to bring animals, all leading up to the town hall which is great for prediciting resource consumption, housing needs and allowing the entry of nomads.At this point I was spending almost entire days just tending to my village, I built a huge bridge spanning across a lake to connect up two distant communities and made both self reliant, with each year adding more houses, schools, forester lodges and so on. The problem is that if you don't maintain just one element of your village, the collapse is VERY sudden. One year my sheep got sick and this affected the whole herd, meaning I had to kill them all; in tern this meant that my tailor couldn't make the highest quality coats and since I didn't change the settings to a lower material, I had no coats stockpiled for winter, leading to many of my villagers freezing to death.My newest village is going strong with around 280 citizens but everything lies in the balance, the further you get the more you have to keep track of, but it feels very rewarding to make it through a year without someone starving to death. I have to juggle my farmers around so that once a harvest is finished they are then pushed into the mines and quarries to retrieve resources until spring comes again, if I forget to change that option in time then that causes a huge drop in my food production, so yeah you need to stay on top of everything. My screen is usually covered with all my building objectives that need to be filled and the town hall stats that will show where to put my labourers.That all being said, Banished isn't going to be a game you will return to every week, I could play for days on end at first but now its a bit intimidating returning to my town, that could be because of the stress of it all. The music can get quite repetitive but overall I did really enjoy the soundtrack, very appropriate for the theme of the game, but when you hear the music on start up everytime it can just get you out of the mood of playing, i'd put a playlist of your own on standby if you're going to play for more than two or so hours. I have been lucky to avoid most of the in game disasters unlike other players but that can be toggled to your preference. I agree with some players that there could have been a few more build options on top of what there is, more types of housing is something I would have enjoyed, but i've been playing without any mods so far and haven't felt the need (yet) to go in search for them.Once you get your first successful town, the game is very cosy and its great to have the different map seeds with flat land or valleys to spice things up. You are going to need patience at first that is for sure, look up guides if you get caught in the lag of the first few years and that will help move things forward. The art style is quite detailed for such a small game and the camera feature that lets you cut back and forth to far apart settlements is so useful, in fact many of the shortcuts available make management of the game a lot less stressful as you go along.Banished is a game I would definitely recommend to anyone I know. While it has difficulty options available to you, I would say this game is for people in that middle zone with it being a bit challenging for casual players and maybe lacking that complexity a more hardcore simulator player would prefer. Go watch some videos and add it to your wishlist!"
,Recommended,242920,10593382,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kalytron,"My friend had a Banished game with a man named Garther in his town. He was among the first settlers. Garthar was educated and handsome, but never took a wife or had children - much to the dismay of the town. Instead, Garther took the tough jobs. The hunting jobs - slogging through deer innards to butcher and skin wilderness animals to feed the lesser peons of his civilization. Garther did this for many brutal winters before finally retiring to a small house near the edge of town due to old age. But this didn't stop Garther.Oh, no. Garther took it upon himself to then educate the new generation of town inhabitants as their new teacher. In his late 80s. The rugged, elderly mountain man taught them all how to hunt and fend for themselves - and most importantly - how to not be ♥♥♥♥♥es. The town still stands to this day, all thanks to Garthar.Rest in peace, sweet prince.10/10. Would relive the saga."
,Recommended,242920,9171894,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Contentiously,This game has taught me that I should never ever ever be in charge of people's survival.
,Recommended,242920,9177430,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,James,"Thinking of buying this game? Well let me help you out with that. First take the time to look at these two youtubers, Start with TotalBiscuit's WTF is ... Banished, still interested? Now take the time to watch quill18's ""Let's play : Banished"" it has 18 videos of game play for you to sink your mind into.Now that you've taken the time to watch the video's take this into consideration. This game was devoloped by a one man show , Luke Hordorowicz. (Shining Rock Software) He started making this game in Aug. 2011 and in 3 years has made something I have been really enjoying. This game isn't really a city/town builder as it is a survival game. There is no invading hordes, ninja's, bandits or jabba-walkies, but to me it's not needed. Micro managing your town is plenty, for now. There is going to be mod support for this and with the talent I've seen out there I'm sure new buildings and other things you might miss will surely be added.The game itsself does start at a slow pace like most building games. (there is the ability to increase the speed x2, x5, x10) but that can change pretty fast. My first two towns ended up ghost towns from thinking I could afk for 10 mins. Lesson learned. Starvation, disease, fire, etc. will make short work of your town if not ready for it and it willl happen. There is no money in this game, more of a barter system once you set up your trader. Exchanging items your town has crafted for new crop seeds, live stock and other supplies. Finding the balance in your town is key which can be tricky, placing a bunch of houses down and not having food for your new rapid growing town will end poorly.This game isn't meant to be rushed, take time to pause the game and look at your map and plan ahead. There is no winning in Banished only failing. You either find the right groove and keep getting bigger or watch your little towns people turn into compost. Three dificulty levels, I find medium or hard a lot more fun. Random map generator which is nice to see. 3 different map sizes, plus a choice of valleys or mountains. Weather and seasons, and plenty more.In closing I'd like to say the game is worth 19.99$ and honestly I find any game I can spend hours playing on the first day well worth my money. I've bought 60$ games from the big AAA companies and either have them beat in 5-6 hours or lose interest in 30 minutes. This game is going on my favorites list for sure. Thanks for reading, cheers!"
,Recommended,242920,19122177,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Banished strips the complexities of the city-building genre to their essentials. Shining Rock Software has rolled the genre back to the middle ages. There's no sewer system to manage, no power grid to maintain. Just a group of settlers pushing into the wilderness, and a wilderness that pushes back.This simplicity creates a focused game in Banished. It starts as an intimate simulation and grows to be a taut, strategic experience.Banished feels more like a survival simulation than a traditional city builder. I was plopped into the middle of the wilderness with a dozen people and some supplies, which they immediately began consuming. The race was on to clear enough land to plant crops and build houses before winter.Each step in this arduous process is shown off by delicate animations that give life to the individual tasks. And each of those animations has a one-to-one relation to the city's production. Ask a citizen to fell a tree, and watch as they chop it down, carry back and deposit a single wood resource into the town's storage. Banished's towns look like a busy little ant colonies from afar, but all the activity is something more. The game rewards careful study, and those rewards made me begin to care about my little citizens.At the expense of making laborers anonymous, Banished provides an enormous amount of control over their virtual lives. The game's mechanics are closely tied to the cycle of the seasons, so in the spring and early summer I shifted everyone into the fields for planting. In the autumn I pulled laborers out of the mines to bring in the harvest. With such high-level strategy driving my decisions, I felt like a leader, not just a deity pushing at abstracted levers. While I couldn't get to know my citizens as individuals, I had control over their lives.This worked perfectly until the mid-game, where the simulation gets tedious. Once I pushed the population over 50 workers it became less about dictating the free time of each individual and more about the careful accounting of performance of the population as a whole. But at this level of gameplay, Banished struggles with giving players solid feedback on their actions. For instance, a gatherer will roam the area around town and carry back little baskets of roots and berries. But when the forest has been picked clean they just mutely wander. You have to zoom in, below the trees, and check to see if their hands are full. When you're tracking a small population of workers on a one-to-one basis, this is fine. When the population has ballooned, it becomes a major frustration.The struggle for information makes Banished especially difficult at points. As I swung wildly from feast to famine and back again, lots of people were left cold and hungry. Entire towns died off before I had an understanding of how to cycle through methods of generating food in order to reliably collect enough to make it through each winter. And even then it was more guesswork than fact; let's try hunting more this year, fishing more the next. While future towns benefitted from my experience, Banished put me through an emotional wringer to earn any pride I felt for my little ant farm.My only comfort during these tough times was to zoom into the gorgeous fully 3D world. Banished looks phenomenal, and it ran without a hitch at maximum settings, even in the late game when my town of nearly 200 began to sprawl across several screens. At such a large scale Banished resembles a little clockwork machine with hundreds of tiny parts. And as the movement began to slow, the complexity of the simulation allowed me to easily pull off the gears and reassemble them in clever ways. When a disaster, say an infestation of insects, began to attack the crops, I pulled workers from the quarry to quickly bring in the harvest. At the same time I repositioned workers from the coal mine to clear more land for fast-growing, alternative crops. It was a joy to find that sometimes my improvised solutions even worked.Banished demands your attention. It's a game that shows instead of tells, and at times I wish it had told me more. I failed over and over again as I got my bearings. But the grand scale of those failures just made my improvements feel all the more genuine. Past the steep learning curve and trial-and-error gameplay of Banished lies a methodically crafted labor of love that is as precise as it is thrilling."
76561198015231091,Not Recommended,242920,32104807,Posted: 1 June,all,Radix,"Quite good at first, I had a thirst for good management game and this game did quench it. But thats all. You play it once and thats all you will get from it.Devs consider this game finished but I would dissagree. After you master the balance of resources and labor you basically can just sprawl your village all over the map if you wish so, the only problem is that there is no sense of advancing, you dont upgrade, you dont become significant in any way,  even if you become a city sized settlement your buildings are still small wood huts.Its all just finding out the pattern and then building upon it untill you hit the very low progression and difficulty ceilings. The moment you build the very few stone buildings there are you are finished, nothing new will ever happen and unless you screw something up yourself your village is ever safe.There were suggestions about invading indians, more advanced trade system, but non made it into the game.As far as I am concerned this is a rather simple village builder wihout any indepth mechanics."
,Recommended,242920,9402436,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Alan,A 10-year-old girl claimed a house to herself and managed to hoard the whole town's food until everyone else died10/10
,Recommended,242920,9173303,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Dryerlint,"I've never had so much fun watching a town of hard working parents and their children survive a mass starvation, thrive, and then all freeze to death."
,Recommended,242920,23328328,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Audish,"A good city builder is often the kind of game you can relax with. It's like an ant farm or a fish tank, you have a certain level of input, but from there you just watch nature take its course. Banished is a deceptively relaxing game, with its pastoral themes and gentle, lilting soundtrack. Beneath the inviting exterior however is a persistent test of your planning abilities, one that can have you sweating before you know it.""Banished"" refers to the tiny group of country folk you start the game with, a group of exiles in a wild, untamed land. From a humble start you help them assemble food, shelter, and comfort for themselves against the harsh winters. This is a personal-level game, similar to Tropico or Children of the Nile, where you can follow each individual resident from their house to their work and back. You'll also find elements of the Anno games, with each home and structure having its own inventory of goods that must be balanced against the consumption of the ever-growing population.This is where the game can make you panic, because I wasn't kidding about the harsh winters. Your people need food, firewood, clothes, tools, medicine, and other goods and services to survive and prosper, and their needs change by season. When winter comes you'll see a run on the food and firewood stores that can quickly leave people starving and freezing if you haven't adequately prepared. Shortfalls can be extremely hard to recover from, because farms are planted and harvested by seasons, orchards take years to grow from saplings, and your livestock ages as your residents do.Once you master the balance of goods for your populace, the rest of the challenge is up to you. Banished gives you access to all the buildings right up front, only gating them behind required quantities of the basic building materials. You can have your people farming, fishing, herding, hunting, gathering, brewing, trading, and so on in just a few years, and then aside from the seeds and livestock you have to trade for, you'll have seen everything. From that point on the challenge is entirely in balancing your resources as your village expands indefinitely. The margins get thinner and thinner and curveballs like nomads joining your community en masse can throw off your plans, but the basic rules of expansion do not change.The magic of the game is that you'll play for a few hours, set up a perfectly functional town with all the buildings and services, put it down... and then find yourself coming back to expand again and again. The quaint graphics and simple mechanics make it a delight to simply keep building out further and further. There are no scenarios or campaigns, just you and the random maps to fill, and even without anything pushing you forward to fill them you might find yourself inclined to do just that. Banished ended up being one of the more addictive city builders I've played, making up for simplicity with more than enough charm.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,242920,13011003,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Zlad!,Don't blink.Blink and youstarveIt happens fast.Faster than you can believe.Don't turn your backDon't look away.And don't blink.Good luck
,Recommended,242920,13611012,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Beefy,"Didn't build things quick enough, everyone died apart from Kurtiss the Fisherman.Kurtiss lived for 7 years by himself endlessly fishing until he froze to death.10/10 - R.I.P. Kurtiss the Fisherman."
,Recommended,242920,32758507,Posted: 24 June,all,DatArsenalFan,"As a patient gamer (/r/patiengamer in reddit), I played this game after few years of the release.I think the developers and most of the gamers has moved on from this game. But I believe, there are plenty of patient gamer like me who still waiting on this game. Well ... don't. This game has price of $20 range and I'd defintely say buy it at that price point. If you see it in a sale, then it's a no-brainer.But who is this game for?If you like real time strategy with base-building games? - this game is for you. Plenty of base building.Survival lover? - not exactly survival genre, but I believe on hard difficulty, this game will challenge you a lot to survive your population.Economy simulation? - It's not good but don't buy this game for solely that purpose.Steam has either yes or no as review rating. So aligning to a binary review score, I'dreccommendthis game to strategy lovers.  If you onto number based review score, then read it as7.5 / 10."
,Recommended,242920,12787846,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Nitrous Oxide,"Banished is a city-building game with a heavy focus on survival. From humble beginnings - just a few families exiled from their past lives and a handful of supplies - you will have the opportunity to build up a thriving community.While Banished has all the footprints of a typical city-building game, it sets itself apart from the rest by including a diverse pool of resources to manage, each with impacts on your villagers’ happiness, health, and productivity. Each citizen adds to your total consumption, meaning you cannot afford to be complacent; you must always be planning ahead lest famine or disease wipe out most of your population. You must also manage your labor force (working adults), and should do so as efficiently as possible in order to minimize their struggle to survive.The setting and the art-style compliment the survival theme quite well. There is never any doubt that you are building a barebones medieval-era town - all the buildings are made from wood and stone and the whole thing feels very quaint. The seasons change, which has both a visual effect as well as creating a growth cycle for plants and crops (can’t farm during the winter!).As the years progress, your population ages, has children, and eventually passes away leaving the newer generations to repeat the circle of life... that is if they haven’t suffered any misfortunes along the way. Merchants will periodically visit and trade crop seeds, farm animals, and all kinds of goods once you’ve built a trading post. Wandering nomads may choose to settle in your town if you allow them.There is a healthy variety of crops and buildings, and there is also Workshop/mod support. Although the modkit for Banished is only fresh out of beta, there is already a significant amount of additional content that improves the base game immensely. For example, the Colonial Charter mod provides a complete overhaul of the game with tons of new resources, buildings, and production chains.If city-building games are something you enjoy, I cannot recommend Banished enough. This was one of my most anticipated releases of 2014 and it has definitely lived up to my expectations (and then some). A word of caution though, there are many hardships ahead; this is in no way an ""easy"" game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=335650501"
,Recommended,242920,14241500,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Galoot,> had a decent sized village> built a Chapel because why not> didn't hire Cleric because lol religion> villagers basically godless heathens> nekminit tornados touch down> 20 years in-game time with tornados every year> year 21> tornado touches down> plows through ENTIRE village> areyou♥♥♥♥ingkiddingme.jpeg> wait a minute> 1 building left standing> is Chapel> still didn't have Cleric> made a villager become the Cleric> wololo'd my last few remaining villagers> haven't had a single tornado since> praise the Tornado GodsEDIT: Oh god please stop with the random friend requests.
,Recommended,242920,12812335,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,2ScoopsOfFunk,">Play long enough to get 110 people>Outbreak of influenza>No big deal, have physician>Winter comes early>Crops die before harvesting>Uh-oh>Physician keeps dying of starvation>By the next summer, before crops can be harvested, 75% of town dead>Why God.10/10"
,Recommended,242920,15666193,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Luxzackian,"After accidentally closing my eyes to blink while tasking my first batch of villagers, I opened them to find everyone dead from starvation except five children. Thankfully there were enough cabbages in storage for them to survive for two years until they grew up. After tasking them as fishermen on a nearby river I learned fishermen can consistently fish about three fish a year, enough to sustain almost 0.000001% of my population. As my village began to grow once more I felt the shattered fragments of my soul beginning to piece themselves back together. However, six fishermen in a village of seven people was not enough, and I quickly learned this as I watched all my young adults starve once more. I still had two people left. As they progressively had more and more sex and my incestual village was for the third time repopulated I knew what I had to do. Farms were the only way out. Now I have a monopoly on the cabbage industry, and even now my 4000 cabbages each harvest is not enough to sustain my village of twenty people. As I watch those I love slowly starve, I can't help but remind myself through the many tears that flood my room what a great game banished is. 10/10 would starve the incestual children again."
,Recommended,242920,9956623,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,unpopular dex,Steps to winning the game:1. Build a city.2. Realize you built it wrong.3. Watch your people die in agony.4. Repeat until you run out of body bags.5. Consider calling the suicide hotline: 1-800-273-82556. Give it a review after rehabilitation:10/10 Would commit an accidental Holocaust again.
76561198002514630,Not Recommended,242920,9188580,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Herrstarr^,"I really love this game, the whole experience was very enjoyable while playing, and it actually proved to be quite a challenge, however....... I've played for 10 hours and I've basically seen everything this game has to offer, I've maintained a population of around 190 people, built all the buildings in the game, expanded a far distance across a large map, and kept my whole population 4.5/5 happy and healthy for the entire duration of my playtime, the only thing left me to do is just build more houses.... in turn building more food->wood->woodcutter infrastructures to help maintain this.While I really enjoyed this game, the graphics, the design, the art, the mechanics, the game is extremely short and lacking in more... I don't know stuff. I know that it is only a 1 man team, and for that He's done something amazing. I just can't help but feel this game could be one of the best city-building games out there, if there were more things to do, maybe an advancement in technology (not like, pewpew-lazers), or perhaps the option to build larger houses, or more entertainment facilities, or just more buildings in general. Basically the game turned into the same, repeat infrastructure too fast and to soon in, where-as similiar games had a lot more longevity to them, such as Anno 2070 just to put as an example.In closing, I would say this game was really fun to play, I am just saddened that it has nothing left to offer me after only 10 hours of play, I really want to play more, but there is literally nothing to do, just build more wood gatherers, and more food... and then more woodcutters to supply the demand, thats it........ It's too easy to keep your people happy/healthy and in turn disaters came few and far between, and once you get into the big population numbers random deaths don't have any impact when your playing around with a standing work force of 15-20 larbourers at any given time.Regards"
76561198058300124,Recommended,242920,9599057,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Maverick,"If you want to see how we, as a population, might fare into the future, then take a look ""back"" at Banished. Set in the era of middle ages/horse and cart/pilgrims this is a very pretty game with a very simple to learn playstyle. There are no goals except for achievements and it's what makes this fascinating.A plodding ""city"" builder with a balancing act like no other. The skills, the knowledge and the subtle finesse needed to make a city survive past a few hundred is nothing short of a miracle on some maps. Errors in planning are usually not detected until well into a game and are usually the result of something you did a long time ago. You will then either suffer ""Aha"" moments or pound your keyboard in frustration when you realise what you were *supposed* to do.From hero to zero in minutes.The balance in this is superb. Everything suffers cause and effect. Too many sheep creating too much wool that fills the barns that prevents the harvest that causes the people to starve is just one example. SO just build more barns yeah? Then wood becomes scarce and the toolmaker runs out. So no tools are made and you run out and nobody can do anything. Including the toolmaker! Scrambling around grabbing every bit of iron and wood to make tools so you can harvest so the people don't starve. Or freeze to death!A wicked dev made this and he's a clever one. I've spent a long time looking for those little exploits that circumvents game logic and give me an ""I win"" button but I can't find one. Even the data that might give you clues to what is going wrong (or right) is cleverly hidden despite appearing to have lots of data at your disposal.  After many hours of losing your perfect cities, again and again, you will understand what I mean here.Not that it matters. There is an evil monster lurking in the background of every game.Meet ""The Cascade"".It's that horrible nagging doubt in the back of your mind that the map you've just spent hours, even days on,  is doomed. Death for all is inevitable.  You *know* something is not right and you try to overcompensate but you cause supply problems elsewhere and create even more problems.And your whole town dies. Quickly.As your cemetary fills up, you madly juggle the myriad of tasks each citizen must undertake until... NO... he/she died too!!  After the cascade crash of most of population, you may be left with enough to regrow but be careful now. You need to make the corrections to prevent it happening again. Can you? Will you?You won't.  You will reseed another map and start all over again, ever the wiser. ""I'll put the farms over there and the fishing huts here and the market here and the mine there and the church here and.... and.... and.....""You'll die anyway. It's unavoidable. It's inevitable.  Unsustainable growth will kill you. Every time.A lesson for us all perhaps?gg9/10PS: A few more hours after writing this review I finally pulled the 900 citizens achievement. As a pundit who cried foul and ""it's full of bugs"" the first few days of playing, take heart all who play her.She can be ""beaten"" but she's a tough queen to satiate."
76561198033058437,Not Recommended,242920,16520168,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mikee,"This game is fantastic, but its lacking in ""what to do"" so badly. Its real fun to play and expand your town, but its matter of couple hours untill you build everything there is to build and the only thing that is there left for you to do is to start again, or try to get some achievements or just simply keep increasing population that will make you keep increasing production of resources untill you cover the whole map, but there arent any more targets to aim for. So very quickly you suddenly start asking yourself ""What now?"" and thats why it gets my no, its a fantastic game, but needs to give more to do to the player"
76561198065080939,Recommended,242920,13512072,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MoonBro,My town all died out because of one young child who didn't die or age kept stealing the towns potatoes and firewood. This demon child lived for 10 years on their own before their life was claimed by a tornado.Also 12 and 30 years olds will come together and have babies.10/10 most stressful game of the year
,Recommended,242920,28250171,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Xanadar,"This is my dream strategy citybuilder, with the mods. Alone, it is pretty great still, but there is a huge community that adds so much more to the game, and is encouraged by the creators of the game! The developers of the game even give example mods for you to download, use and examine so that you can make your own mods for the game! On it's own, howerver, the game is still great. I recommend learning to play it first without the mods so you can see what sort of mods would suit you best. Personally, I have found the aging mods the most useful, and the ""pick me up"" mods for the fields, so that when the farmers work the fields, they make a quick first pass to put the produce into containers, then a slower second pass to put the foodstock into storage. It has saved whole fields from suddenly harsh winters!Pointers for starting out: First build a gathering hut, then within circle distance, place a forester shack. Then place one more gathering hut on the opposite side of the forester's shack, as far from the original gathering hut as you can, but within the circle of the forester's shack. Two workers per hut, and one forester. This will take care of food, and firewood/building supplies. (the forester will cut down and replant trees that shelter the food that gatherers pick up) Then build the woodcutter and put in one worker. This should keep you in good with food and firewood for a bit, but be sure to build them a place to live in, either a Boarding House or no more than two to three houses. Once you feel a bit more stable again with food, build a school, because the more educated your workers are, the more they can gather and produce. Also DON'T go too long without a blacksmith and tailor, so that your people can continue to work and be protected from the elements. A herbalist should also come early, so that the herbs can keep your people healthy.Fields for crops should only come after you are short on land and space for gatherers and fishers, since they need to be a distance away from each other. Farming should not be bothered with early in the game; it consumes a great number of workers, and it can all be for naught if your field suddenly dies in an early winter or from a sudden disease that ruins your crop.As for iron, coal, and stone; gather all you can around your little village. Once your people have to travel too far to gather more however, it is time to build mines and stone pits. If your people have ""Warm Coats"" and are plentiful on food, they can travel a larger distance with little risk to their health.In any case, this is the Strategy Citybuilding game I have always dreamed of. Get it and enjoy!"
76561198065079733,Recommended,242920,9322330,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Lukeybew,"11year old girl moved in with 58 year old miner, they then had 2 kids, .... Both were called Olett.10/10"
,Recommended,242920,31592148,Posted: 6 May,all,Super Toaster,"Everyone in my town died exept one man and one little girl. It then flourished into a thriving colonial city10/10 best incest simUnfortunately 60% of the population is blind. The rest are just horribly, horribly disfigured."
,Recommended,242920,31849168,Posted: 19 May,all,BocciardoLight,With Banished a single developer did a far better job than the whole team of Maxis with Sim CityMetacritic:73 / 100 Metascore8.2 / 10 User Score
,Recommended,242920,30214992,Posted: 26 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,Everyone died because the dudes couldn't make tools fast enough which lead to the other dudes not being able to chop wood fast enough which lead to the other other dudes not being able to make firewood fast enough which lead to everyone freezing for winter which lead to many people not surviving the winter which lead to some jobs not being done which lead to more people dying which lead to the end of the game.
76561198086236467,Not Recommended,242920,14603186,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Airianna,"I was quite interested when I got the game on sale, and my hopes were dashed fairly quickly, even after playing as much as I did on it, hoping it would get better, or something would kick in and start working right.Graphics are fairly decent (on a decent system it's quite lovly to look at)The game mechanics to play it are fair (simple enough, click here drag there, collect resources, click on building sellector, and make them build the structure)As a city builder, it lacks in content in so many ways, upgrade wooded to stone houses. watch the people run around aimlessly. build a city hall to get nice graphs and charts that are supposed to deal with the city. No real upgrades for the buildings, and even the stone houses burn to a cinder, costing lots of resources to even build it.The Ai never amounted to anything, as the people moved in and out of buildings often times leaving an age 10 by themselves, or an age 60, even tho there are more than enough spaces to support 15 people. And they won't let anyone join them. The long house actually prevents the people from having children, tho in the Nordic times, The Vikings only lived in longhouses, raised the children as a community.Wells on every corner, when a fire breaks out, and no one bothers to draw water and even try to put the fires out.No in game rewards for accomplishing anything at all, make the people happy, keep them happy, eventually they all starve to death, cause they can't do anything after building on your city for so long.Farmers/hunter/gathers all starve cause they refuse to eat the food they are carriing when hungry, rather they go to the storage bin, unload, walk around and starve before going back to grab food to take home.Even after forcing specific people into particular homes close to where they are supposed to work and store food, after a short time, they had moved, and their job description changes on it's own.schools in the game are pointless, as they are supposed to be educated, yet they do not act like they are.Hospitals in game are useless, sickness happens, and they all refuse to go see the doctor.Up till those points the game is relaxing and lazy for the most part, tho leaves lots open. Sure, your people have been bannished, from where, and why? Why does the incomming trader always insist on charging exortionist prices for an item? And why does the trader always come in on a boat? Where is the caravan traders? How does my chicken farmer get trampled to death? (must of just laid down with a bucket of grain on the other side, then as the chickens past, must of molted and dropped feathers in their mouth, but then that would be suffocation, not trampling... meh) Where are the wild animals that randomly attack the villagers that stray too far away? Or the child that wanders too close to the stream that drowns, cause the parents don't teach their child to swim? Passing down of knowlage from elder to child, as in the days of old? You were born and taught a craft by your parents in the eura the game is supposed to be set in.At $5.00 this base game would be worth getting, for it's simplistic laziness, more than that, I would consider to be a waist of time and money. After waiting a year and a half for some sort of steam update, (to fix the bugs) and none happening, I finally removed it from my system. For the listed price, it is not worth paying for, even on sale it's not that great.If you want true fixes, you have to turn to the modding community. Where their hard work and effort makes the game more enjoyable. (not even going to bother, as the maker of the game didn't even try do it themself)Knowing my post is negative, chances are it will be voted unhelpfull into oblivion... Would mention other games that the dev(s) are actually updating their product through steam even long after actual release dates."
76561198028314958,Recommended,242920,32789161,Posted: 25 June,all,TheMightyCM,Great town/village managment game. very detailed and can be very chalenging. I wish there were more games like Banished.
,Recommended,242920,10026590,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Alien8,Banished is the Dark Souls of city builders.
76561198067707932,Recommended,242920,10641668,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mr_PooMore,"Banished is what many city/village building games wish they could be when they grow up. No barbarians screaming at the gates, not a zombie in sight, just good solid building. Remember when you paid $60 for Simcity and EA kicked you in the junk? This is the exact opposite of that.It's an amazingly fun and intense game. Some people have described it as being ""zen"" to which I disagree to a point. It gives the illusion of being peaceful, until it stabs you in the back. The game is stressful, the game is hard, the game will make you laugh and it will make you cry. You will build up a large, bustling, seemingly succesfull town only for a small disaster to bring your whole population to it's knees. But when you do succeed, it is oh so satisfying.This is the city builder you've been waiting for."
76561198018291760,Recommended,242920,12664790,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Vandlan,"Honestly as someone who has sunk WAY too many hours in to this game my honest opinion is that if you're looking for as realistic a simulation of a built from scratch city builder than this it the game. The fact that instead of the generic cookie cutter city builder type game which largely revolves around money as the sole resource and currency of the game, the element of having to make sure you produce actual resources to support a community instead of just cash is one of my favorite features of the game.They've put a lot of work in to this game since I initially bought it many moons ago when getting the Tenure achievement was nigh on impossible due to either A) crashing and losing your save on a semi regular basis after a certain point B) horrific priority designation on villagers who would always die to starvation every year because they lived on the complete other side of the map and despite passing barns and markets a plenty did not stop for food (I think I went hoarse once actually screaming at them because I lost like 60 in one winter alone) or C) you got blocked by resource production and trade capability in the tools area since after a certain point it's easier just to trade for tools rather than produce them and the trading posts were severly undercapped from where they needed to be and are now. Now all those things have been fixed and I just need to sit down and get the last couple achievments....Negatives I would have to say are the fact that population growth can be a royal pain and a half. Either you've for villagers not popping out babies fast enough and suddenly you've got only about 40 students when you've been operating for the last two hours with twelve fully loaded school houses. Or you can so easily overcompensate and just mass spam houses to the point where not long from then you've got a baby boom on your hands and whereas you once had over 100K food in every category you're now frantically trading with every merchant you can to just simply bulk up food reserves to survive again. It's a tricky balance to maintain as it's easy to forget until it's too late, but if you can master it then you'll thrive.Overall a game well worth the price and the time spent playing it."
,Recommended,242920,13423874,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Susie Seven Blinks,">Had a large, prospering city for about 125 years of about 1600 people>Suddenly farmers stop planting crops for some reason>Everyone begins to starve to death>Measles breaks out>Tornado sweeps through town>Left with 3 people>They all die one by one10/10 best dream crushing simulator would die from starvation again"
76561198030788488,Recommended,242920,31300462,Posted: 22 April,all,Cracktus Jack,"Banishedis a survival city building simulator. In charge of a caravan of settlers looking to eke out a living in the wilderness, establish a village where you must cater to the needs of every inhabitants, surviving the odds of the seasons from generation to generation.Pros: This is a very different take on an economy-based city builder. Each individual member of your community is put to the test. You must hunt, fish, and gather resources for food, clothing, firewood and building material, perhaps surviving long enough to grow your own crops or trade for livestock you hope will multiply. Population must be balanced: while children spend years being little more than additional mouths to feed, they are crucial to replenishing your workforce as your existing population grows older. You will come to depend on each inhabitant's individual contribution, but disaster might strike and see all your efforts washed away when half your population starves because a single crop goes bad, or dies of cold when you run out of firewood in the middle of winter, or loose all your investment in your livestock that dies from a disease. Unless you play in easy mode, you WILL fail, often, and the challenge lies in learning from your mistakes as you undertake the challenge of another town. Beyond being a game, this experience puts a lot of perspective on how early settlers of the western world tried, and often failed, to create a life for themselves.Cons: The game lacks variety, and while I understand the realism of its setting doesn't open it to much variety, the lack of a currency-based economy holds you back from successfully growing into a thriving city, meaning you'll always be nothing more than a village, big or small. That same lack of variety also makes the game somewhat repetitive from one playthrough to another, as you have a very limited amount of building types or sizes for each role. The weather effect washes the colors out of the game, and you spend your playthrough in this bleak atmosphere void of any optimism, even when successful.Verdict: ★★★☆☆ - It's up to youBanishedcertainly gets my recommendation, but it's meant for a specific, even niche, crowd. You don't get the thrill of sprawling a city like you would in a game likeCities: Skylines, but I suppose that's precisely what makes it different. Give it a try, who knows how many hours you'll spend on it.P.S.: If you don't care much for achievements (which Mods disable), there's a compilation of dozens of Mods that could address the variety issue I made mention of. Check outMegaModin the Steam Workshop if it's your case.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Recommended,242920,12479059,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,FuscusNight,"It's a city building game mixed with survival.In Banished just getting your town/village up to around 100 people and making sure no one is dying from some sort of plague or hunger is an achievement in it self.Every wrong thing you do, the game will punish you ; expand to fast, your people will die from hunger, expand to slowly , your people will die out from old age, focuse to much on mining and certain materials, suddenly you're lacking everything else and die, oh you're doing good ? Well here have a tornado that will kill half of your people, it's a game that keeps kicking you in the balls but instead of complaining you just ask for more.It's addictive , it's fun, it's challenging,it's hard and it's the best city building game iv'e played and it was all made by a single guy.Pick this straight up if you like city building games, don't even wait for a sale, just get it now."
,Recommended,242920,13010160,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DeziGeneration,Great game except for when farmers die of starvation while harvesting food
,Recommended,242920,13481435,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Urah,"No enemies.No invasions.No wars.Just the struggle for survival.Resources.Health.Happiness.Those tiny things that define our entire lives.To survive, such a thing!But do not forget:at the end of the dayeverything will be banished."
,Recommended,242920,12268684,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,basrrf,"I watched a young couple as they started their family. Over the years, I watched their daughter grow up, and then their sons. I kept a close eye on this family, I loved them all.A fire destroyed my town, killing everyone, including the once young couple. Their graves serve as constant reminders of my failure. I weep for their forgiveness...10/10"
,Not Recommended,242920,12422148,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Frogs are People Too,"So according to the sychophants on the forum, this game is now ""complete"". Let me tell you what you do in it:-Get banished from the kingdom of ?????? because you and the rest of the inhabitants did ????????-Grow crops-Dig giant holes in the ground-Dig giant implied holes in the side of a mountain-Have a family of two hog the first and only house in the village so far while everyone else freezes outside-Occasionally have a trader row (just row. there's no land trade to speak of so even if you're in a relatively flat area where you'd expect caravans you just get one♥♥♥♥♥♥in a row boat) and try to barter some beans with you-Make a church so the already insanely happy people are even happier-Make a tavern so the already insanely happy people are even happier, and drunk-Make a hospital so everyone doesn't die from the chicken pox or something-Make a town hall so you can get pretty graphs and detailed accounts on how many potatoes Joe Blow has stuffed in his kitchen cupboardAnd, well, that's pretty much it. Nothing wrong with that. It's a great start and I do enjoy what little there is. My issue comes with the ""completed"" status and the fact I've seen maybe one update since I bought the game several months ago (which as far as I can tell was mostly just bugfixes). There's simply not enough game here.Like I said, it's fun. I won't deny I enjoy watching my little lemming men run around, chop trees, and build roads so straight and villages so organized it'd send the Romans into a fit of envy. I'm just left wondering ""what about all the other stuff?"" Where are the wild animals that tear lonely loggers to shreds if they venture too far from town? The bandits and barbarians who threaten to raze the city if they don't get a tribute of food? As far as I can tell getting banished from ?????? for ?????? (It really doesn't fill you in on any of this. I'm sure someone will pass it off as ""leaving it up to the player"" but anyone with any idea of how to write things can tell you that's lazy writing) was more of a blessing than a curse, because if you don't make outright stupid decisions your village will be flourishing in a matter of years, and there's just not enough to threaten that prosperity. The winters mean less and less as your wooden buildings are turned to stone and your leather coats are lined with the wool from the sheep you traded six trillion beans for. Outbreaks are handled quickly and efficiently by the magical witch doctor that just rubs some plants on the afflicted's face until they're suddenly better. The only thing that will eventually theoretically threaten your village (assuming you play this long before getting bored) is running out of room for graveyards from all the people that eventually die from old age, and I'm sure even that could be avoided by keeping everyone happy enough they don't care Old Man Jenkins's carcass was thrown into the woods for the nonexistent wolves to tear apart.I'm not really angry. I'm just disappointed. There's too little game here where there should be, and I'm finding myself questioning the legitimacy of its ""completedness"". I'm sure I'll be Not Helpfulled into oblivion by the raving drones that insist it was money well spent and can't take a lick of criticism, but all I can say is welcome to the reviews section, kids."
,Recommended,242920,22775870,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,GamingHT,"Firstly, Banished is amazing. It blends city building and survival well... a little too well. Well enough for any goal to merge into one. This makes long playthroughs boring for there are barely any goals to achieve beyond building up your population, feeding your population, surviving a disaster or two, rinse, repeat. If the game were to have a larger array of feature then it'd be even better. So I give it a 75/100.My ideas on how the game can be improved--add another entity other than yourself in the world. It's a good single player game but it gets a little lonely. Maybe add various NPCs to the game.-NPC houses, towns, settlements etc. Places where the player has to connect a path to so that an exchange can be made. Maybe have specialastions varying from a farming town (sells crops over a period of a year for tools), mining town (sells iron and stone for food and other items) and a lumber town (sells wood and firewood for tools and food).-NPC raiders or equal threat. A disaster event: a group of hostiles temporarily take over your town, slowly draining 50% of your food. To get rid of you must build a police station of sorts and train militia to protect your town. After they have been defeated they have a lower percentage of coming back to your town, until the threat equals 0.-Multiplayer- build a seperate towns in seperate areas of a MASSIVE map. To trade, you either must build a trade port and assign people to be merchants and fill boats with materials, or build a road to their town and assign people to be caravans to begin trade. Caravans should have a chance of being raided so (from earlier) the police should be able to protect it.Those are my ideas, if anyone thinks this should be in the game then why not send messeges to the creater to get this in. THE HYPE!"
,Recommended,242920,13489692,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dan German,Played this game a little bit.  It's not too bad.
76561198030874263,Recommended,242920,31986506,Posted: 26 May,all,mercurialjoe24,"Entertaining at first, but it eventually plays itself out.  There are only so many buildings you can place and people you can feed before it becomes redundant.  It lacks a campaign mode or anything to that effect, so the game happens in a freestyle sandbox mode with no story.   If you like focusing on the specific aspects of city building (providing services, feeding people, layout, infrastruture) then this game is for you.  If you need a variety of different challenges and some story, you'll eventually wear out after you master the basics."
,Not Recommended,242920,16851432,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Thicc bitchh,"Theres really not enough content in this game for it to be woth the price, even when its on sale. Once you get past the initial struggle of survival when starting your town theres nothing left to do. There is not enough building or upgrade options and you end up just making your town bigger and bigger building the same things over and over again. You have so much Food and materials in storage and citizens without jobs because there is nothing left to do. It gets really boring, really fast."
,Recommended,242920,27607730,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Farissimo,"- A small village in a foreign land- Successfully developed it into a bigger village- Tornado came- 16 died, storage barns destroyed- Winter came, no food left- Can't plant, people are hungry- People died of starvation- No one left, dead village- GG"
,Recommended,242920,9292031,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Centers for Disease Control?,> Spend 45 minutes making the perfect town> Realize how badly I messed up already> Delete save file and restart> Repeat
,Recommended,242920,28457980,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,JimmiG,"I played this game for hundreds of hours on GOG before getting it on Steam as well.Still one of the best horror survival building games. Your villagers will die of smallpox, starve to death, freeze to death, get crushed by rocks and become homeless after half the village has burned down. However once you learn the basic formula of the game, it actually becomes rather easy. and you can get a bit more creative with mods and design/decoration. However you always need to pay attention since anything from a tool crisis to a baby boom can send your village into a death spiral. There are tons of mods for this game, but I'd recommend playing it through without mods at least a couple of times first.No new features are being added to this game, so it's pretty much ""done"" at this point, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. What you see is what you get."
76561198173515535,Recommended,242920,29670799,Posted: 3 February,all,DesirousMobark,"Banished is one of those games that you constantly think about.  After an unsuccessful foray into the world you only think about how you could have improved the civilization further.  I prefer to play my games slowly, at my own pace and this allowed me to watch and observe my banished people. Eventually, I built a family tree, working from the Adam & Eve setting, learning that the people of banished are not afraid of incest.  They grew into an enormous community, watching as they developed, became smarter and eventually operated with little help from me, this was very rewarding.  This game is exactly how I like my simulations, slow, steady and incestuous."
,Recommended,242920,9171652,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Robin,"Martha is a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥ that cared more about a full pantry then the survival of half the village, she later died of an unfortunate accident whilst talking a walk in the woods.10/10 would play again.Fantastic game."
,Not Recommended,242920,9244921,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,lunareklipse,"I made an early review of this game and once I put a lot of hours in, it got really boring. I wish there was a Maybe recommend button, but for now I feel it just needs more substance.The game is hard and unforgiving. Its not a bad thing at all, once you fail a lot you start to learn it and eventually it just becomes: I need more houses, now I need more food, now I need more firewood, now I need more schools, now I need more storage, now I need a new mine, now I need more house rinse and repeat.It doesn't take long to build everything possible, have a trade market full of extra goods and you have bought all the livestock and seed types and have no reason to trade anymore.In the description it boasts of no ""tech trees"" ect, but its really what it needs. Something to work towards.  A way to upgrade buildings, research new things, just some sort of driving force other than sitting there watching people spit out babies and build more of the same building to accommodate your growing population.the game is a really cool idea, but doesn't have enough depth.  I understand one guy made this and that is more so why I bought it than anything, he deserves it for all the hard work, but I hope in the future there becomes more to do in the game."
76561198027212744,Not Recommended,242920,29289479,Posted: 15 January,all,joe78man,"Like it, but to be honest, once the mechanic is understood and you take the necesary actions to support the population, there is nothing else to do but to replicate what you already have to have more. This game needs to have any sort of advance, progression, right now, there is none. Mods just add more color to the game, but won't change the dinamic.Very nice concept, lovely music, fastest speed isn't fast enough to my taste, but very limited. After 2 hours (when you grasped the mechanics) you will find yourself thinking ""now what?"""
,Recommended,242920,33373949,Posted: 8 July,all,Oslo,It's like Sim city but everyone starves to death
,Recommended,242920,24496822,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Antwog,"Banished is a city-building strategy game developed and published by Shining Rock Software LLC. It was released in February 2014. In Banished, you control a group of individuals that want to start a new life by developing a new city. You develop your city by increasing your population, gathering resources, and constructing buildings. The game embraces simplicity as trade is the primary currency and not money. This review will cover the gameplay, the integrated Steam Workshop, and the performance and graphics.Banished presents strong and complex gameplay as game mechanics heavily alter the game. You will learn some mechanics as you play the game whereas other mechanics such as average health and average happiness are presented on the UI. For instance, average health represents an average of all your citizens health. The worse health your city has the less productive they are and the higher chance they have of dying. Furthermore, couple worse average health with the dynamic weather seasons and expect them not to be productive in Winter. As you continuously learn the game you will learn how to strategise and manage your city while incorporating the various game mechanics and the weather seasons, which all seasons have an effect on your city. Other mechanics have long-term implications. For instance, when children turn 10 they can enrol into a school until they turn 17. If they don't enrol you can use them as workers. If they enrol, you cannot use them as workers, but educated citizens will be much more productive long-term compared to uneducated workers. So by and large, these game mechanics emphasis strategy and they showcase the challenging nature of Banished because it is a very difficult game.Also on gameplay, the game incorporates randomly generated maps that have different amounts of water, hills, and so forth. These affect your plans for your city, but there is a very useful and very informative UI that is customisable. It allows you to add different data to your screen which constantly updates. Specifically, if you want to keep your storage house information box on the screen, you can move it to the top left corner. Overall, the game teaches you about strategy, understanding the mechanics and their consequences, and to assist you allows you to customise your screen with informative UI to help you manage.Banished uses Steam Workshop. Briefly, Steam Workshop allows individuals that own the game to tweak it, improve it, and mod it. I will admit for the majority of my play time I used Banished Plus, a large mod that provides more balance to the game by tweaking mechanics to reduce the fast-paced length of the game and increase realism. There are an abundance of other mods that once you download the game will inform you of any compatibility issues, which is a nice and handy tool. I use Banished Plus because I think the vanilla game is basic and fast-paced because there are not many buildings in the game are citizens can be very stupid and lazy. Furthermore, add these with the lack of long-term objectives showcase the need for mods to help improve the behaviour of your citizens and expand the amount of content. Therefore, using mods drastically improved my experience of the game. And as a side note, I generally think the developers should have made DLC to expand the content to give more replayability.Technically, Shining Rock have excellently optimised this game. I can play it on max settings and achieve a constant 60FPS on x10 speed. Features like the weather system and the large amounts of population usually would hit the game in performance, but for the most part I did not experience that. At 110 population on x10 speed I stayed at 60FPS. At 220 population, I was managing a solid 50FPS with the drop due to a larger city and more population. It is evident the six patches in Banished helped improve the performance of it. Graphically, the game is gorgeous. Buildings and citizens are very detailed and the weather system adds a layer of realism to it.ConclusionBanished is a very good game. I love the complex gameplay through the variety of game mechanics and their effects on other mechanics. I absolutely adore the beautiful graphics as the buildings are incredibly detailed, the seasons are highly realistic and the scenery is just superb. Banished has excellent performance as I managed to sustain 60FPS for the majority of my play through. It was only at 200+ population I started to see a small dip in FPS and performance. At USD$19.99, I recommend purchasing Banished because overall, it has high replayability.Rating8.5/10Pros- Steam workshop.- Complex gameplay through the various game mechanics.- Beautiful graphics.- Excellent performance.- Weather system.- UI.Cons- Lack of content.- No long-term objective.- The disappointing fundamentals in the vanilla game.If you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my groupAntwog's Analysis (Reviews). I also write reviews forTeamTom's Reviews.http://store.steampowered.com/app/242920/"
76561197989989921,Recommended,242920,29199454,Posted: 12 January,all,Humpiestranger,"My first expirence in the game:CockValley, Winter, Year 9It was winter, worse than anyone had witnessed since their exile.  The townsfolk of CockValley were freezing in their homes, shivering to what little warmth that dwindled in the flames, its embers slowly fading.  Food storages were running low fast, eventually the fishermen had to abandon their posts.  While there was much to do, as per usual, the denizens were powerless against the elements and began to soccum to their weariness.  Suddenly Aris fell, everyone suspected little considering her ripe old age.  Than another fell, and another, and another.  Eventually the children began to die out as well.The bewildering diety was powerless against the sudden infliction.  All he could hear was the constant echoes of his worshiper's dying breaths, than, nothing.  In the silence the diety scurried through the homes, hoping to find survivers.  He exhaled a sigh of relief, he found two survivors.  He was hoping that, by some miracle, he may at least be able to repopulate the desolate village.But to his horror, he became paralyzed by a terrible truth.  The last two survivors were 20 year old men.  Powerless, he admited defeat and surrendered himself to fate.  He dubbed them Adam and Steve, and watched as they spent their final days in isolation.10/10"
76561198166945980,Recommended,242920,30332292,Posted: 5 March,all,janne_f_h,"I think that it may be difficult to play initially since there is a lot to consider if you dont want your entire population to die of and it is fun to try and work this out. But one you get to a point where you figure out how to manage your resources and anticipate food shortage, disease and so on, it is a little repetitive and making your city bigger is really not a problem. There are expansion mods that will revive the game until you get a hold of that too. It does take a lot of hours to get to that point, so it will entertain you for quite a while - and in general with building games, this feeling of repetitive action is normal  once you know how to do it ""right"". But that being said it is still one of my favorite building games and I think by now I have tried most of them. I tend to like the games were warfare plays a very small part best, and if you do too, and are a fan of builing and resource strategy, you will like it."
,Not Recommended,242920,25364893,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,xcuseu,"I wish there was an option between thumbs up and thumbs down, because this game hit the middle ground ""eh, it's alright"" for me. Banished is an ok game, but it really doesn't feel finished! Once you get over the hump of mid-game and dedicate 90% of your workforce to collecting food, there's not much else to see. I played my first few games slow and steady and didn't have much trouble amassing a decent number of people, building all the available buildings, setting up my neighborhoods and work districts... and then I would get bored halfway through upgrading the houses to stone, because that's all that was left for me to do. I tried playing a little faster (and looser with the food) and it just dragged the experience out, but didn't actually add any more ""fun"" to the experience.If there was some sort of combat mechanics, or if there were threats other than weather and starvation, maybe my final opinion would be different. As it is, Banished is a decent town building simulator that can hold your attention for 20-30 hours. After that, you've seen and done it all. There's just not enough different options!"
,Recommended,242920,29434714,Posted: 22 January,all,Cholrus,"This game is spectacular. One of my all time favorites. I've had it for 2 years now and I STILL sometimes get that itch that only this game can scratch. This game is simultaneously extremely engaging, intense, yet calming. It's the best way to wind down for me. And for $20 you'd be crazy not to buy this game."
76561198297666844,Recommended,242920,31618544,Posted: 7 May,all,rcrhinehart,"I liked Banished vanilla.  Played it out. Got Bored,I upgraded to Colonial Charter.Wow whole new game and then some.  Incredible.Buying a better new laptop so I can play CC plus MegaMod.nuff said..."
,Not Recommended,242920,16576662,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BinarySplit,"Fun for the first 5 hours, but beyond that point it's mostly just a frustrating slog - build a town, figure out that you forgot to do something and it has doomed everybody, watch them all die, then start again from scratch, over and over until you learn how to keep these lemmings from killing themselves.The most frustrating part by far is your citizens' obsession with firewood - it's so easy to run out of it, and if you do run out,  it sends you into a death spiral. People start buring coal instead, which means you're no longer able to make Steel Tools, then everybody's productivity gets cut in half because there's a shortage of tools, then a bunch of people die from starvation, but because there are now so many empty houses, the survivors breed like rabbits and your city is flooded with hungry children that can't work.The worst part is that there's no way to stop them from switching to coal. People will starve without the slightest objection even if they're currently tending an orchard full of fruit, but if they get a little cold, they'll happily destroy your entire supply chain and doom your civilization just for a few extra minutes of warmth."
,Recommended,242920,10965970,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Howar31,"Elegant and sophisticated town-building game.  Easy to learn but difficult to master.  Building a small town to provide shelter to your people away from starving and freezing.  You have to decide what and when to build.  Every single move matters a lot, leading your people to prosperity or extinction.+Elegant graphics+Harmonious music+Addictive balance system+Neat and clean UI design+Simple and single objective: build+Fight against environment for living+Totally free town-building+Mod and Steam Workshop support+One-man developBanished is absolutely a masterpiece especially developed by only 1 developer.  Highly recommended to town-building fans!優雅又精緻的城鎮建造遊戲，簡單上手但是很難專精，你要為你的小村民打造一個溫暖的家，讓他們免於飢餓和寒冷。你必須要決定什麼時候建造什麼東西，而你的每一個決定都是攸關村民邁向繁榮或滅絕的重要一步。+優美的畫質+和諧好聽的音樂+引人入勝的平衡系統+簡單清爽的介面設計+單純且單一的遊戲目標: 建造+為了生存與自然環境抗衡+完全自由的城鎮建造遊戲+支援模組與Steam工作坊+單人獨立開發Banished漂亮的畫質和引人入勝的平衡系統，而且又是一個人獨立開發的作品，這絕對是一款難能可貴的好作品，推薦給所有喜歡城鎮建造的玩家們！正體中文Modhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=338554849"
76561198210232817,Recommended,242920,23487293,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,justinsane11,"i don't write reviews, but i like this game.  so i will definitely give it a thumbs up.  but that's not why i'm here, i just want to make a comment that i've read 4 reviews in 2 minutes along the lines of the first 20 to 50 hours where fun.... blah blah blah.  not worth 20 dollars.   WTF, you enjoy a game for 50 hours, then ♥♥♥♥♥ that it's 20 dollars, what other form of entertainment has that kind of return, basically 2.5 hours a dollar.I'm guessing none of you guys have ever frequented a movie theatre"
76561198071236086,Recommended,242920,32770949,Posted: 25 June,all,Dead Lotus,"If you like building/strategy games, this is the game for you.If you like idle games, this is the game for you.If you like sandbox games, this is the game for you.If you are an achievement hunter, this is the game for you.If you hate in game purchases, this is the game for you.If you hate wait times for upgrades, this is the game for you.Are you not wanting to Git Gud cuz you're Casul?This is a sandbox, building, survival game that allows you to build to keep your population alive.I recommend some of the mods in the workshop like ""One year is one year"" so that the population doesn't age super fast.I ""played"" 16 hours on the first day. Which means that this was running on one screen while I was doing other stuff on the other.Once you get this game setup and your people are.....not dieing of starvation, you can add buildings. Speaking of starvation, you might want to go through the tutorial on this one. I was building buildings I didn't need and killed all of the children in my first game. I'm not the person that goes through the tutorial, but on this one I did....twice. Build the buildings that are in the tutorial first, it will make getting set up a LOT easier.I kinda wish there was some type of conflict such as maybe wolf attacks or a mountain lion attacking your livestock.I give this a solid 8/10."
76561197968132580,Recommended,242920,19690616,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,NilartPax,"When I built the first town, they all died of starvation.When I built the second town, they all died from cholera.When I built the third town, they all died from exposure.When I built the fourth town, they all died from infections after using their hands instead of tools for too long.When they came for me I said, ""10/10 would do it again."""
,Recommended,242920,9264517,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,azerban,"I made a really nice city and then everyone starved to death. So I made more food, and then the tools broke and the clothing disintegrated and everyone froze to death. A+++"
,Recommended,242920,27309653,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gein,"Well with a few hours sunk into the ""Vanilla"" experience.  I have recently Discovered Mods and wow, this game and its engine are great for producing a really well put together Strategy builder.  The polish that has been given to this title makes it an awesome gaming experience.  The learning curve was a bit steep at first.  But, there are several great guides that are available in the Community hub that makes this a 'null' point.   Plan to spend some time in this one if you pick it up."
,Not Recommended,242920,18003558,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,LisaMON,"I love this game, but there is just not enough replay value to be worth it. I guess the only goal after a while is to see just how big you can get your city, but it feels empty.It's a good quality game, with few bugs, but not enough in it to make it worth the money."
,Recommended,242920,23916213,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,LaDy CaTeLyN sTaRk❤,"How do I feel about the game Banished? Well let me tell you, I purchased the game during the Steam Summer Sale because I was already curious about this game.   Basically when I started the game I blinked and it was 9 hours later. No lie.  I became addicted instantly.  There are 3 different modes you can play on, easy, medium, hard.  I started out on Easy just so I can get the grasp of the game.   It's not as easy as you would think.   It's a game of survival, in which you have to make sure your citizens are warm, fed, and happy.  I love how buildings and other structures are not instantly built with a click of the button.  You actually have to watch your citizens gather the materials, then start the construction.  I highly recommend this game for the casual player.   Also there are several mods that are available for this game, be sure to check them out.PS. Pro-tip: I recommend getting your food sources down asap for you citizens, if not your people will go hungry and they will die sadly."
,Recommended,242920,23811524,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,influence,"If you're an expert in city builders and comparative games, to build the city just for the sake of building the city (e.g. Factorio) , this might be the perfect relaxation game for you. If you're more in need of a goal and a sense of a reason to why you're building this city, then maybe try something else. Because there is no campaign; no story, or otherwise tale for you to test your city building skills in. There is only the ""New Game"" where the game creates its own seed for you to try your skills at..I started playing this game without this knowledge, and played it as I would any other game - but without any other purpose than to survive as long as I could, the game turned out to be a test to my knowledge within the game even though I had never played the game.. ..It's a great game, as long as you're aware of what game you're pulling yourself into.It's not my kind of game."
76561198027395116,Recommended,242920,14671469,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Legalize Kakuna,"""Stew? What are you doing?""""Playing Banished.""""It's 4o'clock in the morning, why are you playing Banished?""""Because i've lost control of my life."""
,Recommended,242920,12605934,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,StrangeAce,"The Typical Villager> Make Farm> Plant Orchards> 3 months later, food is scarce> Harvesting crop before village starves> Starves while harvesting, ripe apples all over the place> Whole town Ded10/10Edit: Game just blew up, suddenly popular? Time for a real review.So Banished suddenly got popular, the reason I wrote that ""troll"" review up there is because I browsed /r/banishedmeme a bit too much. Anyway Banished is honestly a extremely great game I love it. To me, it's really worth the buy. The game is now Steam Workshop compatible so now everyone can experiment the community's additions to the game, like for example; the creamery/dairy add on and the fish farm, or decorative tiles, etc. The add-ons from just the Steam Workshop make it a hell of a lot fun then what it was before, and believe me banished is fun. I even got 2 out of 3 of my friends who didn't even know this game to buy it, both stating that its really fun. So, yes, yes it isworththe buy!"
,Recommended,242920,13456353,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Allison! [deaf],"Reviews for the Deaf and Hard of HearingFor deaf/hoh gamers, I give this title 8/10!Overall GameplayBanished is a challenging civilization-building/survival game.  Rough around its edges, this game takes some getting used to before going right in to it.  Without looking at a guide to help get started, you will fail a few times before you incrementally start finding success.  I strongly encourage new players to go through the tutorials to grasp the basic mechanics of the game.In truth, the formula for winning this game is relatively simple once you have it down, and it becomes a balancing act of population and resources.  If played right, it is not a significantly active, demanding game, but can be a fun way to pass the time.The information windows are essential for playing this game effectively, but must be enabled when you start playing.  I'm not sure why that is except to provide a clean GUI for a new gamer.  It's a bit of a hassle to enable all of those windows each time you start a new game.It's a simultaneously challenging and easy game, which can turn quickly to frustrate you or plod along predictably.  I rate gameplay a 7/10.General AccessibilityThe game is a top-down style with great control over the camera.  Interaction with the game is in the form of WASD (pan), Q/E (rotate), Page Up/Down (tilt), and Insert/Delete (zoom).  Each function has a mouse alternative.In order to build the facilities your banished people need to survive, you make use of menus on the bottom right of the screen via F1-F9.  Each F key brings up a corresponding sub-menu, where options are selected with the number keys 1-0.  Buildings can be rotated with R and T to fit surrounding areas and to align with roads.All buttons are remappable for mobility-related issues.Subtitles & CaptionsSound options in the game are rather limited.  You can only alter the UI sounds, music, effects, and ambient volume with slider bars.  The absence of subtitles suggests this game has no spoken audio and the absence of captions suggests there are no particular audio cues indicative of emergency situations for you to take care of.Whether there are sounds associated with things or not, there are small popup notifications near your toolbar in the bottom right corner that let you know if a villager has died or people are going hungry/cold.  While these are helpful, I would suggest regularly checking your resource output vs resource consumption and ensuring that you either have sources established for each village or are able to redistribute resources across the entire habitated area.Because I have encountered no situations where I am confused by events in the game (indicating audio-only warnings), I assume there are no major audio-only events.  For that, I give it a 10/10.Chatting/CommunicatingBanished is single-player.No rating."
76561198057206182,Recommended,242920,14645103,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,luizfcsilveira,"What a beautiful game! 9/10 would cooperate to survive the winter.There are many reviews for this game already but I felt like writing one because it deserves it. Its well-made tutorial is probably worth the current £4.5 (~$6) price tag by itself.Oh, the apprehension when the ground first turns white and the relief of surviving each of the first few winters. The feeling of hope and comfort when the first merchant boat arrives and you feel you're not isolated from the outside world any more. This game is beautiful and it invites beautiful emotions and feelings when you play it. Amazing.Cons:This is a (very) positive review but there are so many positive reviews out there I'll start with theconsjust to contrast (in order of importance):Not that challenging for the veterans of the genre.A bit repetitive once your town has enough resources to keep going.A few very small interface quirks.Like not having proper diagonal roads or not being able to expand crops/orchards/stockpiles/etc. without removing and rebuilding, or even the possibility of non-rectangular buildings of these types.Sounds can get annoying(try to keep your camera next to a quarry/mine/blacksmith for a while and a headache is likely).Information about some mechanics could be more clear.What comes to mind now is the number of houses needed (do I have people who want a new house?) or which elements impact on the number of babies that are generated. But overall the amount of information is great, see ""pros"" below.Really, that's it. Despite what people say though, this is not really a very challenging game. It's just not very forgiving either, which are different things. It's fairly easy to not screw up completely if you think about what you are doing but the consequences of a screw-up can be harsh.For reference, I'm fairly used to tycoon games and to playing the likes of OpenTTD in very stringent economic settings. After the tutorial I've started my first Banished town with all on Medium difficulty (I thought it'd be a challenge). All went well and smooth, no hiccups, the town is packed with resources and only growing. I can't wait for a hard game but I fear it won't be really hard.Pros:On the other hand, theprosare many and quite convincing:Beautiful and believable story line.You can sympathize with your people.Very pleasant graphics.Only quirk is from very up close people ""skate/moonwalk"" a bit on the surface but nothing that impairs enjoyment. Lots of details on buildings and environment, seasons and weather look and sound great.Believable and well-balanced ""disasters"".From crops' diseases to people's diseases it all mends well with the environment. I didn't even get annoyed went they stroke.Management without excess of micro management.A very good balance.Sounds are very life-like.From chickens to cows to market mumble it sounds really great. Only caveat is that some sounds can get annoying over time, as said in the ""cons"" above.Mod-able.I haven't had time to try them out yet but some of them look more like true expansion packs. And I feel there's only more coming so it sure looks promising for re-playability.Good amount of available information about the game.The tutorials are quite good and the wiki is somewhat complete so you don't need to wonder too much about what this or that does. There are only a couple of things missing, already mentioned in the cons above.Very small download size.At only a couple hundred Mb! Very well optimized. You'll be playing in no-time and the footprint on your HD/SSD is minimal.Path-finding is rather good.Path-finding is the kind of thing that can break and kill a game like this. Thankfully your people will do a great job at finding good routes to carry on with their daily business. Very very rarely you'll end up wondering why the hell did this dude chose to carry this basket of fish through the woods into nowhere.Many hours of good fun!This is the type of game you'll load up and get so entertained you'll wonder where did the time go when 2 or 3 hours have passed.Final words:An absolute must-have. If there's any chance you might like the genre and you haven't gotten this game yet, get it. Right now.The 9/10 score is solely because of the lack of a proper challenge in the long run. Things I'd like to see are more consequences for the lack of a balanced diet (there's not that much incentive for diversification as it is), or things like a super harsh winter every 5 or 10 years that may get you off-guard, that kind of thing. Anything toget you off-guard, to throw you a curve ball to deal with every once in a while. Maybe the classic citizens becoming unhappy if the town is too big, or if they need to walk too much to stock their households (beyond the lower productivity ""penalty""), I don't know. Just more mechanics to make the game interesting and challenging in the long run instead of ""if you're producing a little more than you consume your are safe forever"" current mechanic, which is a bit too easy to beat and a bit too stable/predictable."
,Recommended,242920,13787568,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,rincredulous,"TL;DR: Like the Sims plus Civ.Never in my life have I yelled, ""MAKE BABIES, YOU STUPID PEOPLE!"" with such passion until I played this game.The game on it's own is a good and sufficiently challenging city builder (although the level of technology doesn't advance much past medieval), and there are quite a few good mods that help make the game feel just that bit more immersive and realistic. It's got the same kind of ""one more turn"" addictiveness that the Civ games are known for, without the megalomania.You start with a bunch of villagers. If you started on Easy, you'll have a good amount of people with a storage barn, houses, crops and orchard seeds. Pick Hard and you'll have a smaller pool of people, no barn, no houses, no crops to plant, and no seeds. If your village spawns in a decent area where they can scrounge/hunt for food until they get traders coming in with seeds/livestock, they'll likely survive, albeit not very happily. If you spawn in some♥♥♥♥♥♥ass dip valley surrounded by mountains and only a tiny stream running nearby... well, good luck.Why were these people banished? No reason is given, make your own. I like to think it's because they can potentially muddy the gene pool with stupidity.The villagers have the same level of intelligence as Sims in Sims 2 - as in, they'll do the job you give them, but not necessarily in the best way (they'll take the longest route to get tools and deliver raw materials, for example). Sometimes they'll go hungry even as they're carrying crates of fruit to the barn, or freeze to death because they didn't pick up a new coat. If you leave your computer with this game running while you go do Real Life things, you might come back to DEATH.My record so far is 4 deaths by starvation and 3 by dysentery in the time it takes to get myself some coffee.10/10 best coffee I've ever had."
,Recommended,242920,23387830,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Tobe Gaming,"A nice city builder based in the medieval times. No wars to worry about, just natural disasters. Plays nicely and has good tutorials if you're new to the genre."
,Recommended,242920,12481410,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Cake Companion,"Brace yourself, winter is coming. 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,24964594,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Eiyame,"Dude, this game is not easy. You think OK I can keep a bunch of little pixel people alive. Yeah it’s harder than it looks. Banished is a delicate balance between population control and food production and it takes time to master. Don’t be upset if your first few settlements go up in smoke (sometimes literally), this game is about what have you learned. You don’t fail with your settlements you learn new ways of what works and what doesn’t. There are some helpful guides out there that give you some great tips on making your life and the lives of your pixel people better. Here are some of mine.~ Be mindful how many houses you build. But just enough to house your people but not enough to let them breed out of control.~ FOOD! Food is your number one enemy in this game.~Firewood, you don’t need it much in the summer. But don’t let your little people freeze in the winter.~ If you have people die, take workers off things like mining, timber cutting and blacksmithing (if you have a stock pile of tools) and move them to food.~ Trade, trading is a key backbone to this game.~Chickens are your best friends. Cows and sheep take forever to grow but chickens are a good and quick food sorce.~ AOE players, throw out everything you know from AOE it DOES NOT APPLY HERE."
76561198101212241,Recommended,242920,16372596,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rapax,This is the love child of Sim-City and Dark souls.
,Recommended,242920,28261843,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,RÄW HÊÅÐ RËX,"I just realized that ive never written i review of this game..........just look at my time played. grab youselfea six, or twelve pack and play the ♥♥♥♥ outta this game its awesome and very satisfying. Its kind of an OCD calming game. i known that doesn't make sense. but just try it.........hugs and kisses!!!!!! rawheadrex."
,Recommended,242920,9576399,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Rocki,"Built a town with over 150 peoplesuddenly a tornado appears and hits the town, population goes to zerowhat a cruel world...10/10"
76561198126637733,Not Recommended,242920,32780904,Posted: 25 June,all,crshaw85,"I guess it's on sale right now for 5.50, so at that price you'll get a probably 15 to 20 hours of interesting (sometimes boring) gameplay.  Its a great START to a city builder... but once you overcome the initial challenge of survival and grow your population, there isn't much left to do.  The game needs to expand, where you unlock new building options/services that your citizens demand, forcing the farms to the outskirts so you can expland your city with more than just houses, a tavern and a church...  The game play spans centuries, so there should be options to modernize all buildings or for citizens to develop needs/wants according to ideology.  The game does nothing of this sort, starting you out with a handful of bulding options and not adding to them the entire game.The interesting challenge here, is adapting your labour force to suit your needs on a whim.  Bringing farmers from the mines to the field with the changing of the seasons, or starting a new fishing village and watching it grow and eventually become part of the main city.  Bulding tunnels through mountains is cool, as well as the quarries.  But once you play through say, 10 to 20 hours (an inflated amount of time due to the slow pace of gameplay.....), thats about it. you might as well restart and play through the frustrating and at times tense challenge of getting your town off the ground.This game would be much better if it offered more, and allowed your town to grow faster.  It can be VERY boring watching the seasons change, hoping a student will enter the workforce next year so you'll have a full compliment of farmers next season, or so that you wont have to borrow fisherman to harvest this time.I haven't tried the mods, but I think I'm done with this game anyway."
,Not Recommended,242920,12845439,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lord Bandog Ablegate the Wiser,Half my town starved to death mere metres away from fields ripe for harvest because my farmers decided that wandering aimlessly was a better use of their time.
,Recommended,242920,26096698,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,PowderedToastMan,"My first 6 hours with Banished:-Start game-No Problems-Prosper for a decade-""This game is easy""-Read reviews saying game is unforgiving-Pansies-Tons of supplies-60 villagers-Build 15 more houses-Feeling good man-Incest abound-Pumping out kids like no tomorrow-Build quarry, mines and the works-Feel like a supreme ruler-Early winter-Crop goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥-No food-Babies start dying and♥♥♥♥♥♥-Lose 30 people in the course of one winter-Try to pull it back-Finally start to stablize after 45 dead due to starvation-Food stockpile starts to rise-65 year old ♥♥♥♥ takes all the food-Quit game and cry myself to sleep12/10 would kill almost entire population due to neglance again"
76561198056268120,Recommended,242920,13535654,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Caleb,"Wool coats were distributed to my hearty people to keep them nice and cozy, it was midsummer at 81 degrees, and someone froze to death. 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,25994263,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Sweep,"Banished is very unique in its play-style. I'm a huge fan of city-builder and strategy games, and so to find a game that really breaks the mold was very refreshing. No tech trees or restrictions is a nice touch, and the idea of being a challenging survival game blended with the usual city builder element is really great. I want to love this game. I want to say its the best city builder game to come out since Sim City 4, but there's a few crucial issues I have with the game.The most significant issue in Banished is that I find myself staring at numbers and messages more than anything else. It's a constant game of moving around my profession numbers. What's worse is that for being such an interface-heavy game design, the UI itself is actually not very well-designed or thought out. The micromanagement in the game suffers from a serious lack of depth. Once you've planned out your city, which is a matter of ensuring your people don't have to walk too far to drop off supplies or get to their homes, you begin your journey of tediously shuffling around professions endlessly while staring at the event log, professions and resource tabs. You're watching a number (Like food or fuel) slowly go down while you frantically try keep that number up by doing anything you can  but a lot of the time I feel like there's nothing I can do. If my people start dying from starvation, it's nearly impossible to fix it without losing a huge chunk of my population, because when people die the replacements take a long time to get settled into their new home and begin work.Relateable Games:• Sim City• City Skylines• StrongholdAll and all. If you like delicate city building simulations. This game is for you.9/10 From Me:Sweep"
76561198048109509,Not Recommended,242920,22873879,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,lake.graboski,"I would have recommended this game before it became $20.00. I think the asking price is a bit much for a game that gets boring very soon after you have played about 20 hours. For a city builder, it's unique in that you have to manage a wide array of basic resources to survive. However, it's also very short for a city builder.Once you attain a population of about 300 or more, there simply is no reason to play the game any longer. There needs to be a 'next-level' for players, after they've built past the survival stage, where grander buildings, regional conflicts (perhaps building an army for defense), or new villager specialist professions become available.I've been waiting for almost a year for updates in this game that would bring it to the next level, and offer a fuller building experience. I've held off writing my review in lieu of the developer's promise to improve the game. Yet, alas, it seems those promises were false.If one has money to spend, and wants to try something different for a small amount of time, they maybe will feel ok spending the $20.00 on this game. However, If you want a more enjoyable long-lasting game, buy Sim City 4. It's also only around $20.00 and is far superior to this game."
76561198084233201,Recommended,242920,12591950,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Red Titan,"This game is kinda like the city-builder version of Dark Souls. In the beginning, you die. You die a lot. And then you learn some, and maybe get farther, only to die. It's so infuriating that you NEED to play the game! Because you can't let a stupid game beat you!"
,Recommended,242920,16458939,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Killermuffin,"Town was doing great until apparently 16 fishermen couldnt keep up with 25 people and everyone started starving to death. After half the population died I took everyone and put them as builders and used my remaining resources to build a big graveyard.Still not sure how Robert got buried, he was the last person alive.11/10 would somehow bury Robert again"
,Recommended,242920,28145788,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,captainwolfos,"It's like Age of Empires, but you don't need enemy factions to kill your people, when the weather, natural disasters, or their own AI will happily do that for them.- Expand city- Not enough wood to build another barn next to new farmland- Winter falls- People go back to their homes- Several people die of starvation along the way- Every one of them had food in their inventory10/10 would forbid people from eating what they're carrying again.I've yet to try the game with mods, though I imagine I'd never see the sunlight again when I do."
,Recommended,242920,23272081,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,POOTIS HOOVY,"Beware this one phrase, prepare for it, brace for it, accept it:WINTER IS COMING"
76561198074390848,Not Recommended,242920,30840791,Posted: 30 March,all,pdepmcp [ITA],"It's a good and entertaining game, for a while. The problem is that it looses any new thing to do too soon, but to scale up what you have, over and over again. When you understand the trick to keep in a decent balnce food, wood block and iron and stone, there is nothing more to do.The game becomes repetitive quite soon.I look forward to some campaign mode or a tree of science, but before it, I don't think I'll start another game from the beginning."
,Recommended,242920,33537319,Posted: 14 July,all,yealolwut,"more realistic than other town builders, actually challenging, nice music, pretty graphics, addictive once you get a good city going."
76561198089791459,Not Recommended,242920,15150992,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ziremonger,"After purchasing the game I watched a 20 minute lets play video of it online and then dived right in. It was very entertaining i expanded my village made farms and gathering huts, built bridges and houses. Keeping everyone well fed and warm was a challenge. My village was struck by a devestating famine due to my inexperience and poor city planning. My population was decimated and i was having a blast the whole time deeply immeresed in trying to pull my village out of the hole it was in. That first game lasted 20 hours and it was a pleasure. I then started a second game. I decided that the optimal strategy would be to build a large amount of farms and at all times (apart from winter of course) have roughly half my citizens working those farms. My population grew at a rapid rate and within 5 hours i had a relatively large bustling city and virtually no one had died from anything other than old age. When city builder games get to this point there in trouble, they have to have a way to keep you immersed and the immersion begins to fall apart when a simple strategy of having half your citizens working farms completely removes all challenge in the game. The situation got worse when i worked out that firewood was the optimal trading currency and that i could exchange it with the traders that came relatively often for pretty much anything. My city prospered and grew, constant exchanges of firewood for food with the traders and half of my citizen working the farms caused my food stockpiles to grow at a ridiculous rate and i eventually needed literally hundreds of barns to store it all. At this point one thing could of saved this game.RISKS AND DANGERS AND PROBLEMS EVERYWHEREEE!!!- where are those wild animals lurking in the forests ready to devour your citizens and the invasions of barbarians ready to wreck even the most prosperous villages. The disaster mechanic in banished could of served this purpose and made the game riveting . But they did nothing. In my 30 hours of play time i didnt see a single tornado, one or two fires sprouted up but they were quickly quenched by the 3 or 4 wells i had scattered around. The first time that a popup appeared telling me one of my farms was infested with crop ruining bugs i merely deleted said farm and built a new one. And the tiny loss of food meant nothing because of my ridiculous stockpiles of food. I got so excited when the popup saying two of my citizens were infected with some kind of disease appeared. But nothing happened they just went to one of my two hospitals and were cured. I got bored and moved on. If you look at the reviews for this game youl find that over 75 percent of them have less than 50 hours play time. This game will entertain you for one or two short games before you work out that having half your citizens working farms will solve alll your villages problems.In summary the graphics are nice, the interface is smooth and it has that one more turn addictive feel you get from civ games. This game could easily have become my number no.1 most played steam title. So it is with a heavy heart that i rate this game unfinished and broken at the core. However if the game is on sale for 75 percent off then by all means buy it for that first glorious game.BUT ONLY IF YOU CAN HANDLE IT BREAKING YOUR HEART !!!"
,Recommended,242920,32378219,Posted: 12 June,all,Karl Fields,This game is well worth it if you have the patience to see it through. The game starts slow and once you expand the need for resorces increases. If your gameplay is to expand rapidly this game will not be fun for you. This game keeps me entertained and is easy to passively play. Good game for later at night just to hop on quick and slowely improve at your own pace.
,Recommended,242920,16090792,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TredFull,Everyone DiedLost HopeRestartedEveryone DiedLost HopeRestartedIt's Just a pattern11/10
,Recommended,242920,9171696,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Kenuty,"Anyways here goesThe game doesn't really have any story or anything, its a city building sandbox, to build a village and prosper. Very interesting game, supports dx11 but atm crashes, theres some bugs here and there but this game is very very fun if you are into city builders.Very nice tutorial and easy to learn. Graphics are ok quite decent, Music is relaxing, and the interface is very nice and easy to use. The controls are easy to understand usually hotkeys are f1-f9 and 1-9 so theres no confusion here,  and the gameplay is just very easy to understand and manage. One small wrong move and you'll end up being a homeless village, or can mean the destruction of your village. So Assign people through one of your professions correctly, and get your village going, get those people multiplying and prepare to prosper because it'll be a challenge!ChecklistAre you out of food? - YOU FAIL!Is your town not happy enough and breeding? - FAIL!Tornado hits your♥♥♥♥♥ - FAIL!Disease and no medication? - FAILnot enough fire log? - FAILeveryone dieing? - FAIL!Out of tools to work? - Get ready to fail!the list goes on+Impressive game made by one guy ONE GUY, CRAZY+Good Interface + keys are easy to understand+Music is catchy, very peaceful+Disasters!+Not an Early Release/Alpha+Addictive Gameplay+Runs real well and includes DX11+Beats the crap outta sim city for an indie title.+Good amount of buildings to make a nice vilage, you got your blacksmiths, herbalist, foresters etc+Managing your village at a large level will get intense, REALLY INTENSE+- the negatives are understandable and forgiveable due to the fact the game was created by one guy-Sandbox game, so no single player included no real story of any kind, you just build and survive.-Can be massively improved!- The only goal is to survive, no real force to kill you of any sort except disaster and missmanagement.-Once you mess up its almost a garunteed game over unless you can fix it, and just one disaster can completely destroy your hours of work, may be tough for the faint of heart.-Since the game doesn't evolve, if you built a village and it becomes self sustainable in a way, thats it. Theres nothing really else to do except make it bigger.- No real replayability besides the map seeding which changes how you will make a new village."
76561198122178622,Recommended,242920,34410764,Posted: 22 August,all,ETEl2NAL407,"This is a genre defining game. A hybrid genre mixing builder and city management sim with a new era god game. I love it. Even though I'm not a fan of the new era god game. I liked the ability to do super powers more like rise to ruins (another game similar, but with god abilities).Ultimately this game is a must have for any strategy game, builder game, management sim, or god game fan. If you can say you like any of those, you'll love Banished. The vanilla is still good, but don't be ashamed to go straight for popular mods like colonial charter because that's where Banished really gets legs, in the workshop.9/10 Because it needed god abilities to be perfect"
,Recommended,242920,23297061,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ʑΞɳآʈḩʇЪ [EN en ES],"This game is like building a house of cards. Not too hard to begin, you think you're doing well. Nearly 200 population, full happiness.Then some un-noticed event occurs, maybe a little low on logs, iron, coal. Maybe running low on labour causing things to stack up.Suddenly, you have no tools, work is down to 50% but your population is the same.But not for much longer, as without tools you run out of logs (so firewood), coal, coats, food, everything. Poeple are dying left and right.Now you have under 30 populatioon trying to run everything!Fun, fun game, but trickier than it looks!"
76561198022422061,Recommended,242920,23307015,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,jaradchilder,"Amazing game, with difficulty settings which can make it a casual almost meditative game all the way to a nail biting struggle for survival for these poor Banished souls."
,Recommended,242920,20482745,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ank,"Banished is an indie town building simulation from Shining Rock Software. Banished is one of the best simulation games out there.In Banished you play to manage some people who were banished from their homeland because of something, it doesn't really matter because what you need to do is to do everything in your power to make sure these outcast can survive and build a new society of their own. Something like that I think. Either you become a great mayor of a great town, or you just simply build a small ghost town.Banished gameplay are so great, I can say it is quite so realistic as simulation games can get. You still can't do everything, but when you start playing Banished you're gonna realize that not everybody can be a Mayor. The citizen in Banished will age, they will grow old and die so expanding and balancing the population is important. Citizen can also die because of acccident too, for example a miner can die because of cave in or crushed by a rock, I even encounter one event where one of my citizen is murdered! Damn! Anyway, resources gathering in Banished is quite complex, there is no skill trees but production chains, and it is important to manage those production chains well or all hell break loose. To gather food we can build farms or pastures, do hunting or gathering some berries or roots in the forest, and even fishing. You can even replant the forest so you will never run out of woods. There is also trade, where you get most of your crop seeds and new pasture breeds. Then there's also disasters, a disease breakout (people will not turn into zombies however), or your own disasters because your people are starving or freezing to death. Lots can happen so keep on your toes.In terms of graphics, Banished doesn't have very advanced graphics, but it's beautiful enough. The graphics is sufficient enough for you to enjoy Banished and forgot to check on the clock. Performances are also good, just keep in mind if you want to build a big♥♥♥♥♥town, you better have more RAM, just like any other simulation games.Banished also has a workshop support for mods. Yes MODS! There are couple of mods that adds even more production chains to Banished, even more building and even more resources to gather. Some even has decoration thing for your town. The best mod for Banished currently is the Colonial Charter mods, which add almost everything to Banished that sometimes it feels like an expansion pack. You can also make your own mods that fits your gameplay.Overall, Banished is a great simulation. If only they add at least a little combat gameplay it could be great, It doesn't have to be a war but something like repelling bandits attack, pirates, looters or something. But that's just my thought. I really recommend Banished for you all simulation gamers.Rating 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,11183911,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Crazy Alchemy,Everything was going smoothly and then my hunter poached deer into extinction and everyone died.10 out of 10
,Recommended,242920,12792361,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,The Rumor Weed,"I really enjoyed this game, but it's definitely not for everyone. The game thrives off of you failing. It's a game of trial and error. Cities get harder and harder to manage as the population climbs. If you're not comfortable spending hours on a city only to watch it crumble after a plague, this game may not be for you.The way I think the game was designed to be played was for you to build it up to the point of your society collapsing so that you can say ""okay, here were my mistakes, this is why it was unstable; I won't do that next time."" In this sense, the game is immensely rewarding as you're constantly able to learn from your mistakes and get farther each time. That being said, this can make the game more frustrating than rewarding for some people. You're constantly faced with small and large failures that can make the game seem impossible. But, when losing is part of the game, you're not really losing.Anyway, if you want a city-building sim and you like them to challenging, complex, and deep, this is a great game and you'll probably spend a lot more hours on it than I did."
76561197978320682,Recommended,242920,28523069,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ms. Frizzle - LSD Enthusiast,"Here's the short - This is a city builder survival game. Keep your banished townsfolk alive and build a town in spite of your harshest enemy - the environment. Sounds simple, but just buy this game. Full price or not, it is worth it, though it will frequently go on sale for $4.99.Something about the balance of keeping everyone fed and designing a town is just glorious. Then, when you get into mods that offer up various buildings and asthetic elements... my goodness can you design gorgeous cities with beautiful plotted out crops and medieval neighborhoods. The guy that made this game created something very special here. I pray to the gaming gods that one day he will create a sequel to this game (as the source code doesn't allow for a lot of things one might hope)P.S. Avoid the mods that make things easier. The point of many of those is for playing on a smaller map, and having those mods makes big maps much too easy to be fun. There's something special about building a nice town/city in spite of all the cold and starvation.Please hear me Luke Hodorowicz... Make me something else I can love <3 (as much as you)"
76561198033075652,Recommended,242920,32512852,Posted: 17 June,all,JaiSss,"A game of Banished sets you up with a couple of outcast settlers and a seemingly simple task: survive. Instead of monsters or rival settlements, however, the foes in this game are harsh winters and scarce resources. As you set up a village, assign tasks, build buildings and manage what little you have, until the weather turns against you, you prepare for a slow experience.Everything in Banished is as connected as it is finely tuned. A failure to set up one more farm and staffing it, might result in a severe food shortage. That will only become prevalent three winters later though, at which point it's obviously too late to save your village from a wave of deaths. Those will drag you down in other areas, since nobody is staffing the mines anymore, and so on. To combat this, you will need to develop a sense for what exactly is needed at any given point and what you can afford to neglect at the moment. Different crop types have different properities in growth time and cold resistance and the difference between 3 quarry workers and 4 is already immense in terms of output. The amount of detail to keep in mind is surprisingly thorough.As such, Banished has a weird difficulty spike. It will come across as DarkSouls-level frustrating in your first few villages. However, once you have enough familiarity with the mechanics or a natural talent for procurement chains, the game becomes too easy for you. If you are a fan of the Anno series, pick this up at full price, for you shall receive what you crave in your games. If you're not, but are still interested, maybe wait for a sale, because I can't guarantee that you won't overpay."
,Recommended,242920,15762814,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Morgana Fiolett,"SEND HELP.Since I started playing Banished, I've lost all sense of time. Hours in the real world slip by unnoticed. My townspeople have an exceptional surfeit of food; I haven't eaten in hours. I should sleep, but I just need to see them through this winter - if I can get that forestry lodge finished maybe I can resolve the firewood crisis... then I can build more houses and get the population back on track for growth again... before I know it five more years have passed. I don't know what time it is, only that I need to build a new pasture, since I finally got some sheep from a trader, and who am I going to reassign to be the herdsman?On the one hand, this is a fantastically engrossing game that will easily give you your money's worth.On the other hand, if you want a productive real life, you should beware of the time sink it can so easily become!"
76561198051507421,Recommended,242920,16390730,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Daebreaker,"welcome to banished! we promote pedophilia, student-teacher relationships, working in a quarry with your bare hands, incest, a cult like approach to worshiping tornado gods,  and teen-pregnancy!11/10 would promote morally incorrect ways again"
,Recommended,242920,12517686,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Gnome,"Your main goal in this game is to grow your population, and keep them alive. But that would be boring. So, the true main goal in this game would be to spend hours and hours building a nice city, then watch as all of your food is wiped out and everyone dies in 10 seconds.52/6 - IGN"
,Recommended,242920,30579974,Posted: 17 March,all,SnowWhiteSpb,I love this game with all my heart. I don't really know why. The soundtrack is just amazing. It helped me to deal with so many things giving me the feeling of endless relaxation. It can be not that special but it holds a special place in my life.
,Recommended,242920,29213922,Posted: 12 January,all,TNTFTB,"This game made me very wary for nomads!Sweet game. Very relaxing, a huge timesink. Ultimately about balanceing resources, messing one up will decimate your survivors. Many banishees have perished under my leadership... :'("
,Recommended,242920,34134776,Posted: 9 August,all,BrotherLewis,Surprisingly potato compatible
76561198276696470,Recommended,242920,33246508,Posted: 4 July,all,De_realy_scp,this game is fun to play but later on in the game it just gets boring thers not enough things to do. but i rate it 6.5/10
76561198058814846,Recommended,242920,31705601,Posted: 12 May,all,nursewade79,SOOOOOOOOOO many times i come back to this addictive and enthralling game.  i have personally never found such a gratifying builder game! a must try for all folks interested in this type of genre.
76561197982370823,Recommended,242920,9170573,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,JKalenad,"I have played for only 30 minutes and already it's one of my favorite games of all time. Banished is simple, user-friendly, beautiful and challenging. It's what city-builders should be. No arbitrary limits, overpriced airships, unlocking conditions or even money. Banished makes sense."
,Recommended,242920,12970585,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HerbsThaWerd,"An excellent city builder, Banished keeps things interesting in a dying genre.  Most city builders allow you to build freely with money, in Banished you must gather the resources to build.  While building can be repetitive, mod support offers tons of new options for buildings and game features."
,Recommended,242920,12632624,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,whitneygal,"*edited to update after 2 years of playing*BANISHED is a city-builder that will make you question everything you think you know about survival, life, and humanity. It will take you on an emotional journey and force you to confront the idea of meaning in the face of an indifferent universe.The game is deceptively calming and Zen-like, with its peaceful music and pretty landscapes. But you can't play the game with a casual mindset, because things can go horribly wrong, horribly quickly. Starvation, fires, disease, and lack of resources are ever-present dangers. Things can be perfect for 50 years, and then collapse in a matter of weeks.Every time I play, I undergo a drastic change in mentality. At first, I'm very emotionally attached to my villagers, watching them live their lives and raise their families. As my village grows, I become detached and cool -- I no longer know my villagers by name, and I no longer become concerned when one (or two, or twenty) are homeless or starving. ""This must be what a god feels like,"" I think to myself as I roll my eyes at the death of a villager apparently too stupid to walk ten feet and grab some firewood from the marketplace.As you can tell by the number of hours I've played BANISHED, I absolutely love this game. I'll go a few months without playing, and then find myself missing it and open it up to start a new game. Every time I do, it's the same lovely, immersive, sometimes frustrating but always satisfying experience. BANISHED scratches some sort of existential itch in my soul, and I know it's a game I will continue to turn to for years and years.As far as mechanics go, I absolutely love that the villagers of BANISHED are ""smart"" enough to perform routine tasks without being told. If you want to build a house in a forest, you don't have to tell them to clear the forest, gather resources, and then build the house -- they will perform the necessary steps to achieve your ultimate goal. This alone makes the gameplay superb to most city-builders.I also enjoy playing this game with some of the many mods that other players have made. I love the new content and how easily it integrates into the basic game. But I think I'll always prefer to play it un-modded, because its very spareness is part of what makes it so real and so addictive."
76561198053873950,Not Recommended,242920,20525820,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,loathsome1,"Damn, I wanted to like this game... I really did.  As a big fan of both RTS and city-building games, the idea of survival being your primary obstacle really seemed like a fresh idea for both genres.  Unfortunately I cannot in good faith recommend anyone buy this game.  The problems are myriad, and I hardly know where to begin.  I guess I'll start by covering the good, since it's by far the shortest list.PROSCool gameplay conceptLooks cool for an indie releaseCONSIt would be overly charitable to call the UI ""clunky.""  If you intend to have all of the relevant info tabs open (and you really should if you want to survive longer than ten minutes) anticipate them eating more than a third of your screen.  It really detracts from any visual enjoyment you might otherwise get from the game.The learning curve is exceptionally steep.  At less than 100 total population the slightest change in resource allocation throws your entire village into chaos.  While I appreciate that a fine balance is necessary for a survival game, this game really misses the mark.  Convert a fisherman to a forester?  Everybody starves.  Have three births over the winter versus last season's two?  Everybody starves.  Admit two nomads into your village?  Everybody starves.  They should have just called the game 'Everybody Starves' as that's about the only achievable outcome short of OCD-like micromanagement of every single in-game metric.There is nothing intuitive about the mechanics of this game.  There are tooltips, but they are vague and unhelpful, especially when taken in combination with the ultra-touchy resource allocation system.  I have played dozens of RTS titles and have never run up against a game that was so cagey about telling you what the ♥♥♥♥ it was doing (ie. how the game elements affect one another).AI in this game is a joke, and player control is nonexistent.  Sure, you can assign villagers to one of several dozen different job categories, but in some cases that seems entirely futile as they pretty much do whatever they want once assigned.  And of course, since you have no direct control over individual villagers, you're basically forced to watch them as they wile away the hours.  I've watched farmers nonchalantly gather wood during planting season, fail to make it to their assigned farm until halfway through summer, then wander off through the entirety of harvest time because they were cold.  If you lived alongside people like this in an actual subsistence village, you'd flog these farmers to death for constantly putting the lives of the entire town in jeopardy.AI is so garbage it deserves a second bullet point.  Builders cannot prioritize multiple tasks.  While there is a system in place to manage build priorities, it flat does not work.  I have consistently had buildings with zero assigned builders finish well before buildings which had my entire building crew assigned to them, because again: villagers do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they please, occasionally popping in to do 14 seconds of work at their ""job"" before wandering off because they're cold or hungry.  Why these morons can't dress and feed themselves before leaving the house for work is beyond me, but that's apparently how the developer intended for things to work.  The last thing I will say on the subject; because of their failure to prioritize the buildings you select, it's time-wasting and endlessly frustrating to queue more than maybe two buildings at a time.  Doing so causes the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AI to split your resources among all future building sites (even ones without assigned builders), ensuring you don't have enough resources to start building *any* of your projects.  It's one of the stupidest designs I've ever seen in a civilization builder-type game.  This also makes planning for the future of your settlement nearly impossible.  As a bonus, when food reserves are running low, people forget how to eat.  I've seen dozens of villagers die rather than make the trek across the street to the market (where there is food).  This is another♥♥♥♥♥♥poor piece of AI programming.  Apparently, villagers like to shop like they're at Costco.  If they can't obtain a six month supply of food in a single market visit, they refuse to eat at all.  They will, however, attempt to cross the entirety of the map trying to find food somewhere else, even if it's miles away from their workplace and home.  Spoiler alert: they starve.Given what I've seen in my first couple dozen hours of play, I cannot see how this game would scale up in a fun and meaningful way.  I currently haven't made it much past ~100 villagers, at which point the game seemingly already requires autistic levels of attention.  Based on that, I can only imagine that a larger town would become an immediate and tedious grind.In summary, I think this game concept had a ton of potential that was just impossible for a first-time developer to fully realize.  If you can get it for $2 and pile so many mods on top of it that it effectively becomes a different game, there might be some (fun) replay value there.  I've heard great things about the Colonial Charter mod, and am keeping my fingers crossed that it can save this game.  However, if you're expecting $20 worth of ""fun"" from the vanilla game, I believe you'll be sorely disappointed.  I'm sad to say I couldn't recommend this game at anything other than bargain basement prices."
,Recommended,242920,9196252,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Edelweiss ✿,"This game will crush you, eat you, spit you out, burn your corpse, and pee on your grave.  And you'll love every second of it.There is no combat, no money, no infinite resources unless by trade boat...This ain't your momma's city builder, and the name of the game is survival.  People will freeze in the winter, use up firewood for their homes, break their tools, get sick, etc.  Every npc is precious, and even has a name, gender, a job you assign them (teacher, doctor, farmer, miner...) and a home they return to each day to warm up and eat and sleep.It's like SIm City 1066.  Hard to imagine this was all made by a single developer, and I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a hefty challenge in a city builder/survival sim."
,Recommended,242920,29467851,Posted: 24 January,all,MrK,A breath of build sim fresh air.  Very challenging and difficult wish there was some more content
76561198001869986,Recommended,242920,24662860,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,mattwgallagher,"...can't review......playing banished......send food......2,500 units should be enough."
,Recommended,242920,24385822,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Folji,"Tried to claim the achievement for a 300 villager society without schools, using only hunting and gathering.Now my townstead, built along a river bank and surrounded by small hunting/gathering campsites, has such an immense production of food that a lot of it goes straight to the trading post.We just bought a massive supply of tools, clothes, and iron, with venison. Every trading post has at least 2000 pounds of venison in stock.I've made a society where venison is the official currency.10/10 would keep playing."
,Recommended,242920,17399993,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,sayko,"Banished is a game about a group of people who were banished from their home (for an unknown reason) with just enough food and tools to start a new life in the wilderness.In the game description, this is said to be a ""city-building strategy game"". Well, I think it is only 20% city-building. In my humble opinion, this is a ""strategic survival of a town against nature"". Things like collecting resources, building structures just the right way so your villagers can use the optimum route to their destination, planning village growth according to terrain, are what this game is all about. If you buy this game expecting a ""city-building game"", you will not like it. Actually half of the bad reviews are based on expectation of a ""city-building game"".Game's complexity is fair. It does not have hundreds of buildings, tools etc. There is only one ""tool"" which villagers use to collect resources and build structures. There are also a handful of structures each with a different purpose, from producing fuel to keeping villagers happy. Its complexity comes from learning what works best how and with what.Game does not have an end game goal. This may be a good thing or a bad thing depending on people's perspective. After you start a game and get the hang on basics, you put your own goal. For example mine was to grow to 600 citizens and got the achievement. It is not actually a sandbox game, but some people put some restrictions on themselves, like not building certain buildings. Some of these restrictions are also encouraged by achievements if you are into it.Pros:+ Good graphics:Structures are very detailed, villagers are distinguishable, trees and nature look good enough.+ Excellent simulation:Every villager has a status based on their hunger, clothing etc. and distance between their house and work place makes real difference.+ Nice tutorial:Tutorial teaches the basics but doesn't give too much detail. For a survival game, learning optimum ways is part of the game.+ Works great:My system is considered high end, but should work great on medium level systems because its recommended system requirements are currently considered very low end.+ Workshop supportCons:+ Slow paced:This is not necessarily a bad thing but it may make some people bored quickly.+ Wrong classification:Well, this game is about survival but classified as city-building strategy game. It makes expectations of new players different and most bad reviews are based on this.Verdict:I don't regret having this game and recommend it without a second thought. I hope developer (yes singular. afaik, it is developed by one person) considers making a sequel in the future.P.S: As a rule, I won't comment on price tag. Everyone has a different opinion on whether it is worth the price tag or not. So it is up to you to decide.Edit: Fixed some typos and formatting"
,Recommended,242920,9171443,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,BillyR,"Only played a short time but WOW! Such a FINISHED and polished product here. Looks good, runs good...I've had no issues. The price point is great for an actually FINISHED game. RECOMMENDED 100%, hat's off to THE developer for a job well done!"
,Recommended,242920,16548169,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,General Glauca,This game pretty enjoyable. got it on summer sale and i think if i spend my money way more for this i will not regret it. but one thing this game doesn't have that i want is a night cycle. hope they update this game and make it possible. All in all this is a very nice game. i could play this like forever.
,Recommended,242920,9172247,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Stormfox,"This is a very relaxing and realistic game. Graphics are good enough for a game like this and the game works very well. The game has a lot of micro management which is awesome. Keeping track of population growth and seeing your village expand into a small town is great and very scenic. Having to keep track of everything makes this game never boring. And the maps are random, so every time you start over the map is different (unless you use the same seed agian). The music and ambient sounds are also very well done. Although I do not like the sound of the rain/storms very much. But besides that, the game is very well made and addictive."
,Not Recommended,242920,28787380,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nephilim,"I've played city building games since the original Sim City and I'm a big fan of survival/sandbox/crafting games, so this seemed like it'd be the kind of game I'd love.Sadly, Banished has the bare bones feel of an early access game that has been abandoned. In most games of this type, I usually feel like I've barely scratched the surface of what's on offer after 20 hours or so. In Banished, I felt I'd experienced everything after an hour and the novelty was already wearing off. I had already constructed every building type possible. There is no building progression apart from upgrading wooden houses to stone ones. All that was left was to unlock different crops and animals at the randomised trader who visits once per year, which didn't seem compelling enough to keep me going.I am OK with simplicity as long as a game remains fun, but beyond the initial colony construction there's just too little of interest to do in Banished. There is no possibility of cultural or technological advance, no politics, no contact or conflict with other groups, nothing to aim for besides building more of the same stuff and increasing your population. If this was an early access game I'd say the scope for development was huge, but it's not and as things stand it's shallow compared to the competition. You can pick up an older classic like Anno 1404 - with rich diplomacy, upgrades, trade, seafaring etc - for almost nothing these days.My biggest issue given the relatively intimate scale of the game was that I felt no emotional investment. It seems like a wasted opportunity, given how fascinating the intrigue of interpersonal relationships in a new community like this could be. Play Rimworld to experience a masterclass in this. In Banished, I felt no connection to or compassion for my colonists. They're crude identikit stick figures with no personality and little to set them apart or make you care. They all switch jobs constantly depending on who lives closest, with only a basic 'education' stat affecting their efficiency at anything from teaching to stonecutting - good in terms of optimal pathing I suppose, but totally immersion breaking. The colonist AI is woeful, by the way.I have recently had a blast with games like the aforementioned Rimworld and This War Of Mine, in which characters are full of personality and incredible and varied interpersonal stories constantly unfold that really draw you in and made you care. Losing one of my people in either of those games elicited a genuine emotional response. By comparison, Banished felt incredibly hollow. Yet another stonecutter has been crushed by a rock? No worries, another interchangeable faceless drone has automatically taken their place in the pit!The graphics are what I'd expect from a small indie developer. Sadly, Banished has a very clunky modular UI that deviates needlessly from established genre conventions. For example, speeding up and slowing the passage of time - which are easy to locate, always visible and quickly altered with single keystrokes in similar games - are in submenus here, requiring extra clicks or 2 hotkeys to get to. I could live with this if the game was perfect otherwise, but it's symptomatic of deeper issues.Other reviews complain that starvation is too hard to counter, but I found I had no problem as it was easy to feed the colony through the winter by assigning plenty of colonists to fishing.I can see how some people could get into a relaxed, zenlike state whilst playing this and might appreciate its simplicity and lack of progression. However, I feel like I already have plenty of other better games in my library which accomplish that. I'd say if you love building games and want any kind of depth or incentive to persevere, look elsewhere. Or do what I do and try it on sale - it's only a 300Mb download, so it's quick to give it a shot."
,Recommended,242920,16634790,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,The Metalizer,This game taught me that a hunter gatherer society is far more efficient than an agricultural one.11/10 would collect berries again.
76561198191417031,Recommended,242920,22714843,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ocean Man,"ProsLarge MapsAllowing usage of modsGreat game mechanicsGood early on when making settlementFun overallConsRepettitiveSometimes boringGrinding of resourcesReally boring late gameOverall I would give it a 8/10. Its a great game, but the amount of repetition bothers a lot. Good thing that there are mods."
,Recommended,242920,34516907,Posted: 26 August,all,Psycho_Vincent,"Have a village of 20 people, Food mysteriously dissapears, 3 adults and 4 kids die during the winter. Manage to fix the village by building♥♥♥♥♥♥load of fishing stations. Village manages to get out of the crisis and yet again gain more citizens. Then the food crisis strikes again. Turns out that one household had stolen all the food and refused to share which lead to the destruction of the village.10/10 would starve again"
,Not Recommended,242920,9208587,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Four FFFF Jeffff,"When I found out this wasn't early access I basically threw up in my mouth.  The game is completely broken and there is nothing to do but grow food eat food die from bad coding.Anyone that mentions the words ""Dwarf Fortress"" in regards to this game needs to be atom smashed by a drawbridge."
76561198023761089,Not Recommended,242920,32153852,Posted: 3 June,all,Invictus,"For me personally, this game was far too slow with no real sense of accomplishment. Yes, your village becomes bigger every year, and you can add more buildings and gain more villagers. And yes the game is very challenging with a lot of your villagers dying if your town is not properly managed. But that's it. What is the end goal?"
76561198021708369,Recommended,242920,22636780,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Stybjorn,"Banished is a spectacular game. I do admit that initially I went in thinking it to be a city builder and thats how I treated it. I bit me back very hard and I was very displeased. But then I really thought about how I was playing. I cahnged it to a more ""initally i'm screwed so husband your resources and educate your folks (so they do things more efficiently)"", and once I started my games with that mentality the game itself became a true challenge and a blast. This is a very well done SURVIVAL game.The Bad....If you get a huge batch of nomads, it can throw you into a death spiral with food or plague (once of my nomad requests brought in almost 50 people, within 5 minutes those 50 added such a strain on my food that half of my city died to starvation).You need to play very methodically. Build here, watch and see if it stabilizes, fix if it doesnt or leave it alone if it does. Rinse and repeat.Growing your population. Holy christ this one can hurt. You basically need to be in a constant state of building new homes (which is rough because that adds more strain on your initially reduced resources). Thats the only way to populate the village/town/city.Sometimes ya just get bad luck. The randomly generated map sometimes just gets ya in a stupid spot.The GreatDamn, this is a fun game. There is always something to fix, tweak or build to make your village/town/city more efficient.Plenty to build, plenty of ways to influence how your city looks and grows (with a forrester you can essentially make ""parks"".Great mods. I recommend the terrains plus and the Banished plus. They both add difficulties and streamline the overall gameplay.Tough as nails. This game was a great challenge to husband your resources and grow in a stable and healthy manner for your folks.ConclusionIf you like to build vast cities off the bat with no challenge, dont buy it.If you want to build a small village, work up to a bustling town, and finally grow to a massive city. But during each step of the way you encounter a good logistical struggle for stability. Buy this game. I cant tell you how much fun this was for me. Great job Shining Rock!"
76561198005347228,Recommended,242920,29581537,Posted: 30 January,all,Kibatsu,Good game. Kudos to Luke Hodorowicz for developing this game entirely on his own.
,Recommended,242920,9840007,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,OwlsDontTalk,Keep going! Hope we'll see more content soon :)
,Recommended,242920,29766567,Posted: 7 February,all,Bunta Fujiwara | CapN_Cook,"Such a relaxing game yet its also difficult which makes it more fun :)For everyone who ever played Settlers I'd def reccomend it,Its just like that but w/o the combat :)8/10And yes it still has some bugs but there not as bad"
,Recommended,242920,30949512,Posted: 4 April,all,Zaida13367,"Wow over 200 hours played lolIf you need a break from stressful shooters and puzzles or just a way to wind down after work, then this game is for you.It's as easy or difficult as you choose it to be. Once you suceed on easy, its fun to give yourself a real challenge.This is the only game that i actually use mods for. They're built right into the game for you to freely install and they dont hurt game performance.After 200 hours I've done all that can be done, waiting for different mods to come out. I'd love to see a Banished 2 come out!"
76561198034613083,Not Recommended,242920,13864452,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SekRanger,"I will not recommend this game, though, it's fun. Reason is, you cannot build a ""stable city"". You have to expand the city as you play the game. Or citizen in you city will get old and die. I don't know why the reproduction of people in this game is so poor.1 house can be occupied by 5 people. But, when the time past, people die. And another family member won't reproduce until you build a new house. So they will move in and start to reproduce 1 or maybe 2 kids."
,Recommended,242920,16319084,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,darcydarcychachacha,"I have almost 600 hours played in this game, and have only 6 achievements.  My dudes die."
,Not Recommended,242920,12764130,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Clambumper007,"This game is good, flwaless in fact with the things it does, it's the things that this game does not do that is where the problem lies, as a stright up villiage builder its great but there are many aspects to the game that you need to know before blowing $20 on it,1, all the F**kING VILLIAGERS ARE GLUTTONS, i had a reaaly nice town with 1,000 potatos, plums, and venison and by winter its all gone. how is a poplulation of 80 people eat 1,000 of those items EACH.2. Crops, some grow in winter and some grow in spring, not in this game all crops even pumpkins only grow in the start of SPRING, like no thought went into this, apples grow in Fall right? not here only in spring, so you have to make sure that you have a huge surplus of food or people die left and right.3, as the game progresses it feels as if your people get lazy i hade 50 laborers cut down a small segment of trees, rocks, and iron and it took them 4 seasons to cut a ♥♥♥♥ing 20x20 set of land, why?4, trade costs, these things are outragous to grow your community and have a tavern to sell beer and keep your people happy you'll need new seed depending on the random roll you got when you started the game, some merchants you can buy seeds off of but you need 3,000 units of your items to apparently buy 1 pack of wheat seed to make beer with, now that would not be a problem but not all merchants take every item so your trading post could be 50% full of the wrong ♥♥♥♥ing things and you would have no idea.lastly some buildings you just don't build like a school house or an herbalist, i went through a game with a pop of 900 on hard mode, no one ever got sick, there was never a tornado, its as if the games selling point on being ready for♥♥♥♥♥♥to hit the fan seems to be broken and or just gone on some map seeds, and the school house, that bonus where it make your villiagers work better and produce more is all just a dice roll some of my wood cutters and stone cutters produce alot of stone and wood being uneducated ive also had the same thing happen with stone and woodcutters being educated, the game is just too damn inconsistant, when i do a thing the first time i expect that same thing to happen again on a different map seed"
,Recommended,242920,16511921,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sam Hamwich,"A very simple ""City Sim"" that is extremely hard to master.  You start this game out as a small town just building from scratch, a couple houses (on easy setting) a storage barn and some settlers.  The goal is to build a thriving town that can sustain the needs of all its habitants.  They need to eat, rest, and be healthy.  Sounds easy on paper however the developers have designed the game is keep you on your toes the entire time.  You have to balance your population growth just perfectly to enable your new production buildings to have enough employees, however not too quickly that they run out of food during their first winter.There are a decent amount of buildings in this game, from various vegetable farms, to fruit tree orchards, to live stock pens.  You can have stone quarries, and iron mines, hunter lodges and herb gatherers.  You also must build schools to teach your citizens how to be more productive at their jobs, and churches to provide happiness as well as graveyards so villagers can mourn the loss of loved ones.The maps are very well done, and easily thousands and thousands of variations, some having large lakes which can make your town more focused on fishing, or large forested areas where hunters do the majority of food gathering.Overall this game is well worth the money.  As of right now I have over 20 hours played and still have not made a successful town that I am happy with.  However, each time I start a new one I get a bit further and closer to perfecting it.Very fun game, can't wait until more items and features are added."
,Recommended,242920,30925784,Posted: 3 April,all,Obizzle9,"Oh Banished... Banished is hands down one of the more realistic city builders out there. Banished takes what we love about a city builder and adds even more to it. The constant monitoring of supplys, resources, trade and general health of your towns folk doesn't even begin to scratch the surface. The AI while impressive is anguishing at times, and yes I mean times of pure frustration followed by cursing and even having to get a beer to calm myself.Banished is almost detailed to a fault, a good fault but none the less a fault of its own. If you are lucky enough to make it past the first couple of years’ life in your town will continue to have its own unique struggles. My most successful town, now 105 years old, continues to go through its own challenges. Often brought on by my own ignorance or a minor hiccup in city planning. Occasionally you will have an outbreak of the flu or contaminated food but once you achieve a population greater than one hundred or so this really isn’t a problem as the doctor will be able to fix you right up. The greatest two issues every player will undoubtedly face is starvation and your citizens dying of freezing temperatures (lack of firewood). The issue here is while the game is addicting it’s easy to get caught up in the non-essential functions of your town. While having stone roads is great, having food and firewood should always take the gamers attention as an everyday issue.If the player is lucky enough to get through the troubling times of a village on the brink of extinction early on, fret not the threat is still real with even a population of five hundred plus. I found that allocation of resources is more important than ever in a large population. Perhaps a flaw of the AI used to control these villagers is that they don’t seem to do many things with any rhyme or reason. For example, if I have a large quantity of chicken in one storage shed but that shed is on the other side of the map my towns people with make the journey to find it. Often times by the time they arrive villagers that live closer have grabbed the precious artificial sustenance and have left their fellow man to die. The problem with this is that there is no “F5” for the villager now traveling what is going to take them a seasons time to get the meat that doesn’t exist. They will pass by fully loaded storage facilities as the AI has already populated a destination for them. This is my qualm. Now there are ways around this. Once your town becomes large it’s best to think of every area as its own township in a county. Each area needs its own food supply, its own firewood, its own foresters, harvesters, teachers, doctors and so on. Forgetting this will bring what is all but certain death to the citizens of your village.My village of five hundred still goes through its random shortages but is generally healthy, most recently I lost over two hundred citizens due to the simple errors mentioned above. All in all this game takes the cake. Its oddly addicting and you almost feel like you are part of this thing that has become great. While you won’t be protecting your city from outside invaders, perhaps the only con I see, you will be the “president” of something great. I’d love to see some updates but overall who can complain? Perhaps we can hope but this is worth every penny you spend. Good luck and have fun being Banished!"
,Not Recommended,242920,12807901,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Walfas,"Very little variety in gameplay. Aside from terrain differences, no town is really any different/harder than another.City grows and expands, but 100 years in the future and you still have the exact same, terribly insulated houses that you did when you started, for example.Yes, it's a one-person dev team, but expecting over $20 for this at normal price is way too high for the content. Oh, and the AI is atrocious. Fires are the most dangerous thing ever, not because they burn down your buildings, but because the majority of your villagers don't try to put them out, even when idle and with a well nearby, not starving, happy, and educated. It's a mystery."
,Recommended,242920,9236384,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Tooth-Walking Sea-Horse,"This game caught me a bit by surprise, with my purchase entirely decided by an intense longing to play Settlers 2 again, and that it looked very pretty. It's about making Medieval civilization in the wilderness, starting with a group of twenty hardened fiends who have been BANISHED (the game doesn't say what for but I think murders), and seeing how big you can get. There's no external military threats, it's just a question of if you can balance your expansion, production, transportation and all that other stuff that makes a town tick, without everyone dying. Pure sandbox, no aim in mind beyond what you want to set yourself.My first few settlements predictably toppled over, when we ran out of food/firewood/clothes/all of the above, but eventually I settled into a nice, soothing rhythm of building and consolidating. Stuff takes time to happen, so you can't charge around building farms and smithies and whatnot, you get there gradually, and with planning. Secure basic food, fuel and shelter in the first year, scavenge materials, plant trees, open a smithy a few years in, maybe barter for some chickens, a few more houses, a bridge over a stream...seasons tick by at a leisurely pace while you think about what you want to do in the next decade, or how you're going to create enough food to support the next twenty people.It's not frantic, and once you know what you're doing there's not much that can surprise you, but sometimes you just want to do that, build up your little decorative fishtank of farmers and quarrymen. I think what it sets out to do, it accomplishes excellently, but the lack of surprise and novelty will (I think) stop me playing in the long run. There's nothing grandiose to shoot for, like Pharaoh's monuments, there's no pressing reason to keep expanding. Beyond occasional gimmicky disasters, you're mostly going to be staring at the streets, weighing up whether a tunnel would be a good use of stone, and adjusting the worker distribution to pump out a few more iron tools.It's relaxing, it's reasonably deep, it's pretty, just don't expect too much in the way of an epic saga and you won't be disappointed."
76561198047005657,Not Recommended,242920,14656129,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Queen Eli,"I bought it on sale for 6$, and for that price it was an enjoyable enough game. But, after a while it stopped really having much to do.You do the same things over and over and over again working slowly -- emphasis on the slowly -- to expand your settlement. If you expand to fast you die; if you expand too slow you also die. Leaving you with this middle ground of ""just right"" expansion speed that really makes the game incrediably dull. It takes forever to do much of anything, and for large chuncks of the game I was waiting on the merchant to bring me animals.I gave up after 10 years with out a single merchant bringing animals. I did have the same guy turn up six times in a row selling the same single type of fruit I had started with.That really sums up the game you can be doing everything right and end up screwed over because the AI is just awful.I'm sure other reviewers have mentioned the issue where people starve because the farmers  won't go harvest their crops -- that happened. But even worse than that was the total illogical issue where the game seems to struggle with allocating materials in logical ways.Even with low caps set on EVERYTHING that used wood were still freezing to death because EVERY SINGLE OTHER THING that needed wood got it before the woodcutter. It's so frustrating to have to micromange things that the AI should be smart enough to figure out."
,Recommended,242920,15316207,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,purp dranker 4000,"A single 14 year old boy watched his entire family and friends starve to death, with his 2 year old sister being the last to goHe went on to live for 54 more years, probably hating himself for letting his sister die, until he died of disease stemming from him only eating wheat for 54 years.10/10 would put child through long, torturous existence again"
76561198058662627,Recommended,242920,12009142,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,GasBandit,"If you think you're good at management sims, you should step up and try Banished. It will humble you. Unless you do everything right and provide for about 17 different needs for all your people at all times without fail or delay, people are going to die. A lot of people. The game's resource generation vs consumption is incredibly tilted against you. Unless you have fully educated villagers using the best tools and wearing the warmest clothing and in exactly just the right amount of houses (not too few, not too many), it's a long slow slide into starvation and desperation. My village has been going about 43 years, but because villagers apparently age at 4 times the normal rate (I started off with 10 villagers in their 20s, and within 5 years the oldest ones in the village were in their 40s easy) there have been generations of turnover, especially due to all the starvation. You can't farm enough. You can't forage enough. You can't mine enough, you can't quarry or herd or smith or log enough, fast enough. At my peak, my village boasted almost 100 residents. After about a 20 year recession that worsened into depression (not helped by the frequently completely useless merchants that came to call, no I don't want to buy your stupid pumpkin seeds, I already grow my own, why the hell didn't you bring iron), I'm back under 30 residents, mostly from starvation.The game plays very similar to Tropico or Gnomoria in that instead of controlling individual villagers you simply order the places for them to live and work built, and manage as a taskmaster/city planner. It starts off kind of easy because a new map will have abundant resources just lying on the ground around you... but once you use that up, it's much slower and more expensive to mine it/cultivate it/quarry it. There are no goblin attacks, no rebels, no hurricanes or zombies... just your silent mental wail as you watch people under your charge wither and die because your skills at management were a single iota less than divinely perfect."
,Recommended,242920,11078444,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Devi,"Let me just say right off the bat that if Banished were a game of SimCity's scale, it would definitely land into my ""top five favorite city-builders"" list. And maybe it will, once mod support is finally added.Ifit's actually added. Dear god, please just add it. It's going to lead to amazing things, I know it.So what are we dealing with here? You've probably seen the words ""city-builder"", ""survival"" and ""strategy"" words getting tossed around. Imagine SimCity set in medieval times, but on a much lesser scale. Remember Stronghold 1? Take the economic aspect out of that. Add Children of the Nile to the mix, minus all the monkeys. Splice those suckers together. Bam! You get Banished.If that sounds exciting to you, then by all means, go nab the game. But first be aware that:-There are no quests, no war, no enemies, no money, no research. It's pure and simple ""build"" and ""survive"", or ""build to survive"" in this case. Also trade weed for chickens! Exciting.-There are randomly occuring disasters to spice up the gameplay,but the rate at which they happen remains a complete mystery to  me. My last hard game had none occur during the 50 years span. My normal game before that had two tornadoes in a row. Ho hum.-All in all, this game doesn't have much to offer: if you're familiar/experienced with the genre, there's a good chance that it'll only take you a few playthroughs to figure out the game's mechanics and grow a large town, at which point it becomes a very tedious experience... Until you start anew.-Finally, there's no end and no goal. If you really MUST have that sense of ""accomplishment"", you're gonna have to resort to achievement hunting, or set your own goals.BUT!-There's STILL a considerable amount of depthin this game. The only way to truly succeed is through careful management, strong infrastructure and a wee bit of luck. Do you enjoy bossing tiny pixel people around? Then boy oh boy, is this the game for you.-It is ridiculously addicting, so you better get some coffee before tapping that play button. Don't say I didn't warn you.-The lack of a goal is not necessarily a bad thing.While it may sound off-putting, that's where your imagination comes to play. There's not much room for roleplaying here, but planning your village's layout and dealing with terrain obstacles on each newly generated map is fun and exciting, like in any sandbox game.-IT WAS MADE BY ONE PERSON, FOR GOD'S SAKE, so mad props for that!My verdict? I certainly got my money's worth here. Good city sims are a rare sight nowadays, and the (hopefully) upcoming mod kit just might improve the game tenfold with the help of community. So good luck, and full speed ahead."
,Recommended,242920,9274863,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Hairy Hairy Robbaz,"Great game, took me a few tries to get things rolling and it feels brilliant once you are past that point. Not much to do once you really mastered the growth, but you will sure as hell sink a few hours into it."
,Recommended,242920,9214964,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,tieio,"Simply an amazing game. If you have A.D.D. or crave conflict, this game might not be for you. If you enjoy peacful and beautiful town building, this is just the game for you. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,242920,10854662,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Defender of Sexyness,"If I had to choose between sim city or banished...id go with banished. For this game to be developed by only one guy this is truley an amazing accomplishment. It's fun. its addicitive, its relaxing to play but at the same time very challenging.Even though there is no attacking or battles you can still get royally f'd over from starvation, disease, the winter months and even over population.One of the best purchases ive made. Highly reccomend."
76561198013132245,Recommended,242920,26009074,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,huminado,"The longer I play this, the more impressed I am.The size of a town even at a hundred people is impressive - I had never appreciated really how huge modern cities are until playing this for many hours.The simulation is not completely realistic, as the economy at the docks is contrived.Still the longer I play it, the more I want to recommend it.  There are more modern versions of this game now - take your pick.  Well worth the heavy time investment mastering this difficult game."
,Not Recommended,242920,26055064,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,-B-,"Banished has a lot of potential but it really fails to live up to this, as a result of poor AI and obsure mechanics. I have fond memories of playing it when it first came out for many hours, but always the same frustrations arise.The game is challenging, but for the wrong reasons. Not because it is designed well, but because it is designed poorly. You are often forced to deal with chain reactions as a result of a 'bottleneck of stupidity,' usually a villager hording a material for no reason or not building a vital construction despite it being prioritised. Eventually, the town will become large enough so that any challenge (read: AI stupidity) is made irrelevant so you just keep expanding and expanding with the same buildings again and again.I have a number of questions concerning the game.Why do villagers keep idling for no apparent reason?Why does health gradually decline despite all needs to stabilise it being met?Why does one household decide to horde the entire harvest of a particular crop, plunging the village into starvation?Is there an answer to these? Probably. But no answer is surrendered by the game; very rarely do I have the feeling that I am fully aware of what is going on.I greatly admire the ability of one man to create this game, but really, it is more like an alpha after being released for over two years.I really *don't* want to give this game a negative review because really, it can be enjoyable. But I don't feel that I can give it a positive one."
,Recommended,242920,31835140,Posted: 18 May,all,M Nite Slam Man,"After you avert the winter crisis of having your citizens freeze to death, you watch them all die of starvation in the spring because crops only bloom in the fall10/10 resource management"
,Recommended,242920,9173812,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Erich,It's impressive that this game was made by only one individual. It's doubly impressive that it's as deep and polished as it is.Definitely the game I've always been wanting to play. Brilliant.
,Recommended,242920,18965836,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,The_Iron_Minotaur,"Banished is possibly the most challenging city sim. That i have ever played. The game is extremely punishing to those who go in there thinking ""Oh it's just like Sim City"" lol. No, it isn't. This game is very detailed in almost every aspect to how your town is from the overall health of your citizens, happiness, and, how many jobs are there avaiable as well as citizens.I mean seriously this game has a graph to keep track of progress of every little thing from resources, to population, to supplies. This game is very well informative. Plus the tutorials are also a big help. The developers really put a lot of hard work into the game. Just make sure you keep your citizens happy and use critical thinking skills in applying to the needs of your citizens and you should be fine :)Plus this game has a modding community behind it. To make the game better or slightly easier for newcomers to the game.The only downside to this game is the overall ""disasters"" In this game it's either natural (tornadoes, fires) or medicial (diseases, and such). With that being said, The game doesn't have any bandits, wolf attacks, or neighboring towns for you to take over. Lol, yes i know what your thinking ""But um this is a building city simulation. Not some sort of RTS conquest"" and yes i get that. However the disasters happen rarely. Sometimes not at all. This game is a great time killer. But that is actually the problem. Lol, i want to be more active with my village. Maybe trade it with other villages that I have created, or defending my town from bandits and wolves, or take over other towns that are randomly generated on the map. Perphaps share the world space with a friend who has the game as well?If the developers are going to make a second Banished game. I sincerely hope they add more ""disasters"" in the game. It's a great start, plus the game overall should keep you busy. Not everyone will like this game because of these elements or lack of certain elements. But hey who knows maybe a modder will make something like this in the near future? So don't get your hopes upAll and all. If you like delicate city building simulations. This game is for you."
76561198058557323,Not Recommended,242920,16493554,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,._.Xylock._.,"Dont get me wrong, great game and all, but it kinda gets repetative after awhile and loses its charm. Burns a few hours and then I dropped it, may pick it up again if I feel like it and burn another few hours."
76561198052770227,Recommended,242920,14346078,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Literally Heejung,Fed my villagers literally nothing but beans for 20 years and they somehow didn't die of malnutrition.10/10 would beans again.
,Recommended,242920,14085240,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Big Dot,"Banished might be the perfect metaphor for humanity. Once you’ve mastered an expanding economy (which takes some doing), you will continue to grow, filling the space that has been provided to you. Eventually you will run out of most natural resources. You will desolate every inch of the wilderness in your quest for preservation. Soon you will have too many mouths to feed and not enough jobs to go around. Despite this, your people will continue to breed relentlessly until starvation makes them unable to work, collapsing the economy until every last man, woman and child is dead.That’s the game."
,Recommended,242920,19785957,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Zervo,"a great medieval city builder game.better than most AAA city builder games.some people find this game lack of objectives.well yeah, since it doesn't have a campaign, only has a sandbox mode.but a true simulation/builder game lover doesn't need a pre determined objective to enjoy the game.and there is a mod in the workshop that really add a lot of new content into the game, almost like a complete overhaul or some expansion/DLC.this game, by itself is already a great city builder game.worth every penny.+ the micro management of the citizen is awesome.+ every person in the village is really live their life in the village, not just number.+ a detailed game mechanic in most aspects of the game.+ steam workshop (yey.. mod)- lack control of the resource management.- has a game perfomance issue (lag) in larger village (high population)- graphic is so~so, and lack of BG music variation (well, this is an indie game)- very addictive"
,Recommended,242920,11929231,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,GreenEggzAndCam,This game is evidence that I should never be in charge of other people's lives.
,Recommended,242920,12328580,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Willy A. Jeep,"Also known as Kino's Journey Simulator 2014.Don't Let The Idiots Live, Ever.Banished! You and your sect of friends, family, feeble, and rabble have been banished from your home kingdom/city-state/fuedal village for whatever closed-minded reason, and have decided to settle your own hamlet/city/empire.Now, Banished is an attractive, medeival-looking city building game where you construct a small town out of the landscape around you, and thenwatch it wither away into dust as the idiots fail to harvest their own fieldsstay in that simple stage until the Netherworld (read:hell) freezes over.Sounds a bit boring, right? If not, go back to watchin' that paint dry.If it does sound slightly... bland, that's because you've not heard the terrors provided by nature. Remember the Oregan Trail? Dysentery is going to look like gold once you're done being Banished.The cold kills, diseases kill, idiots can't harvest enough crops to feed themselves, nomads will flood your town, the mines and quarries kill, mothers die in childbirth, there's a stabbing at the market!A fire!Hope you built a hospital to quell that plague, or some wells to keep your wooden shacks from burning like the Cleveland river. The stabbings can't be helped, people are just evil, sometimes.That's all just the general layout, too. Really, anything could kill the villagers - even themselves.But,the game also gives you all sorts of chances and options to thrive. Most basic needs are easy to access, and come in that wonderfully stepped system of mine, build,die horribly, profit. And people are resilient and happy if they're given the right help, so build that school! Learn 'em up!And now, my personal experience with Banished:Had the luck to spawn on a large lake where a river emptied out, so fishing was a quick way to grab food. Forests all around, and not many mountains, so plenty of supplies at the ready for my town. Soon, was running a village of happy, healthy people and managed to have it grow beyond the lake and into the wilderness, with nearly sixty educated people.Seeing a large, flat stretch of land close by, I set farmland out and began growing a crop of pumpkin. Life was good.For atleast five years, that system worked. Until, one day after building a long-awaited chapel and town hall, everything hit the fan with the full force of an atmoic detonation. I made the horrible, awful, absolutely terrible decision to close the school, believing it would benefit me for the time to produce faster rather than in larger yields.Bad, bad move.The now-moronic people of The Land of Equals couldn't create tools nearly as efficiently or quickly as their past relatives, and even with full fields from good weather, would not harvest enough to feed the nearly-120 person population. And the great decline into starvation began, until a decade later, when there were only 17 survivors who'd managed to stay aliveandget through schooling.And, as I type, the educated remnants of that Banished pilgrimage are rebuilding with stunning succes thanks to their teaching. But the town hall's charts will forever show the great decline into Idiocy, and the impact it had upon The Land of Equals.So, TL;DR short, Banished is amazing. It can be calming, or stressful. It can give you a warm feeling of care, or a cold feeling of despair. If you take the challenge, be prepared for anything. AND NOW THERE'S MODS! =D9.1247/10"
76561198074159861,Recommended,242920,12269106,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Qohorik,"I would recommend this game to everyone, despite what sort of gamer you are, it's an overall amazing game, i have only just bought the game myself, i have been meaning to buy it for a while, but was a little concerned if it would run on my system, so today i decided to finally buy it, and well, it works completely perfectly, no issues at all.This game personally is the BEST game i have bought in a long time, i look forward to many future amazing updates for this game, it's an easyish game to get into to start with, i have a bad habbit of starting the game on hardest difficulty all the time when i start a new game for the first time, difficulty wise, i belive this game only offers a starting difficulty, and after that the game is at it is, by this i mean, if you start on easy, you get a nice little set up, then meduim you get less, and hard you get nothing pretty much, which i started on and them all my people died of stavation sadly..... then my next lot of people died again... and then again.... but i'm slowly getting better :P, hopfully soon i can finally get myself sorted food wise to avoid my people dieing.Overall, this game is a MUST BUY, if you like building type games, ect: then this game is for you, gather resources, build you're settlement up, watch you're settlement grow and grow, or watch it crumble and have you're people die from starvation or in a terrible disaster. 5 star!"
76561198062392613,Recommended,242920,14647543,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,parameswara,"Everyone starving,*panic* ,I accidently click 10x speed,Everyone died"
,Recommended,242920,12501366,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ratz-otg-,"good game, though once you figure it out it gets simple and drawn out. 12 hours to 20 hours tops before its just building the same stuff over and over. i tryed hard to moutain to differnt ways of starting and differnt ways of stright up playing and can not find away to add to the long jevity of the game."
76561198047163794,Recommended,242920,26333905,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sarle_,"A really amazing and fun game, would recommend, too bad there's a mobile game advertising itself with banished gameplay, i guess they like it more than their own game... thieves"
76561197968331161,Recommended,242920,23950318,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Danger,"Addictive, fun, yet boring.This is a city building game which starts off as just pure survial and keeping your people alive, then slowly turns into a city management game.  The first part being somewhat more engaging.  Also a fire, followed by a tornano, followed by a fire followed by a shark attack (OK maybe I imagined the sharks eating my last 50 citizens) while at first seems ridiculus and game ending at first.  It was actually quite a bit of fun to try and come back from.  WHile the game does offer acheivements to earn it seems quite a bit open as to what the goals are, there's no progression per say since you can build any type of building from the start (other than aquiring all the crop types and livestock types).  This actually i think is a good thing.  Theres also tons of mods for this game which is cool too, in fact while in game you can look at mods to get.I found this game fun to play as long as I was playing for fun, if you take my meaning."
,Recommended,242920,10512047,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,CorvoAttanoN,"I have played just about every single kind of strategy game. all the way from the Civilization series to Divinity Dragon Commander. with Civilization being the world builder and divinity being the combat game. But i have never ever been able to find a game where i could just build. just expand my civilization. without dragons comming and ♥♥♥♥ing everything up. but now i have finally found it, and its name is Banished. Banished is a fantastic game, i cant even praise it enough, the graphics and crisp and beautiful, with the nature feeling basically alive. the music is relaxing as all hell. and the ai is suprisingly fantastic. compared to games like Castle Story where the AI basically is a can of ♥♥♥♥ the ai in Banished moves as they should, they do as they should. basically it all just comes together to form one hell of an awesome strategy game that will keep you entertained for hours. you want proof? this rigth here is me playing through some of ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9Ehb_uLF84&list=PLBeK_pUc_Y24suHa7YVl2dHLj♥♥♥k0Xmk. and you migth think, but is there not missing content? someone or something to figth? well yes and no, it migth get a little bit boring on the easier difficulties. but on the higher/harder modes everything from the weather to disease will become your worst enemy.this game is god damn epic, a refreashing new piece of heaven that will hopefully become even more heavenly the more it is worked upon =)"
,Not Recommended,242920,18218859,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Scorm,"A lack of content for the late game mars an otherwise enjoyable city builder. There simply isn't enough to do once you establish your village and sadly, at time of writing, the developers do not seem interested in providing more."
76561198054862483,Recommended,242920,12145580,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Jellyfish007,Just buy it
,Recommended,242920,33856727,Posted: 28 July,all,KuroiSenko,"Banished is a really good survival game for an indie one. It's refreshing and fun but unfortunately, not for that long. At first you praise the graphics, music and the overall atmosphere of this game while trying to do your best to survive and build every new thing that you can. But later on into the game you don't really have anything fresh or different, you're just repeating the life cycle. The overall mechanics and ideas are great, I have only experienced an issue with setting a priority to do a specific job for my builders, that's all. So, getting this game on a sale for a few euros is totally worth it.8/10"
76561198055105174,Recommended,242920,9614142,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,lolahorse,"So, having logged 104 hours into the game and completed roughly 75% of the achievements, I figured I would sit down and write a review/recommendation for Banished.  Overall, this game is amazing.  It's got multiple (and I mean multiple) elements to consider in order for the player to achieve a healthy, happy, thriving community.  However, the basic mechanics are pretty easy to learn and the tutorials, while being somewhat bare minimum, are enough to at least get the player happily started on his own dreams of popuation building domination.  As I've played the game I've noticed:- Having auto-pause on tabbing out is wonderful.  Some people may be annoyed by this, but since the player's population can go from happily frolicking through fields full of plums and cherries to attempting to cut down trees or mine rocks with their bare hands, puking their guts out and then trying madly to find the nearest hospital while shivering from the cold... all in a few moments on 10x speed... yeah.  Hurray for auto-pause so the population doesn't die while the player decides to load up youtube and watch a 2 minute video.- Merchants in ships do not seem to use their spyglasses to look for supplies when deteriming which trading post to visit. When given the choice between a trading post full of workers and materials vs. a trading post with two lonely workers struggling to load 10 barrels of apples into an empty warehouse, guess which one the merchant picks fifty percent of the time? That's right!  He visits the seedy looking trading post with a few apples and completely bypasses the ten workers in the supply-laden trading post waving welcome signs and cheering. Sigh.- One basket of produce left in a farmer's field over the winter somehow magically prevents that farmer from planting seeds or harvesting crops from any of the rest of his field the next planting season.  I realize the basket probably does take up five feet of space, but Mr. Farmer, honestly, you can just walk around it. I promise. Or better yet, take it to the storehouse so it is actually useable.- All hunters in this game should be provided with a gps and a gun safety manual.  Hunters can produce an amazing amount of leather and venison in just one season.  Left to themselves, even alone in that huge mansion of a hunting lodge they get, one hunter can produce enough to feed a small army IF they are smart enough to find the deer standing outside the front door and not walk past them to aimlessly search for deer three miles away.  When they do eventually find a herd of deer, hunters seem to throw caution to the wind and take out as many of the cervine as they can, eventually hunting them to extinction and leaving no animals for the following several years.- Actions taken by the populace of each city give the player a sense of a helpful, industrious community bent on serving others and helping with daily tasks.  This is awesome and probably would be the ideal scenario for any group of people who were banished to a remote location and forced to rely on one another to survive.  I love that farmers will help carry supplies to build houses, miners will sacrifice time and energy to carry logs from the storage area to a build site, and the local brewmaster will even leave the pub to help someone down the road carry his basket of fish to the storehouse as soon as he has extra time.  However, this is hell when the player's wonderful generous workers decide to help the person waaaay on the other side of the map, or to help clear a group of trees approximately nine hundred miles away, leaving their own jobs to stagnate and become unproductive.  Upon realizing that nine hundred miles was probably slightly too far to walk in one season, they then try to return to their homes and jobs, only to become famished and cold since they apparently left without coats or a lunchbox...or a tractor trailer loaded with all the stuff they'd need to not die before they got back to town.- As it stands now, when building fields, orchards, and pastures, the player is unable to see how many workers will be required to serve at these locations once they are actually built.  While somewhat amusing, it is also pretty frustrating since this results in juggling workers back and forth unless the player has the size-to-worker ratio already memorized.- WTB: the ability to toggle trees, stone, iron, and other terrain features on and off in order to be able to see what is being built where, to be able to plan roads that actually go in a straight line, and to have better city planning ability in general.- Grats to the developer on coming up with some character names that made me laugh out loud several times.  I personally got kicks and giggles out of having three versions of the name ""Orill"" pairing up with ""Colon"" in the stone house I built for them and then surviving happily ever after presumably meeting each others needs quite well until their eighties.- Every once in a while, even the most robust woodcutter needs to see the herbalist for a remedy.  This works quite well, until the player realizes that their woodcutter should have gone much earlier, because even though his information tells the player that he is visiting the herbalist, he is hallucinating since the herbalist hut has not been built yet and said herbalist will not exist for the next two years.So, in conclusion, after a very long commentary and review, there are quite a few small tweaks to gameplay that need to be ironed out, but for a 1.0 release this game is incredible and impressive not only graphically but in its ability to release (for the most part) without a hitch.  I look forward to Banished 1.0.1 and beyond!"
,Not Recommended,242920,9245720,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Idiotech,"I really enjoyed the time I spent with it but I didn't really see a reason for me to keep playing, I saw pretty much everything the game had to offer in my first session. The brutal difficulty that had been reported by many was not something I experienced at all. I actually found the game to be a bit easy and I didn't feel challenged playing on medium difficulty. I feel that the game doesn't provide enough incentive to return unless you fail repeatedly which I didn't. It really is a wonderfull achievement on behalf of the single developer who created it, but when faced with competition such as anno it falls a little short."
,Recommended,242920,10845110,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Fight Milk,"Bulldozed a graveyard and built houses on top of it, Poltergeist style.11/10 would haunt this game again."
,Recommended,242920,10165937,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,CabooseDOTexe,"This game takes city building in a different direction. It's not like the Sim City games (The GOOD ones, so definetly not SIm City 2013) or Cities XL, which I do not own but I've soon my friends who love city building games play it and it looks good and they say it's amazing. No Banished is different from traditional city builders where what you build is dependent on the money you have and what poeple want. In those games you're the mayor of your town of >insert name here< and you are there to serve the people that move in because that's government. In Tropico you are the dictator and you have a lot more freedom though the things you do may get you in trouble and it won't take long for you to figure out what to do to succeed (Still a fun game though with a great sence of humor). In Banished, there is no one to please, no income, no hand holding and no dumbing things down just because things should be simple.Banished adds survival and RTS elements to the city building genre. You start off with a few people, a few resourses and no real instructions (which would be nice for a few things.). It's like Minecraft, there is no shame in going online to look up information on what to do and you may end up failing many times before getting the hang of the game and even then you still need to be careful. What you end up doing is creating farms, houses, tailors, woodcutters and other jobs slowly and allocate the amount of people you want to work that job and you can even adjust the max number of people allowed to work on that location. And if your like me, at least early on, you'll find yourself constently re-allocating people depending on the season. That's another thing that this game has is the seasons which will affect things like crops. For instance, you can't grow crops when there's snow during late Autumn through Winter, so during this time you move people from growing crops to other jobs.Now one might think that since the player relies that much on the citizen's A.I.'s, if the game is glitchy then they're screwed. And they'd be right. HOWEVER, that is not the case here. Aside from one issue I had with crops that might be due to the A.I., I never had a problem and seem to be someone who gets glitches most gamers don't get. It's so well made that when I fail I have no one to blame but myself. The game did what I asked it to but I should have done something different. This game is so optimized I've never had a problem with frame rate and it takes up such a small amount of hard drive space! I find it amazing that this game was made by one person where games like Day One: Garry's Incedent are made by a group of people and fail on things like collision and even things that can be fixed by simply changing a number. (Seriously, why can't the gun in that game kill people who are wearing nothing but a piece of cloth?) Or even big dev teams with a big name company backing them releasing broken, incomplete games (Looking at you EA).I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys city building. This is a game that can end up taking a lot of time out of you day. I bought it on a Friday and Sunday night I realized that not only have I not reach year 100 yet but it's actually 1 in the morning Monday and I have homework I forgot to do. This is something that has never happened to me with any city building game. Here I really felt incharge and what I say I want my people to do they will and when I fail, it's not to a glitch or poor A.I. but to my own mistake. ""I should have had more hunters and less fisherman."" or ""Should have made my sheep farm bigger."" I'm not even really one to play these types of games because I always failed at Sim City as a child. This game has definitly held my interests and I would even say it might be worth getting when it's not on sale. (Which pretty much when I buy all my games)"
,Recommended,242920,9282424,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Freerider-Dave,"BanishedA fantastic, unforgiving but rewarding city builderBanished is unlike any city builder I have played. No armies, no money just resources and population. Yes there are disasters but the real enemy in Banished is you, the player.On most city builders rapid expansion is the name of the game. In Banished, rapid expansion equals death, but on the flip side go too slow and your population can die of old age before having children which also eqauls death.It is a fantastic and challenging juggling act. Expand and the right time and at the right amount while taking into account the extra food and fuel loads on the new extra houses and population.The seasons will also play a role in farming with the snow and frost killing crops off quicker than they can be harvested.Nomads coming to your town which you can decline or accept, can add a great boost to your workforce but they can also bring diesease with them an add instant strain to your economy.I have had entire games end because I was struggling and took in a bunch of nomads (50+). My logic was more hands more resources, but by the time I realised what happened the influx of people into my village destroyed my already fragile food storage. Then suddenley an uncontrolable wave of starvation flooded my village killing 90% of it.Brutal things like this can happen so quickly which is just another reason why Banished is so fun.Incredible that this was made by a single person. Just goes to show what can be done.I have played 98 hours and completed it 100%. I have yet to use any mods and there are so many you can change the game massivley.Pro'sVery ChallengingInfinite variation of maps using random generation seedsGreat and challenging achievements for replayabilityMassive Modding Community for enhanced replayabilityThis game was made by one person and is a fantastic example of what can be doneGood soundtrack which suits the atmosphere and style of gameCon'sOnly one for me.When you get your population up past 1000, the game struggles with lag. When doing my 200 year game I got up to 1400 people and even on X10 speed the game was running in slow motion. To counter this I turned off the food supply until I had around 600 people to smooth the game back out. Lol strategic murder simulator.Freerider-Dave"
,Recommended,242920,11866991,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,jim bob,"When winter comes, you die."
,Recommended,242920,10876186,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bet,"If you look at the screenshots and see a game that you're interested in, this game is for you.  Like Anno without combat, randomly generated lands with city planning and a disaster rate you choose.This is the calmest game I've ever played.  Payday 2 is on the opposite end of the spectrum.On the same rating scale, this is near to Payday 2 in my mind.  Hard to rate this a 8/10 when the basic premise is to relax and not be so rigid with your thinking.'Moving Screenshots'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0oxBJPiq4k"
,Recommended,242920,12494517,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Far | eVoipTV,"Very addicting and fun, but does require more skill than any game in this Genre; even Civ 5. If you enjoy going through the 1100-1300s era and having citizens starving to death then this is for you. 10/10 would starve again"
76561198140375572,Recommended,242920,28394422,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,sebek_p,"Great game. Simple to understand basics, demanding to master. Resource management is crucial, you will always lack something in your town. Really worth a try."
76561198065398018,Recommended,242920,9228634,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Saylor,"I cannot believe how lost I get when playing this game. I look at the clock at one moment, and before I know it two hours have gone by. Incredibly entertaining and I hope more will be added to the game in the future!"
,Recommended,242920,9794949,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Frelonn,"Essentially, Banished is a very simplistic version of SimCity, placed in a time period where your biggest concerns were the ones directly related to survival. There's no technology or development tree or anything, allowing the player to freely choose in what ways to progress in his or her town. The citizens have vague needs, so you can choose how to satisfy them. A town can be based on any and all production facilities, and so long as you have some form of surplus, you can trade to acquire things that you yourself are not producing. Finding balance in population expansion and resource production is still a challange, and a quite enjoyable one at that. The AI of the villagers is about average though, and there are still some things that need improved, such as the deer walking across lakes and rivers... or hunters dying of starvation when there are animals in their front yard. Overall, 4 of 5 stars."
76561198063123608,Not Recommended,242920,14655984,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,HardCarry,"Picked it up on sale because it looked like a fairly decent game, but HOLY F is the AI bad. Don't expect your villagers to build the buildings that you have requested, but to instead wander 5 kilometers away from your village in the middle of winter and freeze to death while complaining they are cold."
,Recommended,242920,9243584,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"It is very early in the year but so far this is the best game that has come out so far. Think of the Anno series or Age of Empire series but have it more about survival from teh cold, food and natural disasters. The village you craft will be the new home for the banished people. Along the way you will build all kinds of things as you try to get a nice village made for you're people. Older people die, there kids get older and you have a new generation of people to deal with.It is a very challenging game, but at the same time some how relaxing (like Anno is for me), highly reccomended. Great gameplay, nice art design, fantastic atmosphere, great immersion, good UI and its just a blast to play. Mix in survival elements into the city building genre and you have my personal favorite strategy game since Anno2070 and Total War Shogun2. It really is amazing that only one person made this game. You WILL fail at times but you will learn and improve and each time you start a new game things can and will go differently but you have some new designs and ideas from previous games that might help!Go buy this game right now if you want a survival game mixed with a city building game, fantastic indie game and a early MUST BUY for 2014. Two thumbs way up from Kozzy."
,Recommended,242920,9171854,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,SonicMooseman,Accidentally killed my entire village. 10/10
,Not Recommended,242920,23758272,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,knuffiba,I was a little bit disappointed to find out that this game is already finished since I thought it was still in beta. The potential of this game is crazy but they abandoned it with a terrible AI and bugs all over the place.Nonetheless I had a lot of fun with this little game. The ones that sometimes miss Anno or Rollercoaster can revive old feelings with this. Others should probably just buy a more complex RTS game.Its fairly easy to build up an economy but there is literally no endgame content. I built the highest tier buildings in about 2 hours and then started to get bored... there are no opponents so all you have to do is watch the seasons go by and hope for a trader to offer you sheep ^^
,Recommended,242920,14555017,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Average_White_Guy,"Banished is the only game that has managed to make me shout at the top of my lungs 'WHY AREN'T THEY ♥♥♥♥ING??????""10/10 Would make my family concerned for my well being again."
,Recommended,242920,25063133,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Crake,"""Banished"" is what I would be if this town was real and I was leader of these people....Those poor people."
,Not Recommended,242920,29081978,Posted: 7 January,all,alan.kerr3,"I love simulation/city building/base building/survival games and thought this game would be a good addition to my collection. Maybe the game just isn't for me but I found that it got very boring very soon. It's hard which is good - you have to concentrate to make things work. Although it just doesn't have enough content to keep me interested.Nothing is upradable apart from a wooden house to stone house. There is no progression, only expansion (and expansion is just a replication of all existing assets but building more of the same thing). It's great having mods but even those are limited. Your townspeople characters are just duplicates of each other wearing the same clothes, the music is short and repetative and the graphics are standard 'meh'.I'm glad I bought this game on sale. Considering that for a little extra money you can get the likes of Cities: Skylines which has far more to offer. Banished feels like an unfinished early access game to me. Again, this is just my experience with the game. It seems that there are a lot of people who are enjoying this game, maybe I just don't get it."
,Recommended,242920,32794194,Posted: 25 June,all,Nightstick24,"I'm giving this a positive because it's a fun game while it lasts, and it has the potential to be quite amazing in the near future.I enjoyed Banished, but I was severely dissapointed with the lack of content. Even installing all the mods I could find the game doesn't progress so much as it persists.There is no ""end"" to the game, but there are a very limited number of buildings to make, and no progression. Once you get yourself a bustling supercity with everything you could possibly want in triplicate all that's left is staring at your city run, and cleaning up after some disaster strikes.I truly enjoy the gameplay, the villagers are interesting, the land is interesting, the game looks beautiful, AI is intelligent (most of the time), and it FEELS nice and incredibly relaxed. But there just isn't anything to DO in the game. It's the same tiny set of buildings, even with all the mods I could find. You very quickly reach a point where you're just watching your villagers go, seeing those numbers climb without anything to do.I'd give this a 5/10, I reccomend you buy it on sale, because I do believe more content will come out - either in mods or further expansion of the game - but the game is just so short that I can't give it any higher."
76561198178829623,Recommended,242920,30239914,Posted: 28 February,all,JustasUp,"Great game! Cant wait for further updates. What I'm missing is, is the ability to upgrade and research.I want my city to  grow and develop over time.Best regards."
,Recommended,242920,11108854,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ghost0203,The game where farmers and fishermen die of starvation...
76561198190801962,Recommended,242920,33908869,Posted: 30 July,all,Hvid Drage,"So I played this game for roughly 20 hrs. And got to say when first starting it, there is a challenge. But as time goes on it gets easier and easier. A great game if you enjoy resource manangement and survival themed games. Overall a good game just do know what you are getting into first."
76561198037829699,Recommended,242920,33626338,Posted: 18 July,all,yor102,"It is not your average city sim. Your people will die. A lot. And you will get better at it and make more progress. When you get the hang of it it becomes not too difficult, but you can choose a more difficult map and starting conditions. The achievements do give you a sense of direction, accomplishment and give the game quite some replayability. The focus here is heavily on management and survival.Imagine Dark Souls and choose-your-favorite-city-sim had a baby, and threw that baby into a time travelling machine that took it back to the medieval ages. And it turned out...actually great!"
76561198082203865,Recommended,242920,12965442,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Raptor,Great game! Recommended for all gamers that love city building. It's simplistic game style is easy to love and yet the game can get wonderfully complicated at times making an unpredictably crazy game to conquer.
,Recommended,242920,10922707,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Liberteer,"Why do we play games, any kind of games? Basically, we want to have fun, but we also want to experience an ideas in safe environment, without suffering the consequences. The thing that excites since the dawn of gaming industry are god/manager/tycoon games, games that let players experience what is it like to run something and to be alpha and omega behind the whole idea.Comparison of indie wonder Banished with Simcity series might come in handy if we want to explain to someone what this game is about in the term of mechanics. Yes, it's a city builing-management game, but it is also much more than that. It is a war of nerves, fast decisions and perfect example of hard, but satisfying gameplay.You start to build your city with certain number of families and objects, depending on starting difficulty. Terrain is random. You gather resources, handle building, give instructions to people. You'll need to provide shelter, gather wood, stone, iron, chop it to firewood to keep everyone warm. Gather berries, hunt and fish. As the game progresses, you'll start building schools to educate kids, mines and quarries to dig deeper in search for stone, coal and iron, you'll expand over rivers. Your city will be visited by traders from all around that will bring more seeds, more different trees, various cattle. But the traders will also bring diseases, your town will catch fire, there will be other disasters... The summers seem so short and winters so harsh. People will be born. People will grow up. People will die. Frozen. Starved. Or just of an old age. You'll see local cemetery growing every year and respect the sacred ground, knowing it is the final resting place to people who gave  everything for a growing city...Graphics and sounds of Banished are there to sooth you and to help you concentrate on numbers. Lot of green color will make your eyes relaxed and ready for long hours...Banished isn't an easy game. You will face numerous challenges, even with the help of guides and tutorials. You'll be on the brink of extinction, but the game is fair - so it is possible to fall down and rise to be powerful again. That's the most beautiful thing about Banished - it's rewarding and it makes you quit the game and go to bed happy and fulfilled - even when you lose everything, it makes you come back for more.And when the game does that - that's why we play it over and over again.***If you like this review, feel free to join me for some more recommendations athttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/libereviews"
,Recommended,242920,12046132,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,BLIMINGTON BUTT,"Once you figure out how to progress without starving/freezing all your citizens, it takes off quite nicely. The challenge is at a good place, and it's really addicting. It's exactly what I was looking for in a city building game. I watch Netflix on my other monitor while I build my towns, haha.I'm hoping it will expand with some DLC in the near future; maybe with more structures/commodities like music/entertainment, law enforcement, Bakeries/butchers, faster travel like horse and carriage and even trains and boats eventually. Maybe even different cultures/architecture etc. I'd love to get some Chinese or other Asian style cultures/architecture in there; even South American and Arab and get more varied environments (jungles, deserts, swamps etc).I'd definitely be happy to purchase more DLC/content from this developer for this game, and I'd love to see what else they have in store for the future!Well worth the money if you like a challenging city building game. It doesn't advertise one thing and then ends up being something else. They don't try anything new or risky; it's honestly just good, wholesome city building and resource gathering. Love it."
76561198196918785,Not Recommended,242920,21196231,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,huntstheman,"I love banished, with my heart and part of my soul (the rest to Rainbow Six Seige)I love building my city, getting things from the workshop to make it easier.But I really love the graphics, sound, and AI. Nobody is dumb, all AI act lively. Sounds and graphics make up the most to this stunning game.Yet, why the bad review?Simply one thing, and one thing only.Contentwithout getting new buildings from the workshop, the game seems dull with only like 20 buildings. It is very plain, as it shows that you can build a huge kingdom, when I feel like I am just building a small colony.What can Banished to to be better?1. An easier mode to start with. (I'm bad)2. WAY more buildings, like- bank, or barracks. (this leads to my 3rd)3. Military- Nomads will come and ask to be part of your village. How about a mode where they can go to war with you? Make people become soldiers, armed with weapons and armor, all could be made in a barracks. The blacksmith can make weapons and provide to the barracks which will distribute to soldiers. Send them off to fight or defend. Build walls and towers. Can't be attacked more than once within 4 years or something. Better weapons and armor can be researched in maybe a new building.4. Quests- Maybe merchants will tell you, ""Get me a treasure buried somewhere over there"" or ""Defeat the nearby nomads"" to earn food, XP (will be explained in 5th), or livestock.5. The ability to, after doing challenges or quests to earn XP, progress to the next age or era. From the colonial age to modern, build an empire. (maybe to ambitious)6. Realistic government- you can make rules, like nobody can own more than 2 weapons, or must work for food, or even pay taxes in whatever you choose.7. Currency, like real currency. You choose this at the start- Whether you start to use money or coins at currency at your village, people around will. Use these to buy♥♥♥♥♥♥from merchants. From the 6th, taxes would be whatever currency you use.Hope the developers see this. Please vote up and comment suggestions."
76561198012008313,Recommended,242920,31168142,Posted: 15 April,all,Reedtanguerra,"This game is a riot! It's also relaxing, engrossing and highly addictive. A lovely city builder game!Here's how my last couple hours of play went:~Builds happy little 30 person town with cute wooden houses & hunter/gatherer people~Forgets to build mine, runs out of iron tools, the workers get less efficient and gather less food~Famine and half the town dies.~Gah~Rebuilds happy little 30 person town population~Has mine and iron tools now~All the houses are wooden, cannot produce firewood to heat homes fast enough~Half the town freezes to death~Gah!~Converts half the houses into stone houses that need less firewood~Rebuilds happy little 30 person town again~Tornado blows through town and destroys market, industrial sector and town hall~GAH!! xD(I am playing the hard difficulty level, but oy lol)"
,Recommended,242920,34743532,Posted: 4 September,all,§ku££monkië,Banished is a peaceful city builder.  There is no combat in the stand alone game.  Take your refugee population and build a city from the groudn up.  Feed your villagers and they will procreate.  Keep your villagers happy!This is a fun city builder in a laid back and easy enviornment.  Lots of things to do from trading to building.
,Recommended,242920,31745330,Posted: 14 May,all,Minyee.,"This is really an amazing game. I've played it quite awhile ago,  got bored. But after some time, I got the interest to play Banished again. Colonial is almost as good as a whole new content.Mind you, once you started, you probably ends when you gets tired which is probably few hours later. Great game to play!"
,Recommended,242920,20420524,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Deville,"If you enjoy the Anno games, you will also enjoy this one, although it isn't just a simple clone and much less complex.You will notice it is made by a single person, its mechanics are not very deep and you have seen it all rather soon.Nevertheless, I really enjoy this game. even though I probably won't play it for hundreds of hours.It's a lovely game where you can watch and follow each citizen during their daily routine. In German this would be called a high ""Wuselfaktor"".The mechanics itself are explained in a neat tutorial and are easy to understand, but (medium) hard to master.It's well worth the money, even if you do not play it for a very long time, especially when bought during a sale."
,Recommended,242920,9872584,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Betelgeuse,"My wife introduced me to this game, and I have to say it brings a soft spot to my heart. Very easy to pick up and play; and watching your community grow and thrive is rewarding. I can't help but wish that there were more threats besides natural disasters, however. I would happily pay for DLC's that added predators or other enemies. Some prevailing bugs and a lack of content are the only things keeping this one-man game from becoming a masterpiece. Still fun to play, though. Hopefully it will improve over time."
,Recommended,242920,24945122,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,andrebads,"This is the Dark Souls of city building. Prepare for many, many restarts and rage bursts."
,Recommended,242920,9173096,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,George Lucas,"Great game, worth the money! :)"
,Recommended,242920,9738780,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,jay,I finally got a chicken and i've never been so happy. :'D
,Not Recommended,242920,32989064,Posted: 29 June,all,DivineBeast,"Fun enough for the first three hours, where I struggled to keep a village afloat for more than 5 years.Then I figured out what to do first and what to do later, and my city trhived, and...that's it. No additional gameplay emerges. Every building and construction is unlocked from the start. Houses have exactly two levels of development- wood and stone. Every building has exactly one state, no growth whatsoever. The whole game is just expanding your village and maintaining balance, with the exact same content, forever. All progression and discovery was exhausted within 3 and a half hours of playtime, and I regret that I didn't learn how to ""win"" in under 2 hours, and cannot refund the game."
,Not Recommended,242920,13275357,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,NecrolyteSoul,"I would actually give this game a ""Not Sure"" rating. This is an amazing game and piossibly the best strategy/survival sumulator I have played. I did enjoy it and wouldn't change anything, but would at least add things but I was forced to stop playing because after 15hrs of playing, I feel like that one person who actually ready that one shirt ""How do yo keep an idiot busy? (see back of shirt). For me, the equivalent was spending hours on maps just to hit a brick wall when you reached a point where everyone died of stupidity, or at least the precipice of the programming.Cons:-After 10 plus maps that I spent hours trying to sustain a population of 12+ and making a town, those 10+ games ended with people starving within an hour+ into the game. The one before last everybody was hungry, there was no food, even though I had 4 crop fields, two orchards, a hunting cabin, a fishing area, and a gatherer. My very last game made me quit, because I was building houses for my homeless people when they suddenly just stopped all building at 30% and walked around aimlessly. I used the priority tool, I made everyone builders, I needed another stock pile for everything they had (I even had a Market Place) yet they all idled all over the land, far from even where they were supposed to be working as farmers. In the end, the 12 people I ended with were content to share two houses when they needed warmth instead of building the 5 houses they were supposed to build and use just to wander around aimlessly with 'House' symbols over their head, giving up their jobs just to starve to death. Tell them to tear a tree down it's a mass exodus to fullfill that one order. After that, wander aimlessly, some even winding up roughly the equivalent of 300+ feet away from anything that was being built or farmed. I had built a school to teach how not to be stupid, but that remained undone at 10%.Pros:-This is a wonderful game, the graphics are nice, it's really is beautiful, the controls are easy and I got the hang of it in no time, but this glitch or whatever it is that makes them stop, make it stop. I will continue to play this game, but I will use the Debug tool just so I can pop in more people that can just walk around aimlessly and not build a damn thing.So to all reading, yet I have played this game for 15 hrs, yes I played multiple maps and started differently in every way, always created a food source and homes first, used the priority tool when needed. Only on my last two attempts did I create the Hunter's Cabin first instead of after the crops and it worked out wonderfully, untill everyone just stopped building, eating and caring. I wasted all this try trying so many thing to make this game work for me and trying to convince myself it was just this map or this save got corrupted, but after 15hrs of trying to convince yourself, I let go og the ghost and decided to walk away from the money and hours wasted and trying to revive a dying horse and just went to play with another one.This game must have a bug because I am not the only one who has issues with this and had used attempts that others have suggested.NOTE: *This is my personal opinion and thoughts of the game, not an overall proffesional view if the game for general audience to use as a guide. As with many reviews and opinions, take this with a grain of salt and do your own research.*although this is based on actual gameplay and research done on others who have had same issues. My issue remains unsolved and unresolved."
,Recommended,242920,26986425,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Henry Read,Best of simulation game I ever played.Strongly recommended....
,Not Recommended,242920,12803055,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Validuz,Absolutely wonderfull city/town building game...Untill everyone dies for no reason at all.Extremely inconsistent and random in how resource production works. Sometimes your foodstores will actually be overfilled. And the next time everyone starves to death. The same population and the same ammount of workers.Kinda feels like playing Black & White without the power of a god to assisst the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI.
76561198006085098,Recommended,242920,9171106,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,_[D]uGGeRz_,great game! and for the price its a BARGAIN!
76561198004678281,Not Recommended,242920,14776703,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Candy Corpse,"I really wish I could recommend this game, but I just cant.There is but one way to play the first hour or so of every mission, stray from it and you end up losing very fast, mostly by starvation or death by old age.Once you know how the game is played, its pretty much rinse and repeat every mission and straying from that tactics will end the game as mentioned above.That's really not my understanding of a sand box strategy game and all the great graphics in the world dont change that."
76561198118655909,Not Recommended,242920,15064438,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,FlyingHamHam,"For any games, once one discovers a dominant strategy that can be repeatedly utilized to win any possible scenario, then there is no point in continue playing it.  The dominant strategy for Banished is this1) build a gathering hut in a large forest, prioritize-build it while the others go gather wood, stone, and iron in ANOTHER forest, put four people in it after it's finished.2) build a forester lodge beside the hut when enough wood and stone are gathered, put four people in it after it's finished, switch laborers to focus on stone and iron3) build enough houses to house the families, construct woodcutters, then either a taylor or a blacksmith, depending on whether you need more clothing or tools.4) build other buildings as resources come in, but always leave a surplus of food of around 100xpopulation, 10xpopulation of firewood; 2xpopulation of clothing and tools is recommended if playing conservatively.5) priortize houses as they are important for growth. They are where babies are made, and 30-something siblings living with their 70-something parents ain't going to make kids.Even on small mountaineous map with harsh climate, on hard difficulty, presumably the hardest starting scenario, one can double the population by year 10 just by doing the above, and get to 50 by year 20 is not out of the question.  The dominant factor for this game is the availability of space for more housing, balance against the food production buildings and wooded areas for firewood.  Variables like education and chapels are merely cosmetics that increase the efficiency of space, but not necessarily needed to grow your town.  As for natural disasters, since your town is likely separated into several parts by bodies of water, and as far as I can tell fire doesn't go through water, and tornados don't wreck more than one part of town, if one has enough of a surplus, one can easily rebuild and those are not game-changing disasters.So survival is simple.  If you like a game that you can play while playing another game on another computer, this is recommended.  This is a solved game; but people continue to play tic-tac-toe even though it's analytically uninteresting, so others may differ in opinion.Edit -- this is an evaluation of the vanilla game; perhaps with mods there will be enough complexity to make it less linear."
76561198008573453,Not Recommended,242920,9189053,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Godgiven,"Actually I have only one thing to add all had been said before. The game might be purchased by the fans of genre, but not with that high price. It doesn't cost that. By the same price you may purchase a game AAA-class. Its a shame developer is so greed for his dilettante product. The cost should be 5 dollars or less."
76561198097994464,Recommended,242920,13593359,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Konar,It's like Grand Theft Auto but with more accidental murder...
76561198124658787,Recommended,242920,13739339,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,I NooB,Please remember to choose the LARGE terrain size :)
,Recommended,242920,9494751,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ttam,It's an inbreeding simulator that makes you care way too much about fish.
,Recommended,242920,9288382,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Tibbs,"Do you like pain? Hardship? Crying? Yes? Then this is the game for you!Packed with exciting features such as disease, natural disasters, fires and - my personal favourite - hunger, Banished is sure to have you sobbing into your hands and swearing at your monitor as yet another town goes to hell in a flaming handbasket!Think your town is going too well? Never fear! Banished is sure to squash your hopes and dreams under the big foot of failure as soon as things get a little too good, so you won't have to experience the sweet joy of success.Have fun!"
,Recommended,242920,13850068,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,[DBH]*Whismerhill*{SSgt},"Banished makes me think of The Settlers (the original one) without the battlesThe Settlers however is more about goods management & transportation, whereas Banished is more about survivalBanished is one of those games when I see it, I think of Banished 2 and all the little improvements you could add on top(interface & all) great game I love it."
76561198055080208,Recommended,242920,33823485,Posted: 26 July,all,DragonBath,"Idea for the Devs: The ability to designate Storage (Specifically Stock Piles) for specific or individual resources. I would love to be able to specify only Wood to certain Stock and only Iron/Coal to others, etc. I don't like using mods, it makes it feel like cheating indirectly. :)I'm a humongous fan of RTS and medieval style games and this game is freaking fantastic!Its mellow and not inordinately stressful, and there isn't a combat system, which may drive a few away, but its super engaging and isn't a walk in the park (unless you choose all of the easy setings *cough*)The animations are pretty minimal, and the game isn't very heavy on system resources, so I can run it on my tablet PC as well. Right now I'm pushing for the Achievements, which isn't the easiest thing in the world, but all it needs is a bit of game-knowledge and a few lucky years of minimal accidents to succeed.All in all, very worth the sale price, and I would definetly recommend it to anyone who likes relaxing games, with a side of strategic planning and some (minimal) resource management.Honestly, playing on the easiest settings and taking it slow is still really fun. It isn't the most mentally strenuous that way, but is still very fun."
,Recommended,242920,19874461,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Argyll,"Challenging, yet fun.Colonial Charter mod is recommended for more resource depth and historical theme."
76561198035696737,Recommended,242920,30952721,Posted: 4 April,all,GreenPea,This was a fairly fun game if you like mangement of resources and have some patience. It will eventually get to be a bit repetitive but this will likely happen after you've played the game for dozens of hours.
,Recommended,242920,9570428,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,재재,Banished is everything you want in a citysim. The game itself is difficult but not complex. The graphics are beautiful. The map seed and starting variations make every play unique with challenging terrain. The perfect way to spend a lazy afternoon. I dare you to try for all the achievements.
,Recommended,242920,22705717,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TattoodMama28,"When I buy a game, I call  it 'good enough' if I can get $1 per hour of good play. I paid $20 for this game. I have 150+ hours on playing it, as of this review. I'd say it is definitely worth the money. This is quite possibly the most challenging, addicting and frustratingly fun sim game I've ever played, hands down. There are mods for it, if the player is interested, which make it even better and more addicting. My dislike? Dishes don't wash themselves, my laundry doesn't wash itself, dogs don't feed themselves and all of the above mentioned takes away time from gameplay!"
76561198015257791,Recommended,242920,9227424,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Lucky,"Nine hour marathon stint when I first got this game. Built up a beautiful town, invested so much time, effort and spirit. Loved each street like a home-town I never knew. Watched a tornado seek out everything I loved and destroy it in it's entirety. Spend ten minutes screaming in the fetal position, at 2:30 in the morning. Get♥♥♥♥♥kicked by flatmates, would buy again."
,Recommended,242920,9177225,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Captain Stu,"I've been following the development of this game since finding out about it in April of last year. I was immediately interested and had some questions so I emailed the developer. Let's clarify that, its one guy. ONE. I emailed and minutes later he replied. This guy isn't just a talented coder (READ HIS BLOG!) but also a great, all around dude. Also, this game is amazing. Actually scheduled the day off of work just to play it on release. Its ""sim city"" enough that my simulation needs are covered, introduces enough ""Sims""-like stats to make you actually care about the populace (something the Sim (tm) games never did well). And then it adds lots of new things. Its also quite pretty.TLDR? If you like simulation-type games, you'll love this. At this point its likely my favorite simulation game and it will definitely be geting many more hours of my time, and multiple copies purchased for family members.Way to go Shining Rock! :D"
,Recommended,242920,34852030,Posted: 9 September,all,Asparagus,"Hard at first but once you figure out the order things you need to build and where, you've got nowhere else to go but up... Firewood for trading is amazing.10/10 would build a bridge to nowhere just to get the Golden Gate achievement <3"
76561198041434130,Recommended,242920,28774928,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,69ingchipmonks,Love the game itself but the playability past 6 hrs demishes fast. I end up looking my village and wondering why I cant make an army to go fight and control other lands or why cant I build a wonder or something like that. It is the same several buildings after a bit
,Recommended,242920,25766141,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Oscarius II,"Frustratingly addictive. Suddenly I'm pinning blueprints to my wall, planning work rosters, building layouts, and project timeframes... needs some violence in there though."
76561198024693052,Recommended,242920,10566899,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ya Boi - Skinny Penis,"Pure and perfect city builder game, but somehow is still ridiculously difficult. Prepare to watch people starve your first attempts."
76561198040371765,Not Recommended,242920,22248092,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Replica,"Alright, so first and foremost, the game IS pretty interesting and has a great concept.It's basically a really neat city builder kind of game set in a pretty simple medieval-esque setting, no combat, no deeper overlaying faction mechanics, diplomacy, nada, just survival in the wilderness, and making your little halmet grow.And that's really cool and great and all -- when you have everything perfectly and tediously set up beforehand.See, the problem is, that as your town starts growing, your citizens AI begins to act haywire.Even getting them to their very best, ie issuing them warm coats, giving them proper education, making sure they are healthy and well fed, and clear stone paths to their general work areas, they will still get stuck in these asinine chain of actions that can ultimately kill your town or make simple instructions take up towards a while year.Like take a builder for example.You instruct your builders to build say, a fishing dock, relatively nearby the town, set that junk to be prioritized (which is a function that does virtually nothing).The builder will (not neccesarily in this order, and also sometimes several times until completion):1) Go pick up stones from the entirely opposite end of the village to store in the stockpile2) Go pick up food twice3) Walk to the construction site, store some building materials, and do something entirely different4) Go visit the herbalist 20 times5) Walk to the construction site, and then decide to walk all the way back home because he feels cold6) Walk to the construction site, build 1%, and then go do something else7) Go build 3 tiles of road somewhere else8) Go visit the herbalist, againAnd this sort of thing applies to any profession that has the citizen walking anywhere, so imagine what a sucker I felt like seeing my 15 laborers ignore cutting down the prioritized tree farm for a whole year and making my town freeze to death twice.Like damn man, I used to play Dwarf Fortress of all games, so I really do want to consider myself to be patient with strange AI behavior, but this game just gets absurd with that sometimes, to the point where it can be completely game breaking.A lot of people talk about how the game is hard too.And sure, it can be a bit of a challenge early on while you set everything up, but once you are starting to stabilize things you kinda start to get the impression that a large part of the ""difficulty"" is actually related to how terrible the AI can be at doing their tasks.So look, it's a pretty sweet game overall, so by all means do buy it and try it out.Just be prepared to savescum and get endlessly frustrated by your citizens AI a bunch."
76561198050724199,Recommended,242920,9172487,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Lord.Deezy,Everything I hoped it was gonna be. A+ Sir. You have a customer for life... cheers!
76561198019169239,Not Recommended,242920,12801110,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,walkabout2001,there should be a maybe recommend choice. hours of play. After a few failed plays. Filled the largest screen with houses etc...now what...there is not a now what.  Finished....
76561198069473394,Recommended,242920,9171182,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Migeli,Great game. Always wanted something like this.
,Recommended,242920,9178311,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,DocHollis,"If you've been looking for a good looking ""graphical DF"" - Look no further. Banished is a deep and rewarding experience that can feel either zen-like, and at some times, extremely stressful. You will (try to) keep your citizens, well-fed, happy, healthy and live a productive life in general. Banished is actually one of the few ""civilization management"" games that i've actually felt attatched to the characters. They're born, go to school and work their lives away at trying to further their civilization only to end up dying in the end...BUT, their children and their childrens children will carry on and that's something that really strikes me with this game. Seriously though, it's an incredible experience, and it was all crafted at the fingertips of one man. This man deserves every penny he makes. 10/10 - A Must Buy"
76561198097395787,Not Recommended,242920,22848467,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,buggthewaitingman,"This is not a completed game. And before you think ""well, he's probably asking too much"" I want to point out that I don't mean in a 90% kind of way, but in a 30% kind of way... The first 30% of the game is there, I can't deny that. There is a genuine satisfaction in overcoming the first obstacles and trying to form your little village. Alloting the work so that there is no shortage of food, wood etc. Building the structures in such layout so that everything works in the best possible way. There is even the added effect of season change. You eventually reach the best part of the game where you can trade with other villages for otherwise inaccessible resources. Aaand that's where the game ends.The choice of buildings is meagre to say the least. 2 types of houses. If that's not the bare minimum then what is? 1 type? You can pretty much build all the available structures after 4-5 hours of playing.The villagers could well have been simply dots on a map, lacking any kind of realism. They move around at random, deep inside the forest or hovering around buildings. There is no pattern to work around and no sense of recreation or resting. They follow a random program of their own, in the absence of a night/day cycle at times farmers will suddenly drop everything and return to their homes.The units of resources make no sense. The balance if you manage to find it is extremely precarious, one small change (like a disaster that kills a small percentage of your population) can have irreversible effects leading to a close extinction simply because there are no factors that work to pull the system back together. 2 farmers die -> 100 units of food are missing -> the forester dies of starvation -> 20 logs missing -> the fisherman freezes to death ---> and the population spirals to almost half the original one.This is just another example of the decline of the game industry. More than a decade ago, a game like Evil Genius was released offering hundreds of hours of gameplay with numerous types of units with excellent AI. Minions that didnt wonder around aimlessly but started conversations with each other or seeked various types of recreation. The game had depth, with countless unlockable objects, new rooms, new quests, a change of island. And now we get Banished.. A game stuck eternally in Beta with no hope of improving. Graphics slightly (if at all) better than Evil Genius and that's about it. The developer probably left this game forever, cashed in with fake promises and spent a week in Barbados.I don't understand economics so I don't know what the best move for us the community is. If we buy it then we're accepting the bad quality of gaming. If we don't buy it then the city builder genre amongst many others that are not CoD related may simply die out. In any case this game is bad, unfinished."
,Recommended,242920,27751972,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,armadaxster,Harder than it looks. It goes crazy after a while.
,Not Recommended,242920,16509677,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dave,"My village, 20 years in, 4 hours of gameplay, just died out. Why? Because no one had sex. They were happy, they were healthy, there was space, but no child birth in 15 years. I watched the population dwindle, after it dipped below 10 I stopped them working in the mines and in the fields, I let them enjoy a life of relaxation. Did that make a difference? No. They just slowly died out. And when the last of them finally died, the game didn't even end, no ""you lose"", nothing.Everything else about this game was great and maybe, although I have googled what happened, I just did something wrong, but the fact that this happened made it very unenjoyable so I would recommend you avoid it."
,Not Recommended,242920,18877010,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,max2veg,"In short:As it is right now, I did enjoy ""Banished"" for a few hours but that's about it. It's very simplistic and unrealistic. The overall concept is great, but nothing new. It has full 3D graphics and you can rotate seamlessly the view 360 degree, though that's really not even necessary and in the end is more a gimmick. Same with tilting up / down and zooming in / out. Overall, Banished is beautiful, yet VERY simplistic in terms of game mechanics, AI and UI. Beautiful graphics (well, they're not mind-blowing) alone don't make a good product, that's what most devs forget. I rather have more simplistic graphics, but much more sophistication and complexity in a game (AKA ""Factorio"" or ""Prison Architect"").Because of that, in the end I just can't recommend to get it (unless it's on sale and you don't care about the things I point out below), I got it on sale for $5 and might hop into it at some point again for some casual entertainment, but for something challenging that I can really get into, I rather load up Factorio or Prison Architect.So, if you're interested, here are (some of) the issues I have with it:1.Not enough stats output (graphs) - for example, how efficient is someone at their work? Or at least, how efficient is a work-space? Is demand met with supply? It's common sense that you've got those graphs, to effectively manage people (whether that's in a business or colonists trying to establish a town or an established city).2. Too much micro-management due to ""flawed"" AI...2.a. For example, you have a storage barn with food in it. You build another one so you can relocate to another area (there's no way you can do that in the first year, you have to settle, even just temporarily, at that location!) and want to move everything from the previous one to the new one. So you give a demolish order to the old one so that everything is moved over to the new one as soon as that one's built (or even if you wait until it's built, doesn't matter). Yet, as soon as you give the demolish order, everything in it, food, tools, ... will become unavailable to those people. Until it's transferred to the new storage barn and put in there.  Which results in the people starving to the point of dying. Makes perfect sense, right?2.b. Those people don't seem like virtual versions of humans, but rather robots that look like and have the needs of humans. If I'd be starving, I'd refuse first of all to go long distances to some remote place, knowing that I'd starve on the way there or back; secondly, I'd eat at least a little bit, to the point that I won't starve; third of all, the devs obviously never heard of jerky / dried fruits and veggies!? Why aren't those people taking some food and water along. I mean, come on, that's common sense.2.c. In RL nobody goes mining / hunting / exploring w/o even the smallest of a backpack. Or goes to work without taking food along (unless you have a cafeteria at your job), even if it's close-by - instead, in Banished, every time someone gets hungry, they walk all the way to their living quarters to eat. Do you know anyone who doesn't work from home and does that? That's very rare to happen, even in a settlement like that where people don't have a 8-5 job but sometimes have to work from 5 in the morning until 8 at night or whenever the sun goes down, to get as much work done during daylight (I know somewhat from personal experience, and I know people who have done that kind of work and told me about how rough it is and what they had to do).2.d. The ""wildlife"" (well, there's only one kind, which are deer)... where should I start... For once, they're running all over the place, through your settlement(s), eating right next to where you mine / build / ...; not to mention there's only one kind - the aforementioned deer. No rabbits or other smaller animals. There are also no predators (bears, wolves, ...) in Banished.3. I'm also not fond of (because it creates a disconnect from reality) how time has been implemented... basically, your settles have babies, raise their children, they become eventually old enough to work and then at some point they die due to old age (or before then, due to accidents). All good stuff.  Also, it implements seasons and each of the four are further divided by three (early, mid and late). However, your ""banished"" people age rapidly within a year. I haven't paid full attention but I think it takes about three in-game years for people to go through their full life cycle. I understand that you can't obviously play the game in real-time, but all this could've still been implemented much better.4. In connection to what I just mentioned in 3. regarding time, this also becomes very obvious when building structures or harvesting resources (actually that's another point but I'll just say it here - you have 3 resources for building, that's it: wood logs, stone and metal - not even different types of metals; and two types of fuel, which is fire wood from cut up wood logs, and coal)... it can take a whole month to build a wooden house (one part of a season), yet it takes about the same time to create a fully functional mine.5. The UI and font both do not scale with your screen resolution, same goes for the location placement of the windows. Also, they don't ""snap"" to each other's borders. Again, it's usable, but just the way everything is implemented, is just very simplistic."
,Recommended,242920,10875734,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,dfaKNOX,I had a village of over 300 healthy  citizens when a tornado ripped through one summers day.  It was horrifying.  It was fantastic. The survivors then starved to death.My wife found my grief enjoyable and now plays Banished.
76561198031260263,Recommended,242920,12365681,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Erik Taurus,"This game is awesome!My initial thought was that it had similarities to ""Black and White"" but without the pet and godly interactions and with more focus and details on the city management.The excellent tutorials gets you started then you'll spend the rest of the week, month or perhaps year to learn how to build a large town.I've read some complaints about bugs and instablities, with 120+ hrs spent to this day, without a single crash I'd say it's very stable and sure there are some bugs, but which game hasnt?I've been interested in this game for a while now, but forgot about it until one day I was given a coupon* for this game.And to be honest, I regret not buying it sooner!There are however some problems.This game isvery unforgiving, make a mistake early and you'll regret it much later.This game isvery addictive. It is about the same level as Civilization.""One more year""*As I token of forgivness from Steam I like to hope as I bought Rising Storm."
76561198054205906,Recommended,242920,9297302,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Statewide,There are 8 year old workers.11/10
76561197983851026,Recommended,242920,9640092,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,jthwilliams,"May eat away at your life several hours at a time.I like this game, but it takes a lot of micromanagement.   Specifically, food generation is both critical and labor intensive.  So producing enough food for your villege to make it through the year seems to take a good deal of your potential laborers for all of the spring, and summer.   When you have finally collected all the food, to repurpose a laborer, you must first quit them from the farm before you can assign them another role.Still a fun way to slowly realize it is 2am and you have work in the morning."
,Recommended,242920,9270598,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,megs,"This should be renamed ""Starving Simulator 2k14""10/10 would recommend"
76561198021548752,Recommended,242920,33467987,Posted: 11 July,all,scubapro249,"This game is so chill if you play on 1x speed and wait for everything to get completed. There is a sense of growth and accomplishment as you finally feel self-sustaining on food, wood, etc."
,Recommended,242920,9261798,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Trentosaurus,My blacksmith got bored one day and emptied out everything from the stock pile then went home.Later everybody was compaining that there wasn't any firewood and a house with only an 11 year old had 3200 potatoes.10/10
,Recommended,242920,13676841,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sindel,"After 10 months of playing, I figured I should review the game. I know enough at this point to make an informed opinion, right?The first thing you should know is that there is no story, nor is there an ""end game"". I see so many people complaining about that in their reviews. This game follows the lives of your little group of settlers and all of their offspring. They are born, they get married, they breed, they die. Some of them go to school, some of them don't, some farm, some hunt-- ALL of them will, at some point, do something to infuriate you. But how can there be an ""end game"" in a city builder? It goes completely against the point of building, if you have to stop.This game is flawed, yes. There are bugs. People tend to freeze up when their houses catch fire, which is unfortunate. Playing on easy is usually more difficult than playing on hard. Traders only travel by water (slowly), but nomads only travel by land, and in groups that get larger and larger until you have to start turning them away. My favorite, though, is when people starve even though you have an enormous surplus of food. I've encountered this one a lot. All Messica has to do is go to the storage barn to get food, but noooooooooooo, she goes walking in the forest instead.Then dead.There are a lot of positives as well. Your AI is unpredictable, so even if you do the same thing over and over again, they won't. They graphics and sounds are beautiful. And it's true to life. Your mines and quarries will eventually dry out, deforestation causes not only a lack of trees, but a lack of food in that area, too. The maps themselves make you want to see just how big you can push your village, but there's such a delicate balance between growth and resources. It's incredibly hard to find it. I'm still learning how to do things better, even after the amount of time I've put in.Tl;dr- Sure, the game still has bugs, but it was made and is being maintained by one guy. AI is wonky, game can get repetitive, but, as far as city-builders go, Banished is one of the best ever made."
,Recommended,242920,14419802,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,dixie18402,"Unfortunately, this is the game that I will forever use as a standard for other city building games. Banished is marvelous, an absolute thrill to play. The in game economy is very complex and diverse and can quickly screw you if you aren't careful. The city building aspect is difficult, time consuming and very believable.In order to survive, you need only provide houses for population growth, diverse food stores for consumption, clothing to keep the cold off, firewood to warm houses and tools to work with. With each new house, 2-4 children are born that need to be fed, clothed and educated (potentially). Each new citizen requires a rethink of food stores, clothing and tool supplies. If you build too many houses at one time, your people will risk starvation or dying from exposure. These things happen before you can even begin to consider a solution. If your people start dying, you will lose much needed workers. If you don't have enough farmers, even more people starve. If you choose to make all your tool makers farm for a season, you will run out of tools, resulting in extremely slow crop production and people will starve. If this wasn't bad enough, you also have to provide your citizens with a variety of food products to maintain ultimate health. People can't live on cabbage alone, they also need grains, protein and fruits to remain healthy.This is by far my favorite city building game. It has unlimited replay-ability and will keep you entertained for hours, even if half of your time is spent screaming at the screen in an attempt to make your farmers work more quickly, or trying to figure out how one of your builders got stuck in an icy tundra in the middle of winter with no clear path home (I mean seriously how does this keep happening??)"
,Recommended,242920,23146637,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Some1xx,"A beautiful and well made town builder and management game.Banished can take a little practice to get the hang of with to start with but when you get going you can build up a really large town able to sustain itself.There's a good amount of resources to to collect and a wide variety food grow, gather and hunt.There's no progression in the sense that you unlock new buildings or features, everything is available for you from the start so you can build up how you wish.Your village can spiral out of control into disaster if you're not careful, especially near the beginning or if you're hit by a natural disaster. Such as lack of tools which bring all of your production down and makes even more chaos.One thing to watch out for is the colonists can get a little greedy and take all available food when there's only a small amount in stock, leaving none for others and letting them starve.The base game does lack buildings and you can soon feel as though you've built everything in a short time, there's plenty of mods to download but I would have liked to have seen more in the game.Biggest problem with the game is the frame-rate when reaching 1,000+ population, for me it became unplayable so you will need to keep that in mind when building a village across the whole map.Overall it's a great game and plenty of time can be spent, there's some nice achievements you can work towards if you like extra challenges/goals..Definitely worth a buy if you like builders and/or management games."
,Recommended,242920,9310129,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,SNOR,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game be good.The idea of a pure citybuilder in medieval times is great.The whole game is just about survival, it needs a few fixes, mainly the somewhat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI.Once a villager is starving they'll go looking for food, but sometimes skip full warehouses?Overall the game is really good and I'm looking forward to the patches."
,Recommended,242920,9369096,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,PostalPatriot,"Its like a hardcore version of sim city but simple, and challenging"
,Recommended,242920,26977275,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KT,"Good game and makes you use the ""brain cells""!"
76561197993600526,Recommended,242920,9440306,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,DeCoNtAiN,What a relaxing way to get angry!
,Recommended,242920,10922971,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,weemcast,"Game is Awesome. It's relaxing, and there is always things to do. I'm currently starting up my second run! Check it out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fx8fKppzY64"
76561198094973365,Recommended,242920,33761025,Posted: 24 July,all,Krylancelo,Nice relaxing game that becomes infuriating if your doing it wrong
76561198041085059,Not Recommended,242920,14794176,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mokipoki,"I don't think I can recommend this game, as the mechanics that work behind the scenes aren't refined. I wish there was a priorities system, but unfortunately the main priority is always hauling things--even if the settlers aren't laborers. Builders tend to build when they want to and some houses will hoard 50 fish while the other house next to them is starving to death. What sh*tty neighbors. :DI really like the concept of the game, but I can't seem to last more than a few years before things get stagnant.Also children are freeloading jerks--they don't even haul anything. They just f**k off and walk around. But at least they become adults at age 10."
,Recommended,242920,9227830,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mahnogard,"Oh my. So I just got this game. Played less than two hours so far, and most of that was going through the tutorials. I thought the tutorials were excellent. They don't cover every detail, but rather give a functional overview of the basics, and most people can sort out the rest from there, I'd think. So then I start. Building my first town, going along nicely, staying on top of food needs and such, and... and...Someone died.He froze to death. A man FROZE to death because he didn't have enough firewood! I felt awful. It... it actually hurt. So soon? So sad.WAIT! WHAT??? I have a woodcutter that should be handling that sort of thing. What the heck is my woodcutter doing over there???I click on the woodcutter. He's not working, he's idling. He's messing around while people are freezing to death! I started yelling at the computer. You lazy jerk! Get back to work! Are you insane????Yeah, I probably didn't build the woodcutter as early as I should have, but that's not the point. The point is that any game that can get me that involved, that invested, is doing something very right."
,Recommended,242920,9226448,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Fritzywhip,"Well, this game defininetly isn't for everyone and it takes a bit of time to get down how to be successful in the game. For me personally this game was worth it, but someone that doesn't like something that gets repetitive, and doesn't really want to strive to get to like say 900 citizens, or building more efficient cities this probably isn't the game for you then. Basically you'll have made every building available in the first few hours. But the real awesome part of this game is building the city you made more efficent, getting through natural disasters, preparing yourself for winter's worst, and just keeping everyone in your city happy and health is where the real fun is in this game.This game honestly can be played while watching a movie and kinda just monitoring your citizens every once and a while on x1 speed, or if you want to power through and built up your city and not have to wait as much for things to be built go ahead with the x10 speed.Hope this helps any of you that are skeptical about buying the game, and that it will sway you towards or away from buying it because we all want a fun enjoyable game to play through and this may be it for you."
,Recommended,242920,26899868,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SmithyTheHobbit,Easy at the start and gets more difficult as time goes by.
,Recommended,242920,29214535,Posted: 12 January,all,G.,"This is a really satisfying town builder. It reminds me a lot of Black and White. Suuuper easy to learn. My only negative is that, as far as i can tell, there's no real goal. It's makes things super casual but after a while you get that ""why am i doing this"" feeling. It hasn't stopped me from playing yet though =). Build on rockstars!! **deciple forester**"
76561198254888705,Recommended,242920,25364829,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,King Brad,"Really cool game, really challenging. When I first played I thought it was a bit simple and boring and I stopped playing for a long time. Then I felt like this sort of game again and I looked at some of the mods asnd the Colonial Charter mod makes it a lot better, with all the additional seeds and buildings and professions. But I stopped playing the CC mod because I wanted to get some achievements and the mods doesn't allow you to unlock any.I deleted the mod and played original Banished again, and now that I knew a bit more about the game I thought it would be easier.Little did I know, it was still tough, I did the mountain men challeng and it was going well until my people stopped having babies and my population dropped fast. (The goal is to maintain a population of 50 on a small mountainous terrian in harsh climate for 20 years.) Sounds easy? If you play on hard starting conditoins, you dont start with any crops or orchads or livestock. ANd the map is small so there not a lot of stone and iron lying around.Anyway.I was fun until a certain point. Once I had enough food stored and but homes and had a population of around 120, it was pretty boring. I just had to wait for the last 10 years. I had built all the buildings and just had to sit and watch the years tick by. (Did it in 86 years)Its a great game. I like the weather effects, the diseases that pop up, the graphics are good and smooth. It just lacks a bit of life. Some house variations, more buildings, maybe the colours could be a bit brighter, like make the pigs easier to see and the people.Whatever 9/10 its a great game."
,Recommended,242920,9172611,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,~ Molly ~,"First you should know this game made by one guy !!it a City-build/Manage game hard to find in this age. Everything in this game is awesome and it make me love this game so much. It like Stronghold, Simcity or any game in city-build style but hard than any other games, because you needs to look carefully in everything Food, Firewoods, Tools etc. and the best part is, if you don't have food for your people just a minute late, they die... just like that :Pit cost just 20$ but it so much fun and addictive !!*Recommend*"
,Recommended,242920,10281143,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Randy,Really great game! Can lose so many hours just messing around with your town as it grows into something awesome.Would recommend to anyone that is a fan off the old city builders like Stronghold/Settlers/Anno etc.
76561198005686054,Recommended,242920,34883601,Posted: 11 September,all,[JIGL] Gen. Girk,"It's a game about banished townsfolk who asked too many questions. Which resulted in their timely departure from the town they once came from. Now they must start anew; make food, chop wood and sell wool coats - all of this while a tornado or a wild fire takes out only 12% of the population. Diseases can be a mixed bag at times and food production can starve people to death if improper rotations are met.The atmosphere of the game is relaxing and peaceful, falling asleep to the music is sometimes a much needed plus.As a side note, the steam workshop has a spectacular amount of mods that add layers to the game if you want to challenge yourself further.The game itself has no real endgame as it continues till you stop playing, more over the style and means of having a thriving community is entirely up to you - there is a map seed to generate each map for mountain terrain or rolling hills and valleys.For the builders of cities or the city management genre this game stands alone in the hybrid sense as it caters to both seamlessly. If your interests lay in roller coaster tycoon-like games or city management games like sim city. You'll be pleasantly surprised by this game. How far will you go for world domination - I mean apples."
,Recommended,242920,13877964,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,WAR M ACHINED,"This game is incredibily frustrating. I telll my colony to build food sources, and harvest resources. They decide, they should get firewood from the resverves and pick up food from the storage shed. I tell them to build a forester lodge and a well, We run out of resources and they decide, they are cold and hungry and need to go home, instead of gathering wood and stone. Then 16hrs later a building catches fire or a tornado blows through and everything Ive tried so hard to do, is lost!Its a good game, its not Simcity or Tropico, where you build it and it happens. As Ive said the sims have lives which keeps me bonded with my/their struggle and keeps pulling me back to this somewhat bare bones and incredibly frustrating simulator. I havent tried any of the mods from Workshop, but Im getting there.8.2/10 Would grind my teeth again"
,Recommended,242920,14219913,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mighty Joe,"Okay everyone, I'm just doing a quick review of Banished to give you a general idea of whether or not you might like this game. I'm not going into deep strategies here, but I'll try to give some pro tips. Thanks for reading.Banished is about a group of people who have been banished from their homeland and must re-establish themselves in their new land while trying to survive exposure and deprivation. It's essentially a city-builder where your enemies are time, weather, starvation, sickness, and poor planning. You start the game by setting a few basic conditions that will determine much of your fate before you even begin. In my experience, even on the easiest settings, I rarely have a group last more than 20 years. I haven't studied any strategy guides or gone into the forums much, so I'm sharing just what I've learned through the school of hard knocks.Banished can be an unforgiving game. If you frustrate easily, you may want to give it a pass. Let me add, however, that when your strategy works, there is a sense of an actual accomplishment that many far less challenging games fail to deliver.  And you're going to need some type of strategy and some luck to survive more than 7 years in many instances.After you've made your starting choices, you hit the ground running. You can let the clock tick along fairly slowly, but where's the fun in that? Pause the game, have a quick look around, open your most critical reports and let them hang on the edge of your vision, assign initial tasks to villagers, and pump the clock up to 10x speed (if you get bored easily like me--otherwise, just let it go). You may feel an inclination to go big, but I judge that would be a mistake. Don't clear huge areas of land or build the largest farms you can in the hopes that you will survive the first winter--you probably will regardless of what you do.. but that second winter might be your end-game even so. There will be time for going big later after you've learned the basics.Go moderate, but go quickly. Consider these as your first tasks (not necessarily in this order, but order can matter a great deal while you're learning... and even after that). Assign a few builders from among the general laborers. Clear some land. Plant some modest farms and an orchard or two. Build a place for the firewood provider to do his job.  Bump up your resource limits for food and fuel. Keep the list of future tasks assigned fairly short so you can change strategies easily when you're first starting out. You'll need more storage space. You'll need more tools. You'll need more iron, stone, wood. You'll need more fuel and food. You'll need medicines, too. The list of tasks keeps rapidly expanding, but choose wisely and try for some moderation. Don't be afraid to switch people around to whatever job is most needed at the moment. Keep in mind, too, that if things get moving along in a good way, you may be faced with a population explosion that might rapidly deplete one or more essentials. If you run out of fuel or food and someone dies of old age or starvation, you may have consigned your settlement to a slow withering death, or a quick one depending upon your skill and luck.Never give up. You may find yourself down to three people, but if they are hunting, fishing, or engaged in some other food production activity, and if they have enough fuel and other necessary items, you can bring them back from the brink. Just be careful. An abundance of good things combined with a population explosion may leave you without the resources to keep from going over the other direction--then you run out of food, your older workers die from some cause and your children are left to starve or freeze to death. Did I mention the game can be unforgiving? Or perhaps the younger ones already died, and there's nobody but the old and infirm to keep things going just a little longer. Okay, this is getting a little repetitive, but the game can be just that at times.Banished currently has an active modding community, though the mods seem pretty much limited to tweaks: a new type of building, an improved harvest rate, better schools. Consider adding some. Using the right mods, you can change some important aspects of the game that can give you enough of an advantage that you find yourself lasting longer. However, in my experience, having a few mods does not necessarily guarantee a stroll through the park on Sunday afternoon. A few dumb mistakes could leave you without the things or people you will have to have to survive your first 5 years. Who knows? You may even decide to mod it yourself and make it just the way you'd like to play it. Or not. The choice is yours.If you need a big pay-off, I don't think there is one. Nothing in the game gives me any sense that there is anything more to hope for than to survive and grow as a community for one more year. Also, watch out for the time dilation effects. hahaha... No, but you must seriously pay attention to the passage of time in the game because it looks like the seasons pass and only a year has gone by, but your people seem to age far more rapidly than they should. And death is always waiting for your people. Watching and waiting. It's all a delicate balance that you must maintain. Fortunately, there are tweaks for these things as well if you desire to change them.I think that's enough to give you the general sense of how it plays and what it is. I hope that helps. Thanks again for reading. The game isn't for everyone, but it is worth playing. If you played it before, consider trying it again because, even without mods, it seems a bit easier than it did when I first purchased it--I think the developer may have taken some of the community feedback to heart, in other words.Peace."
76561198050433002,Recommended,242920,9208661,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,rcjenn40,"Pretty much the best city builder I've played since Sim City 2000. That's been a long drought. Played 3 days so far and two of them ended up being all-nighters with it. So for me, this game is definitely a winner."
76561197984802456,Recommended,242920,9186985,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Zantesuken,"A beautiful gem of a game. On the surface its another town builder, but from the moment you start playing you realise just how different it is. That idyllic little patch of land you've got may look bountiful, but unless you get your act together those four lonesome families are going to be starving and freezing come winter. Even when you get on your feet there is the ever present worry in your head - ""Will the harvest be good?"" In this game there are only two enemies: nature and your own incompetence.Get it right and its immensly satisfying. Get it wrong and its stomach turning. The only drive you have is making your villager's lives better, improving their homes, their variety of food, their working standards; this means expanding, and with expansion comes the potential for upsetting the delicate balance you've spent hours tinkering to achieve.If this game had came out of a big developer well versed in this genre (Paradox, Maxis, etc) I would be impressed at their return to basics, discarding all multiplayer, all add-ons, all DLC, all glitz and glamour. This game is polished and complete at launch - how common is that these days? But this has not come from a giant dev, it's come from one man. ONE. This one developer shows what you can do with commitment and ideas. It shows in his game, where perserverence and determination will reward you and hasty decisions will punish.Play this game. It will remind you what good, honest video games can and should be."
,Recommended,242920,9172760,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,SirZerty,An amazing city building game with a soundtrack that will suck you in and keep you entertained and involed in the lives of your citizens for hours on end. The ideal city builder.
,Recommended,242920,26029789,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,nada_mucho,Great town builder/survival sim. Very trial and error oriented and has a decent mod community.
76561198118220680,Recommended,242920,30937833,Posted: 4 April,all,wmcferren,"Resource management at its absolute best. The more you play this, the more you'll really want to perfect it."
,Not Recommended,242920,10963646,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,"Majikian, GOAT Based PAX","I was somewhat underwhelmed by my first hour or so, having finally picked it up months after a strong release to good reviews. I had expected a bit more challenge with a different degree of pacing in order to setup your economy. Instead, it seems to be more of an exercise in tedium and micromanagement of resources and workers.There is a lack of endgame tech/production content or complexity. Ultimately, the game becomes incredibly simplistic once you solve the equation of survivability. Meanwhile, simply scaling up your town and population just doesn't seem to have the right feeling of satisfaction compared to other simulator/builder games."
,Recommended,242920,9258102,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,[HL] Palfer/Janos,"This one time, I didn't know you had to make logs into firewood. Everyone froze.This one time, I didn't have a well. Everyone burnt.This one time, I forgot to get a farmer for a harvest season. Everyone starved.Yet everytime, I keep playing. Hooked."
,Recommended,242920,9191505,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Colin Spooky,"Banished is a sort of city-building game that focuses on a few families creating a town together, facing not zombies, monsters, or even aliens, but common problems associated with building a new town without any outside force helping (other than traders which only come randomly after you create a trading post and charge very high prices for chickens). This game is not for the faint of heart; if you screw something which may seem minor up, many of your citizens could starve, freeze, or become sick; even when things are going well, something happens which completely blows you off course, such as tornados, crop pests, or just one's own ignorance.I like this game because it is unforgiving, which may sound strange, but it is because I like knowing I messed something up and there is a large penalty for it: Death of citizens, which in turn, results in more death."
76561198133170229,Not Recommended,242920,23150787,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Gay Boy,"This game is really fun in the beginning. However, late game becomes boring because it basically just snowballs with no challenges. In other words, you pretty much beat the game. Also the developer basically made this game and gave up on it and let the mods ""update"" the game. So there won't be any more updates in the future. The game under went 5 patches before it went into beta and all the patches were just bug fixes. If the game was a little cheaper, then yes I would reccomend it."
,Recommended,242920,13976933,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,PickleMan,Everyone keeps starving to death because of these dirty god damned immigrants across the river.10/10
,Not Recommended,242920,20095811,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Cresx,"The main point of this game is to just survive the winter. If you get the hang of it, there are no more challenge. Even in late game it will become boring, it will just become trade-centric since some resources is not renewable. Might need to add more content to make this game more fun to play for a long time."
76561198031722299,Recommended,242920,25233884,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SwissArmyKnife,"One of the most challenging sim vs environment games I have ever played.Had entire generation of children, all girls. Lesbians don't reproduce.9/10"
,Recommended,242920,15178474,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Stonerton,Had a pile of stone next to a house needing one more stone to build and it never got finished and my last few villagers died that winter of exposure. Had a guy starve to death while transporting food. Had a clergyman named Christophile living with 5 children.Ret@rd Simulator 10/10
76561198030421213,Not Recommended,242920,20442660,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,lowdegger innit tho,Fun for a couple of hours. Not much content. Why is this so popular?
,Recommended,242920,10816038,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CaiB,"A fantastic game. If you want, you can make it exremely challenging, or relatively easy. The graphics and music are very nice, and the AI isn't bad. It's a lot of fun, and I'd definitely recommend Banished."
76561197999635868,Recommended,242920,20910029,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,JINSTER,"UI is good and clear.The fight to survive is lovely, making you use your workers efficiently and think about how they will live. The slow build up to develop your town and learning the ropes in the process is what makes this game amazing.Modding makes this game retain much more replayability, so play this game!"
76561198003272012,Recommended,242920,18899493,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,PirateSpongeBob,"Banished is basically a city builder that requires you to start from scratch. Before recommending it to anyone, you have to ask yourself what type of city builder are you searching for? Below I will mention what Banished provides from a unmodded perspective.A. Challenge - In the beginning of gameplay you will be challenged on how to keep your population alive at times. Once you learned the ropes and strategies, the challenge to keep your population alive is not that difficult. But then again I've played this game quite a bit.B. Buildings - Banished in the unmodded format provides limited buildings. If you build a stone house, then that is all it will be, a stone house. Buildings don't evolve like in a civilization style game which means the buildings stratisfy evolving into more efficiency or the graphics change with the next generation. Banished buildings stay the same unless you use mods.C. Sandbox - Banished can provide hundreds of maps you want to start from. The map seeds are practically limitless. This allows you to construct a new village/town facing various dynamics of land types, weather, and bodies of water.D. Micromanagement - One aspect to this game is you micromanage jobs, resources, crops etc etc. If you don't like micromanaging how many people are working as a farmer vs miner, then I suggest you pass this game up. A large part of this game is micromanagement.E. Modding - The game was designed to be modded. There are numerous mods out there that allow new buildings, crops, jobs, etc. etc. The only downside to modding is many mods disable the achievements.There are some downsides to this game but it depends on your tolerance level.A. AI - The computer AI sometimes get very annoying after a bit. The computer AI is the citizens. Citizens go idle once in a while, which results in them being non-productive. An example is you are building a house, the builder almost finishes the project but then he/she goes idle and stops working. The only way to get them out of the idle phase was reload the game.B. Timesink - Expanding your village and creating a higher population takes lots of time. If you don't mind playing this game passionately for an extended period of time then no issue. On the other hand if you have limited time to dedicate to building a village up into a town, then I would think twice.Overall, the game is fun for a while but over time, once you played it over and over, it gets kind of boring. When it is on sale I recommend buying it cheap. At full price I would say it is not worth. If you have lots of time, enjoy micromanaging a village, and understand the aspects of keeping a population alive that was banished to a land, then by all means I would recommend."
,Recommended,242920,9262125,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Alasdaaaairo,10/10 Would shag
,Recommended,242920,9226709,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Snowy,"Banished is an excellent game, however not for everyone. If you're looking for a citybuilder that is similar to Sim City, then this game may not be for you. However if you are looking for a City Builder with survival elements, akin to Anno then continue listening!What is banished?I've come to call Banished a Town builder instead of a city builder, even then you'll be luck to get more than a large village in your first few games. At first you will begin with a small hamlet, then you'll become ambitious and want to expand so you can add mines, quarries, town halls, schools, churches and more to your town. This is when the real fun in in Banished begins, as suddenly it becomes a game of balancing people's job. In the winter you will want to change certain citizens roles, such as farmers, as they are useless in the winter and vice versa when it comes to spring time.The catch of the survival is when something goes wrong, it really can go wrong. Lets take my most succesful town (at time of writing) as an example. I was expanding to quickly, i had a mine, blacksmith and a quarry, all i needed to support growth I thought. However I forgot to take into account that some building use iron and tools, made in the blacksmith use iron, my income of iron wasn't exactly flowing. I had hit around 60 population at the time and everyone had a job. Suddenly the entire village ran out of tools, now everything took far longer to do; farming, mining, foresting, woodcutting. I had no tools to mine the iron fast enough to make tools.And there, is what Banished truly is, a balancing act, in which things can go drastically wrong with a single mistake"
76561198024519223,Recommended,242920,25628651,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,jeff.oster03,"This is one of my favorite games.  I like slow-paced, intricate simulation-type games (SimCity, Patrician, Farming Giant, etc), so if you are looking for action and excitement, stay away.  If you are looking to really immerse yourself into a survival and city-building sim with a handful of people starting out with a wagon and some tools, then this will appeal.  You feel every birth and death as if you were the village leader shepherding his people toward a brighter future, and, at least early in the game, every decision seems essential.  I like that.As others have commented, the mods really make this game.  The base game was built by one guy in his spare time, and he did a great job considering.  The mods take it to the next level, and although it seems like every version of mod left some bug unfixed, and it isn't likely the creator will go back and fix them, all in all its a very satisfying experience.The weakest part of the game is late in the gameplay, where there just isn't much to do after survival is assured and your handful of villagers is in the 1000's, and the game can lag a bit on some systems.  But it is always fun starting over again in different climates (the frosty harsh climate, the arid desert climate), which brings a whole different feel to the game, and in the mods, new opportunities for different crops and growing seasons.There are too few games like this for those of us who like this kind of detailed, down-in-the-weeds, slow-paced simulation style games.  Highly recommend."
76561198121952841,Recommended,242920,10793557,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Wikumos,"This is a very good and addicting game!This game has alot more depth than first appearances! Once you get this game, you'll find yourself playing this over many AAA titles. It is very easy to get into, and relaxing to play. Quite often you'll sit down to play it for an hour, and quickly find out that 4-5 hours have passed !"
76561198052839896,Recommended,242920,11129915,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Del,There's nothing quite like slaving over a budding settlement for hours upon hours at a time just have your heart shattered when all your people starve to death.10/10. This is the city builder that could.
,Recommended,242920,9358658,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,DJ Dirty Elbows,"Okay okay, i have been seeing many comments about do not add multiplayer or a combat system in the game. Where I do agree with everyone saying do not add combat, I must say honestly i would love multiplayer added in. Not a multiplayer system that involves competition play, but a co-op feature so I may play with a friend. Co-op (not an AI co-op) would seem to benefit this game, I see no valid argument as to disclaim my personal opinion. Think about it, Banished having two people in it, one player starts on one side of the map, and the other person starts on the other. Both players build how they wish and neither of them may mess with the other persons buildings, roads, or civilians. Endless fun of playing with a friend, again, in a non-competitive and non-combat way.With that being said, I still love this game! It is hard, addicting, and very fun! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME BEFORE GOING TO BED! You will become obsessed and you will not be able to stop, you have been forewarned future Banished players!"
76561198020536841,Recommended,242920,11337827,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,=sBs= Drakarion,I purchased Banished during the Steam Summer Sale due to the fact that I love simulation games and the price was right. This game is the most challenging simulation game that I have ever played. The only thing it might be missing for other who enjoy a good simulation game would be the advancement over the years of moving into technology. The other would be others either real or computer generated that you would battle against. I myself do not miss those two factors.That being said what I do like about this game is it’s challenging factor. You have to balance your focus on many things at once and make smart decisions on where and when to build and or expand your city. Just one minor wrong decision could make the difference between having plenty of supplies or running out and having half to three quarters of your cities population starve or freeze to death.Another great factor of the game is the pairing of people. If you building the community shelter not a lot of “Breeding” will go on and your cities population will not expand. You must build houses at the correct time and the correct amount in order for your citizens to move in and create children.The graphics are acceptable and the terrain maps are okay but it is the game play that makes me spend so many hours trying and trying to build a huge city. My maximum population that I have achieved in my 50+ hours of game play is 149. I know and realize that I am doing something incorrect for any possible expansion.I intend to play this game as long as it take in order to create a thriving city that is well balanced and expanding. I am glad that I purchased the game and I give it a 7 out 10. Thank you.
,Recommended,242920,24646069,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,IllumiNini,"I decided to delete my old review and post a new one because I've had some time to reconsider what I have to say about this game.First off, it is still a fantastic game. There's a lot of challenge, there's a lot of ways that you can go about building your settlements, and there's always a unique game to be had since every map and every starting location on said maps is always different. In other words, it's as unique and interesting as a game like this can be in terms of gameplay (and it is pretty damn unique and interesting).The mechanics are great. They also force you to consider everything (public health and happiness, firewood, food, etc etc) from day one and keep track of all of it all the time. This is a big part of what makes this game challenging and fun - it forces you to build a city, not just constructing buildings.The trade is also surprisingly important. Yes, you can get by without it, but it does help a lot as well as opening up things that would otherwise be closed to you (livestock, increased variety of food, etc).I could go on, but without you (the reader) playing this game, it would be terribly dull.Overall, it's a very solid game and I would highly recommend it. As others have mentioned, there is a lack of content such as Single Player Missions (e.g. working towards a specific goal, or doing something like what Ceaser III of Pharoah did), but this will not stop you from enjoying dozens of hours of solid, fun gameplay."
,Recommended,242920,25870632,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Armin Only,"One of the best city building and strategy game I ever seen. You have to careful what will you focus and manage to population because it's very important to early game. If u don't do that, u're starting over and over. Also, if u like to city building games, strategy games, early access games etc. I'm strongly recommending this game"
,Recommended,242920,11355001,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Mustang,"The most fun you will have growing potatoes, EVAR!"
76561198006724492,Recommended,242920,10873542,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mantaray52,"A long but descriptive review:  This review should give enough detail for you to decide if it's the right game for you without telling you exactly how to play or making generalizations (""If you like X or Y this is the game for you!""), though I do make comparisons to Anno games in places because it's the easiest comparison to make.Banished is less city builder and more town/village builder/management sim.  This is a good thing in my opinion.  There are no lofty tech trees to chase and no taxes to levy or money to manage.  There are no nobles to appease for fear of them burning down your city.  This is a game where your citizens are simultaenously your biggest problem and your most precious resource.  If you're looking for combat, you won't find it here.  This is survival against nature.Learning curve:The basic operation and interface of the game is very intuitive, but the learning curve on balancing people and resources can be surprisingly brutal.  You do have to be forward thinking with respect to resource management and population management (more on that below in relevant sections).  Even if you are a city builder/management sim pro, you can still expect to have at least one major failure before you get it all figured out.  I personally started a few towns with the intention of determining limits and understanding population growth before making a town I was really invested in.Building:Much like the Anno series, you place roads and buildings where you see fit.  Unlike Anno, there are no hard coded limitations on where you place buildings in relation to each other (no ""sorry, but you can't finish your road because the corner is outside the influence radius), but citizen travel times are factored in and distance of a home to a work area affects the ability of a worker to complete their tasks.  Roads are important for reducing these travel times.  Layouts that would work well in real life can work in this game.  Storage and stockpile buildings, farms, etc. all share the need for reasonable proximity to each other.  Building speed and collection of materials all seem fairly balanced.  There are no tech trees and all buildings are available to build so long as you have the materials to build them.  Luckily, unless you assign workers to a building you don't need, constructing something too early is just a waste of construction resources and time builders could have been doing something else.  There are far worse mistakes you can make.  The only downside to building I've found in this game relates to lack of any terraforming.  Hills are in the way and will prevent building placement even if it's just one square on a corner that's on ""hill"" terrain.  Real people would just dig out a little for that corner.  You can construct tunnels to pass roads through hills but it takes a while and uses a lot of stone, which is an abundant but non-renewable resource (more on that in the resources section).Citizen Management:You manage your citizens by assigning X number of laborers (the default/idle job) to various other jobs such as builder, farmer, woodcutter, etc.  Your citizens will determine for themselves which laborer picks up that job based on their home's proximity to the building/resource being worked.  This distance factor appears to update only when unassigning or reassigning jobs.  Citizens are divided into families which will occupy one house each.  A family starts as two adults and any children they already have if it's a starter family or nomads.  As children reach an age to make families of their own, you have to provide housing for them to expand (unlike real life, young couples won't move in and breed in mom and dad's basement).  This is the primary method of controlling growth and has to be balanced with aging.  If your people get too old before you make extra houses, they'll never get a chance to have kids and your population will stagnate, ultimately dying off.  If you build too many houses your population may outpace your ability to gather food and resources.  Schools are necessary for fully efficient workers.  Health and happiness are factors controlled mostly through resource management.  With the right building, you can receive nomads from time to time which helps with recovery from stagnation, disease, or other population reductions, but they also have the potential to bring disease with them.  Populations can get to decent sizes with a LOT of work.  Early on you can expect to reach a hundred or so before you start losing balance.  With experience and careful planning, people have reached into the low thousands.Resource management:This game has nowhere near as many resources to manage as an Anno game but it does cover all of the basics.  Logs, stone, and iron are your construction resources, all of which can be gathered by laborers under manual direction.  Logs can be sustainably gathered by forresters who will cut and replant in an area around their building.  This is important because logs also become firewood to keep your population warm and will need constant replenishment.  Stone and Iron can be quarried and mined if there's not enough on the surface, but they require significant labor, are dangerous for worker and will eventually deplete.  Often, trading for stone and iron is a more sustainable approach.  There are a wide variety of food sources (farming, gathering, hunting, etc.) and having a variety is important for the health of your citizens (living on potatoes alone isn't healthy).  Some are more efficient early, some more efficient later, but all very good to have.  As you might expect, food is the most important factor in balancing your population, followed closely by firewood (or coal) and clothing.  There is also an herb resource that contributes to the health of your citizens.Final opinions and replayability:This is a sandbox game, not a game with quests and goals.  The goals are whatever you set for yourself, be it steam achievements, X population, stabilized population, challenges, etc.  This makes the game as replayable as your personal interests and imagination allow.  The variety of buildings and resources are reasonable but don't make for significant replayability on their own (like trying to build superprojects in Anno).  If you are a very content driven gamer, you will probably be able to see everything this game has to offer in 5-10 hours of gameplay.  Personally, I love the challenge of growth balance and the long game so I'm going to get a LOT of hours out of it.  This game is complete, not early access, and the finish is solid.  I haven't encountered any bugs myself.  The creator is presently working on making it modable which could lead to significant community expansion.  The music is pleasantly ambient and the sound effects are good.  The graphics are surprisingly good for a one-man project, which I think is partially due to use of great textures.  It's a lightweight game and plays just fine on my i5 laptop with Intel HD4000 graphics.  I hope this review was helpful."
76561198244321066,Recommended,242920,33158081,Posted: 2 July,all,Bob,"Everything, including the pause menu, is an enjoyment and feels very polished in this game, which is all the more an achievement considering the rudimentary gameplay setting as well as the visual style. The vanilla game is considered to have little replayability past 15-20h, but after checking out some of the mods and mod campaigns, personally I'll continue playing vanilla for a while.It's not necessarily an easy-going game and you may at times feel your mistakes burning as the time flies, but at the same time it's very well fitted for people who enjoy slow-paced and casual gameplay. And despite this it can be very immersive! I rarely speeded up the time in-game, there's really enough to do and check out and just follow the villagers even.The tutorial feels somewhat overwhelming with a lot of essential reading, but the gameplay itself is best flow I've had in a while. Now about the mods (made by Black Liquid Software): they are as official as it gets, good community and well-polished mod packs! Take note that you can't access the newest mod packs through Steam Workshop for some complex reasons, so download on Black Liquid's website. The mod overhauls themselves offer a rough start with much more complex mechanisms than vanilla, but if you like complex supply chains plus rewarding customization options, then that's certainly a route you should take.Compared to Cities: Skylines? Completely different gerne, but just as a point of reference - Skylines is a game to lose yourself in and try and learn and try again and oh boy it's 3AM; Banished is a game to hit pause and be happy just looking at the forest. Not too much music in it, but what's there is good and fitting!"
,Recommended,242920,20532904,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,maxinewillow,"After playing well over 1000 hours of this game offline when I had no internet access and trying out a couple different mods I can say it will be one of those games I always go back to, just like Minecraft and The Sims.Sometimes I'll think ""Just an hour of game time before bed"" and suddenly I have a population of 500 and the sun is rising outside.The randomly generated names are a double edged sword. So many times I've thought ""What a great name!"" only to see another newborn girl called Fred born shortly after.The walkthroughs are great for starting out, and anything can be found online.Note: if you put all of your animals in the same area, don't be upset if a hurricane wipes them all out. (Spread herds all over the map and always have multiples!)"
,Recommended,242920,21856963,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Rubio20,8/10It's a really solid game with minor flaws which is good enough to spend a few weeks on.
,Recommended,242920,19282804,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Generio#TOxIXKiD,"This is honestly one of the best Indie strategy, survival game I have played. If anyone is confused as to buy it or not, I will strongly recommend you to get it because it is unique and you won't get anything like this anywhere."
,Recommended,242920,11342389,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,fortunzfavor,"I nominated Banished for the Test of Time award.  It could be bigger, it could evolve further, but what it does it does so well it's hard to not keep coming back.Winter Update:I left Banished running overnight at 10x to take a run at the last 200 year achievement.  I figured I trained my peeps well, they'd survive without me for a night (err, 20 years).  Recovering from the fallout is about the most fun I've had with this game, and that's saying something.  When I returned, tornadoes and fires had ravaged two major population centers.  Two markets were in ruins and 50 homes destroyed.  Half my farmers unassigned.  They were freezing with almost no stored food with twice as much consumed as produced in the last year.  500 people without tools.  But I've got 1400 stored iron, weirdly enough.  Even weirder, my population is not only within my designed parameters at about 950, it's actually been on a growth spurt for 10 years.  How did my town grow under these conditions?  I like to think they evolved the ability to digest iron while I was sleeping.  And that's why I love my people.... original review ...You've just gotta hate it when a game dev figures out that exact formula to completely overwhelm your good sense and trap you in a never-ending spiral of digital imprisonment.  It must be amusing to wield that kind of power over people.  I imagine the dev has a throne and a white cat and often spontaneously ""mwahahahaha!""s while stroking the kitty.I was half finished with the tutorial when I began to suspect that this game would suck up hundreds of hours over the next few years.  About 20 hours later, I know I was right.  I don't know how long it will take to build out the modest space I'm in now, but I know when I'm done I'm gonna want to try again, and again, and the modding possibilities are tantalizing.Sure, the interface could be improved (suggestion: display recommended worker count alongside material requirements while laying down pastures/fields) in several places and there are some limitations to the A.I. and prioritization that require a somewhat restrained style of play, but all in all I haven't been this pleased with a purchase since I bought Defense Grid.  I actually feel a tiny bit guilty for having gotten Banished on sale.  Release some DLC, Shining Rock, and I'll do my penance."
76561198139804357,Recommended,242920,20037229,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,saule1116,"Brilliant graphics.Lovely game play.Various modes of gameplay.Damn good mods :DGenrally, it may get boring after a while, but i'd suggest just trying a harder level one you reach this stage."
76561198036943999,Recommended,242920,34068811,Posted: 6 August,all,SamuraiJones,"When I first got this game I didn't really think much of it. But as time goes on, I keep playing city builders and thinking ""that wasn't bad, but Banished did it better."" That excludes Rimworld... Rimworld is still my favorite, but more of a survival game than a builder game.The game is reasonably complex in terms of needs and availability of resources, and gives you decent controls and info to manage your town. It isn't too simple, and it isn't too difficult. It's a pleasant balance. It does have a little learning curve. Some builder games take you through a tutorial for getting started, but I usually feel like ""oh, ok, so that's a walkthrough for the early game,"" so I like the fact that this doesn't do that.The later game becomes routine, almost an idler, as is common for building games. You get cookie-cutter building layouts that keeps things balanced and just keep slapping em down as newcomers file in. As long as you don't do anything stupid, you really can't lose at that point. I don't like that aspect, but it's kinda standard for this type of game.There are a few AI glitches. People sometimes group strangely. It's common for a single old widows to monopolize houses, while the town is full of adults living with their parents because they can't find open housing. And if young couples don't have their own homes they don't have children, and you can get in trouble with your entire population getting past breeding age without making any babies. There's workarounds to shuffle people up, but it's a pain they don't do it automatically. It's quiet too. if you don't notice that people have stopped having children, you might suddenly find your entire town dying of old age without any young people to backfill.Overall, it's a solid, city-building game. While it's not amazing in any single aspect, but it's above average in almost every aspect. Great for relaxing evenings."
,Recommended,242920,9311331,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,cardboard,"Let me explain how this game works.Year 1 - Building houses, fine amount of foodYear 2 - Building all sorts of neat things, huge amount of foodYear 3 - Low on resources, record low of foodYear 4 - Adults and children dying of starvation, people no longer happy, less labor, and therefore less foodYear 5 - Just before the rest of your people die, a tornado comes and ruins everything. Nothing is left, and all of your people are gone.And then it's a new game, back at Year 1."
,Recommended,242920,34622702,Posted: 30 August,all,MrFudders,"Definitely a fun game to chill out and play, until winter comes and all of your civs die out."
,Recommended,242920,12192029,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,redspacebeast,"You start with just a handful of settlers, banished from their homeland. And perhaps a cow or two, depending on difficulty settings. Winter is approaching fast. Clear an area, build some houses, get some food production going in the form of a farm or fishery. Will you have enough lumber for firewood during the harsh cold of winter? Will your food stores last long enough until the next harvest? Or will a sudden disease, fire, or natural disaster wipe out your colony.Banished is a pure sandbox colony builder. The only goal, aside from chasing a few achievements which can act as “missions” if you interpret them so, is to see how far you can get. Expand your colony too fast, and you might not have the food production to meet demand. This leads to starvation and a huge chunk of your population dying off. If your birth rate is too low (limited by population mood and available housing), there may not be enough future laborers to take the place of those that die of old age. A sudden cold snap, when you don’t have enough warm clothing to go around, causes people to freeze to death in their homes.There is so much that could go wrong at any time in the randomly-generated wilderness, that simple survival has it’s own zen-like reward. When all the plates are spinning nice and balanced, somehow, and everything seems to be going well, the colony acts like a well oiled machine. One you built yourself, through trial and error. It takes a bit of time to learn how things work, like the interplay between the various types of resource generating buildings you can make, how close or far apart you should place things, when should expand, and so on. But each catastrophic failure becomes an important lesson learned to apply to your next attempt. The way Banished works, how its colony ecology functions, is very clear visually. Unlike, for example, SimCity where much happens in “abstraction” as numbers and the movements of the city’s inhabitants are visual fakery, Banished leans closer towards the likes of Theme Park or Theme Hospital. Every colonist matters. You can follow an individual, track their mood and thoughts, and watch them from birth until death.There is so much quality in both the design and execution of Banished. The user interface in particular stands out as clear, functional and powerful without being overwhelming. It’s hard to believe it was all made by just one person. All the software development, artwork and audio is the result of one Luke Hodorowicz, whose debut effort outshines most of the recent city planning simulators by far bigger studios."
,Recommended,242920,23155295,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Wozza,"This is one of those games that you buy in the sale because it looks cool and then realise you'll probably never play it. That's exactly what I thought of this game originally. Then, an update appeared on Steam. No idea what the update was but it reminded me of the game and thought I'd try it. 10 hours later and 4 maps later I finally managed to get to a self sustaining village of around 70 citizens.The game is a challenge, resources are constantly under pressure particularly in the early stage and this is a micro managers dream. You need to shift your dozen or so citizens between various lines of production to stop the village from starving, freezing or without resources. There are a few mods available that make resource production a little bit easier, I used the iron and wood boost for a short while to prevent my city from dying out.I love city building games, my favourite being Cities Skylines and this game is a medieval city builder with some differences in gameplay which make it unique and make me want to recommend to everyone that enjoys any kind of city building game.10/10 would let guy get crushed by a rock again."
76561198118359750,Recommended,242920,10979439,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Commando2354,"i would recomend this game because over all it is a good game, easy to understand and easy to play"
76561198091691272,Not Recommended,242920,29253752,Posted: 14 January,all,mia_drago_n,"After playing it for quite some time... yeah its pretty empty after a while but i still enjoy itwhat i HATE is the lack of updates and glitch fixesI will have plenty of food and houseing and randomly people will be homless and starving. Throwing any progress i have out the window.People hord food and other resorces as soon as they pop in. They take 3-5oo units of anything and then leave the house because they are homless. Now i got a empty house with a bunch of resoures but no one can have them.....People will randomly run off and never come backBuildings that i click on that i want prioirty, get ignored over a small storage spot because i had a tree in it, needing taken down.With out a town square, my people starve and they are within walking distance of another storage houseI like this game and i would perfer to love this game...but i just cant. The glitches are random and normally happen at the start of a new game.The mods suck for the most part except a few that add more things to do like clay and beekeeping.If they can fix the basic glitches with the towns people, i would play this game more often as i like making nice neet little cities. Untill they fix it, i cannot justify paying 20$ for this game. I got lucky and had a steam sale when i got it"
,Recommended,242920,33131069,Posted: 2 July,all,Lord_Netherstar,"Bought this game as a part of the Steam Summer Sale and I'm really satisfied for the price!The gameplay, as a beginner, has a nice learning curve that will take time to master and then replicate.The aesthetics of the game are quite charming, the music is great and the structures and the environment also compliment each other. My only complaint is how loud the livestock seems to be while zoomed in around them, but maybe I can fix that myself.I can easily see myself playing ~40 hours of this game for only a few bucks, great deal, very much worth it!"
,Not Recommended,242920,21521206,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fluffy Tail Toucher,"I really tried to like this game, but in the end, even after tying to fix it up to my liking with mods, I just feel ""meh"" about it.I think my problem with it was the lack of meaningful goals. After I got the lemmings to survive and maintain a supply of resources and happiness, there was really nothing else to do but continue to micromanage. I set my own goal of trying to spread out and cover an entire huge map, but it started to get unbearbly laggy before I had covered a quarter of the map.And speaking of micromanagement, I found that part really tedious. The ai of the citizens is pretty awful and in a lot of respects there's nothing you can really do about it, you just have to work around them being stupid. The game ui leaves a lot to be desired in terms of maximizing efficiency, to the point that anything beyond a tiny city becomes a nightmare to manage.Even if you really like city builder games, I'd wait till a sale to try this one out."
,Recommended,242920,16692078,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,OldManSancho,Started playing and everyone died from no food so I started a new game with lots of food options. Second game everyone froze to death so I started a new game with lots of food and heating options. Third game everything was going well so I stepped outside for a smoke and when I returned everyone was dead...this is a fun game.
,Not Recommended,242920,15255135,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,JohnnyVicious66,"This game has such high potential and the current build is well developed but update/fixes are so rare that it is not evolving as it should.I tried, really tried, to keep it interesting while waiting for another update to add depth but like many developers this game seems abandoned after the mod kit got released."
76561198042234000,Recommended,242920,12213414,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mr Moopsy,"Fun game. I play it to pass time. It honestly lacks a TON. But, its simplicity is also somewhat apealing.I would love to see more done with the game. I feel there is not a large amount of things to build or have interact. But it is still a real challenge to try and grow/expand.Stonghold two has better city simulaton/castle building.but this game has a harder/more realistic resource usage.For me, the game was fun, but not much that keeps me involved or wanting to come back.I recommend getting this when it is on sale."
,Recommended,242920,16286968,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kazumm,Best City Manager game out there hands down.
76561198044860731,Recommended,242920,9186991,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,n00bypl4y3r,"It's always fun to build a big city, mess up, then watch all your villagers die freezing in the winter."
76561197971724802,Recommended,242920,9896068,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Banishedis one of the games where you just need to play 10 minutes more. Even without a goal, other then keeping your town alive, it keeps you hooked for hours and hours.Its all about managing your ressources and expand when the time is right. If you expand too soon you will end up starving or freezing to death. Or if your too late the outcome is equal dire.But if you like a good management game you will loveBanished.THE GOOD- Complex interlocking systems- Charming presentation- Wonderfully challenging- Steady difficulty curve- Weather effects- Solid menus with a customizable interfaceTHE BAD- No long-term goals- Lacks a sense of progression8/10BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,242920,24197479,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Inn0cuous,"Really fun game that lacks replay value. The simulation is kind of linear, meaning that once you figure out a good ""build order"", you've basically figured it out."
,Recommended,242920,11654465,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,CoifStorm,"YES!I love this game's challenges. People always recommend to do this or that... but then there's me...""What if I place this here..."" ""Today's challenge: achieve this without using that""Of course, I use the Banished Calculator to do some planning as it really is critical to be as efficient and as effective as possible in this game. Too many times, I've been happily in the green light for every resource... then suddenly... no tools > inefficient workers > low food > death -- though, I sometimes recover from the low tools.This game is just the absolute best and I can't wait for mod support."
76561197980147522,Recommended,242920,9172629,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[DSN] EXET,"What a fantastic game!The best game that came out in a long time!!!If you like building up things, this is the game to come to! It's so simple , but entertaining!Just the right thing to play in the evening, after work with a beer and your feet up on the table!. . ."
76561197977292606,Recommended,242920,25480588,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,MainDroite,"My greatest advice is: know what it is you're buying.This is a survival game with elements of city-building. There is not much to it once you have achieved plenty of stocks to survive the harshest of winters. Then, the game becomes more contemplative, with no clear objective other than achieving the highest pop you can.I did get a lot of fun with the game and I still do fire it up sometimes, but the lack of content past the surviving part killed it for me, sadly. I think this game needs expansions if it is to maintain interest.7/10 - A rough diamond at best"
,Not Recommended,242920,13643302,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Uniloki,This games has ALOT of potential. But one problem. FOOD. Okay i have had soooo many games die to this problem. There is always one hungry villager who has 150 food while all my other people starve to death. I had 3 fisher huts with only 20 people. 1 house survived. This is a serious problem and i hope for either a mod or a update that adds less greedy villagers.That being said it is a good game but this one flaw pretty much kills all games so i have to give it a 4/10.
,Recommended,242920,9175544,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Nat,"I adore this game. It's difficult and relaxing all at once. It's amazing to think that this beautiful game was made by one person! All the programming, graphics, art, GUI, sound and design! I read that he had help with the music, but was more than prepared to do it himself.The game is about surviving and thriving. You have to manage your resources carefully or you'll find your little people start to grumble and drop dead. It's fun to take small steps and in no time at all you are ruling a sprawling town.There are a few hiccups. In my experience at least, there have been numerous graphical issues like animations happening too fast, water showing through the trade boat and certain buildings. The herbalist also makes no sense to me. Nobody ever uses herbs, and my health has never dropped below 4.5 hearts.I heartily suggest this quaint little game. Support good devs in a gaming climate filled with incomplete games and DLC greedy publishers."
,Recommended,242920,9177426,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Iv,This game is awesome! A pure economy strategy with survival elements. I really recommend this game to all strategy game fans!
,Recommended,242920,9174966,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Watercolours,"Game seems comfy and easy going, when in fact it's macromanaging hell. Don't let that falter you though, the constant effort of expanding the village and keeping your population growing is a real treat to play. Draws upon elements from the Anno series (city building with various resources to produce and manage), to Dwarf Fortress (various professions for citizens and the need to strategize so that your entire population doesn't get wiped out due to one shortcoming). Ridiculously addictive fun, you'll wonder where the time went."
,Recommended,242920,9249559,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,TheGreatGooglyMoogly,"This review is based on a single 6 hour play at medium difficulty.Graphics & UI:The game correctly detected my settings and ran at 2560x1440 (something most AAA titles have a problem with). The graphics are well done, detailed and suit the game. The UI has a scaling feature but even at the highest setting some buttons are under 2mm wide. Some UI elements look scaled and blurry.Sound:No problems here except trade ship arrival, a death and low stocks all use the same quiet alert sound. Can't comment on music as its usually the first thing I disable in a game.Bugs & Issues:No crashes or freezes of any kind. On a few occasions builders stopped working but reloading fixed this. The game ran smoothly with no slowdown or lag even running at x10 speed.Gameplay:Banished is mostly a typical city builder game but tries a few things that mostly work well. Lack of an in-game currency is a nice change and trading for new crops and livestock is a nice idea although after a while it felt like any other 'random event'. It doesn't have the extreme manpower shortage that most games of this genre use as as a 'feature' and the way resources are featured is well done. The in-game character A.I. & scripting isn't the best but isn't bad and is much better than a game like Towns. It also lacks a way to prioritize some jobs over others which makes managing supply chains more difficult. The one thing most builder games suffer from is a weak link in resource supply chains and this game is no different, the problem being tools. Once you run out of tools everyone slows down so much that its only a matter of time until your people slowly starve or freeze to death. At 6 hours long it was a fairly quick game but the map felt big enough and while there were more obstacles to building than I like, I never once felt that I was running out of space to expand. In fact I'd say that Banished works better than most city-builder games with smaller segregated clumps of development. The one thing I did feel while playing was that at no point did difficulty ramp up in any way.  Managing 120 people feels no different to managing 20 and there was little incentive to diversify foods when health & happiness barely dropped. Despite a few issues that can be easily fixed (or overcome with mods if the feature is added), the game is fun and worth a buy if you like the genre.Summary:A well made fun entry into the city-builder genre. While it suffers from a few of the common problems with this type of game its worth a buy."
76561197996590868,Recommended,242920,9185477,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Sigmund Ringeck,"This is not Sim City.  This is not Age of Empires.  This is not simply a city-building game.  This game is about survival of a city you are building.  The graphics are perfectly fine for the gameplay that is offered.  The gameplay is relaxing, fun, and can be BRUTAL.  This game loves to let you feel like you are building a thriving city then all of a sudden you are hit with a tornado that starts a fire, food shortage, and to top it all off the game gives your people AIDs and they all die.This is a survival city building game.  Your next building decision could literally decide the fate of your entire city.  You have to use your intelligence to balance all the needs of your people.  If you allow that balance to go out of whack for one second, you will be starting a new game.This will be the best $19.99 you spend on video games all year!"
,Recommended,242920,9173991,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[AU]Narcarsiss,Banished is the foundation of a great series with so much potential. The only issue now is what direction does the developer take in development?City builder fans wont go a stray with this gem.:)
76561198006648384,Recommended,242920,9191186,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Jonesy,"Luke Hodorowicz has created a masterpiece of indie video games.This game - created over three years by one man and his brother (music and testing) - is a challenging and enticing survival sandbox game in which your primary goal is to build a town that can survive the harshness of the elements. Although probably not for everybody (as this game is HARD), it provides a real challenge to gamers that makes you want to have another try to crack that perfect formula.The negative reviews on Steam stand testament, with the majority only being negative due to the fact it is hard to crack in an age where games seem to be getting more and more dumbed down.It is so easy to lose yourself in Banished, with one game turning into a full day long marathon with only the approach of night being a warning sign of how long you have been playing.My recommendation? If you like strategy games, love being challenged and appreciate a damn fine game, the price tag is more than worth the investment.It still needs a tiny bit of tweaking (mines/quarries/fields being a little on the underpowered side with firefood being overpowered), but nothing that cannot be fixed in patches or mods. Never seen any bugs.9/10."
,Recommended,242920,26608001,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Premium,"This game isn't getting updates anymore but the megamod kind of fixes that.Its a non modern city builder.  If you are into that buy this, if you are not into that buy something else."
,Recommended,242920,14382638,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Eri,Left my village to their own devices for ten minutes and came back to see everyone had starved to death. Worst of all there was no one left to appreciate the irony of their god stepping out for a gyro and returning to mass famine.
76561198055083691,Not Recommended,242920,13620539,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kodiak,It was initially good but the developer gave up on the game pretty much right away and left it for other people to develop it which is dumb. I don't advise you buy it.
76561198052408168,Not Recommended,242920,14914927,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Musashi,"Not much to it really....gets old very quickly.  Game is underdeveloped, but oh, that's ok because you can mod it!  Just let your players do all the work!"
,Recommended,242920,9193239,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,AndriOdPanda,""" Banished is what many city/village building games wish they could be when they grow up. No barbarians screaming at the gates, not a zombie in sight, just good solid building with intelligent villagers, clever mechanics, and thoughtful details. It's easy, it's relaxing, it's soothing. Until the realities of colony life bite you in the backside! Banished is addictive. ""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZlgPS9qv4M&list=PLIYwV8V2ObyGMQQWEc8fgpOeCu5kAWw-RI agree 10000% with this review i read.... heres my thoughts... BUY THIS GAME, if you have the money even if you dont sell one of your arms or legs to get it if you need to... enough said.  Wanna see me play this game live :http://www.twitch.tv/apandaco"
,Recommended,242920,13033982,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"I love this game.  It is hard to stay alive, and a bit actuarial at times, but it is great to see your town survive, and sad when it dies out.  Worth every penny.  8.5/10"
76561198052265365,Recommended,242920,10299768,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Sparzy,"Banished is the best sandbox town builder!Similar to Age of Empires and Settlers games except without the threat of war.There is no need to produce soldiers or defence/offence items/people, its just a pure town building simulation, where the only threat is mother nature.Be warned, Banished is addictive and while playing, hours can go by in a snap!"
76561197975622368,Recommended,242920,9180600,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Syndicake ☠,"It's a great city builder but I feel like it could have more content such as more resource types and industries, other than basic needs. My village remained small and eventually shrank to a tiny size because I didn't build enough houses and had bouts of famine taking a toll on the young. The population that survived was mainly too old to have children so I had a severe labour shortage. After about ten years my population started to recover as I built many extra houses. Now I have a small village of 40 people that primarily produces food via foraging, fishing, a little farming and pastures.The interface would be confusing for newcomers to videogames, it's primarily button symbols with no writing but is controlled using the function keys to access sub menus. The sub menu of food production for example, would then be controlled by using the number keys 1-6 to access the different buildings. This is comfortable, quick to use and looks minimalist which fits with the 'bare survival' theme of the game.Visually the game is very enjoyable and the animations are of a quality I'd expect. I do have some criticisms, the pilot of the trade boat's model looks blocky and low quality at odds with the rest of the game. Also I feel like the tree chopping and falling animations could have been improving with an element of physics or ragdolling. Sometimes the trade boat passes through the fishing dock's model, this is very irritating.The tutorial explains the basic use and controls well enough without spoiling the challenge of the game. It's a great, polished game but I hope that Shining Rock Software take the time to add more content around the 40-year mark. Such as new buildings for new industries and such. It may be possible however that I simply didn't grow my town to a large enough population to unlock stuff that may already be in the game. The occurence of disasters is very low, I had one house fire in a 35 year period, though all my houses were made of stone and one walnut orchard disease.I would also suggest that traders visit more often, or there are other methods to acquire livestock as I had extreme difficulty buying any animals for my pasture which sat empty for nearly 25 years. I did however especially like how the farming seasons work. I would like to see more crops that can be grown at different times of the year such as winter grains.I can definitely recommend this excellent game to anyone who loves the idea of shaping a large town over long periods or failing horribly in the process. It may seem expensive for an indie game but the quality and effort put into creating this, compared to some other games, make it worth the price in my opinion."
76561198041691702,Not Recommended,242920,28814542,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hanseat,"""Anthony the Child has died of starvation"" boy next door has 400 potatoes."
76561198050200940,Not Recommended,242920,20564482,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Jeredriq,"I must say its a great game. But it has some issues that decrease its replay value and make you depend on mods (which locks all the achievements.) And there's no patches or updates that fixes these issues, just mods. Mining is too hard, your civilians cant move their asses etc. Its not exactly a city builder, its a survival game and you'll go crazy how much your folks eat and cant MINE. You can cut trees and produce firewood or use coal in order to stay warm. If you use trees either you wont be able to move your town towards forests or you will make the map a desert.  I've been cutting trees like Isengard and it wasnt enough. So you'll want to go with coal mines, right? 30 workers in a coal mine makes 7000 coal at max which is not enough. And each person eats 100 food per year so in big picture you exchange 30.000 food for 7.000 coal. And that's a lot of food.This issue made me crazy so thats why i stopped playing. It should be fixed by the developer for more fun and in order to try achievements. As i said its a great game, but it needs fixes. And without those fixes it doesnt worth its money."
76561198031867812,Not Recommended,242920,15436825,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Vykoden,"I love this game, but I also HATE this game. I love the idea, the setting, the goal ... everything. But, the mechanics are downright frustrating.Typically, at Year 15, I have 20,000 or more food and around 60 residents. But, around that time, regardless of all the population-building strategies I've built, people start dying ... and the game doesn't tell you that people are dying or why. And, strangely, their homes still use firewood, and they keep eating. In fact, the decreased population eats more and faster than the increased population.So, by Year, 20, I'm down to 30 residents, but I'm still burning as much wood as 60 residents, and my food stores are down to starvation level.After 140 hours, what's the lesson to be learned? Don't play this game. All it does is become an obsession to try to figure out why it works this way, but for this game, there is no answer.Anymore, I just play the first 10 years, because they usually make sense. Banished is the only game I've seen where the better-off your city is, the more people die for unexplained reasons."
,Recommended,242920,31514389,Posted: 2 May,all,Captin' Cuddles,die cos you build too slowdie cos you build too fastdie cos gary hogs all the food like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242920,28231302,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sweendawg,"I have never prayed so hard in my life that I make it through one more winter. I barter with God saying I'll do better next season if he lets me live through this winter, but  I cut it just as close....and ultimately repeat the vicious cycle all over again."
76561198025086300,Not Recommended,242920,19869186,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sakurai,"Once you understand the few steps needed to successfully start a new settlement the game isn't neither challenging or fun anymore, as it comes short of things to do."
,Recommended,242920,22350839,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Zammyskid,"Love banished, Best purches I ever bought,"
,Not Recommended,242920,20444142,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ManuTOO,"1-sentence review : it's not a bad game and it clearly has some strong appeal in if you're into casual building games, with no goal nor real challenge, as there's nothing to aim for except keep on on extending your population till you bore, which for me happened after less than a dozen hours, and thus makes the game too expensive at the $20 price point ; you might want to get it on a sale though.Pros :- nice ambiance- seeing growing your village- interesting to set up the economic chaining for the 1st timeCons :- no difficulty except for 2 things (see following points)- keeping your population size requires to create new houses ; apparently, grown up adults would rather die childless than having sex in their parent homes, even if it's 60% empty ; this is problematic because in the long run, the extra houses will lead to extra population, and not creating new house means your village will wipe (they might be Mormon), so it's not really possible to keep a constant population without doing a lot of extra stuff (ie: manually destroying houses at some point)- the only economic challenge is to know that you need to have a Storage Barn near your production zones, while the description of the market made me feel it'd replace the barn ; this lead to a massive starvation death rate in my village ;-)- once you reach a population of 100, you'd do the same things other and other again- the different vegetables & fruits don't seem to have any relevance except a little bit for trading- a lot of information is hard to get ; eg: I have no idea how much food my population needs per year, so I just looked the available food in the inventory and when it went down too much, I built more field (game is already way too easy so extra information would make it a total ride in a park, I guess)"
76561198108151575,Recommended,242920,25989965,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Helfdane,"I come back to this game often enough. While I know the basics (and win strategy), it always appeals to me. Can I get this or that working this time? Etc. Every map is new.The modding part is simply awesome. Good stuf in there.To be honest, the fact that this game is made by one person alone is what makes this a total achievement. Cheers @ ShiningRock!I recommend this gme to everyone who likes a town building sim where you do have to think ahead (most consequences only reveil themselves after a few years! Which is awesome ;-)."
,Recommended,242920,9497789,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,netnazgul,"This is what you would like to see in a general ""German"" strategy game, nothing more, nothing less. Get your pack of refugees and lead them to a prosperous self-sustaining town through the generations.It has some minor issues with UI and general game flow, but otherwise if you like city building games (and I don't mean those mobile f2p idiocracies) - you'd love this."
,Recommended,242920,11283568,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,penguin9613,i liked this game alot put alot of hours into it and will put more 10/10
76561198093068176,Recommended,242920,23146953,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,minimimor,its fine chalenginging for the first yr or so after that easy and late games boring nothing to do build some more houses etc. did enjoy it to begin with so i will rate a thumbs up because i didnt hate it if the was a middle option thumb to the side id pick that
,Recommended,242920,9408528,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Levia Draconia,"Good game at a good price. You don't have so much content like in similar games like Anno yet, but you can spend hours of playing it. I also love the point that you don't have money in this game. Instead you can trade your stuff for other materials or new animals and seeds."
,Recommended,242920,13622933,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rcraft,"I still find myself coming back to this game when I want to play a modern city simulator.  I really enjoy the UI - everything is easy to find & understandable.  The modding community has created some really slick feature extending mechanics (new goods trees, buildings, etc).  There are detailed statistics screens so you can see how your village has progressed over the years.  Capping out your population is challenging, but there are many paths to creating a thriving society, so you can play many different ways.I can't think of one bad thing to say about the game, really."
,Recommended,242920,12962205,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Skaidrojumi,"This game was such a rollercoster for me. I would start off kinda rough and be struggling to keep them warm and fed, then did great, then bad, then great...etcetera. Despite losing my people to cave ins and wild boar stampedes it is still a very fun and strategic game that has no winners. Gotta love those games that are just made to eventually lose.Replay value is great and it gets you so into it that hours pass by in what feels like minutes. Definite buy, but better to buy it on sale on Steam or HumbleBundle, so keep it on your wishlist."
,Recommended,242920,16676745,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ev,"If you've ever wanted to watch hundreds of people slowly starve to death after a single fisherman drowns, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,242920,10628293,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gakell,"It's a really interesting game and is pretty fun if you invest time in it.  The main thing is that you have to be patient.  My first time around in this game I wasn't and I ended up running out of tools, then basically my town collapsed and 70% of it died."
,Recommended,242920,9255727,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Zaeith,"A village simulation game. There are no ancillary objects other than succeeding challenges of growth, fire and winter. You start out with a handful of homeless villagers and a stockpile of food and tools. You can build houses, roads, farms, fishing piers, wells, mines, etc. There are no skill trees. However, there are resource walls. Don't plan on raising cattle without trade as cattle can only be acquired through trade. That's not to say successful towns require anything other than your creativity in resource management. Successful towns are often built around diversity and quantity of food and resources.The game reminds me of Black & White but without the godlike abilities, opposing town, or civil strife. Essentially, Sim: Village. Just needs a few aliens spaceships to go with the occasional tornado.I recommend this game to those who enjoy the genre of simulation; specifically, city-building, without the city. If your looking for conflict other than watching your villagers fight off winter, famine, and fires, then this might not be the game for you."
76561197985572068,Recommended,242920,9240434,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,BirdyBot,"Addictive and maddening. This game is not for everyone, especially those who are daunted by the prospect of goal-less gameplay. If you can get over how punishingly difficult your first few play-throughs are going to be, then you'll enjoy the game. Remember, losing is fun!"
76561197986432926,Recommended,242920,9398831,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Lawroboros,"Definitely one of my favourite city builder games of all time, and I've been playing them for 20 years!  Incredible that this masterpiece is the work of one man.  Not to mention that, apart from an AI bug I actually prefer to keep (animals walk under water when they travel!), the game appears to be completely bug free.I do, however, have to warn you that this is also one of the hardest in the genre.  Expand too slowly and you'll be stifled by old age; expand too soon and your town will starve to death.  The resource management is key, and is incredibly sensitive to fluctuation.  Find yourself on a downward spiral, running out of resources?  You're probably already doomed.  Managed to harvest in excess?  Store it up so you have a buffer zone.  Not enough workers?  Accept some nomads, or help your population to breed.The game might appear to be a little shallow - once you've built all that appears in the menu, that's it - but I promise you, there's so much to this game if you're interested in making a successful, expansionist town, especially if you're after the achievements.It's not a quickfire game either - you need lots and lots of patience to survive, and even more to master it.  Before you know it, you'll have spent hours on this game without achieving much, but having grand goals for your town in mind.Very hard to put this game down!"
,Recommended,242920,9580447,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Squabbit,"Banished is a great little town builder. You don't have to worry about warriors, or monsters. Just Winter and starvation. Sometimes a fire or a tornado.Today I was doing well. I built my small village of 20 people up to 50! We built up from having nothing left when winter ended to food stocks of 5000+ pounds. We were trading with nearby towns for new seeds and livestock. We built a town hall... then a disease hit my cows... it wiped out the lot. I tried to quickly re-focus the town's work into other food options, but it was too late. One by one, then house by house people began to die of starvation. The town had to focus. No more blacksmiths or tailors. Stop mining for stone and iron. All hands to the farms. Down to just 15 people the village dropped. Then.... food stocks returned! We saved it. Sure... its a ghost town now... but at least its still a town. We'll rebuild. It'll be fine.[I love this game.]"
,Recommended,242920,9201339,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Baron,"Great game! Picked it up the other night and have to say I was a little surprised on how it plays. After installing and quickly clicking through the in-game tutorials I thought I was in for another city-building strategy game. This game isn't really a city builder as it is a survival game. There is no invading bandits or any military tech. Micro managing your town to protect your people from the elements, disease and starvation while expanding the population and maintaining the workforce all at once is plenty enough.There is no money in this game, more of a barter system once you set up your trader on the river. Trading resources your town has stockpiles of for new crop seeds, live stock and other supplies is the only way to bring diversity to your towns diet and obtain resources you otherwise couldn't produce. Finding the balance in your town is key which can be tricky, as every map is randomly generated and can differ with resources and geographics. Not one plan will work for every town which will bring replayability.There is no winning in Banished, you either get it right and flourish or your people starve to death over the next cold winter."
76561197970813491,Recommended,242920,9222009,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,MetalDog,"My Pet Medieval TownOr how Banished turned me into a complete monsterFinally, a city building game without incomprehensible statistic screens and no invading armies to worry about. Just me and my people against nature.I started Banished all hopeful and tried to nurture my first brave band of exiles into a happy, healthy community. After they all starved to death I tried again, paying more attention to quick food access this time. When they froze to death with the onset of winter, I took a third stab at it, balancing food, fuel and housing more successfully - and thus began my slow but sure conversion into a medieval despot.Now I'm ruling over a small town ordering ten year olds down mines or sending them out into snowstorms to break rocks. A couple of very old men who have worked for my town their whole lives, sired many children and tragically lost their wives to old age - these men still work, but I want them dead, because I can't evict them and they're taking up a whole house by themselves and I want a younger 'breeding pair' in the house. When the old widows and widowers die, I let out a happy little 'Yay! Finally!'The only reason I evenhavea graveyard to shovel these spent workhorses into, is because productivity suffers when the dead go unburied.I began the game a nurturing benefactor - now a mere 24 hours in, I'm an iron-hearted tyrant.You have been warned."
76561197989894301,Recommended,242920,11903748,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Warchild,"I've seen city/village building games come and go. This one however is a keeper. Its easy to learn and very straight forward. I'd go as far as to say it has all the best parts of many good City/village building games without the battles every 10 seconds.The game looks very mild at first. My first words were...""I'll fall asleep playing this and my city will probably keep going""...nope.Took a shower and cooked some food...came back and a tornado wiped out the town. So you have to pay attention or it will check to see if you're really there and watching.The graphics are top notch, the game play is excellent, the replay value...Awesome!All the tools needed to build and keep track of every little detail have been thoughtfully provided. Not something you always get in a city building game, It even has a log that you can read back to the simplest thing.You might not conquer the world in this game, but the maps are hard enough."
,Recommended,242920,11806129,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Bha!,"The game falls in the resource city building simulator category, similar to Sim City games, where you have to build a town and make it grow managing it's resources. Game get's too repetitive fast because of the lack of some kind of evolution and you see yourself building and doing the same over and over again.Other than that, it's a quite enjoyable game."
76561197993008497,Recommended,242920,9274577,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Chewybunny,"In many ways a more micromanagement based Tropico like game set in the medieval times. This game is a unique city builder offering up the challenge of survival as the greatest goal in the game. That challenge is actually quite intense as you must watch over your fledgling village grow, expand, and take on new challenges.This game is not for those who want a particular scenerio with the clear start and finish goal. In many ways this is more akin to Sim City, as the goals are made by your own whims and imagination.Suffice it so say, if you are a fan of city builders, this is a gem."
,Recommended,242920,13201509,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,thadpole,"This game is an enigma to figure out. I highly reccomend trying to explore the game yourself, and not looking guides/asking for help. It took me many tries to even get started, and once I thought I was going just fine, something would happen and I'd have to start all over again.This game is a test of patience. There hasn't been any updates to the game, but there is a belief that development is there. The game is small content wise, there isn't a whole lot of variation in what you can do, but honestly it's currently enough. This game is difficult and really fun. It's kind of the perfect mix of casual gaming with competitive, intense gaming."
76561197976421725,Recommended,242920,9192256,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Bob,I will not let this game defeat me. Nor should you.
,Recommended,242920,12179966,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,educated_monkey,"Balance seems to be the most important thing in this highly enjoyable sim. You have a small band of refugees under your care that need everything from shelter to food. You are given the task to make sure they get the right resources from the right spots.And this can get really frutrating sometimes, because you never seem to have enough people for all the jobs that need to be done and never enough resources to get all the items you need.And then winter comes and your people start dying from the cold or from starvation... Or you didn't build enough homes and your village is slowly dying because not enough babies are born.But once you get some balance... it is just  worth it to see the seasons pass and to see your village grow.Absolute favorite 9/10"
76561198045993056,Recommended,242920,9183517,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,rabbiddolphin8,"I was making steady growth after a long time of struggle. Food was in surplus, production was at an all time high, and a schoolhouse was built in the center of town. Then two old farts decided to eat 400lbs of food each, which then led us back into a famine that killed half of my city.11/10 Would play again."
,Recommended,242920,9368738,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Steadlur,This is probably one of the greatest games I've played in recent years. It's extremely addicting and lots of fun. 12/10 from this guy!
,Recommended,242920,9271874,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Noobsauce,"Pros:-Sexy user interface-Balanced strategy, so you can build up your city multiple ways, with all of them being challenging but plausibleCons:-Gets repetitive once you figure out the best ways to get a city running. If you figure out the tricks to this game, you master it quick and it becomes kind've boring.-Limited late-game challenges. Your city can only improve so much, it quickly just becomes a task of making it larger/self-sustaining.-Natural disasters are whacky, some are just ridiculously easy to avoid, while others are so powerful you'd rather just start a new city than deal with recovering from one."
,Recommended,242920,9449535,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,kendallion,"Not often do you get such an in depth and complicated game that is as easy to play as Banished. Banished is a game about trying to create a small town while battling the hardships of cold and hunger. You will have many towns that die due to fire or lack of food, but this can all be prevented with a little forward thinking and planning. The user interface for this game is excellent and provides ease of access to any aspect of your town that you want to control. The game also looks pretty; aside from the reoccurring rain, it's a joy to be able to look at the little town that you have built from scratch.The easy controls, rewarding play, and good graphics make Banished a great game that's worth picking up!"
,Recommended,242920,20360690,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Death,"Famine Sim 2k16. This is a really interesting game and I thoroughly enjoy it. Although if you're new to it and do not know how to manage yourself well, the game can be difficult and frustrating at times, however once you get the grips, and start to learn how to manage your villlage, the game becomes a whole lot more enjoyable. Would recommend."
,Recommended,242920,11644395,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Cricket,Much more difficult than I thought it would be but fun when you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,242920,9439557,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Raikazu,"Banished is one of those games that looks amazing in it's simplicity. A combination of rolling hills, forests and rivers combined with modestly sized and decorated builds make the game look as barebones 'back to nature' as the title would suggest.The game requires you to be adept at planning and building your town from the ground up, with sometimes severe restrictions of resources. You need to manage your population to ensure that you have enough homes, food and clothing to take care of them and you need to assign jobs in order to increase your production. The game can become incredibly difficult and actions made in the first moments of the game can sometimes seriously hinder future progress.I'd highly recommend to anyone who is interested in a well implemented city builder which focuses on keeping your people alive. There's no big talent trees, there's no evolving through the ages, no building troops or managing defenses. Your only enemies are the cold and starvation, so get building."
,Recommended,242920,9230621,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,<|°_°|>,"this game is what every strategy/citybuilder game should be.the very moment you start with this town you already start to make plans for the future.""I will build that over there and that over there, and my mines will go over here next to that thing over there""the first time you build a graveyard next to your church you are happy, because there is no one on that graveyard, that is a sign that you are doing well, but it's the sadness that kicks in when you see the first 2 graves there and you start to wonder:""what happend to them?""but it's also the weird stuff that keeps you going: ""why is that 0 year old girl walking around?.. AND WHY DOES SHE HAVE BOOBS?!""i also like to follow my citizens around on their way to work, i want to see how they are doing on their daily routine.. i followed Sally the Stonecutter for a while, she came from her home got some food and went to her work, i saw her going to the quarry and waving her pickaxe around like there was no tomorrow, as i enjoyed watching as she went back an forth from the storehouse to the quarry something happened, she just vanished...i saw a little sign with a grave on it in the bottom left corner of my screen, it said... ""Sally the Stonecutter was crushed by a rock""that weird feel of emptyness makes this game so alive, I really feel like i have a connection to these people...10/10 Great work mate!!!"
,Recommended,242920,10923864,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Heisse,"I honestly can say that this is one of the best city-building games of all time. Not your typical ""build for money & growth"" city building game, Banished is a ""build for survival and for your villagers"".Starvation and hypothermia are your main threats in Banished, no zombies, no goblins, no mechanical warmachines to decimate your population; just your villagers and Mother Nature.11/10 would starve 3 year old child again."
76561198024878794,Recommended,242920,9895768,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Roger Wilcox,I love this game!!! iv been waiting for a city builder to come out like this! i also think its absolutely amazing the one guy made this game.  and to be honest i havent picked up a consol controller in a few months! mainly because steam and ALLLLLL the indy devs are releasing better and more interesting games!!!!!!!
76561198018504552,Recommended,242920,9507716,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,[WSS]joker42,Did you buy SimCity and now you're angry and sad? This game is for you.Are you a noob at village building games? This game is for you.Are you drunk/high/something else? This game is for you.Are you human or human-ish? This game is for you.This game is amazing and so well balanced. The concept of village building is executed in a very fun way. I haven't found any game breaking bugs and it looks amazing. The sounds are perfect and the tutorial is a fantastic intro. Anyone can pick this up and have a great time.
,Recommended,242920,11976165,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,LÆXE,"Whole population died except one girl that lived alone for 10 years before bunch of nomad immigrants came. They quickly enriched her and the future looked bright for my village.Then everyone died from a disease that someone of the nomads carried, probably ebola...10/10"
,Recommended,242920,20178318,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MOOT!,11/10 would not survive the winter again
,Recommended,242920,11273420,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Byder,"Everybody's dead, Dave."
,Recommended,242920,19439893,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Blarla,"This city-builder strategy game offers a complex and detailed setup while still remaining attractive and fun to play.  It has an easy to use, sleek HUD which will keep the screen almost information free and full of city OR you can fill it yourself with the information screens you wish, with the freedom to move them where you like.While I love many other city builders this one is clearly different.  The challenge is left to the natural, such as running short of firewood in winter, peeps starving due to an exorbitant population, or running short on workers due to slow progression.  There are no 'artificial' type scenarios which one may experience with other strategy games.I find Banished completely immersive and can lose MANY hours while playing.  Zooming in and watching this stunning game is truly addictive.  Watching your peeps move goods, listening to them tinker, from relaxing to the sounds of rain, to hearing the animals.  Can even have ASMR benefits, no? Just me maybe.Banished may take many playthroughs to learn all the intricate details required to perfect this fine balancing act of a game.  Once mastered, however, its appeal may dwindle.  While there are many tricky achievements to get, there is no campaign mode for example to keep your whistle wet."
76561197971532050,Recommended,242920,11599908,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Conditional Love,"A true city builder in that Banished is all about planning & efficiency. You could say playing Banished is ""Zen-like"" because there is no overbearing external pressures - you are merely massaging your production systems for optimal output. But don't rest on your laurels - there is the ever present slow burning drain on your resources - you consume resources to live and build. If you fail to plan ahead your town will wither away: because you didn't store enough food, tools, or materials.The first 100 citizens is an engaging challenge, but then it becomes repetitive - until you hit 300+ citizens when you start to struggle against the natural limits of expanding your large town.Banished was developed by one man, and while I praise his talent, I can't ignore the following issues. The trading mechanic is very basic, but that is 'ok'. There is no stupid combat mechanic like in the Anno series, which is 'great'; The variety of external threats is still pretty good. The production & building requirements are simple - which is bad, ok, or good depending on your love of complex systems (but this is a city builder game you are playing).In comparison to the Anno series, Banished is very basic in many ways. Banished doesn't have the huge variety like in the Anno series (crop variety is not real variety). In Anno 2070 there are many ways to optimise your production because of the intricate production networks you create - but this is not possible in Banished (because it is all AI determined) - but this may be a good thing you prefer your city to be easily understandable.I highly recommend Banished as a good introduction to city builders because of its almost elegant simplicity. When you get bored, which you may not, then try Anno 2070."
,Recommended,242920,9407326,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Rski,Everything dies slowly and i've played the game for 8 hours straight help
76561198255552153,Recommended,242920,32831745,Posted: 26 June,all,Nejat Molla,"My biggest mistake was building a house. A ♥♥♥♥ING HOUSE. That one house was a bit far from storage barn & stuff. I thought it would be cool to have a nice special house near the lake. Now, this poor inhabitants of that specific house i mentioned, couldn't get any food because selfish neighbors kept taking all the food for themselves even though they had food. So people moved into that house, starved to death. Then new people moved in, and they starved to death too. This kept happening, production got lower and lower, and at one point everyone starved to death. By the time i realized i could just destroy the house, it was too late.My tip : Don't build houses"
,Recommended,242920,10879254,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sanctvs,"Banished is a simple 'settlement-builder' game which, I imagine, will continue to take up many hours of my gaming-time. If you jump straight into the game without tutorials then you won't last long, but if you take the time to learn the basics then you will be set for building your cute little villages.Here, though, is the darker side – if you make a mistake in your planning, you can accidentally lead to mass deaths. Unlike games such as SimCity, there are serious consequences for your actions. For instance: in trying to build a Town Hall I soaked up all my iron resources, meaning tool production stopped, meaning my food supply plummeted, meaning a serious famine.A great game that every gamer should try, even those not used to the genre.  All I would ask for is OS X support."
,Recommended,242920,9249582,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,no4u,"Banished is everything a person could want out of a simple town simulation game with all the aspects many other games should follow. The simplistic nature and calming atmosphere immerse a player within their own world. With no balance of scaling the game other than starting conditions and the world around it, every town is a challenge of balance and survival through winter. Definitely worth the buy if you enjoyed any city building game, as it stands out from the crowd by getting game mechanics right."
,Recommended,242920,10920770,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LukeD,"I picked this up in the sales for just under £8 and can immediately say it is well worth that price. I would very much like to see this game progress more and see what else could be added to better justify the £14.99 price tag. But if you're into town/city management games like this (eg. cities xl) then seriously buy this game, cause you will sink hours into it.Gameplay is really nice, UI is very pleasent to use especially when you can drag modules like town stats and a map around to places where you like them to be. It's also really simple to understand and get into. If anything the play style will be the hardest part to get used to.Graphics are really nice as well and the game runs so smoothly, no fps drops or spikes.Overall I would highly recommend picking this game up."
,Not Recommended,242920,10118392,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,SizZLeR,"Despite my thumbdown on this title, the game is good and has potential, the thumbdown is due to a few things that makes the game more or less unplayable.Its not crammed with tons of features, but it holds a few good ones which makes it possible not to lose the overview of things.However, the gameplay is completely ruined by the starvation bug where ppl suddenly start starving to death and theres nothing you can do about it.I have approx. 56 fishermen and 44 gatherers in a population of 250, then I also have some livestock, so basically, almost half the population is producing food, but still they all die from starvation.I was running the town with lots of foods and the stock continuously climbing and with no increase in population, but then suddenly ppl started to starve to death.I added in xtra gathers huts and a couple of fishing stations, took ppl out of the mines and quarry and put them into the food production units I just created and as those who already died didn't need to be fed, I was actually producing more food for even fewer ppl, still the stock of food were tumbling up and down between 500 and 1200 and ppl kept dropping like flies.Hopefully the game will become playable beyond a few hrs of progress some day, but until it does, its not worth investing too much time (or money) in as ur town will be doomed the minute u found it, its all a matter of how many hrs before the starvation bug kicks in.Theres also plenty of room for expanding the AI code to a level where villagers wont make stupid decisions, like one villager I watched, who were grabbing and dropping the same batch of iron in the same spot for 1/4 of an ingame year and when he stopped, he ran out and came back and started over again. :sigh:Also like some villagers might get stuck between buildings where they walk in to, but for some reason cant find their way out of again.Villagers will also vanish into the thin air from time to time with no warnings at all.You wont find out until some production drops massively or is completely halted, due to the fact that whoever worked the given productionunit, has simply vanished.It means that u have to actively monitor all productionunits by clicking each type continuously (one after another) in order to make sure they are up and running 100% and that part soon becomes VERY annoying, especially as u have to dig up replacement workers all the time.Implementing some feature that allows u to set automatic job assignments for the villagers by priority, would be a huge advantage here.Like if u want to have foodproduction set with top priority, so that when a worker within a foodproduction unit vanish, he will automatically be replaced by a worker from a lower priority productionunit e.g. coal mine, stone quarry or whatever u like.Then add in a notification when it happens, so that u are aware that a worker went from ""Mining"" to ""Fishing"".Combined or made with something like ""Automated job assignment"" where u can set the minimum and maximum amount of workers u want in any given line of trait, either so u assign a fixed number of workers or by percentage of the population.The feature shd be free of choice whether to use or not, as some ppl may actually like the micromamangement aspect in clicking single workers and giving them individual assignments.But if u want to try and grow a village to a more massive scale, that micromanagement may just become too tedious and even overwhelming and in that case, automation shd be a possible choice."
,Recommended,242920,9336419,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Carmra,"Half an hour in my villagers were freezing and starving to death so I did the only logical thing, destroyed 3 houses and let perish 32 men, women, and children to shear my population.Needless to say, everything went smoothly from then on.These are the choices you will make in Banished if you don't manage your resources judiciously.Also i have a 25 year old named Rock working in my quarry mining stone. 10/10."
76561197996954748,Recommended,242920,14441963,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,zane74,"This punishingly hard medieval town sim will have you managing not only building materials, but also food, tools, and items to survive winter.  Don't plan effectively, and your town will fold like a cheap suit at an origami expo.  Not enough food from your farms prior to winter?  Everyone starves.  Did you forget to have your woodcutter working this summer?  Prepare for you populous to freeze to death.  Did your blacksmith die of old age, and did you forget to replace him with a young apprentice?  Prepare for your production to slow to a crawl when you run out of tools.  You will manage workers, food sources, renewable building materials (read as: trees), and even housing vacancies.  Ignoring any of these metrics could spell the end of your fledgling colony!  Players are challenged to not only gather resources to survive, but to do so in such a way that is sustainable.While the base game is very good for those of a management mindset, Shining Rock Software has made a smart decision by integrating steam workshop support.  The player community has added a number of resources, such as different crops and livestock, and new buildings as well.  Banished really shines when you add the Colonial Charter mod by [Black Liquid].  Colonial charter adds a large number of resources and new starting options, allowing new players an easier way to learn, and offering veterans numerous options to challenge themselves.Beyond the fun and challenging gameplay, the graphics are also quite nice.  With a multitude of building and road types, your eyes will soon feast upon the robust hamlet you have created, and the sight is both pretty and something to be proud of.  If you like city builders and are looking for a challenge, look no further.  Banished is for you.  You'll be mismanaging (and likely inadvertently killing) your loyal followers in no time.Banished  -http://store.steampowered.com/app/242920/Colonial Charter Mod -http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=373417279&searchtext=colonial+charterStop by and see our other reviews at:http://www.dustimusprime.com/"
76561198006802457,Not Recommended,242920,9254106,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Princess Inkbutt,"To say it's a bad game,  is incorrect.   It's a game of struggle and survival.  Unfortunatly,  once you ""survive""  you are then limited on challenge.  Sure an odd disease may come along,  Tornado,  and fire,  but then as your city grows, the games poor pathfinding and AI become your bigger concerns.   However long it took for this 1 man to make this game,  using ""I'm only one guy"" as an excuse for all its faults is nothing but frustrating.   If you want a little sandbox game,  then this is good, but if you are seriously looking for the rival to Tropico,  Anno, or Sim City 4,  hold onto your 20 dollars for now,  and see if the modding community can polish this into what it should have been, rather than what it is."
76561198119601201,Not Recommended,242920,9279963,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,YeezyJet,"Well its a great game in the tutorial but when you start a village everybody friggin starves or lasts till winter (which is every 5 seconds) and freezes their♥♥♥♥♥♥off and dies of the cold. Every now and again the fishing ports decide that fishing just aint for them and the herdsman decide that despite the full pen of chickens that they could harvest, they suddenly decide that they don't have a job and just stand around with thier thumbs up thier own♥♥♥♥♥ But hands down the worst part of Banished is the fact i can't stop playing it!!! Also people just have loads of kids and then they eat all your food and don't work, even though there are tons of chimneys to sweep (Historical joke.) Alternatively, nobody has babies and everybody just dies out. I hope they fix it because if they do it could be a great game."
76561197990106355,Recommended,242920,9232656,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Dreepa,"This is what Anno should be more about. Settlers have a real work cycle. They look for food, go to work, and look to create new families in emtpy houses you need to provide.A lot of gamers seem to be looking for this kind of game as the steam charts show.Banished was made by one person. 3 years development.I can only dream of what this guy would do if he had a 40 man team in his back. Cause that's where the problem lies:After 4hours there is no new content. You can still expand your settlement, though it is just repetition of the same tasks.It is fun for some days though.If you like micro managing a settlement, give it a try."
,Recommended,242920,9187808,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,twitch.tv/OhJeezums,"This game is beautifully unforgiving. It's like that time where you caught your ex cheating, and you still went back because you're a dumb ♥♥♥♥er. Well worth the money. Best sim of all time."
,Recommended,242920,30419541,Posted: 9 March,all,MyBagel,BRING IT BACK!!!!  This game is great and could use some new love.
,Recommended,242920,19343100,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sindel,"This game might seem boring at first, but it's surprisingly addictive! :D I tried it on my hubby's computer once and I just had to buy it for myself.This game is fun, beautiful and challenging. It even runs on my laptop, yay! :P Every time I think my city has everything under control, something comes up (a natural disaster, disease outbreak, crop infestations...), so there's always something left to do. And if you ever do get bored, just take a look at the mods and a whole new world opens... :PIf you're into city-building games, this game is definitely for you! ⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆"
,Recommended,242920,9349631,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Spacedead,"I love this gamebut the game is just ridiculously hard with the lack of mechanics. with a few tweaks here and there, it'd be fine, but hell, I couldnt ♥♥♥♥ing get past year 6 because instead of building a ♥♥♥♥ing woodcutter, these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s kept ♥♥♥♥ing building sidewalksmaybe if you could set some ♥♥♥♥ing priorities itd be a bit betterbut they always build the useless♥♥♥♥♥♥before the♥♥♥♥♥♥thats going to save their lives."
,Recommended,242920,9308670,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Munno,Premier Communism Simulator. BringDas Kapital. 10/10
,Recommended,242920,9324398,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,JackDaniels325,"What to say about this game.... Very hard to get your foot in the door if your a big planner. I have failed so fast because I keep trying to build things to fast long before the citizen's could sustain it's self.This game is a Challenge. You will need plenty of Patence and planning skills to enjoy this game.I would say get this game if you truely wish to enjoy City planning, that focuses soley on the survival off the land with the occasional trading for farming resources."
,Recommended,242920,10198340,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ღ Distracted ღ,"Banished is, hands down, the most addictive city-builder/strategy game I've EVER played! It is almost impossible to believe that the best game in the genre is made by a single person.  It puts the ""big dogs"" to shame.  That being said, Banished will relax you, it will make you panic, and it will make you mad beyond belief -- until you figure out a good strategy.  Just when you think your town is going well, BOOM... starvation, a lack of tools, or another disaster kicks in.  Say goodbye to all of your little people!I've played this game over 100 hours and just yesterday had my first really successful town of 800 people.  And that was only after a helpful tip from another player.  That lasted for 57 in-game years, then 150 of them died off, one at a time.  Despite how mad this game makes me -- because of my own bad decisions -- I find myself playing it again, and again, and again... DETERMINED to have a really great town.Applause to the developer!  You have me hooked!Update: 600 hours and it still has me addicted!"
,Recommended,242920,9173532,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,artis,Been looking forward to this game for sometime now.  It as not dissappointed.  So far I've managed a small holding of around 25 people.  I'm hoping future updates or mods are released to keep this idea alive.  So far so good.
76561197996545574,Not Recommended,242920,9830832,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Count Zero Interrupt,"This game is inexplicably hard.  The strategies and pathfinding lack any form of reasoning.  For example, gatherer's huts, hunter's lodges, and fishing huts all produce more food per person than farm fields.  If that were in any way realistic, humans would never have moved towards agriculture.  The game boasts scenic, procedurally generated environments.  But, that is the extent of this game's shining points.  Resource gathering is as a whole is a painful and dreary process.  Moreso, however, maintaining reasonable levels of harvestable resources is nigh impossible.  Not to mention that once your town reaches a respectable size, citizens prefer to starve rather than path to the nearest storage barn.  Overall I would give this game a3/10.  If you're looking for a challenging civilization builder, downloadDwarf Fortress, it feels more complete than this game."
,Recommended,242920,9293627,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BunnyPoopCereal,This game is sweet. Will probably give you .50 cents of enjoyment per hour spent playing. Once community tools are released the sky is the limit.
,Recommended,242920,13894270,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,MonthOLDpickle,Typically in a game like this you worry about population last. Well..this game you don't. You need to expand just right...too slow and everybody dies ats ame time of old age. Too quick? There won't be enough food.I also recommend that if you have to step out you save beforehand and leave the game running to see what happens...if its bad just reload.So Population first than everything else.
,Recommended,242920,10276162,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,himura64,"Banished is a fun town simulator game that seems simple at first glance, but requires a lot of managing skills. Its challenging, fun, and very addictive."
,Recommended,242920,10383764,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,darkfire,"Banished is an amazingly built indie simulation game.  I say indie because it is built by Shining Rock Software which consists of one person.  He does everything from the art to the programming.  It is amazing what one person can accomplish.  Like it says on Banished’s own website the game is a throwback to the games that were played in the 90’s.  I am barely old enough to qualify to talk about those games, seeing as I was born in 1989, but even I can remember playing those early simulations games and loving them.  This game for me brings me back to those days when a Sim game of any sort could just waste away whole weeks of your time.  Whether it be Sim City or Sim Farm, those games were just the best.  And it wasn’t about the graphics or the immersion or anything that we usually talk about in games today, but it was about the fun factor.  The exploration and building of a little world that you created.Banished is also a neat little game that you can’t win, but only survive.  And because of that I think most people will find the game boring because there isn’t really much that happens.  You plan and build a little settlement into a town.  Hours upon hours go by if you are doing it right as your town grows.  Eventually you just run out of resources and your little ecosystem comes crashing down all around you.  The game however is actually very hard because if you “overexpand” the same thing can happen and lives will be lost so it is important to plan ahead.All in all I can wholeheartedly suggest that everyone should try Banished.  With my current disappointment in Sim City, Banished fills that gaming whole for me and then some.  It is a great game to pick up and play between gaming sessions and on those “raining” days where you just want to sit around and play a fun simple game."
76561197982885585,Recommended,242920,10330930,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Nauticaljunky,"Great game. Decent replay value. Once you figure out the general causes of death for the village and avoid them, it's all about taking your time and having fun with as large of a town as possible."
76561197970524074,Recommended,242920,11441802,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Vector Rush,This game is super fun.
,Recommended,242920,9187705,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,log1 (Rodolfo),"great game, hard as f**k."
,Recommended,242920,9226974,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Kalishir,Things were going well until a fire burned my storage barn and all my food. 3 years later everyone was dead.10/10.
,Recommended,242920,10214328,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zombie Oracle Solaris,"This is pretty fun. It reminds me of a Sim City/Age of Empires twist, and it goes further than that. You have to maintain a society strategically, taking into consideration environmental factors and supply/demand.The only thing I wish the developers would do is have an option for increased map sizes and different pallets. Tropical Islands/Jungle would be interesting.I'd highly recommend."
76561198045291569,Not Recommended,242920,17680479,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,wreck86,This game gets old very fast. After just 12 hours of playing I'm already bored of it. The gameplay is tedious and incredibly imbalanced. AI is unresponsive. It was fun for about the first hour before realising that unless you play perfectly something will always come up and wipe your whole town out in a matter of minutes - regardless how much time you invested into it up to that point. This game is not worth $20.00. Very disappointed.
76561198050852315,Recommended,242920,23161833,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,smattsen,Banished is a fun liitle game
,Recommended,242920,19865455,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sweater Monster,"Randomizes town name.Bushtown.Starts first game.Makes all civilians gather resources.Too many resources.Makes new stockpile.Can`t put anything in stockpile.Civilians stand around a well, doing nothing.Winter comes.Lose 20 civilians.Continues town with natural selection winners like nothing happened.Would lose 20 civilians again."
,Recommended,242920,13634503,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Steph,"Great game. I love simulation city builder games and this is perfect. However, you cannot relocate the buildings, and if you can I can't find out how to do it. This is a big problem for me because I have OCD and I need everything perfectly lined up. I have to make new houses and destroy the other ones I start with, drives me crazy. I also wish the people were not so gluttonist. The workshop mods are a must have, especially the flatten ground, I hate hills. Overall, I can see myself putting hours and hours into this game only to see everyone die off an hour into it lol.Edit: My beekeeper got stabbed to death. Awesome."
,Recommended,242920,12798410,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Stephen,"This game will challenge you in a good way. It takes away the wars and fighting other nations or towns, and challenges you to survive and thrive as you build your city and balance your resources."
76561197999128016,Recommended,242920,18945982,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Rittorcfist,This game has reaffirmed that I should not be in charge of the well being of living beings.
76561197996457533,Recommended,242920,10413966,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Moonbat,"Rarely do I love a game as much as I love Banished.  It's atmospheric - the sounds of rain, wind, and seasons are beautifully done, and the music is melancholy and haunting, but lovely.  The sagas of the people you watch over in these tiny, scrappy towns could be used to write a Steinbeck novel.  There is tragedy and hardship, but also, a kind of rugged, pastoral beauty.At the end of the day, it's just a wonderfully pure gaming experience.  A rare thing, these days.  For the price, it's more than worth it.  My hours played should speak for themselves."
76561198056278603,Recommended,242920,10596521,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AMorphicTool,"This game gave me simple pleasure, the pleasant music and alluring nature of the environment lured me in from the get go. Then I experienced my first famine and from then on the game became a battle and it wasn't a battle for epic or for even moderate it was a battle just to be mundane and survive and I loved it!!Nothing was more satisfying than getting a town to survive long enough to have 200 inhabitants. However even then even when I had lots of food, plenty of clothes, abundant tools it can all go to hell in that precious few moments. 2 Bad winters and my people started to starve, you are never safe and this game requires 100% attention and 100% dedication but it is by no means boring.A game I proudly own. Made by one guy too! One guy!"
76561198038152551,Recommended,242920,10539676,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nukecell,"Game is highly addictive. I rage quit for a few days due to the bugs (mostly do to starvation or lazy laborors), but after several updates the gameplay is much smother. If you want action, stay clear of Banished. But if you like city planning/builder games you should very much enjoy this one. Almost reminds me of Anno 1602 without the armies."
,Recommended,242920,10629412,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PoorSweetTeapipe,"Honestly, it's a really fun economically based game. I have a major love for city/strategy games, and this one certainly doesn't disappoint. I think the price is spot on too - for what you're getting, it's worth the $20 (unless you got it on sale of course). There's a lot of replay value, and it does provide enough of a challenge without being too terribly overwhelming.So, yes, I definitely suggest getting this game if it's up your alley!"
76561198116728943,Recommended,242920,10529766,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,afreedman1776,Fun game. Steep learning curve.
,Recommended,242920,9207988,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,maldoror,"A little bit Anno, a little bit Cleopatra, a little bit Sim City & a dash of Tropico. This game is an excellent and relaxing addition to the city building genre and has plenty of ideas of its own as well. It is of course a sandbox in every way and if you like missions and scripted events in your city games (why would you?) you may want to stay away, otherwise do not miss out on this one. If the dev releases mod tools as they claim they will it will be even better."
76561198049502568,Recommended,242920,25113343,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Zero [ Aux ],"Rating 7/10Fun game for a little bit, but an immense lack of longevity due to no ""win condition"", and nothing particularly engaging after you've amassed a decent population that cannot die."
76561198092167212,Not Recommended,242920,22117909,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,TheProfessionalOne,"This game is a waste of time. After 7 hours of gameplay, I have pretty much done everything with a population of 50. From here on. I'm supposed to build the same buildings over and over and over and over and over and over until the population becomes unstable?Sorry. I'm not into farmville. The trade system stinks too. I have more resources than ever necessary with multiple barns, a marketplace, and my trading dock is almost full with thousands upon thousands of inventoried items. When a trade ship comes, it brings nothing I ordered. I trade with them for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles cause they bring nothing, offer nothing, and nothing happens over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.Bah!"
76561198043114744,Recommended,242920,32510142,Posted: 17 June,all,Crowbar,"If you liked the old 1602 or 1503 games this game is good for you though there is no combat element like there was in those other games. Getting the population just right so that they dont all age out and die is a reall challenge. Luckly there is the nomads to replace population is thigs get to far out of balance, but only if you finish the required buildings before you have nobody to build with."
,Recommended,242920,14782857,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sofisma,"Jaide was the first baby born during the population crisis, a new hope to the town. After a couple years more children were brought into the world by the citizens and a new generation was secured. I accompanied Jaide's life closely, often checking on her in her parent's house near the gatherer's hut admist the forest.The girl became the first attendant to the village's school, a village where half the population was illiterate, years before any other child would come to attend. Graduated at 18, I was proud to see her become an efficient educated worker and help the others in their struggle to survive. One summer I was surprised to see that Jaide was no longer living with her parents, she had moved in with Dicki, a 16 year old still in school; they had a daughter of their own in that very season.The town hit it's lowest population of all time while Jaide was an adult, as the older folk were quickly dying of old age, but Dicki and his wife had 5 kids, all parts of the silver lining above the food shortage and low workforce. Years later another generation was finally reaching adulthood and the people started seeing better days.Jaide died in the autumn of '20 of old age. When the message announcing her death popped up my eyes shed a single tear.10/10"
,Recommended,242920,9188884,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,BigBabyDuke,"Katniss Everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister's place in the Hunger Games, a televised fight to the death in which two teenagers from each of the twelve Districts of Panem are chosen at random to compete... Oh, wait that's a different story. Anyways, everybody is going to starve and die."
76561197980497838,Recommended,242920,9186235,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,The Tallest,"I highly recommend this game. Considering one guy did what companies like EA failed to do with games of this type. This game is fun, addicting and difficult. If you are looking for a town building game without having to be worried about being attacked then this is your game. Just don't be surprised when all your villagers die of starvation or get wiped out bu nature."
76561198022972763,Recommended,242920,9213054,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,2max,"""Try to prevent your citizens from dying due to starvation simulator"" featuring an assortment of beige, green and grey. Simcity 2013 was a walk in the park, Banished however is challenging, somewhat better (which is not surprising) and addictive."
76561198027258511,Recommended,242920,9174619,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Kalriza,"Well i got this game thinking hey, maybe it will keep me occupied for a bit. if i spend even a few hours than its worth it. BUT!!!! it was so much more, ive played all day since i got it and cant stop playing it. Kudos to the makers and i hope they make more content for it. So thanks cause even if i got it for 60 usd i think it would be worth it! Also before i go, i must admit its the first time i got addicted to a game so fast."
,Recommended,242920,9178233,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,TehSemyonov,"Banished is not a 4X game. I say that as a huge 4X gamer.Of the ""eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate"" there is really only eXpand and eXploit.Really though, it's more of a survival game than anything.I played all day, and I love it, though there are some things people should know.RPS did a great review which falls in line with my experience.The fun comes from the difficulty in my opinion. It is NOT as easy as you say. Mother nature is a cold ♥♥♥♥♥, and you feel that in this game (figuratively and literally).You need to balance carefully where your workers go, and how many you assign to each job, in addition to watching resource amounts, health, and happiness, and making sure you have enough houses.If you don't have enough houses, your citizens won't keep having babies, and you won't expand. It's not static though; those citizens keep getting older, and one day you'll look up and 3 quarters of your population has died, and you have no way to recover.Disasters can strike, literally ending the game for you. It's almost rougue-like in that aspect. It's not SimCity where you simply re-build. If people died, you can't replace them.Banished is simply unforgiving, especially on the higher difficulties.I enjoy it because apparently I'm a glutton for punishment, but also I rarely find games that TRULY challenge me.I'm not sure on the longevity, but there will be a mod kit released at some point.Get this if you enjoy things like this, but it's not for everyone. It won't hold your hand.Here's just a taste of what happened to me today:""I was doing great until a tornado came through and killed all the children and young adults in the town.What I was left with was a population of elderly useless people who couldn't reproduce.Essentially I had nothing to do but wait for them all to die, barring some kind of miracle.Eventually, years later, the last two people were left. A husband and wife. The husband died of old age, and I expected the wife to die soon as well.But no. She decided she was gonna give me the middle finger and keep on keepin' on until the ripe old age of 92. I guess she didn't appreciate the last 20 years I had her work in the mines for no good reason.As a final ♥♥♥♥ you I had her build her own cemetery, so there's that.""As far as polish, it's extremely well done. Haven't come across any bugs, and this is a game ONE man did over the course of 3 years or so. The seasons changing is gorgeous, and it's pretty in it's own way. Though the buildings could use more differentiation.The UI definitely needs work though. It's useable, but comes across like a spreadsheet simulator many times.Overall, I'd give it a 7 out of 10, for polish and difficulty, though also accounting for it's UI issues and unfailing ability to make me stay up way too late."
,Recommended,242920,32691908,Posted: 23 June,all,Ragga,"One of the best Village Building Games!!!Get it... you will die and die often and then you will live a little bit longer, but eventually die!  Very satisfying considering many city builders don't offer more than a small challenge in the beginning!"
,Recommended,242920,9611151,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Riorach,Insane amounts of fun!
,Recommended,242920,11804784,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Latte,So far so good.
,Recommended,242920,11120581,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Keldric,"Great city building games are few and far.  Banished is a very fresh take on the genre, and takes it a few steps futher than others.  This is an outstanding game, and any who are into builders should play it.PROSEasy to pick up the basics (the tutorials don't kill the mood and weigh the fun down), just the right amount of difficulty.  Once you understand what it takes to make it through the first winter or two, you get a great feeling of accomplishment.  That's when things start going wrong.  The game really makes you analyze what you did try different methods.  Never once was I disappointed when a town died out.Introduced the idea of sustainability to a city building game.  Most games like this have either a single resource (money), or several that are used to build stuff.  Banished makes it much more real by consuming your resources the way they should be.  It's your job to make sure you don't expand too quickly, or remain stagnant and your villagers die of old age before a new generation comes in.Many city builders are plagued by annoying micromanagement and not enough of the right kind of customization.  The way they designed how you can assigned different types or workers and change them on the fly is awesome.  Also, the idea of being able to limit your resources and how they are used adds a great layer to the game. You'll quickly learn that maybe it wasn't such a great idea to make a crapload of tools for your town.CONSThe only thing I can really think of is some people may want more options of buildings, jobs, crops, tools, etc... While I think they did a good job, some may want a bigger variety.  I can understand some of the negative reviews about how it doesn't have a lot of content, but I believe the gameplay is good enough to play a long time."
,Not Recommended,242920,10091826,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,RogerWilco80,"Try as I might to actually like this game it is far too unbalanced to be what it claims. Love the graphics and most of the relaxing feel when everyone is working, but with the sudden swing that comes when some of the eldely die and housing becomes available away from a person's actual job it eventually screws you... With no way to designate one service as a higher priority it is beyond frustrating to have everyone starve in no time because the citizens decide to travel to the furthest location available for the same job."
,Recommended,242920,25538929,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PeppercornSteak,I love this game but it sure doesn't love me.
76561198076421166,Recommended,242920,9771189,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,PostMalone's ugly ass,fantastic fun game and once you manage to make alot of excess supplies its fun to just build and see how big you can make your town!10/10 would rebuy
,Recommended,242920,9174791,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Gamerofthegame,"It's simple. It's no Dwarf Fortress, maybe more of a cross between Sim City and the Anno series, just without the complex spreadsheet-based gameplay of either. There isn't a lot of variety in the gameplay, even the maps are simply ""How much does it rain/snow? How much impassable mountains are there?"" and with both the inability to pick where you spawn and how fast you kick the bucket if you don't set up immediately means you're just stuck with whatever the game starts you out on. Once you do get started, though, it's mostly twiddling your thumbs and trying to set up constant resources while hoping you actually get people.But, despite all that, it really isn't a bad game. This review was made when it was first released and it's being actively developed, so circumstances could change. If it's on sale or you have a itch for this sort of game you can do much worse."
,Recommended,242920,33270900,Posted: 5 July,all,Jack The Ripper,"-Very entertaining little city building/survival game. Very easy to get into, dont even need to do the tutorial, with trial and error my 3rd settlement was going very good until i realised everyone had started dying of old age.-The music in this game is amazing and adds a great deal to the overall atmosphere.-Difficulty gets harder as you progress, but just the right amount. And just when you think you've seen it all, something else happens.-This game is more survival/RTS than city building, and that's why i love it. There is always something going on, something else to fix, unexpected events that you have to work around (diseases, natural disasters, livestock and crop infestations, etc.).-I picked this up on sales and havent regreted this purchase one bit. 100% worth a buy."
,Recommended,242920,15881892,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,A Spicy Meatball,"Banished is basically a medieval Sim City.  You can even modify it to have different era graphics.  There are tons of mods in the workshop to choose from.The game really is all about population control, and to the novice player can be very hard.  Play it a bit and you will see that it is worth the price of admission.I had a great deal of fun playing this game.  I hope you do too."
76561198067713899,Recommended,242920,9174511,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Fookin Laser Sights,"This was easily one of my most anticipated games of the year, and it was worth waiting 2 years for. I have played for a little over and hour and a half and it is already my favorite game. I would pay up to 60 bucks for this game. There are no wars or enemies, only survival in an isolated region of wilderness. You must collect rescources to survive, such as wood, stone, and iron. Do not underestimate mother nature. 10/10."
76561198077583455,Recommended,242920,9175528,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,.Rollout.,This game makes you feel like a God!!! and it's relaxing and rewarding Highly recommended!
,Recommended,242920,9238021,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,aaagghh...,Winter soon fellow farmer!
76561198094813475,Not Recommended,242920,12806341,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Graewind,"The game is completely ruined for me by utterly abysmal AI. I just can't handle the stupidity of the townsfolk. It makes the game very difficult to manage but for the completely wrong reasons... For example:- Out of four houses in my town, two houses would be starving and the other two would have way too much food than they needed. This was purely because certain townsfolk would get to the food first and take it all for themselves. Even though the two houses that were starving were actually closer to the food source.- People would completely ignore that fact that they were starving and let themselves die. Going to work when they should prioritise feeding themselves. And even leaving their starving new borns at home to die.These problems quickly resulted in a downward spiral of death and labour shortage. Further resulting in a completely dysfunctional town. I tried to play three times. This happend everytime and I gave up in total boredom. Yes I haven't played for very long but regardless of time played the AI would not change it's behavior."
,Not Recommended,242920,32552216,Posted: 18 June,all,TDuffin,"Fun for a few hours if you get it cheap. It's sadly very ""unfinished"" imo. as in it lacks a lot of its potential because the devs finished with it too early. Had it received another year or so of content updates it would be amazing. At the current time, you might enjoy it."
,Recommended,242920,25254236,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,njsfigo,"If you want to justify once and for all to your boyfriend/girlfriend that the only thing that separates mankind from an inevitable extinction is to make sure that the earth is well seeded by the next generation of young laborers, laborers which can only be produced by fertile and age-correct people such as yourself, then by all means buy this game."
76561198078750612,Not Recommended,242920,9775957,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,goose_803,At the time of this review I have wasted 21 hours of my life on this game its fun to play and would be a great game except for one problem its getting very annoying having to start a new village every 4 hours because 3 out of my 20 or so citizens dont like to share food literaly just one family in my entire village will take 50 food for every 100 I produce effectivly killing my population of starvation until this is fixed I would not recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,242920,11798309,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Malkevin,"Its an okay game but it lacks depth.Theres very few buildings to build (less than a dozen) and the villagers have no personality.You'll fail a few villages at first but after a couple of hours, once you've learned how to balance food production with population, you'll have built every building and from then on its a simple case of building more homes and more farms to support your booming population.If you're expecting a simplified graphical Dwarf Fortress this isn't it.Wait until it gets a big discount sale."
76561197972139564,Not Recommended,242920,16313142,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jingle Dell,"This is a very simplistic game. There are about 20 buildings, from houses to farms, orchards, markets, etc. At the start it can be challenging because you have little margin for error. If you run out of food, everyone starves. However, once you master that challenge, there's basically nothing else to do other than make the city bigger. There are no advanced supply chains or goals, it's just rebuilding the same 20 buildings over and over. And about 8 of these buildings are to make food. I bought this for the good reviews, but this game will entertain you for about four hours. After that, there's just nothing to keep your attention, unless you just want to make the biggest city you can."
,Recommended,242920,9184451,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Thinking Potato,My population stopped growing.I find out that my villagers are too old to have sex
,Not Recommended,242920,29193694,Posted: 11 January,all,pejhmaun,Amazing concept for an indie Game looked fun. When I started I was excited but then realized how little there was to do. Makes it very easy to get bored as the game becomes repetetive. Needs work
76561198038951200,Not Recommended,242920,32985248,Posted: 29 June,all,ColdRain,"At first its like yeah cool game and then u become stable and grow and.... now what... nothing new to find or get or do... boring, did play it over the years again and was bored.... again"
76561198097283484,Recommended,242920,23431294,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,DeadlyShadow401,"there are two main things I must say about this game that sway my decision of this review, but there is one bad thing that really must be addressed when it comes to the AI in this game. We will start with the good things. :)1. Great Time Waster (In a good way) - I have spent a few good hours of my life playing this game and to be honest if someone asked me if they should buy it, I would grab them by the collar of their shirt and ask really loudly, ""WHY THE HELL HAVEN'T YOU BOUGHT THIS YET?!?"" before quickly dragging them to their computer to buy the game. Mainly I remember sitting at home waiting for my friends to show up which wasn't for another three hours, so I decided I would play Banished until they got there, not four hours later I finally noticed my friends had been sitting in my living room downstairs for an hour waiting for me. So yes if you need to pass time quickly get this game, just be sure to set and alarm if your like me and lose track of time.2. A Glorious Challenge - I can't stress how much of a challenge this game can be even on easy if you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ seed you will have your hands full trying to keep all your settlers from dying of starvation, hypothermia, or just plain sadness. But starvation leads me to the one issue I have with this game.THE ONLY CON IN MY OPINION IS THAT THE AI ARE A BUNCH OF RESOURCE HOARDING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!I have had multiple games fail due to one family of settlers taking 75% of all the food I had for themselves leaving the other 85% of my population to fight over the reamaining 25%. Frankly this has stopped me from playing this great game and it really peeves me that this one thing with the AI is what kills the game for me. If I had the time or capacity to mod this game, it would be a rationing mod so I can set up what people take from the barns I would honestly have no bad things to say about this game.I hope this helps those of you looking to get this game and if you do get it, holy hell best of luck."
,Recommended,242920,19447046,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,pwl,Great game! :) 10/10
,Recommended,242920,9208344,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Alpha__XJ,"This is a very fun game. Its a little hard when you first start off, but once you get the hang of things and know what you need to do, the game becomes so addicting and intense. This is a really good strategy game."
,Recommended,242920,9172140,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Crawiz,"Absolutely the best city-building (or in this case, village-building) game that I have played. 5/5"
,Recommended,242920,9229312,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Galfridus,Been playing for several hours now - I must say this is a very refreshing city builder. In a time when A rate games take months to become playble - This game is well polished right out of the 'box'. For anyone looking for a relaxing city builder at your own pace with no pesky multiplayer elements - this is your game.
76561198004663114,Recommended,242920,9287253,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Czyrek-Marc,"This is certianly just as much a survival game as it is a city builder, don't expect for the city to run itself ~ your population will constantly be in flux and so will their needs. I highly recomend this game and find it alot of fun managing a growing town and trying to keep it stable.Number one tip is: keep building houses early game! Children wont move out unless there is a new house for them to start a family.Number two tip is: concentrate on stable year round food sources first (fishing, gathering, hunting) and don't overlap two of the same (two fishing, two gathering etc) circles! or they'll produce less."
76561198049518981,Recommended,242920,9232651,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Harry,This game is amazing! :D Pls buy 10/10
76561197966748894,Recommended,242920,9258567,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Bear,"Amazeballs. Polished, no bugs encountered, made by one guy (I believe), simple to learn, difficult to master, lots of game combinations to keep you challenged.Puts Sim City to shame."
76561197974007126,Recommended,242920,10165569,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mikey,"This game is great.  It is solid gameplay at a fair price.  It is more challenging than your standard sim because everything has direct consequences, moreso than in other sims.  For instance, if let yourself run low on tools, you will quickly find that people don't work as effectively.  People that don't work effectively are mining for the materials that the blacksmith makes to make the tools.  So you run out of iron, coal, and logs to make tools.  Farmers, hunters, and other food bearing people need these tools.  So then you starve and your village becomes a ghost town, all because you let yourself run low on tools.The game mechanics remind me of back when Stronghold was a good game, a couple releases back.  There were things in Stronghold that I wish were in this game, such as taking wheat to a mill to make flour that you take to a bakery to bake bread.  More of a ""tech tree"", if you will.  But the few elements that this game does have (metal, coal, various food types, wood, etc) are done extremely well.Banished has some fresh ideas as well, such as crop and animal diseases, various human diseases (filthy nomads!), and schools.  Regarding schools, educated villagers perform better but are a drain on resources until they graduate.The graphics and sound are great for a game at this price point, and I only suffered one crash to desktop in my over 500 hours of gameplay.About that.. The insane amount of time you see that I've played Banished isn't entirely accurate.  One of the things I enjoyed with the game was to see if I finally created a self-sufficient, self-surviving village, and then I would go to bed and leave it running.  9.9 times out of ten I would wake up to see that I didn't think things through in one area or another, or that a tornado had come through, or my pastures were diseased, or....If you like sim builders, and are up for a challenge, Banished is definitely for you!"
,Recommended,242920,13051220,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,smartACE,"Banished is a fantastic indie city simulator, or maybe town simulator. The game is challenging, it doesn't hold your hand through every step, so you get a sense of accomplishment as your city grows. There's no advisors or missions telling you what to do next, which is a refreshing change. Balance plays a critical role as you decide what to build and try to keep your growing population warm and fed. Grow too fast and there won't be enough food for everyone, chop down all the trees and you won't have resources for the future. Every decision is important as you weigh the cost of the resources you use up and the workers you'll have to assign.That said, there is a point in the game where you have done most of the things available to you and gameplay can get stagnant. But until new content shows up, you can always just start a new city and deal with a whole new set of challenges.8/10"
76561197961632157,Recommended,242920,14702527,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Gula,"Excellent mods. Excellent game. Very zen like once you get the hang of it. If you enjoy city builders then this is right up your alley. Theres no combat, there is no online play. Its the kind of city builder you get addicted to for a few days, put down for a few weeks, but keep coming back to for years."
76561198044753438,Recommended,242920,11613868,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Dark Dragon,"So I have put 100 hours into the game so far and I'd have to recommend it if you are looking for a RELAXING game.  It may start hectic at first, but eventually you learn that speed multiplier is your long-time friend.  A bit of a learning curve for settlement management, but trial and error is a wonderful instructor.  If you have trouble here's a few hints:PAUSE the game early on while you place your initial layout, editing as you go along, and pause each build.  You can then activate each one 1-2 at a time when you restart the game.TRACK all your core resources closely (iron, stone, logs, firewood, and food). Lack of firewood or food WILL kill you.BUILD at a pace.  Do NOT have multiple open build projects active at once.  Prioritize and only have 2-3 at a time going.TOWN HALL will bring in nomads, if your health/happiness is above ~50%TEACH your people ASAP with a school.ALE and religion will raise happiness, CEMETERY will keep it steady.DEVELOP a variety of food sources, and learn how to use them for secondary benefit (wool, leather, ale, TRADE)RELAX... get comfortable and take an interest in thoughtful development.ROADS are an utter waste of time while active builds are going.  They may also divert your builders from more important work.PLAN your settlement out in advance.  You can designate buildings and FREEZE their resource demands and builds for later on (mines, quarry, bridges, tunnels, markets, trader, town hall, etc).EXPLOIT your terrain.  Plant trees in open areas, and place associated resource gatherers within the AoE. (hunter, herbalist, gatherer, maybe even a woodcutter and small stockpile).SEND me a message, or a question, and I'll do my best to help you out.  I give this game a 9/10.  -1 for unminimizeable windows, an apparent non-exponential population growth to population ratio, and use of text in game that borders on beyond too small)"
76561198008958028,Recommended,242920,12932648,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Kane Did Nothing Wrong,Best game ever. I got to accidently murder people because I didnt have the proper resources then population whithered because 1 Child stole all the food.10/10 would give 1 child all the food again
76561197961025714,Recommended,242920,9310366,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Stubbins Farmskins.com,"great city building game, small, no war, nothing flashing but is amazing. been waiting for a game that didnt throw in a bunch of unneeded features that just get in the way but is still challenging beyond belief. probably the best $20 indy game i have ever bought."
,Recommended,242920,9251409,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,modboy84,"Must play if you enjoy starving a village of 80 people... Making them freeze to death... Dieing of Influenza, Dysentery & Old age. This game should instead be called Pioneer Death Simulator.Thouroughly enjoyed this game. A must play if you like difficult sim games."
76561198023576692,Recommended,242920,11276461,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Archaeoptyrix,"if you liked stronghold series but wish the economics were better, youll like this."
76561198069820239,Recommended,242920,9370537,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,PsionicBarber,I gotta say best simulation game i've played in some time great job!
,Recommended,242920,9995099,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Tickle Me,I love this game <3
,Recommended,242920,18411518,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Reverend D,"Banished is a fun and interesting city builder once you get the hang of it. Despite the riveting negative commentary that nearly persuaded me to give this game a pass I am certain I'll be playing this for quite some time. Comments about the game lacking content are completely unfounded in my opinion (besides, pong and asteroids didn't need content to be fun.)The overall command system is fairly easy to master, and the ""micro-management"" referred to by many is actually just assigning jobs to citizens (some of the comments made it sound like they had almost no autonomy) and ensuring you have everything they need to survive and thrive. Yes, your townsfolk will starve if you neglect to plan ahead, but I was able to keep my food stores full on my first try just by anticipating the worst. Think sustainability, and don't grow too quickly, and you'll be in for a great gaming experience."
,Recommended,242920,9334219,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Khouri,"My first attempt at a village, they all starved the first winter.  My second attempt, they all froze the second winter.  My third attempt, some froze and some starved the third winter.  Been playing for hours, no where's close to a single achievement.... I love this game :D"
,Recommended,242920,9253840,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,PoweredByHentai,"Banished is a game about managing HUMAN RESOURCES.Just because you have farms doesn't necessarily mean that the farmers are working every day of the year.  This means micromanaging your farms so that all your farmers are productive farmers from spring through autumn and firing them all to abuse them as extra labor for other more pressing needs like construction projects and basic laborers or even having them work the quarries and mines.At some point, you can forgo the micromanagement and focus on the more pressing matters such as how your city is laid out.  Designing a city with good layout is very difficult in this game owing to the geography but getting to a population of 500+ is entirely possible.Planning expansions is also important to the survival and welfare of your city because if your expansion is one fully zoomed out screen away from the nearest point of civilization, your citizens will DIE from starvation or the cold.  Timing your expansion is also important.I wish my citizens were smarter about getting food from the marketplace right next to them instead of running two fully-zoomed out horizontal screens from one end of the map to the other only to die from starvation... despite my having 40k food stocked in multiple barns and marketplaces spread all over the city.Oddly enough, these issues really haven't distracted me from the game.  That said, I still consider this game to be far superior to last year's DRM City."
76561198035874734,Recommended,242920,9327095,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,u2tall,"This is an great game. Once I started to ""get it"" it became extremely addictive at Civ levels. Developed by a single person? I'm super impressed and I can't wait to see more"
76561198040630502,Recommended,242920,11485020,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,AppleBerry,"I have played many games that have had me telling myself just ten more minutes,This game has me saying just another hour.In one hour I could maybe overcome a fire the tore through my town deal with the plague killing the children.In one hour I build schools, markets and see my town thrive, if only for a moment.This game has a calm tension to it, one eye on the little people running around the market the other on the slowly diminishing food supplies.It's a deceptively simple game"
76561198064316620,Recommended,242920,9358841,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Pennywise,"This game could be a FANTASTIC game if they would fix the system where every villager takes as much food as possible and shoves it in their mouth to where eventually this leads to rapid death and starvation. For example I had a town and after trying everything possible I just made a bunch of fishing huts and two farms. When I looked at the inventory of a house I saw that they hade every ♥♥♥♥ing peice of fish in the game. They had over 400 pieces of fish! I looked and saw this was the same case throughout all the houses. In the end everyone died of starvation. I don't like that if you are short on one material that it leads to your ultimate demise. So maybe the creator could make it so villagers did not take so much food. Or maybe you get more materials so you don't die. Right now I give this game a 7 out of 10. But if they fixed it I would make it a 9 out of 10.So after playing this game once again after an update or two I thought they would change the AI so they didn't take the world's population of food and ♥♥♥♥ themselves in the♥♥♥♥♥by having a Thanksgiving feast in every home every night so they don't have♥♥♥♥♥♥for food two days later. I noticed it was slightly better but not much instead the population of my town caught autism while looking for a settlement. When you want♥♥♥♥♥♥built where there are trees the builders 40% of the time will stick their tumbs in their asses and walk around staring into the sun and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves instead of do their ♥♥♥♥ing jobs. Leading to an exhausting effort to get these♥♥♥♥♥♥heads to move their asses. Many seasons later the ♥♥♥♥ing structure is built but it is too late because 75% of your population has died in that time. #♥♥♥♥YOUBUILDERS. I wish the builders would build the structures in the order I ordered them to be built in instead of doing the one that is closest. Who am I kiding I just want a guarentee that they will build at all. Also I would think that a fishing hut would produce as or as close to as mush as a hunters hut. No that would make too much sense, if a hunter kills one ♥♥♥♥ing deer it is given 100 but if I have 4 fishermen fishing they get around 40. In what ♥♥♥♥ing universe does a deer give anywhere close to 100 meat. I should expect that considering every household eats 3000 potatos. The pathing also sucks. If I build a road I expect the people to use the road. Instead they waltz through the grass when there is a road right beside them. The name of this game should be ""Autismville"" and the description should be ""If a group of Autist engore themselves stand idle and die"". I swear ants function better than these ♥♥♥♥ers. This game needs an AI fix and balanced. I played the game exactly like the tutorial and still failed. I wish I could successfully play this game once in my lifetime. I am changing my rating to an ""OW I AM DYING OF STARVATION"" out of ""WAIT I AM SUPPOSED TO BUILD♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;."
76561198094453555,Recommended,242920,9221595,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,SafetyDance,"To me it feels like Dwarf Fortress in ""arcade mode"", but still a very good game."
,Recommended,242920,13306811,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mintchip,"I absolutely love this game. The music is awesome, and the visuals are satisfying :) If you're a citybuilder/maintenence lover like me you're going to enjoy this game. If you never really enjoyed sim-style games like this you might be a bit disappointed.  However there are a lot of cool mods you can install and try as well that give the more experienced player a challenge. The developer updates every month or so, and last I heard he made the entire game himself! Which speaks volumes to his dedication to the players and the game."
76561198034698316,Recommended,242920,9238030,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,1Freak1015,"This game is one of the few games I can fully recommend. For being a game developed by one man, Banished is amazingly polished. All mechanics work pretty gosh darn well. The soundtrack is beautiful. The only thing I could wish for is for the job assignment could have more depth. I like this game because it doesn't try to be another game. Banished is totally its own thing, no zombies, no shooty shooty bang bang, just a nice medival city sim that is worth every penny I paid to play it. 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,9199378,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Rarr,Love this Game with my life.
76561197970688240,Recommended,242920,9309879,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Rolly  Polly,It's been favourably compared to dwarf fortress. It does have the same issue of being a bit dull if things are going well. The long term gameplay becomes dependant on the map gen screwing you just enough that you're always trying to beat some supply shortage to stop your villagers from expiring hilariously through starvation or exposure.
,Recommended,242920,9310600,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,A Hamilton,"This game is solid, like 9/10. Great gameplay, simple mechanics, sometimes can be perplexing, but hey, its a city builder. I Recommend this for anyone new to the genre."
,Recommended,242920,13655575,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,nexigen ツ,"This is a peaceful, relaxing game.  No combat, no soldiers, no defenses, no conquering what-so-ever.  The game primarily focuses on resource management, especially food management.  You grow your city at your own pace, fast or slow, doesn't matter.  The traders come very rarely at first which is a bit of a milestone.  From them you can purchase seeds, livestock, food, etc. in exchange for your own goods.  Not all traders have the same thing.  One might have peach seeds while the next 5 might have coats and leather.  I've played games that take years before I get livestock.The visuals, ambient music and sound effects, are all pretty good."
,Recommended,242920,9326256,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Illanre L. Suinim,"What is there to say about Banished that has probably not been said already?First, and foremost, Banished is a City Builder based upon the premise that you are in charge of the survival of the people. You tell them where to harvest resources and place buildings. What buildings to build and what jobs they must fulfill. This is not a necessarily easy game as it relies upon someone being able to predict the effects that the seasons will have upon your food as well as how many workers will you lose much less gain.Banished is, for the most part, one of the most realistic city builders that I have seen but I am also the worst to ask about city builders. I've only ever played SimCity, the old ones, and never really took the time to play the newer SimCities [I have a strong dislike for EA]. It touches a part of me that favors the more Medieval period of our history and plays true, for the most part, to how people would live during that time period. This, of course, means you have to handle diseases that would come from the risk of trading with other civilizations or groups. Realism is also pressed farther by the chance that you might hunt deer to extinction or fish the rivers clean. Crops require rotation to keep the soil going and the list goes on.....The good parts of this game are also, perhaps, the parts I dislike the most however. When my village [As just happened while typing this review] decides to begin starving to death because I never took them to school there is no stopping the constant downward trend. I can place almost every villager I have upon food gathering but it doesn't make a lick of a difference until my once 80 people population turns into 26.  Those 26 also never seem to recover but I'm going to let them continue as my village also just caught fire because of someone apparently attempting to roast a roach [That is my guess, not part of the game].Should you buy this game? Yes. If only to support the one man team that put work into deveolping a realistic city builder that will create just as much joy, and pain, as it does for me."
76561198014322472,Recommended,242920,9208193,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,FunnyBunny999,"I have owned the game for a couple of days.  Highly addictive, challenging, and original.  I reccomend this game, it is worth paying the 20 dollar price tag."
,Recommended,242920,9284328,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,caydenj3,Probably one of my favorite games of all time
,Recommended,242920,13294687,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TheVoiceOfTravis,havent got into much of it but the depth is GREAT!
76561198005399377,Recommended,242920,9323613,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Palcon_Funch,"very fun to play, and hugely challenging. you can't win at this game. you either continue surviving or you die! for most of us, we'll certainly die. again and again. but from our failures we gain knowledge and take that with us into our next settlement. hopefully doing a little better at managing a settlement's survival.i love this game."
,Recommended,242920,13777413,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,NecroTed,"A fun, challenging town building game that can keep you playing for hours on end"
76561198046890822,Recommended,242920,10987964,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Grakie,"First of all, if anyone tells you that this a nice relaxing building game, they are wrong. This game can be extremely hard (even on easy difficulties) especially to begin with but once you get the ball rolling and have a nice, stable town… my God… it’s so satisfying.Although this game is hard I still think that this is one of the best games that I own and I am so glad that I bought it. It’s extremely addicting and I find it really hard to put down.Pros:-	Easy to control the camera-	Easy to understand-	Complete control as to what you build-	The families grow by themselves-	Fun to laugh at some of the stupid names this game has for these people-	Lots of control with the difficulty settings (disasters etc.)-	FEEL LIKE A GOD!!!!Cons:-	You might find yourself yelling at you screen going “HURRY UP AND MAKE BABIES YOU FU**S!” like I do…..-	Can be really hard-	Not good for people who can’t be very patient-	Once you do get a lot of food etc. people die of old age :("
,Recommended,242920,9229531,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,fire1ndahouse,The best strategy-survival mix so far. Slipless nights all over again. Worth every dollar I spent on this game!
,Recommended,242920,9327716,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Skeith,"I've been having a fantastic time with this. It's a nice break from other city building games, but you have to adhere to a careful balance of food and production versus population-- take in a group of 20 nomads and before you know it half your town has died of starvation from a downward spiral composed of a tool shortage, farmers dying off before anyone else and leaving your crops to rot in the fields, thus more starvation and less food production. Commerce is a little shallow, but there's room to grow."
,Recommended,242920,9630513,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,raumkrieger,It has the hour-consuming addicting quality of Sim City or Civilization. And that's pretty damn high praise.
,Recommended,242920,9210952,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Atticus,"Build mass grave. Build quarry on top of it!Amazing game from a lone developer. Amazing that a single person can create a game that fulfills so many desires that gamers want in a game, AND still not have any noticeable or experience ruining bugs.I dont usually rate games... But when I do I prefer Dos Excellentes!"
76561197985206368,Recommended,242920,10957685,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Zathrodock,"SO MUCH GOOD! Much more in-depth than other ""city builders"", requiring inventory management, and job assignments. All in all, a lot of fun, but difficult enough to make the swears take place."
76561198001810222,Recommended,242920,12270879,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SherioCheerio,"A nice, slow-pace medieval village builder that focuses on survival instead of technological progress.  Despite the limited nature of this type of game... the strategy is brutal and unforgiving.There is a lot of replayability as long as you don't rage easily when 8+ hours of gameplay get ruined by poor early planning.If you like city builders, and are open for some lovely gameplay and new strategies... give it a shot."
,Recommended,242920,13708027,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,☣Trinova☣,Just got this today and started playing next thing i know i played for 6 hours straght. this is really fun and challeging.
76561198021611545,Recommended,242920,9252605,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Wolfeknight,BANISHED: SURVIVAL SIMULATOR - PREPARE TO STARVE EDITION
76561198000066758,Recommended,242920,19625816,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,rawrmerta,Amazing city builder/survival type game. Every time I play this game I look up and half the day is gone. Definitly worth giving a shot.
,Recommended,242920,15751527,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Fresh/Anime/Pussy,"Made a homeless shelter and no one would give me offspring, Gave them their own houses and they multiplied like a low level math test"
76561198123060005,Recommended,242920,9198271,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,jezzie_leona,"Love this game. I dislike most city builders, but this one, as one of my friends put it, has a strange cozy feeling that you just can't find anywhere else. The biggest problem I have is finding an ideal starting place for my town, but I'm starting to get the hang of making due with what I'm given. The challenge is quite fun. I love the city planning, gathering resources, and finally getting to build that trading post so I can get livestock!"
76561198087321287,Recommended,242920,11854281,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,DivineShlaag,"The most addicting game I've played in a long time. It's a really simple concept, but it has so many intricacies that tie you into the game. No enemy factions of any kind to threaten your survival, just you and your villagers. After having all of my villagers get to age 80 with no reproduction to be had, some old couple managed to pop a couple babies out and keep the dream alive. Unfortunately, the 10 new babies that managed to make it into adulthood all died the same fate at the haunted woodcutters lodge. Everyone died to trees crushing them. The village was doomed. 10/10"
76561198062540982,Recommended,242920,9219242,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,noksookao,"An unexpected gem! For some reason the post game-session steam advert grabbed me, my first reaction was 'ooh, that looks nice.' Not being a real city builder fan I had my reservations about making a purchase. I usually enjoy big AAA action blockbusters (and KSP) and with big AAA let downs of this genre like Sim City, I was thinking what could ONE guy do to better that. I was so, so wrong. There's no enemys and once you get through your first few winters, an established, working town can thrive pretty easily even on hard difficulty but there's a simple beauty to this game that grabs you straight away, from the music to the brilliant aesthetics. It's hard to comprehend how one man found such a perfect balance. Granted the pace is slow but it's extremely addictive. You develop an attachment with your citizens and township which is great. I'm expecting big, big things from this game when the mod kit is released."
76561198070517977,Recommended,242920,9188396,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Honk the Wondergoose,"This game was made by just one guy, but the immersive gameplay and great graphics are qualities you could expect from a full dev team. If you are looking for a casual city builder, where you can build monuments to proclaim your glory, then don't play this game. Your citizens are locked in a gritty struggle against the elements, feverishly trying to produce as much food as they can before the harsh winter sets in. If you neglect a single aspect of your town, starvation sets in and the death toll climbs. There is no such thing as taking a break in this game. Neither is there any taking a break FROM this game. I bought it the day it came out, and I haven't been able to stop playing since. This is truly one of the most addictive games I've ever played. To see my storage barn full of enough food to last the winter is the greatest feeling in the world. So too is seeing my citizens survive more than one winter."
76561198070380147,Recommended,242920,12973572,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,sianesther,"I have had so much fun with this game and have told so many friends to stat playing it. Every little detail about the game is interlinked; for example - you can welcome Nomads to boost your towns population and workforce, however; if you do not have enough food stocked up the instant increase in population will deplete your food limit and people will start to die of starvation. I would definitely reccoment this game to anyone who enjoys world-building games but I also find it is an accessible game to those who aren't so familiar with similar games. Definitely reccoment. Absolutely love it so far."
,Recommended,242920,9194477,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,PliusInfo,I did not had a good city building game for a long time. I realy enjoy the challanges Banished gives me. If you like city bulding games - YOU HAVE TO BUY IT !This game is worth the money.
,Recommended,242920,12798486,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,sharkzug,"This game is about carefully riding the wave of a growing populace and maintaining an efficient supply chain to keep said populace alive and happy. One misstep can send just one variable in your perfectly tuned machine out of wack and it will cause your population to spiral downward back to nothingness.It's fun, if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,242920,9329288,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Ya Boi... Luke,Good challenge fun to build a town and keep them from starving (Mine always ended up starving though). Haven't played much but still great game so far :) 7.5/10
76561198035089069,Recommended,242920,10925807,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ღSoWღ,"Banished may look like a very easy city simulator, but don't be fooled!This game is about survival and if you're not careful enough you may find yourself in a very tough spot. You have to keep the perfect balance between all of your resources and population. The moment you start to see your people hungry or freezing, you better do something to fix it. If not, don't panic! you will witness the birth of a ghost town."
76561198068039118,Recommended,242920,11319383,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Right Honurable Back Bencher,"A small scale city survival game were everything is unlocked from the start. What appears to be a lovely, kind hearted medievel village construction game actually turned out to be one of the most brutal games i have ever played. Collect food, and resources to build up your village or be wiped out by fire, starvation and desise in the first ten minuits. Totally worth picking up with one of the best UI I have ever seen and a game so smooth it will run off a toaster."
76561198009793405,Recommended,242920,10624310,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mighty Space Princess Trawlz,Strangely relaxing. Burns through your time quicker than napalm though
,Recommended,242920,11368571,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,X,"I really don't know why I wrestled with myself over buying this game. It's a lot of fun, and it's very addicting. Also it's going to get better with mod support on it's way.9/10 - Amazing."
,Recommended,242920,14369685,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kanearino,It's good to chill and play. but it is pretty hard.
,Recommended,242920,14682500,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lvon117,"Town one: The villagers spent too much time clear cutting the forrests they had no food for the winter and all starved to deathTown two: The villagers were able to survive the first winter and managed to survive a raging fire. However the second  winter was cold and dark and everyone froze solid.Town three: The village flurished and grew for many years. Unfortunately no one had a proper sex education and did not have families. instead they just grew old and frail until one day a group of immigrants came and took over the land. Many years later a tornado left a young child and a few elders stranded on an island with just enough resources to stay warm and fed for a decent amount of years. The elders died of old age quickly which left just the young boy to witness the rest of his village die from a ruthless epidemic. He could do nothing but watch all his friends and family die from his island just off the coast. The child starved after 7 years alone on that island.Toronde: Toronde is currently a thriving village of 100 surviving off of its main export ""fire wood"". Other than a few small fires no real problems have occured we can only hope the vilage continues to remain stable. We can only pray. at the chaple the people have built for the one god...Shrek. pray for Shrek to protect them from the disasters that may be on there way. Shrek is love.... Shrek is life10/10 great game"
,Recommended,242920,19659451,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,tacosandcookies,"Fun little city management type of game! Mods make the game even more fun, but the vanilla content is great as it is! You wont regret this purchase at all!"
,Recommended,242920,20415579,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Stone Body Penguin,Imagine as if Dark Souls and Sims City had a deformed baby fetus that was dead and could punish you.
,Recommended,242920,14500182,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sempris,"The most meditative game I ever played.Still needs adding a lot of features, but even now looks great as medival city building simulator."
,Recommended,242920,24116285,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Player,"Good city building game, often on sale.You control villagers by placing orders to harvest/build and by managing employment. You don't control villagers directly. Want to cut forest? Select trees to cut and increase your wood cutter/forester employees. Unoccupied workers will go do the job. Villagers needs houses, food, clothing, even firewood to burn in winter, so this can be real survival simulator if you dont have enough wood before winter. You can live with your villagers from their birth to death so you will need also to build some graveyard. No need to mention that there is plenty kinds of berries and other things."
76561198303742542,Recommended,242920,29582602,Posted: 30 January,all,Dynamics1117,"Good game, mods can be useful, only major downside is that you can't control your citizens directly, instead you have to hope the AI does what it is suppose to (AI is pretty reliable most of the time). Just like any other game, AI has its minor flaws, so you just gotta ride along with it and set your town up hoping for the best. Relatively easy once you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,242920,10907750,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Leldy,"I really like this game, 4 out of 5 stars, but I have some suggestions. Add in the new game menu a dropdown selector to choose if you want the town to be Scandinavian(Viking), Oriental(Chinese/Korean/Japanese), Egyptian, European(French/English), Indian, or Native American, then retexture the buildings in the town with the architectural style of the selected culture."
76561197972319866,Recommended,242920,29951720,Posted: 15 February,all,Duff,"A great population manager that focuses on a smaller more personal level of development. The game does have a learning curve if you're playing blind but there are many great guides to help a person out. On top of being a great base game, the game is very well suited to mods and integrating them is very seamless with both the workshop and the in game overlay (which lets you mod as you play). Overall, one of the best games I've ever played for this level of purchase and I highly recommend it."
76561198277386981,Recommended,242920,29739607,Posted: 6 February,all,IndiGarner,"Banished. I bought this on a whim, fancied something to take my mind off my breakup with my girlfriend. It worked brilliantly, it's a super engaging game that lets you sink time into it like nothing else. Had this game three days and played it for 20 hours, goodbye lectures, goodbye social life and goodbye trying to make my ex jealous by going to the gym and getting super buff. I'm just another nerd developing carpel tunnel and living off a diet of two day old pizza and dorito chip dust...But hey... Least my villagers don't starve straight away anymore.Buy it. You'll love it. But like Caesar III bit 7.8 times better."
,Recommended,242920,9281303,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Lantak #New Knee Joint,One of rare games which allows you pedophily with nomads (cos kids work) and consanguinity. A must have.
76561198026420436,Recommended,242920,9223740,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,edbe,Cows.
,Recommended,242920,9209910,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,iznotacat,"Lots of wood.You need lots of wood.And stone too, don't forget stone.And food.And firewood.*and so he went for years and years until the game ran out of items*And then mod support came, and everybody was happy.9.8/10"
76561198042203886,Recommended,242920,30362995,Posted: 6 March,all,Bittersweet,"I wish they added a little bit of depth or an addon but I love this game. Challenging and relaxing at the same time, unique gameplay."
,Recommended,242920,9299484,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Lecherous,"Summary: Lots of fun for a city-builder, definitely worth 20 USD.  Took me 50 hours of playtime to get all achievements.Long Version: You remember the rabbit in Monty Python's Holy Grail?  It's a lot like that.  You start off with this cute little bunny of a village, then all at once, it lunges for your throat and leaves you bloody and beaten.Banished is full of ripple effects:  Everything's running smoothly and you feel confident in building another house?  20 years later, because of that extra house, everyone is dying of starvation, freezing to death or dying of diptheria.My laborious little laborers have been trampled, stabbed, plagued, frozen, crushed, drowned, burnt, swept away, and one lucky teacher went batshit crazy.  And yet, humanity persevered and thrived.It's a game filled with subtleties and harsh lessons, but definitely worth playing!"
76561198088104546,Recommended,242920,9670479,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,RoadHog,"This program has turned into a fantastic survival, city builder game.  It's not about your survival, it's about a group of people who were banished from their homeland, probably caused by an invasion or religion.  They're not bad people, they were just pushed out and with your help they may survive and prosper or die trying.The game has always been good, right from the start but with new modding allowed it has become a leader of this genre.You can make the game into whatever you wish, easy, hard or extreamely hard.  Personally I hate snow and winters so since the mods came out,  I start my towns in a very mild climate, where they don't have to worry about freezing to death.The citizens get married, have kids, grow old and die.  You can't control individual citizens but you do control what they do as a group.  You can send them out to gather resources, build houses, businesses, schools etc.  You can assign jobs by telling the program what laborer is needed and a citizen is assigned to fulfil that request.Every decision you make has consequences, good or bad, so you must plan ahead or your citizens will starve, get sick or suffer from some other disaster and your population will plummet.It's challenging and fun.  I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,242920,9276865,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,govtcheeze,"Hours feel like minutes, lots of fun."
,Recommended,242920,9289068,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,It's just Dave,fire burned down all my buildings10/10
76561198039349419,Recommended,242920,9195098,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Llama,I watched a town of 80 starve and freeze to death10/10
76561198063211178,Recommended,242920,9288176,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,steventalbot2,All my people are starving to death. Great game 10/10
76561198008107947,Recommended,242920,9288305,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Octavius,Famine simulator 2k14... 10/10 would die of starvation again.
76561198124892716,Recommended,242920,9323303,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Dovahkiinss,Very fun and addicting. Hope there will be add ons!
76561198073901415,Recommended,242920,21950464,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Kraegan,"When I first bought Banished and started playing I was immediately hooked.  A game that seems so simplistic is actually quite challenging.Graphics and PerformanceWhile Banished won't win any awards for graphics they are adequate.  The animations of the citizen models and animals are quite good.  I have not seen the game slow down at all, even with a large map full of buildings and crops the game runs well.Gameplay and Replay ValueThe gameplay can be as challenging as you want, feeling brave?  Do a harsh mountain environment with natural disasters.  First game?  Then maybe go easy, turn disasters off and start with a couple houses.  The choice is yours.  The game is easy to jump into and start playing but complex enough that you do have to think and plan ahead.  Like most ""City Building"" games this one has you managing resources, some renewable and some not.  For the non-renewable resource the game allows a trader to visit your town so that you can buy some supplies.The replay value of this game cannot be underestimated.  With over 100 hours in this game for far I am still just as hooked as I was after 1 hour.  The replay value is awesome.Bugs and CrashesVery few crashes, once in awhile a citizen will get ""stuck"" between buildings and starve.  Other than that I have not ran into any bugs with the game.CustomizationActive mod community and steam workshop.  Mods that are out right now are great.Overall 9/10.  Would recommend to other Steam users."
76561197982614577,Recommended,242920,12948483,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TheAgain,Little hard at first to get started compared to other Sim style games. But once things get going and you figure it out hours just dissapear.
76561198031744508,Recommended,242920,9309880,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Nuggets1002,"What an absolute surprise of a game.  I would watch others play it and have at it but told myself how could it be?  I finally purchased it and what a great game, very challenging.  I would recommend this for anyone that enjoys this style of game.  Really looking forward to what the future has for it. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,242920,10069390,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Utildayael,"Pretty solid city building game. There are still some bugs tho as many reviewers pointed out which is sad given that this isn't one of the billion ""early access' [read: paid beta] games that seem to be overtaking Steam these days. Yes I had some crashes, some really odd villager behavior, etc but overall it is still a solid game. The only real problem I have with it [aside from the bugs which I'm sure will get fixed with time] is that having a ""flat"" tech tree with all buildings open at once... really gives you not a lot to strive for. There also sadly are no building upgrades aside from upgrading a wood house to a stone house which seems like a missed opportunity given the detail and thought put into this game and its systems."
,Recommended,242920,13770154,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hitman Neutralman,Should've made the people rats and called it Badratished
76561198001931225,Recommended,242920,9447268,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Nyril,"For a one man created City Builder, it hits it pretty well on the nose. While not the biggest game, Banished has a nice amount to offer.You can set the difficulty using the starting equipment the climate and the type of map. Should you start with seeds and a heard of animals to help feed your banished brotherin? or are you going to face the unknown with nothing but a few hunters and gatherers?And how harsh will the winters be? Hope you chopped down a forest during summer.If you enjoy games like the settlers, anno series, even stronghold (for the economy side, then this game wont fail to amuse you!"
,Recommended,242920,9227782,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Rapiant,This is currently my favorite city builder game. It has great flow and understandability yet doesn't lack the complexity and statistics I need. The only thing I can suggest is to increase the number of buildings available and to implement a law system where you can set taxes or do something in order to slow down population growth. Thanks
,Recommended,242920,9394185,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Spooky Deg,This game is FREAKIN awesome!!!
,Recommended,242920,12911101,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ExcideSC,"This survival game is awesome if you havent picked it up then i suggest you do as this is a must have for your steam library you start the game off with a small population of villagers and you have to help that population grow by keeping them alive and fed. In Banished you will find that to keep your villagers alive you will need to make sure they are well fed by growing crops, fishing and even hunting but when it turns winter then everything changes as your crops stop growing so you need to find another way of grabbing food not just that but you will need to keep the villages happy and alive by keeping them warm aswel so alot of firewood is needed. This game can start off hard at first but it does seem to get easier as time goes on if your a fan of suvival / city builder type of game then this is straight down ur street..Pros+ Survival+ Graphics+ Hours of Fun+ ChallengesCons- Bit BuggyOverall Score: 8 / 10"
76561198004073685,Recommended,242920,9274409,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,tomR!!!,"Today I witnessed a man hoard over 700 potatoes in his house, with the immediate consequence of starvation for the rest of the village.The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s 12-year old kids then proceded to move into the dead's empty houses and repopulate with their own brothers and sisters, whilst fullfilling their legacy of hoarding catastrophic amounts of potatoes.Truly beautiful - 10/10"
76561198006486844,Recommended,242920,9410837,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Halflingspy,"This is an absolutely fantastic game, because it really makes you work for your resources.  No achievements, but you don't need them - the game makes every small win feel like a real victory.   This is a game about building a city, but also about survival.  No need for zombies or apocalypse; just surviving nature and the regular cycle of life.If you want a more in-depth response, check out an article written about it here:http://spritesanddice.blogspot.com/2014/03/banished-review-part-1-why-smaller-is.html"
76561198037374406,Recommended,242920,14684694,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mcleod,"Dont fall asleep when playing this game, I thought my town would thrive on its own but in year 20 the winter was cold and most food was scarce most of the people died except for 2 brother and sister when of age the town somehow repopulated... dat sibling love i guess and the town lasted for another 14 years off a town of de in zest10nd10 would try harder next time to keep dat♥♥♥♥♥♥from happing again lol"
,Recommended,242920,13474082,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DrunkenDruid,"I have absolutely NO REGRETS purchasing this. An odd - yet beautiful - blend of complexity and simplicity.Unlike most city-building rts games, Banished focuses on survival; there's no money involved. At all. You start from scratch, work your way up by living off the land, and eventually you'll be able to barter your resources for other resources.This game requires proper strategy and management. And since there's no single permanent map, scarcity and abundance of resources may vary with each map seed.Here's a very basic 'what to do' list for this game:> name your town> live off the land> make sure your citizens do not freeze to death or die from starvation> grow!9/10 - 9 because the way the game changes from one season to the other seems a bit too quick for me. Though overall it's an impressive game."
,Recommended,242920,9173331,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,DrFestus,SimCity and all the other city building games can go suck it because this game sets a whole new standard
,Recommended,242920,21158234,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Gizmo,"The reason why i like this game is , its not like all other games that is all about war , this is actuelly a peacefull game that doesnt have anything to do with war, and thats not something you always see in games like this .. :)"
76561198107895977,Recommended,242920,9989001,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Spiraxels,Great game but sometimes quite agrivating and challenging
76561197997166986,Recommended,242920,14460036,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,| Cath |,"What a great game! My only disappointment is that I wish there were more achievements. It's quite beautiful to look at, the music reallly suits the gameplay, and the sound effects in the forest are some of the things I really like about it. There's definitely a knack to playing, and the fun part is how much you can change your style to suit your goals, compared to the previous game. A very relaxing balancing act. Absolutely worth the full price, but definitely keep an eye on it during the Steam sales :)."
,Recommended,242920,13797246,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,lanaraex,"Love this game, however, play it on easy and i'm still awful and everyone ends up dying.addictive though."
76561198084228163,Recommended,242920,16583121,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Fromen,"The first time I ever let nomads in, a tornado came the next season and wiped out my entire future generation when it spawned on my most populated school.The second time I let nomads in, the next year brought a terrible drought and a severe winter which killed half of my population.Now I know that nomads are terrible, cursed people.This game will teach you things. 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,9909883,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,MrMatt,"If you like city builder games then get this one, it is fairly simple compared to other games and there are a limited number of buildings and there is no sort of campaign or missions but it is still very challenging and very addictive and if you want something to work towards then there is always the achievements to aim for, which some of the are very hard! You constantly have to juggle your resources and workers to make sure you have enough of everything, you can easily lose a few hours once you start playing by just keep on telling yourself 1 more season or i'll just build this first then i'll come off. xD"
,Recommended,242920,9378794,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,jrbickell,I love this game it is a low price for what you!!!!!!!!!!!    I recommend this game to a strategy gamer  coz you will love it to.
76561198023343345,Recommended,242920,9329453,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Nystal,Outstanding City Building Game / Resource Collection / Survival.Not as in depth as say Sim City 4 but a different thing entirely.  Has its charms and is good value at its price.  Also was made by just one guy so bonus points!
,Recommended,242920,9281339,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Giovanni,"This game... This game is just the citybuilder genre re-incarnate. After the missarable city builder Simcity last year this game bring the whole genre back. Fun, Addicting and Really hard its a game you'll not lay away fast. Even without the upcoming Mod-API this is a game you must own."
,Recommended,242920,9282758,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,you're a toilet,oooooooooo00000000000000009kiooioiio1ioi2o1io12
76561198023249008,Recommended,242920,9284468,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,yaj.12345,"This game is great. It's made by just one guy, and many waited patiently for him to finish this game. The attention to detail he's put into the game is great. A few things will even catch you out - And the game was merely released 9 days ago, so it's bound to improve in the future.It's really worth the buy. You'll have to get used to it at first, as you'll probably have a famine like I did."
76561197972423134,Recommended,242920,9181959,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,troublesum,"This is a great game addictive, pleasant and tranquil I can’t believe only 1 guy made it and not the normal early access trend that has become the norm, reminds me of the Stronghold games (without the battle mechanic) I can see me on this for many hours to come.P.S kind of hoping there will be some type of battle DLC for it in the future or at least some type of DLC to extend the content :)"
,Recommended,242920,9184394,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,✔ Slizzlǝ,"Such a good game, once you know how to play it though. It can be a hard game at first to get your head around what to make first. One tip don't start it on easy, it's a harder start than playing on medium due to the starting houses being in the way. 10/10 for this one man and his game :D"
,Recommended,242920,9187086,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Khaos,"Within the first 20 minutes of my first town, every child died of starvation yet everyone complained about the lack of stone. Then everyone got the influenza disease, triumphantly powered through it and then died of starvation afterwards. The blacksmith was also crushed by a rock.10/10 would play again and happily will!This game is fantastic."
,Recommended,242920,9213466,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,heychrisfox,"The best city builder in years. Simple in concept, minimalist in design, slow and quiet in execution, and perfect in form. This game is a black hole, and it will suck you in with a slow and constant pull of intrigue and fun."
76561198071754881,Recommended,242920,19346580,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Qwampa,"Nice and charming village builder game.The game is not hard as most people say. Just gotta have your eyes open and prevent the catastophies before they happen.It gets a little boring after you establish a stable state, A lot more things coud be added to make it more interesting after having a solid and reliable food source. Dispite getting bored of it, it was still fun to play through this once."
,Recommended,242920,10366892,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Q!,"villagers can't survive on cabbage alone even though ""Willip"" the forester lives in his own ♥♥♥♥ing house and is hoarding all the ♥♥♥♥ing corn while everyone and their mums is living 8 to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ log cabin eAT YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING VEGETABLES YOU PIXELLED PIXIE ♥♥♥♥♥ 4/5 would absolutely recommend"
,Recommended,242920,9440258,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Pinko Scum,"A spectacular city-builder made by one guy. This game is not a nice game where you will have your hand held, it is mean and has a learning curve like the games of the olden days. I love it. Make sure that you read the instructions and go through the tutorials and then prepare to watch your towns die. This difficulty level gives you an actual feeling of accomplishment when your town is doing well. If you like classic city-builders and often feel insulted by tutorials and help screens, then this is the game for you. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,242920,9246145,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,MrJewsbury,This game is so addictive! I only suggest you get this game if you want to become a nocturnal cave monster. Whats even better is the small game size (240mb!!) and to think that this is made by one person!! AMAZING 10/10.
,Recommended,242920,9236869,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Crazyi,"Summary: 8.5/10Really great city building sim. You are outcast from your previous city and with 4-5 families and you goal is to start your own city. The start of the game is more survival than city building, but once you can stabilize your resources the game transitions into managing a growing city.Good:The mechanics are all pretty solid. You must juggle your resouces and slowly expand for a city to thrive. Try to expand too quick and you can cripple your city quickly. Trade to much and you might not be able to recover the resources. Very well built game you can spend hours play and not even relize. Beware it is addicting.Bad:Some people don't like that the guy fishing can starve to death, but starving has to do with the food in their homes, not what their job is. I personally did not mind this mechanic."
,Recommended,242920,9238792,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,HarassmentOnion™,"Banished is a lovely, peaceful city builder and I would recommend it to anyone interested in games of this genre.There is plenty of room to expand your village, even on the smallest map size; I currently have 3 hours on a small map and have covered roughly 10% of it, and I've only built farms and production buildings so far! The game features no combat element, which in my opinion is delightful as I prefer to just relax and get on with building, although I imagine some may not like this aspect. 'Disasters' can be switched off, stopping large fires from breaking out, bad weather and general mishaps causing your workers to die, but if you want more of a challenge, by all means leave them on; they aren't particularly common anyway!One negative point about the game is the lack of progression, only houses can be upgraded, and roads replaced with stone. Although as I mentioned, you can expand greatly, and doing so can make things easier or harder, just like normal progression. Another problem I have is that there are no planning tools, in games liek this I like to mark out areas where I am going to build things in future, so I don't forget and possibly waste resources; although many games of this genre are lacking this feature so I wont blame this game.It's overall a pretty demanding game, it can be very difficult, especially if you forget something at an early stage (make sure you have lots of food and firewood for when winter arrives!) but I think this makes the game more engaging and enjoyable.If you like city builders or have £15 to spare and have nothing to do for 3-5 hours, buy Banished!"
76561197965374781,Recommended,242920,9240752,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Rhyman,"YO THIS GAME IS STRAIGHT UP. DOESNT SUGAR COAT IT OR NOTHIN. I HAD LIKE 8 OF MY SETTLAZ STRAIGHT UP WORKIN FOR HOURS ON HOURS. THEY WERE LIKE WE WERE HUNGRY, I WAS LIKE SO AM I.DEF RECOMMEND. 5 STARS...LIKE GTA TYPE OF STARS. MILITARY STATUS;."
76561198055518562,Recommended,242920,9875673,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,SILENT,"For the 5 hours i've played the game, its entertaining. Starting on hard mode i found it challenging , and very fun. With  couple citizens dying from old age, or work related accidents, keeping up the health of your people is a sinch. But as you progress, for some, managing to have more citizens born to make up for the old dying can be tricky.All in all its a great game, but id hoped there would of been more options for making items or buildings. Hopefully there will dlc in the future to provide it. I'd say this game deserves a 8/10, and worth the 20 dollars."
76561198032226648,Recommended,242920,9201815,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Silent56,IT will consume your LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242920,9175878,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Audible,"Watching one dude make a game, as he documented the experience, has been inspiring.  The payoff is a fantastic game that I've been hooked to all night and I expected will continue to be hooked on for some time.  VERY well done!"
,Recommended,242920,9349592,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Arcade Goon,Pure city building smack!Come see how one man did a better job than EA games.
76561197970035633,Recommended,242920,9183011,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,[PA]Justinalot,Great Game about time we had some good old building games. Really wish you well with this game. Great job very well thought out. Also thankyou...
76561197995868600,Recommended,242920,23613312,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,WA-Numenor,"This is undoubtedly a good city builder game, and I would definitely recommend it.The way every is set up reminds of the CaesarIV game I played a while back, though this game has a quite few differences in terms of game play.The one thing this game severely lacks compared to CaesarIV is the ability to assign dedicated storage and the ability to manually assign where your workers work. It makes managing your economy and workers very inefficient since you can't micromanage things properly.Why is this a problem you ask? Because I have created a couple of enormous towns that could produce enough goods to trade that could feed themselves 100 times over, but still had an issue with starvation because all my barns were overfilled with refined goods like Tools, and Clothes, Wool, etc... that couldn't be used or traded fast enough. I literally designated 1/4 of each map as a mass storage area with like 50-200 barns that could hold everything I was producing. But all the barns close to where all the houses are were all filled with stuff that wasn't food, so my people had to walk to the outskirts of town like half way across the map to this massive storage area just to store food that they were producing/unloading off the trading post, and then they have to walk all the way back just to get a tiny bit of food.This massively reduces efficiency of your workers since they spend most of their time going out of their way to some far off unnecessary place that could of been avoided if you had been allowed better storage designation. You might say why don't you just build markets and increase the number of vendors and traders? Well because I did, and I still encountered that problem, the traders took forever to unload the food from the trading post, and it took them forever to come back to restock the trading post due to the massive amount of distance they had to travel due to the fact that you can't micro manage where things are stored.Now obviously there are mods that allow you to have specialize designated storage, but nonetheless its a massive flaw in the vanilla game that should be rectify since it can potentially ruin your game. Not to mention using any mods prevents you from getting the achievements.My only other complaints are the lack of variety in buildings, how insanely bad fishing is, and dumb the AI is when it comes to pathing and where they chose to live/work.Otherwise this game is a great."
,Recommended,242920,11958821,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,[U.M.R]Vito_Nyanpass,"It's a relax game.It let  you start with a group of smart people at a wasted land. Solving the problem of starvation, warmth. Trade with the people from the other town, allow new people to join you.And watch your beautiful town develope.You might be a little bored after your town is stable.Don't worry, disease, houses on fire and tornado are always your biggest peoblem. They might destory everything.All in all, it's fun and relax. You can kill you time with this game."
76561198029851426,Recommended,242920,9441444,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,iggy.kogan,"So peaceful... so slow paced... oh look, a tornado... everyone's dead... so peaceful.Seriously though, real nice sandbox with some thought required."
76561198005643655,Recommended,242920,15727769,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,OKAY,This is one of my fav games. I usually play it when I'm on long train/bus rides and it runs surprisingly smooth on my tiny slow netbook. Mods make it even more fun to play!
76561198031487424,Recommended,242920,13265425,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Whimsy,"Martha was a simple woman. Her fingers were deft with the clothes that she tailored, and her shop was full; ever bustling. The small town (Viago) she was born into from her tenacious mother and her strong willed father, had shaped her into an upstanding woman. She learned to be strong like her woodsman father and crafty per her tailoring mother. Martha lived beside the shoppe with her mother and father until a handsome young man swept her off her feet and she quickly married the merchant, moving halfway across town. Not ideal for trekking to the shoppe, but quick access to the nearby school, church, and market where her new husband worked. Soon, Martha and Edwin started their own family and had a little girl name Kaye. Kaye follwed her mother wherever she went and spent some days with her grandfather in the woods (adorable!). It was no surprise when they welcomed another small blessing into their family, a little boy this time by the name of Cole. It should come as no surprise to you by now that I was clearly infatuated with this family and followed them very closely.Their town (Viago) was focused on husbandry; Cows, Sheep, and Chicken pens were spread throughout. Small Peach orchards spilled a sweet scent into the air that almost covered the stench of manure. Fields of Wheat, Beans, and Peppers laced the countryside and farmers worked the land day and night getting ready for market that season. Viago had recently constructed a fisherman's wharf and the whole family (and town) was excited to finally have some meat that was a bit lighter on the pallet. A portion of the town on the southside was made up of mines and quarrys and large chunks of housing that precariously touched one another. It was no surprise that the tavern ended up in this neighborhood but it did good business with it's peach ale. If you could muster the courage to wander into southside Viago you could partake of the drink.Several years went by and Viago flourished! The town rejoiced and finally constructed the townhall, because nothing says official like misconceived authority! After founding this town hall, they had nomads come across their land and seek refuge within. Of course the people of Viago let them in! The townsfolk even built an inn for them to stay in until proper homes could be arranged. Some of them even married with the townsfolk and started their own family! Now, by the time this happened, poor Martha's mother had passed away from old ago and her poor father took to drink and moved to the southside where the ale ran like the river. Martha and Edwin continued their lives as normal, having aged considerably their kids grew up. While Cole had found himself a job as a blacksmith (having apprenticed for years!), he settled with a blonde girl named Hannah who was a herdsman. Unfortunately for Kaye, she still lived at home with her mother but had found reputable work at the Market with her father.Then It all changed so fast.One of the newest batches of nomads that were granted entrance to Viago unknowingly (or knowingly!) brought a bad case of scarlet fever with them! Unfortunately the town was surviving off of the herbalist and were pretty close to darn near perfect health. The plot for the hospital was all picked out...and under construction. Nobody knew where to go or where to turn! People were literally dying in the streets and disappearing into the woods! The fever claimed many children's lives before the hospital was made available to the public. Once the crowd of about 20 with the fever made it in, many survived but still died. The population had dwindled from 100/20/18 to around 70/15/10. Many places of work had to shut down because there simply were not enough people to fill in the blanks.Everything returned to normal for about 4 years.By this time my beloved Family had suffered more tragedy. Martha's Father died of old age, leaving her with her husband and children. Cole and Hannah were thankfully still employed and had two little girls to show for their love. Gwendolyn and Pips (Don't ask me I don't name the buggers!). All was not well with this family and it seems when despair came it came twenty fold. Cole and Hannah's house caught on fire. Luckily they lived near the town's well and their neighbors and friends helped put out the fire, but the house was in great disrepair and had to be torn down and built back up. Unfortunately Viago was experiencing an iron shortage and Cole was hard pressed to find work. Slowly people didn't have tools anymore and were running around in a panic! The barns that were once full of produce and meat and eggs were suddenly dwindling rapidly in supplies because the farmers couldn't farm successfully without any tools! Chaos ensued! Peaches were not getting delivered to the tavern, so the drink ran dry. Since the Market closed during the Scarlet fever people were having a hard time getting food when they lived further from town! The church however got an increase to patrons (Fancy that!) but the graveyard that sat beside it was mostly barren except for those from the great scarlet fever, but that absense was not to be!Starvation! Starvation! People were once again in the streets, in the feilds, picking what they could. The fisherman tried their best but clients stole away the food for themselves and stored it in their homes! Some had actually managed to take a great deal of food and citizens came to their doors and begged for something to eat where some of them obliged for a while but others turned them away. As more and more people died, the citizens of Viago had started to wander the streets in search of food like some great apocolyptic nightmare. The graveyard was full...and this was when my attention to my perfect but tragedy fueled little family came back to my attention. Upon checking in and keeping up with the recent events I was saddened to see that Martha and Edwin had both succumbed to starvation, and Kaye was on the edge. However I had not been paying as close attention and saw that Kaye had her own home and had managed to have an illegitimate child with someone right before the starvation and the poor thing wasn't even a year old! A little boy named Mackey. I shed a few tears as I watched the home and soon baby Mackey ended up in the ever increasing graveyard and his mother stood in the graveyard (probably near his grave) before she DIED RIGHT THERE! I couldn't be too distracted for Hannah and Cole and their wee little ones Gwendolyn and Pipps were surprisingly still alive! Cole was trying his hardest to continue to produce tools one at a time but it seemed to be to no avail! Once he made one it was gone and there were loads of others who needed tools! His wife tried to get food by leaving the sheep and working with the cattle but a freaking infestation infested that cattle yard and she died from an infection! The small children played in the fields or were by their father's side but by this time with Cole/Gwendolyn/Pipps as the only remaining in my family the population was 15/0/1. Some stupid sod had given birth to another child. Viago was more than half shutdown. There was no hope. The storage fluctuated sometimes because one field was still active and so was the wharf. But finally many started to die from starvation again and I watched the little blips of a 14 year olf Gwendolyn and 11 Year old Pipps fade away and be replaced by cemetary markers. Cole was now the only surviving member of my family. He died that winter at the age of 45, not due to starvation, but due to another bout of scarlet fever due to the atrocious health of Viago from all the death and starvation.Best Tragedy Simulator of the year. 1000000/10 Would Cry again.But seriously? This is an amazing game and thoroughly well done. It tests your capabilities and makes you think hard about your decisions. There is no easy way. There are mods to make it a bit more casual, but it's fun/tragic/delightful/frustrating. Enjoy!"
76561198090441318,Recommended,242920,10960374,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kaytzi,It's gud
,Recommended,242920,11536556,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Josh,"I cannot put words into the culture shock I got when playing this game for the first time. For the first time, the tried and true tactics failed me, and I had to change my strategy to suit the climate/challenges I faced.I realised quickly that I had to set a certain rate of expansion, to moderate my own growth so I didn't expand too far, too fast and leave myself without the right amount of supplies, at the same time I needed to expand so I didn't fall into the hell of having an aging population and start running out of able workers. I quickly realised that no two starts are the same and that if I didn't learn to adapt then I'd quickly suffer.Banished has reinvented the need of strategy in a city building game, and when doing so has caused me to re-evaluate everything I thought I knew over building a successful town.Bravo."
76561198095702001,Recommended,242920,9571712,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,master987555,GREAT GAME!! but still im aicking for an update! idk what would be in it but im sure you guys will come up with somthing :)
,Recommended,242920,9571403,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Fox Fives,"Great and challenging game. A strong suggestion if you like the the Anno series. Takes some time getting used to how everything works but once u get the hand of it, it runs great!"
76561198045472859,Recommended,242920,12991163,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Decima_ZA,"First off, the AI is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Secondly, their retardation manages to keep them alive for surprisingly long.Citizens are selfish, they hoard ALL the food that they can while others starve to death.That aside, the game is surprisingly fun albeit frustrating from time to time. The game can also be very difficult (it is highly likely that your first town will not succeed or be very unstable and wobbly before failing altogether). The game is time consuming and very stretched out, but like I said it does offer a challenge and I can reccomend this game despite its minor faults."
,Recommended,242920,16606880,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,12 Bottles of Barry's Red Cola,Decieving.Banished appears as a very relaxing game as it has great graphics and good soundtrack which creates a tranquilising atmosphere but upkeeping your town is hard work as the town and its populace can be wiped out with very simple mistakes such as not creating a food source early on or forgetting to make firewood.You should play it.
,Recommended,242920,9196505,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Osiris,"Great game if your looking for a fun city builder,  Game is a bit hard when you first start but once you get the hang of it you will be creating amazing little towns."
,Recommended,242920,13324659,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,The Human Cabbage,Good addictive game
,Recommended,242920,9229953,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,TrashcanJohnson,"Banished is a wonderful take on the classic ""civilization building"" game that creates a beautiful mix of survival and expansion that isn't seen much in modern games!I would recommend this game to my own grandmother, as it is that fun. If you like Sim City, Tropico, or any other ""build your own town"" game, then you will love this!One problem I've always had with this genre of games is the obnoxious problem of budgeting expenses, as I would always end up in debt somehow. Banished takes the time period of the piece (ranges from rennissance town to early American settlement, your choice) and only asks that you use natural resources to live. No fumbling money, no need to trade (if you're good), and no worrying about debt.The game boasts beautiful graphics, simple yet challenging gameplay, and an infinite amount of possibilites.Heres a little rundown of the game:-- You start by creating a town, and there are map seeds in case you like a certain area you've played before. You can choose a difficulty which will dictate how much stuff you start with. Weather/climate, disasters, and other changeable aspects  are all modified before entering the game. When all of that is done, you're entered in, and depeding on what difficulty you've chosen, you must start building certain buildings. Simply cut tree's and stones to gather resources, assign villagers to certain jobs and balance out what is important until your population begins to expand. There is an automatic birth/death cycle constantly going on, so your population will eventually increase. Eventually, you can designate hunting areas, farming areas, and much more (trading, fishing, herbalists, woodcutting, tailors, blacksmiths, teachers, etc.) Keep building until your town suits your style, and is sustainable!The game is great! I would recommend you buy it when you get the funds (as 19.99 is a great price for the content you get).Here, have some pros/cons:PROS--Great simulation with climate, seasons, weather, disasters, health, and much more needed to be watched over to ensure survival-infinite amount of ways to go (you can literally build many different towns on the same map)-A+ Graphics-Simple yet challenging-Awesome tutorials that make it easy to get in and go-Large amount of content-No money to deal with! Trading is done through material bartering-Good time period for this kind of simulator-Overall: A+ Fun, Great concept, infinite replayablilty, and always changing gameplayCons:- As of right now I have not found any at allFinal Rating:10/10Beautiful game with an awesome concept and great execution! I would like to see some DLC in the future to expand on the concept!"
,Recommended,242920,32738648,Posted: 24 June,all,Diesel,"Now, to be clear I really enjoy this game and am writing this in literal anger...I keep losing at this game, repeatedly.The majority of my games are survival type RTS's and strategy games but no matter what I do I die, and its the same thing over and over. Food.Ive tried mixing up how I usually play to outright storming for food and I still lose because everyone dies of starvation...To me this must be a broken mechanic, there is no way on earth that when I have 4 out of 6 ppl fishing, they still die of starvation... if anyone has any suggestions or help please.I recommend the game, its really fun, alot to it and usuually your quite busy, but I physically cannot figure out how to stop my people from dying of starvation.Cheers ^-^"
76561198101654289,Recommended,242920,11283156,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,MikaelTheViking,"A great city building game that focuses on survival in a harsh, new land. This game is not fast-paced, one must take their time to slowly grow their town into a flourishing settlement/town/village etc. Highly recommended."
76561198057274269,Recommended,242920,19511298,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AkumaBeast,"This game is amazing, i bought it when it was first announced and i felt in loe with it.The vannilla game itself has a lot of value but what is amazing is the mod comunity behind it that creates expansions for the game allowing you to revisit this game and explore new types of adventures.This is the only management game that offers replayability in our days."
,Recommended,242920,10907635,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sir_Michael,"I like this game. Classic city builder with no pressure to buy any extra DLC (Lookin at you SimCity). Get's pretty hard all of the sudden, but still very playable. Very good indie game, not enough city builders out there."
76561198059467295,Recommended,242920,10876582,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cryingviolinist,Great city-builder game but can become tedious after playing several times. Love the game but really can't wait for modding to be allowed so it can be even more challenging.
,Recommended,242920,9214027,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Ocean Blac,"Played the game non-stop the second I bought it. Let's be honest, I suck at these types of games. My towns don't last for more than 10 minuets but thats my fault for not knowing how to run a city. This game is a mix of SimCity and Awesome. It really made feel all good inside after my 10th city finally lasted for about 2 hours. Everyone got too old to have sex and at that point I relised the city was doomed."
,Recommended,242920,16759565,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Biohazard001,"This is a good game. Now it's not for everyone but I liked my time playing it and it's low spec requirements make it a nice laptop game though it is a mouse heavy game so i would not use the mouse pad for this one.It feels polished and thought through. The mechanics are clear but simple to understand. It's not hard to grasp and get into. My first game went really well. The wiki and other sources are a must to master this game but anyone can pick up this game.It is a micromanagement game and you're always setting yourself short term, medium term and long term goals and that's what brings you back. It's a puzzle unfinished that is waiting for you to solve it. It is a shame that there isn't more trade because i would have liked to farm alot and trade for leather, stone, coal and iron. In the game traders come too little and carry to little for a town to be held up by trading and because you could trade 1:1 for most things it didn't feel like you were part of a larger economy but that trading was a mechanic to prop up some aspects of the game. That said i'm sure i just need to find a mod that addresses this issue.The moding comunity is cleaver and thriving in this game so if you get bored with the vanila like game then you should look for a mod to add new mechanics goals, end game towns and challanges."
76561197967640894,Recommended,242920,9989929,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Lupinwolf,"i havent played this game long but from what i have experance so far this is a awesome job and game,the update fix list done is awesome, although just installed it as i type so this is just about the experance from the  first version.this is a amazing game and really makes you think when build houses, i Loved Games like Populas and The Settlers, but The Settlers got to advanced in its graphics and set up that is ruined the game for me, this is the ideal town builder. Now i am going to put some idea's in here i think the game could improve with.Butchers to process meat into sausages etc, A Mill to proceed wheat and corn to flour,Baker to proceed flour to bread,some new animals - Pigs, Horses, Bulls, Wolves, Bears.hunters could kill these animals with Bows,Carts would be a great idea for use when moving more Materials.this game doesnt need combat the challenge is in the elements.this is a great game though and i will be happy to be part of the game for years to come.Carpenter would be a great idea also"
,Recommended,242920,21345888,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,King Sockless,3 minutes in to each game and i understand why god left us
76561198051240515,Recommended,242920,17541146,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,NomadicOTTO,It is simple with not a lot of stuff but it is a good game
,Recommended,242920,33385957,Posted: 8 July,all,Sammerson,"Really fun, yet extremely hard, it takes huge amounts of resource management and planning, it took me 5 villages to even get what i am doing."
76561198052374314,Recommended,242920,11041741,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Silverfoxx15,Fanfreakintastic man wow
76561198111845060,Recommended,242920,14997340,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Minorities Welcome,"This game runs on a simple concept: take your small group of several exiled families and help them blossom into a bustling city with hundreds of citizens. I've enjoyed this game quite a bit, however the issue I have is the limited options, as there's not terribly much to do besides build the 15 or so stock buildings and set your citizens to work at their designated workplace. Don't get me wrong, I really do like this game, however I strongly advise looking into the community workshop for some of the quality mods after you've got a village or 2 under your belt. There are several that really improve the experience. Overall, a fun, simple city builder, good for a couple hours of relaxation."
76561198085330154,Recommended,242920,12821654,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Vanguard,"This game is hard , very hard but that is where it shines. Even on easy it's hard. It challenges you to keep trying , keep trying again and most likly you will fail but it makes you play it again , to try again and learn and it rewards you .  This isnt SimCity and dont treat it like it or the game will not be nice to you .The indie dev team deserve a lot of credit for this . The graphics are good and the soundtrack is excellent . Now with the addition of the steam workshop the mods available makes the game even better, while not needed , they add dept to an allready great game . In conclusion   if you like city builders this is a great game which needs a bit of thinking for every little action you take . Never expand too quickly or you will die . Thats my golden rule when playing this game ."
76561198053225666,Recommended,242920,19573976,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,smokytehbear,"Probably the first and most important thing to know about Banished if you're considering purchasing this game is that it's really not a city builder. Sure you literally build a city, and it looks like a lot of games in the genre, but it really doesn't play like one. Banished is better classified as a resource management game where the most important resource is your population. It's an interesting twist and although I have seen the concept a few times before, not to this level of detail and with this level of execution. A lot of times fans of either city building or resource management will be fans of the other as well, but I think it's very important to realize this both before deciding if the game is worth buying and also once you start playing so you don't walk away frustrated because it is nothing like you expected it to be.Breakdown:This game has the most advanced and accurate take on population demographics and its impact on economic theory that I've ever seen. Unlike most city builders where population age and size largely handles itself based on your need, these are the first priorities and biggest concerns in this game. Taking the totalitarian city mayor trope to a new level, even when your citizens have children is now within your control via the amount of free housing you make available. It takes constant adjustments and consistent vigilance to keep things balanced, as things like baby booms and overcrowding can wind up devastating a settlement as fully as famines and tornadoes if they're not handled correctly.Initially I found this irritating. A lot of it had to do with my expectations that this game would be like most city builders I've played where I could leave it running for a half hour and come back without worry. After getting used to the idea and learning a little more of the mechanics of the game however I came to enjoy the eternal struggle as a really unique aspect, and that is why I included the opening statement at the top of the review.The learning curve is steep but that's really due to how much information is actually important, and this plays to the game's advantage because the learning curve is also long. No matter how far you've gone, there is almost always something else to optimize, despite the relatively small selection of buildings.The graphics are impressive for an indie game, and twice so when you realize that this whole thing was actually made by just one guy. The weather looks amazing and gives a great feel for the harsh winters. Everything even runs really smooth despite so many moving parts, I honestly can't say anything bad about the game's graphics or optimization.Drawbacks and things to consider:There isn't much direction.The complete story is that a small group of some Medieval (maybe?) European (maybe?) civilization winds up in a new land and tries to survive. That's about it. There isn't much further in the way of smaller objectives or milestones built into the mechanics of the game either, so even for a sandbox game, the game is very much a sandbox. There are however some well-made achievements that can be used for goals and scenarios, with things like One With Nature, Mountain Men, and Isolationist applying some constraints and Tenure to challenge your poise and patience.Data is scarce.Despite the praise above about just how well put together the inner workings and underlying mechanics of this game are, for some reason it was decided to be better left hidden. Early, when you only have a few people in your settlement it is not hard to get a fairly accurate picture of who's doing what, what is needed, and to see potential problems. Later this becomes increasingly difficult and much of what you'll do is based on what ""feels"" appropriate given a broad and imprecise picture. There are only a few data tables and graphs concerning resources and population information and some don't even work correctly when things like trading are introduced. It seems like a simple feature, and a major step backward considering Caesar III had better census and economy data almost two decades ago. Maybe it was done to supplement the feel of a Medieval town, but for a data junkie like me playing a game where causing extinction is as simple as missing a downward trend in a single resource for a short time, this was a huge frustration and overall my biggest complaint with the game.Limited variety.There simply are not very many buildings and professions. Plenty of the gameplay depth comes from building placement and timing, but if you tire easily from looking at the same kind of buildings over and over this is something to consider. There are a ton of different crops and livestock, but the impact their variety has on gameplay is small, even if important. There are a lot of absolutely fantastic mods available on the workshop and this community is great, but as this review is for the base game I feel this aspect needs to be listed as a drawback.Soundtrack.The music's nothing special and very short. I'm always baffled why simulation games that are expected to be played for dozens of hours think that a short soundtrack constantly looping in the background is a good idea. I suppose initially it's better than nothing but you'll be muting the music pretty quickly. It's not like this is hard to do, it's just not a plus for the game.Verdict:The game is pretty solid and if you're a fan of difficult resource management and strategy you're sure to get your money's worth, especially considering how often this goes on sale for only $5."
76561198049434124,Recommended,242920,9175453,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Zathe,"This game is utterly amazing. To think that just ONE guy could create such a complex and amazing game ALL BY HIMSELF just blows my mind. I was so excited for this to come out, tracking it's progress and feeding my addiction of loving this game with YouTube lets plays. This is by far the best choice if you're looking for a game where you just build. There are wars or zombies. Be warned though, this game is no walk in the park. You constantly battle the weather, your population fluxuating, and random disasters. All in all, this is a game worth at least checking out. It's $20 and already better than games that are $60 and took a team of 20+ to produce. Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,242920,9200367,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,NateinMpls,"I've been following this game for a while and it hasn't let me down!  This is a village/town builder.  There are no monsters to worry about however you face starvation, inclimate weather, disease, and a variety of accidents.  I started my first game and got pretty far before everybody died from a tornado.  I've tried to start a few other settlements and starvation killed people too early.  I'm going to have to try another approach.  If you like city builders, definitely check this out!UPDATE 2/25/14:After playing a few hours longer I'm finally getting my population up and I have a large store of food.  I'm building more houses to encourage population growth.  I'm on year 38 I think right now and I'm spreading out my town a bit more.  This game keeps getting better and better!"
76561198007405601,Recommended,242920,9276817,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Mobiusanan,"This is a very well developed thought out game. It's easy to get into and once you're in, it's only a matter of time before you're addicted to this Civ. Builder. Very relaxed and enjoyable but at the same time has difficulty in maintaining a constant upkeep of supplies."
,Recommended,242920,12413576,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Blah_1123,"Good game but feels unfinished, it feels like an early access game, there's just not enough features. Worth buying if on sale though."
,Recommended,242920,31820361,Posted: 18 May,all,Tom,"In Banished we are taking control of few people and we must create a settlement. We are building houses, roads, farms, trading posts, graveyards, churchs and everything that is needed to have a functioning city. Banished is challenging at start, because it is hard to have population that is happy, healthy and isn't starving, but after some time you understand the rules how to play. I had some good time with this game, but after some time i get bored. When population is around 300 you already have all needed bulding an you just build more  houses, roads, farms, trading posts, graveyards, churchs etc. Good thing that you can download mods for more buildings. I played the game for 58 hours and even with mods i don't wanna play anymore. Most of the time i was playing at maximum speed and i found it too slow. I bought the game on sale for 5$  so i definitely recommend it, also i think that 19$ is the fair prize for this game."
,Recommended,242920,9298117,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Hayz,"I've played though all difficulties and came up with this information:Easy if you would like to figure out the extent of the game and to have fun without worry.Medium, you'll have a challenge to build houses at first, but it's not so bad when you get enough food.Hard if you want a real challenge, also add in some random events for fun. You'll have a hard time and may fail right away if you don't understand the way this game is played.Tips/Spoiler: Center town plus North, East, West, South stockpiles and stores with gatherers and hunters out there. Add a market to the center to cover the four areas and work from there. If you're playing the harder than easy difficulties, you're on your own but I will leave you with this: Time is on your side only if you can manage it, so take care of the speed system."
76561198079796918,Recommended,242920,19850656,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Knights Errant,"Need a Big update. This game as so much potential, but seems to stay the same and rely on mods. Hopfully somthing will come."
,Recommended,242920,9236922,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Sloanster,"Surviving Winter Simulator is a great game with a new look on civilization building games. Banished seemed to have this strange attraction which made me want to keep watching my village go through seasons and increase in population. There is no money system in this game, but it works really well with the style of the game. There is no quest, campaign, or even objectives. Your only goal is to survive. The HUD is fairly small which lets you focus on watching your civilians accomplish your tasks. The game is layed out beautifully with nice graphics and great sound effects. I am extremely supprised that this game is the accomplishment of a single mans work. The guy did everything for the game, and he did it quite well.I only have a few complaints about the game. The game seems to get a little boring when you start to thrive, and there is no real incentive to just make a new game and startover everytime you get your city to the point where you are not needed. I would also like to see more placeable objects in the game. For instance, I would have liked to seen more types of houses and more recreational objects for the citizens. Other then those two complaints Banished is a great city builder game priced at only $20.00.8.2/10 Sloanster Stars"
76561198103468164,Recommended,242920,19083706,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Havan_IronOak,"Banished is a city building simulator with adifference.My first few attempts met with disaster and I quickly realized that it's also a survival simulator.Building a healthy colony that will prosper over the years requires planning and careful, moderate growth.  Early survival sometimes is balanced on a knife edge. While all buildings are unlocked immediately in the unmodded game, overconfidence is a killer, and many folks may find this a harsher, less forgiving simulator than most.However, once one works out the mechanics one soon has a colony up and running and carefully building up a surplus while not over-expanding can lead to an addictive game for those that are detail oriented.  Hours and even complete afternoons may quickly disappear while managing one's colony.The game is visually pretty great. It runs smoothly and without any difficulty on my Windows 8.1 set up. While  there is some minor lagginess when running at 10x speed with a population over 800, that's NOT really a problem most of the time. I understand that the game is the work of one single developer and I find that amazing. It's an incredible achievement.I've currently got 94 hours in game and have collected 27 of the Steam Achievements associated with the game. So far I've NOT played with any of the mods though I have watched a couple let's play series using them and mods add a whole extra level of awesome to this game. And that brings up one of my few complaints...Achievements cannot be earned if any mods are enabled. Of course that includes the mods that allow non-English speakers to play the game. (Guess one of the hidden challenges is that one must master English in order to earn any achievements)Several of the achievements aren't conducive to earning in the same game. These include building a colony without any agriculture , or building a colony without educating one's populace, or even building an isolationist colony that doesn't trade with the outside world.  While I THINK that I could now earn any of these in separate replays (and I''m planning on trying) I'm more interested in exploring how the game plays with some  great mods that are available.  If only there were a mod (like the one in City Skylines) that allows you to earn achievements with Mods enabled...For a game that costs less than a movie in Manhattan this game was a GREAT investment. (I got it in one of Steams frequent major discount sales)By All Meansif this sounds like your kind of thing I'd check it out."
,Recommended,242920,9679425,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Kope,"Amazing Game! For those who loves this kind of 'management' game, you definetively need to buy this game! I'm sorry I played so little, but for sure I'll play this game much more! it's amazing how they did the job assignment part and amazing how you can see your city groing! Buy it NOW!"
,Recommended,242920,16993817,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,別れよう,"I thought it was just a simple sim management game with adorable tiny structures and people. I was really wrong.My first playthrough was full of rage quits and depression from disasters and unfortunate events that kills your village growth.But then I realised that it is how to recover from each disaster is what make the game special. If the village is totally hopeless, I'll start a new one and learn from previous mistakes. Then I started to try to achieve the achievements one at a time and it was a very rewarding gaming experience.I totally recommend this game if you have the patience."
,Recommended,242920,12125612,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,KreatorB,"Awesome sim game, hard as hell to get the hang of it but totally worth the time trying!"
76561198032804619,Recommended,242920,22796170,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,kebzero,"Banished is a survivalist city builder loosely set to medieval times. You're tasked with keeping your few followers fed, clothed and homed, gathering resources to expand and battling the elements and the terrain. This is much harder than it sounds like, as disasters in the form of disease or fire can hit without warning, nevermind more common occurrences like starvation or hypothermia caused by your mismanagement. All in all, an enjoyable game once you figure out how to grow and diversify your settlement a bit.The biggest issue I have with the game is how housing distribution is handled, and how little control you have over it. Your citizens will not have children unless they have homes of their own (i.e. adult children do not reproduce). This means that you will either have to constantly build more homes, or suffer devastating generation crashes every so often as widowed old people greedily demand a full household until they die, meaning you'll have fewer families and ultimately evenmorepeople above child-rearing age. A demographic disaster can be harder to recover from than anything else the game throws at you, save perhaps a wildfire scorching half your town. If you have a town hall and the ability to bring in nomad settlers, it'll be easier, but often the first pop crash happens long before you get that far.Given that thisisa survivalist game, though, overcoming such challenges is a large part of the game experience. The game does grow on you after a while, and the soothing, perpetual music urges you to continue for thatlittlewhile more even when bedtime beckons.Banished is quite decent value for your money, all things considered - just expect some frustration as you learn how to cope with the many hurdles it can toss at you."
,Recommended,242920,9185760,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Lictor,"This game is absolutely brutal.  That is a good thing.  Normally after playing a typical sandbox city building game for an hour or so, you have the whole system figured out and can game the hell out of it so you can just let it autorun for an hour without any attention.  Banished is a harsh mistress and isn't just your run of the mill citybuilder.There is a constant need to keep an eye on your town since the overall success of it all boils down to people.  Citizens can die from anything, from workplace accidents to old age.  The loss of just one person can set off a ripple effect that can wreak havoc on your village if you're not careful.The graphics and sound design are pretty decent, seeing as this game came from what amounts to a one man studio.  Controls are simple and easy to use, and the guts of the simulation will keep you on your toes.Probably one of the best citybuilding sims I have ever played.  10/10"
,Recommended,242920,10701732,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mergnertic,Banished is a fantasticly soothing experience - as long as you don't make a mistake. Although not as hard as the likes of Dwarf Fortress (I see many comparing the two) it punishes you hard for your failures. A simple shortage in tools can send you spiralling out of controll until the whole village dies of starvation. But that's exactly what makes this game so great.Graphics-wise it is no Anno but looks nice enough to not be annyoing. The music is a little artificial but not distracting. The gameplay is superb and will get you hooked for at least 40 hours. The lategame is lacking a bit in content but the developer says he will be opening the game up to mods soon so there is at least some content to be expected.All in all Banished is in no way perfect but by far the best builder game you will have played in years. I wholeheartedly recommend buying it.
,Recommended,242920,23702396,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,emd.spAdez,"I love Banished! It's a nice release from other games to pop in and play for a few hours. Workshop mods make it even better. Although, you're not going to play this as regularly as you'd expect, just when you feel like it.OK graphics, would like them to be better but they're good enough. Gameplay is hard, finding yourself struggling on the easiest of settings. But hey, easy mode and some crazy resource mods make it fun."
76561198101333685,Recommended,242920,9614548,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Roachslayer,"Great Indie game for those who want a peaceful, but on the edge of your seat kind of person. One of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,242920,35074782,Posted: 19 September,all,Telaneo,"Building a town where there before was nothing turns out to be a very rewarding experience, and Banished does this in a different way compared to games like SimCity and Cities Skylines, due to the medieval setting. It's fun to sit down and manage your town and its people, slowly expanding and making sure everything is okay, and eventually fine-tuning the town to a well oiled machine.One gripe I had was that my population seems very small proportionally to how many houses and such I had, despite the fact that it seems that most of them were populated. This didn't really detract from the game experience though, just seemed weird."
,Recommended,242920,12157503,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,About49Snails,People starve even when surrounded by farms.10/10
,Recommended,242920,9174221,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,WeanerGuy,Ive barely played and I think I may already be addicted! Awesome game!
,Recommended,242920,9175266,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,African Space Jesus,this game is one of those games within the first 10 minutes ive fallen in lovecant wait to see what kind of extra content we get down the road as this games audiance growA MUST BUYso fun so worth itonly 20 dollars!?!?!?!?so generous toyes
76561198030862688,Recommended,242920,9172590,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ChurchBus,"Just bought the game and played it for about an hour, so far very.  Tutorial easy to follow, graphics excellent, options very good.  I am impressed, glad I purchased it."
,Recommended,242920,9209791,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,McHall,If you enjoy games like Anno then buy this game. It's hard as nails and it's really easy to screw things up but there's a sense of accomplishment when you have a thriving village.I don't want to give away too much but you start with a small group of people. You have to manage supplies like food and firewood. Your village only grows when you build houses. Build too quickly and your people will starve through the winter. Build too slowly and your village will die of old age.
76561198042806834,Recommended,242920,9315355,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Spielburg,"Awesome, alot funner than expected actually. And you never feel like you can just leave the game to play while you go do something, there's always things you have to keep an eye on(food and population mostly but also firewood etc)"
,Recommended,242920,9172783,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,souldoubt86,"I've been waiting for this game for months! I just finished a 3 hour session of Banished, and I LOVE IT!I've played games like Settlers before, and loved it up until the enemies arrive. Here, the only enemies are weather, disease and things like that. I like that it's a peaceful game, yet it feels like you're never going to win. Right now I'm having problems with my citizens growing old and not enough children to take over.I have hours worth of gaming to go, and I can't wait."
,Recommended,242920,9173110,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Nilfiem,"Well let's start off by saying this game is EPIC, but lets look into the things you might expect if you are deciding to buy the game. This game is HARD, forget what you played in Sim City, you will find yourself restarting numerous times untill you get it right, in my case load was my best friend. It's really a calm game, the only thing you will fear are the low food reserves, untill you understand what to do of course. It's very addicting, and the maps are HUGE. You will indeed be sitting there a few hours, scratching your head as to why your citizens are dieing but that's what fun about it! For the few hours I have played this, I can say that this will be one of my few favorite games in the long run, if you're really into strategy / City Building, than this is the game you need. Very enjoyabl, and very well made."
,Recommended,242920,9175067,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Kynereth,"It has been a long time since I have so thoroughly enjoyed a game. This city building ""survival"" hybrid is truly addicting, and has an incredible amount of depth, but layers the complexity so that it is not overwhelming. Highly recommended."
76561198007512651,Recommended,242920,9302654,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,meermax,This is a great game and throughly addictive. Its been a very long time since a good game like this has been released so its great to see something like this back on the market
,Recommended,242920,9309260,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Codes_Mahoney,"I'm a sucker for these types of games to begin with, but this game is better than I anticipated. I heard it was created by a single guy which alone blows my mind. It does not take long to figure out and offers hours and hours of play time. I'd really love to see them build on to this game and offer more buildings, item types, and occupations, but great game as is."
,Recommended,242920,9317131,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,[Dolt] Nurizeko,"Built a town up, overcame a starvation crisis only to have my town burn down and the homeless survivors sucked up by a tornado leaving a few people left to slowly die of cold. Cadey buried her family and friends but only the snow buried her.Best game ever. 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,13136080,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Cranberry Juice,"After only a few hours of gameplay I'm amazed how amazing this game is! I thought to my self before buying this game, that seems really boring. Then I did some researched and still couldn't conclude a answer. I then bought it, one of the best decisions this week. It so fun seeing your town either fail horribly or succed."
,Recommended,242920,34927793,Posted: 13 September,all,(Darken) White Tiger,Great Game!!!Can be as challenging as you want it.  Keep the population low by not building as many houses or blow your mind with lots of homes and trying to keep up with all the needs of the people.  Winters can be rough if you dont prepare for them.  Love to build orchards and farms and trade with those riverboat traders.  Beautiful landscapes that change nicely with the seasons.  Just an replayable again again fun time
,Recommended,242920,34622044,Posted: 30 August,all,Energize,"Fun to play, somewhat challenging. Game gets much easier as you progress from year 1."
,Recommended,242920,9192728,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Tideturner,"Through hardship alone, we do not prosper. Expanding, we must seek balance. Ever prepare. For cruel fate is the stone against which we grind.Death comes to all men."
76561198160660230,Recommended,242920,19350290,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Cat Guy,Love this game!!!!but there seems to be a hidden priority system for building because my herbalist has been waiting 1 1/2 years and counting for a building.but other than that i liove how laid back it is.
76561198002530703,Not Recommended,242920,12939212,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ghizguth,"I bought ‘Banished’ expecting a hard but fair addicting micro-oriented management game, but what I ended up with was a game with too many short-comings to fulfil my hopes. The game isn’t addicting enough as it doesn’t offer enough involvement from the player at the start and turns into macro-supervision later on, reducing one of the key elements of its identity: the slightly personalised workers and the organisation of families. Worse, actually setting up a successful town shows just how little the game has to offer as there are no clear ends or goals at that point in the game.But let’s start at the beginning. ‘Banished’ is a management game about trying to successfully establish a small village in difficulty conditions, and providing for the people living in it through the satisfaction of their basic needs and caring for their happiness.‘Banished’ has a feeling of a low-budget game, hence the price, making the best of its ideas but lacking in overall polish. The biggest flaws concern the game’s goal, which is basically none-existent, and the overall difficulty which can be rather easily overcome.Polish-wise, the user-friendliness is disappointing: no alt+tabing, the user interface is full of grey (and doesn't fit the tone of the setting) but also, like many if not most game of this genre, in the explanation of the gameplay. That new houses are required to split existing families (even though there is still enough room in the original homes) to create new ones to increase your population is only one of the small information titbits missing from the tutorial.Further on, the game lacks a visually distinctive identity. It’s not graphically impressive and every building has already been seen before, creating a feeling of Deja-Vu. It’s a shame because I like the setup, -the idea of banished families banding together and trying to make the best of it while living mostly self-sufficiently-, but the game never actually goes further with this idea, doesn’t try to expand on it beyond the simple name of the game, and perhaps the necessity to buy seeds and livestock before growing farms.The personality of the game is further let down by its musical score, as the music, -which I usually truly enjoy in management games, and is quite important as that genre generally demand a commitment of long hours to get going-, feels just lacking altogether: it’s neither memorable nor setting up an enjoyable mood. Same goes for the other ambient effects of the game, which are best turned off if you don’t want to hear the constant bleating of sheep.Trying to give your villagers more personality with randomly generated names is a nice touch, but it doesn’t really amount to anything, although it can be fun to find some people at the job you would least expect, like the town eldest of 79 years working alone in the quarry.But those points are just nit-picks. The main problem I have with ‘Banished’ is that the game doesn’t offer a challenge or a real goal beyond “survive”. What is there to do after you have taken a successful start? Survive a fire? Sure. A tornedo? Been there, done that. A tornedo and a fire? Yes, that too. Once successfully set up, it is rather difficult to be completely decimated, even if setbacks are still a possibility, they are nothing that can’t be fixed with a little patience.The game just isn’t challenging enough in the long run, once the mechanics have been understood and that knowledge successfully applied in game. There are some achievements, true, but that’s not really my cup of tea, especially since the starting setup is the same and repetition can’t be avoided. Even at ten times the game speed, I was already growing weary of the game, as waiting for resources to be collected is the main part of ‘Banished’, leaving little to do for long periods of time. The micro-management parts don’t require much attention and don’t offer much to do anyway as resources are collected for your next projects, while the macro-management parts don’t invest the player as goods become abundant.I did enjoy a few points of course, the game isn’t bad, it’s completely functional and has mod support. I do like the idea of not being taxed, ie. that buildings have no running cost, apart from requiring a villager to operate obviously, and also that every trade requires a barter and so on. I do enjoy the forest lodges, actual caring for a forest, -and thus having a great synergy with other buildings requiring trees to work-, while also giving a regular income of wood. The game has some specific mechanics but it is not enough to set it apart and make me want to play more of it. After less than twenty hours, and playing a game on the harshest and rockiest settings, I feel like the game has nothing more to offer, which might be alright for the price tag for some. I didn’t find mods to spike my interest either, and those are a gamble anyway. Like so many of the starving/malnourished villagers, I couldn’t help feeling hungry for a little bit more here."
76561198082528694,Recommended,242920,13953936,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,D_Braveheart,"My little village was thriving in the frontier; however, one winter was especially harsh. The cold and lack of food managed to kill off most of the village's population, leaving only 4 people, including Evra and his son, Rake.Time went on and the 3 men and the boy made the best of the situation, providing food and shelter for themselves and surviving many more winters. Although, without any women, time was running out for the village. Eventually Evra and the other men passed away, leaving Rake as the sole survivor in the village. Rake performed all the village duties by himself, living in solitude to a ripe old age.His last task was to make a graveyard for himself; although, there was nobody left to bury him.RIP Rake"
,Recommended,242920,11250717,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ninjakika551,This game is fun to play and is quite realistic in the ideas it portrays about building a settlement from scratch.  However at times it is very hard to keep your citizens alive.  Overall I do reccomend this game
76561197983105124,Not Recommended,242920,29175294,Posted: 10 January,all,Extremophile Elite,"I can't really recommend this game. It has some great sandbox value for sure, but I find myself getting frustrated with the interface A LOT. It's very difficult to micromanage such a large colony because of it. The UI on top of things that are already odd to micomanage. A lot of areas I don't feel like I should have to micromanage, they should be far more autmated like in other games. What your farmers are doing could be handled much easier.Ultimately, I kept waiting for quality of life patches to come but they never did. What's there is decent, and you can definitely build a cool little town and have some fun here, but the struggles of the UI and micromanagement get annoying fast. There are better games in the genre to play."
,Not Recommended,242920,29015788,Posted: 4 January,all,Legerdamain,"Sometimes when you start a game your residents don't perform the tasks they are assigned to, one such example is when my builders were not working on the projects assigned to them, but were instead working at my fishing dock which already had 4 assigned workers. Even set the fishing dock to have 0 workers and this still did not fix the issue, but once I assigned my builders to build a random section of road they then proceeded to build the buildings they were previously assigned to build. The AI in this game is pretty poorly coded. Villagers/Residents only want to work on the task assigned about 60% of the time. Also they get stuck in an ""Idle"" loop, where they continuously stand around with their thumb up their *** even when they could clearly be doing the assigned task. Got this game during the winter sale for aroun $4.99 USD and I still feel I overpaid for such poorly optimized AI and gameplay."
,Recommended,242920,23289258,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,G4bOrg,"This is a wonderful game. I just whished it wasnt so cruel.I almost whish I could play this in an mmo world and trade with others, survive together, as a lategame.But otherwise, the experience was worth the costs. The mod scene is awesome for later. The game itself really makes you question whether you want kids in a harsh winter.Big +++Update: The price increase is maybe nice for people to support such lovely games in the future, but I would wate for a steam sale; I can understand if 20 bucks might be too much for the explorer of a small good game, the early release price was a lot more adequate. However, I also whish the producer the best for future projects; or add a multiplayer trade system / event system / diplomacy to it, then the price would become right. Somehow indirectly communicating or trading with other towns would make this game a total new type of game."
,Recommended,242920,24877909,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,-Python-,"If you like a break from action games and stuff, and you want to play a gentle, but fun awesome medieval town expasion simulator this is for you.Great game with easy to play mods."
,Recommended,242920,9272315,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,storebeast,Realism offset by the creator's apparent disdain for low-carb diets. 1/10.
,Recommended,242920,9176522,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[KUBAS] Deadly_Fudge,"At first you may think the game is overpriced at 20 dollars, yes you can get a game like this named town for about 10 bucks but the quality of this game supersedes town. Town is a great game and the only big difference I see in town, is that you can make your own buildings block by block and that there are enemies you have to fend against. Other than that this game has WAY better graphics,smoother building, and a overall interesting system. I do recommend this game to everyone who enjoys city builders but if your an inpatient person I wouldn't recommend it to you. Even though it has a X10 speed..."
76561197970553586,Recommended,242920,15664791,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,keenbs,DING DONG MOTHERF*CKER DING DONG FIRE MOFO(the fire is put out)DING DONG YOU DONT HAVE ENOUGH FOOD(ignored alert)DING DONG YO PEOPLE ARE FREEZING TO DEATH CUZ THEIR HOMES BURNT DOWN(grumbling as i build a homless shelter)DIIIIIIIING DONG THERE ARE NOMADS WHO WISH TO JOIN YOU(smiles because something is finally going right)DING DONG THEY HAD THE PLAAGUE(sighs)DING DONG YOU RAN OUT OF FOOD(huh what? what do you mean I... HOLY SH*T)beeeeeeeeppppppp everyone starved because of lack of foodBest worst case scenario sim EVER 10/10 would ignores alerts again
,Recommended,242920,12954966,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,weeeoo,Simple but addicting. Charming graphics.
,Recommended,242920,9171813,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Tivec,"Roughly two hours into the game, and.. I love it. The game really is well polished. Controls feel great, there's little to wish for in the UI. And the game is hard. I've had a few towns fail fairly quickly, and there's a bunch more to go! I haven't managed to build any of the later stuff, such as education or farming, but that will come! A good purchase, well worth the money."
,Recommended,242920,9366516,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,cookie,"the best. honestly. epic expansion and you really see how it goes from ehh 1 building, 2 building. 20 people, to 50 people. then it goes to 70 houses. 600 people. epic resource production. this game is the best. honestly id reccomend it to anybody. banished is like mario for the nes.. this game is a 10/10 from me and ive had alot of time to enjoy it. i see comments of people saying ""oh i build a city n everything and now its so boring."" bullshet. this game can change ina heartbeat and it always keeps u on ur toes. u can get nomads to come in with the right buildings and it can add 80 people every time. u get traders to see what u can buy thats new. its epic. i swear to u that u will not regret this. it has so so much potential and i have been waiting for this game for weeks since i saw it on a upcomming game review. absolutly amazing. hope you get it and create the biggest and most epic city of all time. goodluck and have fun:D watch for tornados... lol"
,Recommended,242920,9253750,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Jive Force One,"I love this game, it's everything I wanted in a city/village builder and then some.  It's very relaxing, while at the same time it's able to be challenging.  It's more than just setting up your town, you also have to manage your villagers, and then micromanage everything involving resource collection and production.  If there's anything I've learned from playing it's that you gotta take things slow, and try not to do too much at once.  Definitely check out the short tutorials when you first play, as everything might not work exactly how you would expect it to.I would highly recommend this game to any fan of city builder games.9/10"
,Recommended,242920,9195148,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Grap,"""Waiting for trade boats the game"" Is a resource management game to the extreme. While having similar aspects to games in the city building genre such as sim city or tropico it has a slightly different flavor the game is more focused producing the correct amount of resources and managing expansion instead of the normal produce as much resource as humanly possible. I still feel like this game is missing something, but even so its fun and relaxing to play.Specific complaints there is no way to prioritize stock piles and/or set them to only hold certain resources which can be a giant hassle if you are trying to stream line a wood cutter. Laborers priority settings are lacking if they are out harvesting resources and you drop a house which has a tree on it they will not stop harvesting to remove the tree. While this may just be a complaint I have its a bit tedious to deselect everything drop the house then reselect everything again."
,Not Recommended,242920,28845275,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,OS X,"Will occupy you for a while, however it can be extremely difficult to manage after the first wave of people die. Other than that once you do reach late game, it become very repetitive. 4/10"
,Recommended,242920,9266592,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,im_two_cats,My farmers starved to death because they were too hungry to move their fully grown crops to storage so they could eat. 10/10.
,Recommended,242920,32431931,Posted: 15 June,all,Frankiecze,This game is SOOOOOO GOOOOD and it was created by ONE guy ! Can you believe it ?
76561198079621607,Recommended,242920,32490051,Posted: 16 June,all,Lego253,Fun and entertaining if you dont play non stop keeps its fun definetly buy if its on sale. ONe of the best sim games I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,242920,22031600,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,4dartist,"I don't think the mechanics are quite right in this game.  There is a weird tipping point where your people start to starve, and even if you tell everyone to make food, they still sit there and starve.  If everyone alive is producing food why are my people starving?  One minute there was 600+ extra fish and deer meat in the stores, and next thing I know people are going hungry, so turn up the amount of people working food sources and the starving gets worse.   Maybe there is a nuance I am missing, but the game lost it's fun fairly early on.  I'll take another look at the game later on and try it again."
,Recommended,242920,10290708,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Pêr,This is an awesome little strategy game that I've enjoyed a lot so far!
76561198090459409,Recommended,242920,15691661,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,BeccaTheCornishPixie,I really enjoy this game! It's at different take on the city building. One of my most played games and one of my favourites!
76561198071912482,Recommended,242920,18647695,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,santoroma17,Favoite city builder gamenote: you will lose so many of your first towns
,Not Recommended,242920,13149559,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,tripspike,"There's nothing wrong with this game but there's nothing really exceptional about it either. I've played a number of economic sims and I definitely enjoy the genre.ProsGood game balance, challenging +The individual nature of your citizens makes them seem more important and more like a community (a bit like The Guild II) +I liked being able to see inventories of homes, that is a bit new +The UI is very customizable which is nice and not a given in most games +ConsKnowing everything I can build from the start made the game seem particularly bereft of surprises or rewards -The terrain gets boring, didn't feel like there was anything new to discover -Not much to set the game apart from other economic sims, feel like I've already played this game -I only got about nine hours in. If there is something exciting that happens later down the road to add depth or color to the game, I was too impatient to reach it."
76561198142288178,Not Recommended,242920,13163752,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Daniel.molloy72,"Full of bugs! played the game for a while and enjoyed it, however yesterday the game crashed, it then wouldnt reload and got stuck in a loop of doing constant updates. I deleted the game and re-downloaded it assuming this would fix the problem but as soon as the game downloaded it got stuck in the loop of never ending updates and still refuses to launch. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET. IT IS NOT STALBE!"
76561198058761668,Recommended,242920,17759927,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,"P,","Intially this game has caught my attention even before its launch, by proposing a nice and complex Colonial (kinda) Era town building game. The basic concept is simple, a group of ""Banished"" people is sent to a harsh land, where they just have to survive, isolated from the rest of the world.De facto, this is what this game brought up to the table, it`s just a town building game, there`s nothing more than that, just chill and see those little people thrive and develop on that given piece of land.If you played and liked games like The Settlers franchise or Anno games from Ubi, this is a must play game. It is not  very beginner friendly due to a lack of tutorial, however, its mechanics are not hard to learn either, since the goal, aswell, is simple, you just have to SURVIVE, later on, once you get used to it, you may start getting into the ""fancy"" part of the game.If, after some hours, you get yourself tired of the game, you should definetly try mods like Colonial Charter and New Medieval Town, wich add a lot of content, like chains of production and a bunch of new and interesting buildings and interactions. It is not an exageration to say these mods make a whole new game.It is worth to mention also mods wich may change Vanilla mechanics, if you find yourself annoyed with them, like Aging or how Quarries and Mines work in the game."
76561197972576593,Not Recommended,242920,13438424,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Amoc,"I can't recommend this game.  It certainly has some charm and there is some fun to be had playing it, but there simply isn't enough depth or playability to keep you interested for long.  There fun part of the game is always establishing a new settlement, as this part of the game is challenging and you have things to aspire to.  Once a few seasons have passed, however, and you have a reliable food supply and your population has grown a bit, there's really nothing left to do.  The economy is too limited and too simple and limited to encourage continued play.The economy just isn't interactive or connected enough.  Aside from a small handful of exceptions, one industry doesn't really depend on the other.  They all operate seperate from each other so deep production chains are not present, nor are there larger and important buildings to aspire to later in the game.  Once you've built several different sources of food as well as a source of tools, booze and clothing, you're mostly done.  After that, you can build a chapel, hospital, marketplace, trading station and a totally useless town hall, and then you're done.  You have nothing else to aspire to other than building more houses and growing your population.17 hours on record and I've seen everything this game has to offer.  It's a neat idea and it has a great atmosphere, but no depth."
,Not Recommended,242920,14237986,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Wahburger™,"needs updates.needs explanation other than forums and youtube videos.this game is very fun once you know what your doing, but if someone just trys and picks this game up out of nowhere, i doubt they will stick too it. ( that is why the amount of players is dropping )  this game at least needs to go free to play."
,Not Recommended,242920,13806393,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,.Corp,I may have not spent much time on this and I really love building games. This game was long and hard and dev realy slowly the controlls are completacted but I do like the idea behind the game where you have to prioretise what you need to survive unlinke Sim City where you just spend as much gold and make as much to buy what ever so that's an up and that's the only thing I like about this game.
,Recommended,242920,15068827,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,cattyh28,Charming game which is set up in contrast to most city builders - survive rather than develop empires with conflict.  Mods are available which enhance it further and there is a keen community of fans who are helpful to anyone tired of watching their population die horribly because they made a mistake.Am surprised at how horrifying I find pictures of large populations in Banished.  I am not a city girl.
76561197997408418,Not Recommended,242920,13145306,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Neltard,"Fun and challengeing at first, but no end game what so ever.Dumb AICould have gained alot from a reserch system and scenario maps. Or perhaps a multiplayer mode"
,Not Recommended,242920,18686010,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Eddy63,"Tried to gather enough wood and food for the first winter. Built a well. First house started to burn.  Managed to get the fire out, but the house was lost, together with a lot of food. Built a new house as fast as possible for the former inhabitants. After it was finished they starved to death since their new house was not filled with food yet. (And they don't seem to be smart enough to eat right from the stoarge barn).New family went in, BUT, they did not get any food either since some blasted women, whos houses were FULL of freaking food, were always picking the remaining food from the storage right before the new family could get any. The father of that family went to the fisher, got a crate full of fish, and transported it, .... not to his house where his family was starving, NO to the storage, .... and guess what ... that darn hag with a house full of food went there again and picked up the freaking fish, and brought it to her house. While starving father was occupied transporting some other stuff.Father of the starving family went back to the fisher and got a new crate full of fish. On the way back he finaly died of starvation, with the crate of fish still in his hands ... which kinda serves him right for being so god damn stupid.Like eat the freaking fish you are holding in your hand, YES EVEN RAW would be better than dying of starvation!With now 2 families dead (because of general AI stupidty), production was slowing down drastically. And even more so when I noticed that most people were not working anymore. They were standing at the house where the two families had died and guess what ... they were mourning! MOURNING OVER THEIR NEIGHBOURS THEY GREEDILY LET STARVE TO DEATH by stockpilling all the remaining food into their own houses, which were already full of food. Oh the irony! And now they even singed their own suicide note by stopping work for mourning. Okay I should have build a graveyard, but this behaviour is ridiculously exaggerated, and basically a death sentence to the whole village. Stoped playing right there out of frustation for the lack of control and idiotic game logic.I usualy love sim games like this, I also like challenging hard games, but this game is not hard because of a believable, smart, or complex system. No this game is hard because its AI is so darn dumb and utterly incompetend in keeping themselfs alive. Its like a village full of Lemmings. This is whats causing all those ""spirals of death"" this game is so well known off.Worst AI simulation I have ever experienced in a sim game. People who call this a feature are just wrong, ""You were not producing enough food!"" Ok fine, but if overproducing food is the only way of compensating stupid AI behaviour to prevent unstopable spirals of death, then this is REALY BAD GAMEDESIGN. And don't come up with ""But this game was made by only one person!"" so what? So is Rimworld, which is by far a better game, with a lot smarter AI, ingame depth, events, more control and a lot more long term content than Banished. And its also hard and challenging, but this time for the right reasons."
,Not Recommended,242920,12003450,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Kael,"Banished was one of those games I was really looking forward to. And in truth it lived up to my expectations at first, but once you’ve built all there is to build and you pretty much got yourself a running settlement the game loses its charm. There is no challenge in it other than survival in winter and that is easily achieved midgame. There are way too few buildings and not enough production chains to entertain a good economic simulation. There are no wars, no disasters or anything that would shake up the gameplay a little. This game will be fun for the first 1-2hours, than you just watch seasons change and your people living… nothing more."
,Recommended,242920,17389684,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Canticle Van Darq,"I cannot recommend this game enough,  It is relaxing and while there is a simplicity and a limit to it (it had no official DLC or expansions), the game play is very strategic to get your village going and to make it stable so that it runs by itself.  I have found myself sometimes just bringing the game up, putting it on slow, and watching the people live their lives not unlike an Aquarium.  The game ***IS*** connected to the community mod workshop on Steam so you can get some new content that way if you like to tweak or make cosmetic changes.  A great game.  I wish they would make an official DLC for it or create Banished 2!"
76561198187089606,Recommended,242920,18131064,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Pinhead,"This game has a lot of aspects that is critical to a city-sim building game. I like it, yet there could be some more things added that would really help the game progress to gain more people playing."
76561198033980198,Not Recommended,242920,12798091,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Pep Pep,"Fun game, but there are way too many inconsistencies.  When you finally get your village standing on it's own two legs, even if everything seems perfect and you're living in abundance,  issues with the game's logic, pathing, and AI will eventually end you or set you back to square one.  Every time.I give it about a 7/10 because I had a lot of fun playing it, but ultimately I can't recommend the game due to technical flaws."
76561198118061863,Not Recommended,242920,11536274,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Jerry_Riggings,When I can get this game to play. It's awsome. Otherwise not so much. the game is startup glitchy. If you get it to load then it works but good luck trying to play from a saved file. The forums are full of fixes and work arounds... Full! Unfortunately I don't really know how to get into the program folder and change things. So I'm a little out of options.
,Recommended,242920,18988063,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Libiral,"First.. Congratulation on developer that manage to create a game that satisfy me.Im actually fallen sick after playing this game as i always tried to save my people out of hunger and disease.Just a little story..i've been looking for a medieval themed city building when i see this game and then i think ""maybe i should try this one"".. The first sale is coming after i wishlisted this game, but i missed it.. im crying for 5 days before i finally able to move on with my life..about 3 months later the sale is coming back..i remember that day, im crying in tears once more.. tears of joy.. tears of hope..im asking to myself.. ""is this the right time?"".im taking my pray at that very moment.. ""praise thanks to you, oh the great one.. for this opportunity"".---------you still reading this ? really ? ok then.. here is my points of view.The Good :- Slow PC & Net-Friendly- Good Graphic- Good Management System- Challenging Sandbox- Reply Value- A lot of Scenario (Infinite?)- Great AtmosphereThe Bad :- No Political System- No Law & Crime System- No War- No Random Events- A bit repetitive on Early and Late Stage- Little variety of choiceA little word..I know this is a city-building game where ""WAR"" is not the main point. But if we are actually building a Medieval city we have to understand that it is common where people use Sword & shield to spill blood for gold and food, at least there should be event like where bandit raiding the village or a kingsman offering protection.There is still some ""little word"" to be told.. but, i guess i've cover some aspects that needed to be said.if you think i missed something in this review just tell me..xD Have fun playing !!"
76561198089766131,Recommended,242920,9256948,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Not That Guy,"1st town : Dint know how to get food        FATE: STARVATION2nd town: ♥♥♥♥ing tornados                      FATE: Barns destroyed, starved3rd town : No one told me you get old ):   FATE: All died of old age and the children died in the winter4th town: Spent all my grain on the first cow i saw   FATE: Turns out you need more than one cow to feed a village of 305th town: -_- Arson                                   FATE: Burnt to a crisp6th town: Its all going OK but im running outta tools    FATE: Unknown10/10 This is an amazing game :D totaly wanna starve again :D"
,Recommended,242920,13636633,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,bloody flies,"This game is great. Overall  7.5/10Bought it think it was just gonna be like another sim city or something it was real easy to build a balanced city with a large population. oh boy was i wrong. within the first 2 hours my first town had died, and by the end of the night i had probably restarted about 10 times at just the pure hardness to build a stable town. Due to this frustration it hooks you, you want to proove the game wrong and succeed, and my word be prepared to put in. The graphics of this game does it job, in being detailed enough but not over detailed that your system struggles to run it. Game runs pretty much hassle free from start. If you're into building ctites but without the conflict this is for you, it will provide you with hours of challenges, it the achievements provides you with outcomes to meet to keep the game interesting for you. Adding in the many great mods available only enchances this game further."
76561198010639077,Not Recommended,242920,11596891,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,crazymantom,"I agree with many of the comments I have seen, both positive and negative.  The game is beautiful, relaxing for an old fart like me when I come home from work.  But when your characters starve to death while gathering food, farming, or fishing, it just proves the game is unbalanced and needs more work.  When your population decreases down due to starvation, and the ONLY thing ALL your population is doing is gathering food, and they still starve themselves out of existance LOL, it needs more work."
,Recommended,242920,9227658,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Daniel Bae Lewis,"After playing this game for 10 hours my palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy.There's vomit on my sweater already, mom's spaghetti.  10/10 would lose myself."
,Recommended,242920,9206539,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,xFullboost,"This city builder/survival game is a real treat. It has a relativly short learning curve with concise tutorials. The difficulty can be scaled, providing a fair challenge throughout. The depth and end-game is on par with or surpasses that of bigger city builder games. I highly recommend you watch a ""lets play"" video of Banished to get a good sense of whats in store. Banished, gets my recommendation, and applause!"
,Recommended,242920,9176362,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,orinwarren,If your looking for something like simcity then stop and back away. This game is nothing like it. Banished brings you into a real fight for survival. you are a settlers to new land with nothing but what you got on your back and some supplies. you must leader your citzens to create a town that they can live in during the coldest of winters.I recommend Banished for people who love planning and can see the big picture. if you happen to miss the smallest of details it could turn you newly found home into a ghost town. beware of time for you may be caught in this game for a long time.
,Recommended,242920,9203665,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,spielersun,"It's between Don't Starve and Sim City. Mostly Don't Starve (: sometimes your folks begin to die from starvation after 2 years even if you have enough food. You need to be careful with the home-to-work routes. People need serious attention to do their exact jobs. Fast forwarding is too dangerous sometimes, one minute everything is fine in the other everyone starts to complain about the weather and food.Children, specially students is your town's future (: take good care of them. Winter is harder, you need to stack up some food. Don't build too much building in first years, but build enough. You need to read help section, even when you re in 20. year, so do it please.May be the developers need to balance some stuff, but game is surely entertaining for survival players/"
,Recommended,242920,9186837,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,snmcdonald,"I can't believe this was made by one developer! The game is well executed and has many subtleties. Most importantly, this game tries to be a real simulation; all buildings are available from the beginning.This is where Sim-City meets Settlers of Catan. The game focuses on building a soceity for your banished settlers. You are forced to use proper resource management. If you extensively hunt or fish you can seriously deplete or even cause some species to go extinct. Gathering is only effective in a mature forest, so you have to be mindful of your logging. You have to develop a sustainable society, and develop a balance with your environment.The game can be troubling at first, especially watching your settlers starve to death after a few seasons. On my first attempt, I tried to urban plan my whole settlement, only to see a mismanged group of settlers struggle and eventually die. You have to build realistically, and start as a hunter/gather society.  It is important to read the wiki, play the tutorial and start on easy with mild conditions. As you master the art of sustainability you can attempt harder difficulties.PS: A tip for anyone struggling is to remember that labourers are useful. When I first started playing I tried to maximize all  my trades, and that left my skilled tradeswo/men doing labourer duties. If you look closely, you'll see wood cutters leaving piles of firewood. The fisherwo/men will box up caught fish at their hut. If a labourer doesn't remove these items, it forces the skilled worker to remove them. You can maximize your building and hunting by leaving a small labourer pool."
,Recommended,242920,9199968,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Holo,"Game is easy and pretty comfy.Obviously, when you build a lot of houses, people will ♥♥♥♥ in them and have 5 babies each. And even more obviously, children need food and can't work. Same can apply to nomads but that's because you forgot bulding more food gathering things or didn't care enough.TL;DR:_____git gud_____"
76561198030734974,Recommended,242920,9212204,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,CadillacJack,"EA gave the customers their middle finger with the latest release of the success-series Sim City. They turned a series of games that was highly loved by it's fans and widely played, to a pile of stinking camel-feces - all after spending a huge hunk of cash on development.And then along comes Banished. Not quite as complex. Not quite as good looking. Not quite there, but still not very far off at all! What it does have is a whole lot of charm, and a big portion of genuine atmosphere. It's one of these games that's easy to get into and understand, but it is a hell of a wild bullride to really master. Expect sudden population-deaths, because of infestations and bad crops. Expect a long time mining out stones so you can build. Expect frustrations over short summers and long winters. But most of all, expect to just fall in love with this game - even though it is not very advanced on any part.It is the total opposite of what EA and Sim ♥♥♥♥♥♥ is - it is just what it shows you, nothing more, and very honest. And cheap. Get this game."
,Recommended,242920,18887626,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Samork,Best medieval city builder out there!
76561198048854681,Recommended,242920,12807670,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TVΛ.Weaponized,"One of the best Indie games on Steam. It's rock solid stable, I've never seen a glitch or so much as a hiccup in my time playing it. It also has one of the best tutorial systems I've ever seen in an Indie game, you can actually learn the game as opposed to going online to watch someone else teach it.What will keep you coming back is the endless variety. Your maps are based on seeds (a la Minecraft) so each time you play it will be something different and there's a great online community for sharing map seeds.You won't be disappointed with this game."
,Recommended,242920,9173413,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Noif1988,"Very funny and enjoyable game! It is worth to buy it! Only bad thing that this game might little bit heavy for your pc, but not mattered me."
,Recommended,242920,9179600,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ChewySalmon,One word: Brilliant
76561198038079602,Recommended,242920,13629721,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Admiral Allahu Akbar,"Once upon a time, in a small village called Skellon, there was a 10 year od boy named Llewel that started a cucumber farm, happily he had kids, and worked the cucumbers until the sweet man died at the age of 81.........  The god of Banished decided to mod the game, and somehow placed his grave on his beloved cucumber farm...........He worked cucumbers, now the cucumbers work him...11/10"
76561198013149300,Recommended,242920,18843748,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sir.Pinkie,"I really like playing this, but it desperately needs some updates."
76561198006557770,Recommended,242920,9201889,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Hyrtin,"It's a very good game for those of us who don't mind not having to fight space invaders while building a town in the woods.  The learning curve is fun, as is the norm with these games- be prepared to lose lots of people to starvation and cold! I love that unlike ""Anno 2070"", you aren't forced to build the thing to unlock the thing to unlock the thing... you have access to everything at the start to build the type of town you want."
,Recommended,242920,9282963,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,[SG] Spiritwind,"This game is the old genre of city building games revived.  If you were a fan of the early settlers, Anno, or Age of Empire Games, then this is for you!  Made by one person, yet still so much better than the supposed AAA games of the genre with 400 people working on it!If your thinking about buying this; stop thinking and do so!  If you think there is even a chance you might enjoy this, there is a 99% chance you will!"
76561198050102256,Recommended,242920,9223499,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Swarfly,Watching your people starve to death even though you have 7 fishing posts... 10/10
76561198007300752,Recommended,242920,12389272,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Blackadar,"Banished is one of my favorite games in recent years. Thus I recommend Banished wholeheartedly, but I want to help you understand what you're getting. You're not getting a broad game with whiz-bang graphics. You're not going to get something that's going to get your pulse going. You're not getting something that's going to give you the feeling of dominating the world.You're getting a software toy in one of the purest senses of the word. You're getting a suble, refined and elegant experience that allows you to build a simple medieval village. And once you've done so, you sit back and take pride in your handiwork in crafting that village. That's it. That's the entire point of the game. It does this marvelously.There's no invading goblin forces. There's no magic. No gold to give to the king, no Robin Hood, no mysterious cave to explore. There''s no foozle to kill. There's a lot of things Banished is not. It is a narrowly tailored game about staying alive and sheparding your village towards being a vibrant and sustaining place to live. Your principle opposition is the environment itself, creating a balanced ecosystem and trying to maintain that balance as simple factors like weather, village width, population aging and a bad havest try to throw it out of balance. It's both simple and complex at the same time.The game is complete and the developer is done with it. From my standpoint he crafted a thing of beauty. Personally, Banished is one of those games I revisit from time to time and I always have a great, relaxing experience doing so. It's like putting on your favorite sweatshirt. It fits well and it feels great.Now for those who want more, there are Workshop Mods including the comprehensive Colonial Charter mod that add so many different options to the game. So if you like buildilng games with an attention to detail then Banished is for you. It remains one of my favorites in my ever-growing Steam library.PS - Even over a year later I keep coming back to this to play it."
,Recommended,242920,11144925,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Backpack,Banished is a fun detailed simulation of a town that you have to try and raise while keeping everyone alive.Before i continue there are no monsters or enemies in this game beside-Famine-Diseases-TIme (old age)-Weather-FiresYou start in charge of a couple people with supplies (depending on difficulty) and from there you have to assign roles for people such as working as builders or farmers ect.Lots of jobs available and many buldings that you can build so construction in the game is at it's best and only gets better from there.It is more of a relaxing game and like I said earlier really there is no violence so if you are anaction type of person this is not the game for youIt's kinda like the Tropico series but a lot less silly and more detailed in what you do with your people. Also i dont think anyone is gonna make it to thousand of citizens in this game.This game is fairly challenging one wrong move usually an lead to the death of your people but in time you will learn how to recover from faliures.It's a fun different type of game i give 8/10 because while replayability is more common on this game i PERSONALLY don't find myself repeating this game too often but i played enough to say this game is worth it if you love building and dont mind the lack of action.
,Recommended,242920,10511467,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,DiaGazpacho,"The joy of gardening.You grow people, and it's pretty.Ten out of Five!"
76561197985024671,Recommended,242920,10607139,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mysterious stranger,yay
,Recommended,242920,9306946,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,põhjamaade boi,got to 100 guys then my town burned down
76561198035689240,Not Recommended,242920,32178942,Posted: 4 June,all,str(Math.pi),"I absolutely loved this game. I build one colony, it was cool. Then I had nothing to do.So I build another colony! It died.So I build another colony! It thrived, then I had nothing left to do.I feel that this game just needs more content. After 3h or so, there isn't much more to look forward to in a village. The controls are good, the mechanics are awesome and the AI works just fine. But I just feel that it needs some more when you've reached the stade where you have a sustainable colony.So... Please devs, make some new content, buildings, ""EndGame"" stuff..."
,Recommended,242920,11145762,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,P0RNHUB™.KATIE™,"""A child named Oral was born""11/10 would birth more Orals"
,Not Recommended,242920,12839909,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,LANKY© - www.oliversmith.rocks,"I'm not sure where to begin...This is a brilliant little city building game and I'd say best I've played all 2014 BUT I felt it just was not a simulation in terms of classic simulations.. I felt it was mor eof an arcade game dressed up as a simulation game...The game works on Balance so of course you must feed your people... so I got them fed.. then they all got sick and died. and I mean all of them.. not like oh 3 got the Flu and died... I was not producing enough medicine to meet demands so they ALL died... so balancing food, medicine and then the fact they need firewood to... I felt like this was more of a hardcore arcade game built into a city simulator...I'm not going to recommend it to my Simulation/Strategy friends BUT I do want to recommend it to all.. it is a brilliant little game!So a 6/10 from me, now please buy it... but don't buy it! (Steam please give me a meh option... I endorse this game but I don't endorse it!)"
76561198098775389,Not Recommended,242920,28948814,Posted: 2 January,all,Rosie Posie,I don't really know what I was expecting with this game. Read about it. Watched video. It was super cheap on Steam Sale. Meh. There isn't really a point to it. No objectives that I've found besides build a town larger and have all the buildings. If you're thinking it will be like CivCity or something you're mistaken. It's alright if you have a little time to kill and can't load another game. Would be better if there was some sort of.... I don't know.... Purpose??
,Recommended,242920,15985282,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SeriouslyDave,"Many new players complain that people starve too easily in Banished.  However, the truth is that you can easily avoid starvation and have a thriving town in Banished:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=448054493If you need help or have questions, simply ask in discussions (or search discussions).  Posting screenshots is especially helpful:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=426464560Or, try one of the guides.  Many are easy to follow.  One example:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=404867761Mods may make the game a whole lot more interesting to you.  They do for me.  These are the two that seem to add the most content:Colonial Charter Curse of the Golden LlamaThe Medieval Town ModBe aware, though, that mods disable Steam achievements."
76561198050363670,Not Recommended,242920,19027895,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Cmdr. Chucky,"This is a beautifully put-together, challenging, boring game.  It feels like Civ without enemies or victory conditions, and so I rather feel like I’m participating in a period-piece documentary, not a video game."
76561198075776000,Not Recommended,242920,14680734,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,dani_jatszik,"I had high hopes. I imagined a game where I can build a town while fighting with all the sufferings of the medieval life: nature, wildlife, diseases. Fortunately, Banished's basic concepts are these things. Not so fortunate, this game is all about concept.If you have ever played a town/city or basicly any builder game, you know the drill: build efficiently and keep people happy (and alive). Banished was never intended to revolutionize the industry, which I think is a good thing considering all the games which started to rethink the basics and squeezed under it's own weigth.Following the minimalist path, there is a very short list of buildings you can build. You start with a cart and two families, it's your job to build them everything they need before winter. The graphics is great, I really love it, perfectly fits into the theme. The first hours are also awesome, understanding the UI and examining the possibilites took about 5 minutes. Than the winter came......And nothing happened. My town turned white, and people used firewoods to keep themselves warm. This was the part when things started to stink. Where are the extreme snowfalls you read in medieval books? Why people are not shivering or at least give a damn about the freezing cold in their unheated wooden house? Of course, when you run out firewood, people can't heat and eventually they die but somehow I expected a more complex behaviour.Okay, well, still playing hours with this game, After a few winter, suddenly a text box appeared: one of my villager was ran over by a boar. A textbox? You serious? WTF? Is the village mourning (as 30 people lived in my village at that point), or at least his family? Ney, Banished ignores all these community thingies. Oh, I almost forgot the merchants who are only willing to come by boat, after you have built an expensive harbor.Well, still playing. I have every resources to live happily, but the population is not growing. As I read in the forums, it is because I didn't build houses. They make children only if you build houses before (you read it right). In addition, the quality of the house really counts: in shanks, a couple can have one child only, while in a brick house more is allowed. (Not speaking about new-born children living in a house alone)At this point, I was really worried, but insisted on playing. My town grew and grew, and eventually, I've found my ultimate problem with this game: this game has no porpuse at all! Of course, build your town and stuff like that, but there is no achievement in this whole game. You built a school? Good. Now, you'll have educated workers, who theoretically works better.  Have a church? Now a guy can work there. Asking a townsman about his thougths? Rofl. A basic diplomacy (e.g. like in Tropico) would have been a good point but it was never in the cards.Banished stands on strong legs. The concept is great, but it is full of half-solutions. While playing I thought maybe after a certain size it will be more diverse and exciting, but no. It might become harder if you plan wrong, but not more exciting. Using the workshop you can put a lot of buildings in it, which are really great, worths a try, though they cannot fix the big problems with this game. There is not a single point where you can bind to your townspeople (I think they don't even have a name), or your town. This game is not that good, and not bad either but it is a real time-killer for sure. If you have a lot of free-time I recommend it, because it makes the hours fly, but if you play one or two hours only a day, maybe you should keep looking."
,Not Recommended,242920,18966319,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Peldrigal,"This feels like a tech demo for a game studio. It's not really a game: there are not enough things to do. You optimize the production with your actual population, and then wait to do it again. It would be more efficient and equally fun to write a script to do it.I'm severely disappointed by this game."
76561198016707912,Not Recommended,242920,29222253,Posted: 13 January,all,archenemy,"TL;DR:If you like slow paced, peaceful ""chill"" building games, this will do it, but I expected more.First of all, Banished is NOT a bad game. I only dare to give a negative review because there are a lot of positive ones so I won't ruin their reputation.On the other hand, it is not a terribly interesting game. Since the game gives you all the tools from the beginning, you don't unlock anything new later, there is no ""research tree"" or anything similar. Basically you survive the first few winters, and then you are okay, the game switches to an ""idle game"".You can still trade for new seeds or animals you don't have yet, but this isn't enough to keep long-term interest.The game is also very peaceful, no enemies, no bandits, no wild animals. I count this a negative, but it might be positive for some people."
,Recommended,242920,25494368,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Chizu,"So much joy, so much tears. Before this game I didn't realize how much people are able to panic if food or firewood gets low, as it will create a huge hoarding and everything will end in a blink of an eye.But, all in all. I love the graphics, love the gameplay and all in all love this game and would recommend it to anyone who likes city/town building games all in all."
76561198028143470,Not Recommended,242920,15637946,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,jbaatz317,Not enough to this game. Very dry and unrewarding.
,Recommended,242920,9205892,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,T/5 O'Halloran [1st RB],"This game is amazing. It's a grown up game for grown ups, with no zombies, defences, creatures and barbarians. This game will make you think about city planning, and how to build up your city, while maintaining happiness and healthiness.My first playthrough, was a good one, noone died of hunger, cold or sickness.Until suddenly my blacksmith died of old age. Noone was able to fill his spot. Soon tools began to break and noone could do anything. We ran out of resources, and eventually a fire came and burned down my resource barn. Then it was just a waiting game until they all died of the cold winter to follow.Such a wonderful game, a city builder for competant mature people. it emcompasses the mindset of building, managing and protecting. You actually feel upset whenever any of your citizens die. One playthrough is enough to learn any lesson regarding shortages and the like.Even now in it's unfinished state it is the game I've been waiting for, and has an excellent future for it, as long as the developer continues to add to it.I hope he reads this review, I'm very happy with this game."
,Not Recommended,242920,32163337,Posted: 3 June,all,Ritchie,The concept was great. Fresh feel to a strategy game. I learnt the mechanics in less than 10 hours. Thrived. Lost people. Thrived some more. I could no longer progress or upgrade buildings. Big city or small village it all looks the same the visual was pants!
76561198051245201,Not Recommended,242920,28984137,Posted: 3 January,all,Squish,"Its fun to watch your very own village to grow into a bustling town, but with so little diversity in building types, and no real objectives to follow but to keep expandng just for the hell of it I was bored very fast.Try Tropico games instead"
,Recommended,242920,15023137,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Luciel,"Dear Mr. King (I would say Charles but it´s been 170 years so I doubt you´re still alive),It would seem you completely forgot about us as we never heard from you or the British empire ever since we arrived in this god-forsaken land you like to call ""the colonies"", either that or figured we´d never make it or be dead soon and to be fair, I could see why you´d think that, let´s face it, the supplies you gave us to start with where... let´s just say... less than we had anticipated.http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/25.jpgOh, by the way, we had this guy come to town all the way from Italy if you´d believe it, his name was DaVonci, he´s a bit crazy but can paint very well as you can see from the depictions we sent you with this letter.But aniway you know how we british are, always trying to make the best with what we have and 180 years later, well, you could say I live well.http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/2.jpgAnd in a pretty nice neighbourhood, certainly better than that craphole in London.http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/3.jpgBut anyhow, we´ve progressed quite well, there´s 2147 people with us (by our last count) and well, because of it we have to cut wood quite slow, like at 2x (can you believe that!?) otherwise it becomes a bit ""choppy"" (no pun intended) or so I´m told by our local engineer, something to do with processing pathfinding, no idea whatsoever what that means, he´s also a bit crazy but we keep him around as he has some great stories for those cold winter nights.Just so you know we´re not that angry at you, we do fly the good ´ol british flag next to our own town hall.http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/1.jpgAnd in part it´s because we have kept some of our beloved English values, like citizen class (we asked DaVonci not to paint the smoke, again according to the engineer, it doesn´t help the choppyness apparently whatever that means!http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/6.jpghttp://www.neonit.net/images/banished/7.jpghttp://www.neonit.net/images/banished/8.jpgSure sometimes they complain that it´s crowded and that some of us have better houses but they quickly forget about it at the local Inns (the good ´ol bread and circus methology).http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/4.jpghttp://www.neonit.net/images/banished/5.jpgPlus you know, it has to be crowded, like 95% of our population is just there for food production (so much for a fully educated people).http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/15.jpghttp://www.neonit.net/images/banished/16.jpghttp://www.neonit.net/images/banished/17.jpghttp://www.neonit.net/images/banished/18.jpghttp://www.neonit.net/images/banished/19.jpghttp://www.neonit.net/images/banished/20.jpgYou´ll be pleased to know we´re currently working on developing and much safer environment, there´s so many accidents and illness but we´re getting better at it, unfortunately, there´s still a lot of casualties but you know, at least the place looks cleaner and nicer as we progress.http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/14.jpgAnyhow, just wanted to catch up with you and let you know that things are well at New Paola, and that our trading market is booming.http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/13.jpgAnd because of that we´re sending a gift to you, we heard you´re having trouble in your fields so we´re sending a bunch of fertilizer to show you our appreciation (Spoiler: Yes, it´s our poo).http://www.neonit.net/images/banished/24.jpgBest Regards,The ""Colony""."
,Recommended,242920,13497873,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Little Miss Zombae,"I have never once been able to get past 80 people in my city. The one time I did 1 building caught on fire, the people standing at the well just literally stood by the well doing nothing and watched their entire town burn to ashes. The only one that survived was a small home, winter came, no food, no clothes all human popsicles.10/10I can't stop playing this."
76561197984407063,Not Recommended,242920,17987439,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Shia Labeouf,"was good for about 9 hours worth of game play, then you quickly find out that this may be the most repetative game ever created.update pls? wtf"
76561198090776153,Not Recommended,242920,15122342,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BOOMerang,There are no challenges. Just sandbox. Game is slow and repetitive. Hate it.
76561198026181605,Recommended,242920,22638324,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,LuckyDog,"This game IS addictive, challenging, relaxing, and really a pleasure to play.The background music is almost hypnotic - I think there must be something subliminal buried in it xD.  Hours after I've turned off the computer, I find that repeating tune stuck in my head.  God help me, I love it.As of this writing, over 91% of the reviews are Positive, and there is good reason for that.  The game is a winner.  There are an almost infinite number of scenarios to choose from, with some childishly easy to succeed at (a good place for beginners to start), and the difficulties go all the way up to essentially unsurvivable.The incredible number of MODs available to choose from in the Workshop also adds so much richness and variety to the game.  There is a HUGE Banished community growing and supporting the game and its MODS.  The one scenario that seems to disturb me most is the two settlers, Adam & Eve scenario - LOL, where brothers wind up marrying sisters, and then 1st cousins, etc.  Now, that's a genuine Uncle Daddy & Aunt Mama family tree.  Anybody on earth should find that hilariously funny, with no disrespect meant to Arkansans.... Bless their hearts.I've seen a few critical reviews that reference Sim City, and such, and if that's all they see here with Banished, they came in the door with the wrong expectations.  I own multiple generations of the Sim City series dating back to Win95, as well as, Cities XL, Cities in Motion, and so on.  Banished has little in common with those, IMHO.The Banished player gets the chance to more closely manage resources and activities, and essentially 'craft' to build more complex structures, more sophisticated clothing, etc. (Hint - warmer settlers work more efficiently in harsh winters).  This is not a high pressure, can't go AFK for a coffee or bathroom break, kind of game.  So, settle in, relax, and enjoy.  For frenzied, Constant ACTION, Run 'n Gun players, there's always a CSGO / COD server somewhere, right?!In short, the Banished player chooses the region and number of initial settlers, as well as starting resources in the game menu.  The race is on to get sufficient shelter, food, and fuel (firewood/coal) before winter sets in.  When it gets cold, you won't see much production from the settlers.  The strategy you start with is up to you.  As for me, early in the game I prefer to focus on Gatherers and an Herbalist (the Healer) before that first winter.  I've had great starts where there were tons of firewood, food, etc., only to see everyone die off to sickness, because I forgot the Herbalist.  Another point I keep in mind is to stockpile absolutely every scrap of firewood, food, and medicine that you can lay hands on to the point of ridiculous excess, so that you can spare settlers to be teachers, preachers, and healers.  Sure, it sounds corny, but Education is important, since educated workers here simply produce more.  Be leery of nomads.  When they show up, they usually lack education, have scores of unproductive, hungry children, and invariably bring disease, so you better have a hospital.  The game never makes it clear what the disease is, but I suspect some nasty STD - LOL.  Again, no offense intended, Arkansans.When I first started the game, I had settlers dropping like flies, and sadly, my major concern seemed to be having a large enough cemetery.  But now, regardless of difficulty, I manage to keep things balanced enough that the only deaths seem to be from old age - as it should be.  I also highly recommend one of the Mods that change the passage of time to one actual year of gameplay for each year of the settler's life.  The default seems to be several years of life for each four-season Banished year.  When everything is stable for a moment, and little direct input is required, it has a great Fast-Forward x10 that moves things along until a point where more input is required.A satisfying moment for me is when I'm 8 or 9 game years into a scenario, and I have some of the original potatoes from the wagon in the barn.  That's when you know the food production is more than under control.  Anybody hungry for a 9 year old spud?  I'll pass!I bought Banished during an earlier Sale, so keep your eyes open for sales.  Frankly, for me it would be worth the money at full retail, so jump at the chance to buy it either way.  More than 91% of the buyers think you'll be glad you did.  I hope this was helpful.  Cheers"
76561198030903770,Recommended,242920,9752156,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,jensenthecat,"Great game!  Please read the reviews before buying.A lot of people apparently are not getting what they expected.""The success or failure of a town depends on the appropriate management of risks and resources.""That's the last line in ""About the Game"".  (See above).It is very complex and needs a lot of thought.It's great and those who love it - really do - and those who don't have not put enough thought if the game is for them.So do some research and with no unrealistic expectations you should enjoy!After over 1400 hours I still enjoy Banished.There has been very skilled modders that has kept the game interesting."
,Recommended,242920,12649443,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Swoy,"Tis game is a must if you enjoy city builders. You will find it quite rewarding. While after about 200 hours - you know the game in and out, there are still mods in development tat will make the game even more fun. After 300 hours spent in the game i'm still at it, and I can warmly recommend this game to anyone who love the city bulder genre for what it's worth.If you are a casual player, this is the game for you.10/10"
,Recommended,242920,10099147,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Walker,City building and planning at its best.  You aren't simply trying to keep the towns books in the black but trying to keep your people alive.Also if you ever happen to feel evil you can cause your whole town to freeze or starve to death which is a much darker way to kill them all off then going the natural disaster rout.I call this the North Korea Simulator.
76561197968815007,Not Recommended,242920,28843969,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,WANNA DOOBIE?,"to get the full experience of this game all you must do is play for 30 min then refund it. there is nothing in this game besides bad AI. the only upgrade you can do in the game is wood house to stone house. and the ai is so bad it will kill your entire town out of starvation regardless of food stocks. AI will not help eachother in any task regardless of how many workers their are. farmers that are finished harvesting dont help the farmers still working, instead they go idle for the rest of the year. a worker will work on one end of the map, but live on the opposite side, so they get zero productivity. a farm can get only 15% in a year because the farmer takes so long to get their regardless of how many houses you build near the farm. this could be called a open beta at best but there is nothing being done to it.do not buy this."
76561198031434251,Recommended,242920,29827661,Posted: 10 February,all,Rob,"this game feels a bit like a development of Blue Byte's Die Siedler II. The core of the game is about running complex cycles of commodities and build up a sustaining community of banished settlers, which is quite challenging. Another nice and innovative aspect is, that you don't have enemies to conquer or defeat. The 'only' hazards for you are hard winters or natural disasters like a Tornado.And you can run it offline, which might be interesting for people on business trips or during assembly.7,5/10  points in my opinion, great single-player; regrettably no MP, but this would not fit to the game mechanix"
76561198039971632,Recommended,242920,9175459,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,corndog147,comfy/10 game. Beautiful and serene.
,Recommended,242920,9174359,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sumaris,GOTY 2014 MUH DIK
,Not Recommended,242920,9868531,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Edelweiß,"To start of: Banished is a city builder type of game in the same vein as Age of Mythology, Anno series, The Settlers, Children of the Nile, ect. But how the game differs is in its design philosophy: Namely the game isn't so much about upgrading your settlements like in many of the aforementioned game and combat doesn't even exist at all.This is where the greatest enemy is the environment itself. Unless you play on a very easy setting - you will be controlling a small group of people who settle in a quite cold biome resembling the northen europe/russia climate which means; very harsh winters and a single harvesting opportunity in autumn.The game takes place in medieval times - they live in relatively poorly insulated tree houses which require fuel to sustain heat during the winter. The fuel is either coal dug from mines or firewood chopped from regular lumber. To keep this resource in a steady supply thereforth becomes a priority.The other challenge is farming. In most other city builders you can sustain your population with relatively low amounts of farmers or less amount of effort, more in vein with the modern farming revolution that allows more farming with less manpower. In this game however you need to dedicate at the absolute minimum 50% of your population to gathering food from different sources. This becomes a rather important issue throughout the whole game regardless of your population size. Since farmlands take up a lot of space, it presents an interesting dilemma for how you're supposed to plan your village. It doesn't work very well to try and plan like a city where farms are at the edges of society. Instead they need to be an integral part of where you put your housing for your people. If you think this is boring to read about - then you might not like this game. It is very important part of the game sadly that the game is very unforgiving about. Sometimes famines happen due to a overconsumtion of a few families, which makes food gathering so very important and even a relatively short famine has devestating effects that are nigh impossible to stop - often reducing your population with 75% which in turn makes it harder to gather food.When you get the food situation under control - you then need to make sure that your villagers can surivive the winter. Since climate gets quite cold during the winter you need to make sure that they have enough fuel. Thankfully this isn't as big an issue sometimes and can be helped in a number of more ways than farming. For example; in addition to providing more fuel you can also provide coats of leather, wool or both (which you aquire from livestock and hunting). You can also upgrade your houses from wooden houses to stone houses. Stone being a more difficult material to gather and requiring more manpower makes this largely a very late game thing. Especially when the woodcutters start to run out of convenient space and any reduction in your citizens needs are incredibly helpful. The benefits of building stone houses early exists but are ultimately rather small to begin with.This sort of makes winter an easy thing to deal with for anyone knowing what they're doing, and really - these are the only two needs for the citiziens to be satisfied. There are two other needs which are health and happiness but from what I've played - and I haven't played a lot: I haven't seen any need for satisfying health or happiness. My citizens live up until the 70 ages which in my opinion sounds like a massive lot in those times. Especially considering that most age related diseases starts at 40 - 50 years of age and only escalates. With that in mind I think that the game's idea of people's life expectancy is a bit unrealistic.Happiness is satisfied in two ways: Religion and Drinking. You can build chapels and taverns in the village where the population gathers to pray or drink their problems away. But there's no interesting dynamic to them. Everybody in the village seem to be able to become a member of a church, but they don't seen to take any time off to really go and pray. But I don't know if it's the same with taverns.Health is satisfied in two ways too. You can keep your citizens healthy through a varied diet so growing different corps has a benefit in that regard. And there's also a herbalist building which gathers herms in ""ancient forests"" which increases health as well. Since the game doesn't seen to have any mechanics of sickness (of exclusion of diseases which are not cured by herbalists but by doctors in a hospital), the importances of placing herbalists seem to be more trouble than it's worth.Diseases like I mentioned before are another aspects of the game: Namely catastrophies. These events are either fires or diseases. These seem to happen very rarely with low populations so again - it's a late game thing, but they're easy to solve. In the case of disease: Putting down a hospital or two makes it so that all sick people gathers there and are kept from the rest of your healthy population. Often they even get cured there somehow and can later return to the workforce with a surprisingly low amount of consequences. You combat fires by placing out wells around the town for your citizens to pull water from. Since I never have experienced a fire - I cannot even tell how that mechanic work.So to summarize: This is a game with a bunch of elements, that it tries to keep realistic. You mostly sit and wait for your workers to grow crops, grow the population, put down more places where crops are supposed to grow, waiting for them to gather materials (which I forgot to mention, but it's takes a long time and requires a lot of manpower). Sadly the game just isn't very fun. There are no interesting dynamics in play here. Yes people need to eat, yes people need to be kept warm. These are good basic mechanics, but what about town events or entertainment or traveling minstrels or raiders? The village seem so very isolated and it makes the game seem so much more barebones than its competitors. I think the game could have used some more time to think up better dynamics because ultimately it's boring to watch people strolling around and collecting stuff and waiting for opportunities to expand. This makes the player a slave to the game instead of the other way around which I think it should be. I like city builders a lot but this is in my opinion a poor one. You might still like it thanks to its difficulty but for me it was not a lot that I felt was worth going through the difficulty to make it feel rewarding enough - thereforth I don't recommend this game."
76561198001438359,Recommended,242920,9836846,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Fahzix,"U build, you kill, you're basically jesus"
,Recommended,242920,9607996,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Powell,"♥♥♥♥ING COMFY SIMULATOR. AWWW YEA GET DEM CROPS DOWN, WATCH YOUR LITTLE ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ AND MULTIPLY, WATCH WINTER COME AND THEY STAND IN THE GRAVEYARD AND WAIT TO DIE. ♥♥♥♥ YEA"
76561198032575353,Not Recommended,242920,26277827,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DagonDogs,"TL;DR (whole review here:http://dagondogs.com/2016/10/19/banished-quick-n-dirty-review/)Banished is a simple and slimmed-down blueprint of what makes up a city builder strategy game. It has some of the necessary pieces in place and there is certainly some satisfaction to the gameplay. However, Banished ends up being too basic and lacks the necessary risk/reward, or a sense of progression to convince me to keep playing. Not to mention, the over-reliance on mods to make this barebones game more interesting rubbed me the wrong way, especially in terms of the current price at the time of this review. If Banished were $5 I'd be more inclined to accept it for what it does, but at its current price of $20, I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,242920,24822950,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,UnoThe,"the game is really nice but ..... they need to stop dying after first winter.As of now im sure that the game is 100% agains me, why you ask becouse i got a perfect start everything went my way including that BLOODY tornado ."
76561197996499443,Not Recommended,242920,17266784,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,LoKi³,"It's a pleasent game but it's not managed to keep my interest. there is no end goal and there really is a limited experiance to be had here.you simply build a village and keep it stable with limited buildings and gameplay variety through the seasons and with the odd disasters/hard winter.think ballancing a spinning plate on your finger and then think of that as the key game dynamic for this title, ballance and going for as long as you can.Thankfully the steamworkshop has a generous selection of player created content that does fatten out the game a little but still with the missing end game it makes the entire experiance seem flat."
,Not Recommended,242920,34356520,Posted: 19 August,all,Ordo Skirata,"A great survival/resource management game, but it suffers from being too easy and lacking content.At the beginning of the game, there is a challenge to kickstarting your colony, but once you have a steady food supply, it becomes very easy. There are only two uncontrollable threats in the game, fire and disease. One is solved by placing water wells around your colony, the other by having a hospital. There's nothing locked behind research, everything is available from the get go.It's not a bad game, but because nothing new ever happens, it's quite boring. There's enjoyment to be had by creating a large colony, but that's really it. If you look at the Steam achievements for the game you will see that they're all based around having a large colony (300+ residents), because that's all you really have to do.And because of the lack of content, I'm going to have to not recommend the game, except for a price you consider acceptable for around2 hours of content. You can push yourself further, but that's only if you really like building a settlement up.The one bonus that I haven't properly explored is the Steam Workshop for the game. But most of them are just reskins of buildings, but if you enjoy building, you have more variety available from the workshop."
,Not Recommended,242920,19022408,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,langkopf,"This game is kind of fun, but some mechanics are so annoying it really doesnt make it worth the price.things to improve:- citizens hoard food, resulting in one household having hundrets of units of food, others have none (even though there are ways to deal with this, it really takes time to do or even notice that they are hoarding)- hungry citizens die way to quick. they can literally walk 500m and they are dead-even worse, hungry citizens do not cease their work and go eat something and just die while working (had this multiple times, food was in the storages, but hungry citizens would not go eat)- the AI is kind of primitive. resources will always have to be taken to a storage before being taken to where they are needed (a hungry farmer takes the food to the storage, then to his house, then he eats. most of the time he dies on his way. builders clean up a building area, take the resources to a storage, take the same resource from the storage to the workplace.this game could be a lot of fun, especially if there were rival towns to fight against. but for a game thats only focussed on the management of a town, i think this is really underachieving."
,Not Recommended,242920,32957626,Posted: 28 June,all,RedAestus,"While I like the game and the interface, the AI is awful and it's near impossible to avoid starvation. Despite building many food resources and assigning all my citizens to food resources. This needs amending."
76561198011667495,Not Recommended,242920,16615101,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Slomo4shO,"This is an incomplete game. There has not been any updates in over a year.The only thing the developer is willing to do is getting the game to work on OpenGL so he can capitalize on the OSX and Linux communities and milk this incomplete product as much as he can.I would urge you to stay away unless you enjoy incomplete alpha versions of games...I will take it a step further and suggest staying away from all future titles from Shining Rock Software LLC, the developer has made it perfectly clear that he has no interest in finishing this title and will likely hold the same sentiment in future titles."
76561198040645277,Not Recommended,242920,32771595,Posted: 25 June,all,A E S T H E T I C,"Game's got good gameplay, nice enough graphics and good ui, will be fun in the first two hoursBUTthere is practically no late game once you can reliably feed and grow your population,once more, the game seemingly glitches and a cycle of starvation can randomly hit killing 80-100% of your population. You might say im just bad at the game, but when you have the entire population of 100 poeple farming, gathering food, and fishing yet somehow dying of starvation it seems like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. So either the ai is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or the game is glitched, mind you i had 200 surplus food sitting somewhere when i had 10 people starving to death per season"
76561198044931842,Not Recommended,242920,16394871,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MissEldira,"Not complex or deep. Folks who say so and recomended it to me seldom play for more then a few hours. Very little complexity other then providing food. Sometimes that is a fine thing in a game, but ones you mastered it there is nothing to keep you going (And no it aint no minecraft either mods will not solve it for free this time. If you dont put great content and great design in from the start do not expect moders to do so for you either). With so many great builder games out there, do not pick this one unless you have an interest in studying it."
76561197968425870,Not Recommended,242920,29020419,Posted: 4 January,all,TGLeviathan,"It's was one of those indie games that had great potential. Created by just one dev it got praised on YouTube by many. but allas it seems that the game is now completely broken.I played it for a while and based my building order on what I found online and for a great while is goes great, building up your food, fuel, wood, stone and iron. Then you decide to expand your town a bit hmm food supplies go down so build another fishery you think right? WRONG, I had 50 people and 32 were on food duty and quess what, all dead due to starvation with at least 150 fish in each house and an ample supply in stock.This could simply be a bug but unfortunately the one dev stopped updating the game september 2016 and it seems he totally abbandoned the game. The website receives no more updates, the forum is full of spam and yet the game still sells on steam for €20. Now I'm not going to write an in depth analysis on what's wrong because I would just repeat others but I'd not recommend this to anyone since the game is broken and the dev clearly doesn't care anymore which is a real shame because Banished had such great potential."
76561198066765389,Recommended,242920,15630957,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Hantonius,"I have to say this is the most fun i've had in along time. I'd describe this game as a ""SimCity"" style game with a Medieval twist, but a hell of a lot more challenging. Thank you for making such a great and addictive game! Cheers!"
,Recommended,242920,30331036,Posted: 4 March,all,DiroDoku,You're going to need to watch those resources and make sure nothing overstocked/understocked. It's been a wild ride on this city building game.
76561198254671980,Recommended,242920,27355629,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sophie,Build A Town.Have Fun:DBestGameEver
,Recommended,242920,23779647,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ssvvyy,"Hard in the beginning, but once u get the hang of it, it's fun and time consuming."
,Recommended,242920,9240696,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,RunTowardsDanger,"This is the best $20 you will ever spend. This isn't simcity or any other terribly put together city builder. This is a well thought out, well planned city survival game. You not only decide how to develop the city, but you must also consider the finer details. HOW WILL YOUR CITIZENS SURVIVE? You take each life into your own hands, and inevitably your going to lose some of them. This game specializes in the school of hard knocks. But once your graduate you'll find yourself thriving instead of struggling and in the end. That is what delivers the thrill that this game really is."
,Recommended,242920,10375983,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,knifey_mckniferson,"The game has a bit of a learning curve, but it's a very detailed simulation.  Some micro-management is required, and there are plenty of details to keep track of, but I found the game fun and challenging."
,Recommended,242920,10397271,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Mortone,"A fun game!It has a lot of great ideas and some of these ideas might seem a bit unfinished. And you therefore have to bare in mind that the game is under continued development and therefore has room for improvements.The gameplay is great and you can jump right into the game with a great build in training part for all us new players. The game seems at first to be an easy game, and if you have played other city build-up games you would easily think this! Its a hard game and you need to think both logical and ahead of time!Fun fun! Recommended!"
,Recommended,242920,10409857,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Shirky,"As a fan of city builders, when I saw this game pop up on the store I had to have it and I finally did. Normally when getting into a city builder, you know what you're getting into for the most part and I find most city builders miss the element of a challenge. Banished is a very challenging game. The first year of your town is always the hardest. When the first winter came, was always the point when everything just went to crap. There is a tutorial, which teaches you how to built things, assign workers and stuff like that. So it is very useful, but I found that after a few failed attempts, I needed a little help from YouTube to learn how to survive your first year. Once you do and get the ball rolling it is incredibly fun and a phenomenal game to say the least. The team that made this, and by team I mean one guy. ONE GUY MADE THIS GAME! One guy made this, and Call of Duty still sucks♥♥♥♥♥with three huge companies making them. For $19.99 this game is a steal. This game will work your brain, and kills so much time it's insane. The few hours I've spent on this game blew on by and I loved every second of it. Pick this game up, turn on some music and just enjoy yourself. 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,9799171,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Loose Cannon,"Banished is one of those indie games that revives one of the old genres that has been abandoned by the mainstream: city building. You start as a group of exiles banished from their homeland and sent to live in the untamed new world. You build houses, set aside land for farming, chop down trees...do what you'd think you'd do to survive. One of the quirks of the game is that you have no direct control over what your citizens do. Instead, you just assign a number to a job, and free hands fill it. Honestly, while this idea mostly plays well, it can be very aggravating. Sometimes, you want your miner to live right by the mine, but he instead lives on the other side of town. Nothing you can do there. Also aggravating is citizens starving despite having stockpiled food.The game is very unforgiving and your first town will fail quickly. Yet it's a very fun time waster, and can be relaxing. When people aren't dying, that is. It's like Dwarf Fortress, except not as complex or insane."
,Recommended,242920,9403983,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Enviouskibbles,"Very good game, in some cases a bit too demanding ( not for the brain ) but the actual game for example tailors need at least four hunting cabins to supply enough leather to make the tailors operational."
76561197985657423,Recommended,242920,9288655,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Kegguli,"Awesome and challenging one man project, dont expect an easy start. Lots of fun for hours and hours."
,Recommended,242920,9726885,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Degenerates Belong on the Cross,"This game is legit one of the best city building games I've ever played. It can be a little challenging at first, but once you get the hang of it, you'll be hooked."
76561198044858929,Recommended,242920,9214908,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,SirCrezzy,Having played loads of City Sims i can say without a shadow of a doubt that this is one of the best. Its a bit slow starting but when you get into it and you start building up your towns population you get a real sense of acheivement as the game requires you to balance everything from what your villagers are doing to how much firewood to chop.Considering that this game is made by just one guy i think it will provide me and hopefully you with many many hours of entertainment.
76561198044411944,Recommended,242920,10283620,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Pepin,"BanishedBanished is a sort of Civilisation, or City Simulator based in the past, where the general theme is to expand your town/city while managing your resources and citizens closely.Visually I find this game very pleasing. The trees, water and even rocks look very nice, and the animations are also done well. There isn’t a huge amount to say about the audio, but it does the job.The game itself is hard to talk about. You start with a small number of villagers, and have to have them collect resources such as wood, stone, and food, while building new houses for them to live in. Houses allow your population to grow, giving you more children, which eventually will become adults and workers. That all sounds fairly standard, and even simplistic, but do not be fooled; this game can destroy you. That may sound somewhat strange, when you consider the fact there are no roaming barbarians, vicious animals, or in fact any enemies at all. No, the difficulty is the extent of micro management that is required to keep your town functioning. It’s about finding balance. You might want to build several houses for your villagers, so they can sleep, and take shelter from the weather. That’s all well and good, but that one simple choice now has several consequences such as the need for more wood to be converted to firewood to keep the people warm, it will also increase the population as people start to have children. More children will eventually mean more workers, but in the short term they’re just more mouths to consume precious food. You also have to consider the materials used for the house, and how many people you assign to build it, will no longer be collecting those resources for the time it takes to build. This is just one example, but that is the kind of thing that makes it what it is. Every choice has to be thought through, even the positioning of the houses. A house too far away from the occupants work area means less efficiency and less resources gathered.Your citizens will need to be closely monitored, as they have general health, which can be maintained with a Herbalist making remedies, happiness which is very hard to manage, but can be helped with buildings like Taverns, and Hunger needs to be monitored so they don’t starve to death. Interestingly your citizens will grow old, and they will die of old age, which is an easy thing to forget, and if you do, you may end up with a very old town, incapable of having children, and so you lose by attrition. Weather affects them too, meaning you need to make some warm clothes for winter, and light for summer, and maintain a steady supply of tools for people to actually do their jobs with.Overall the mechanics are very solid and are easy to understand, but difficult to master. However, it’s not all sunshine and rainbows for the game, unfortunately. The pacing of the game can be extremely slow, even when you manually adjust the timer to the fastest setting. Some of the controls, like having someone stop their current job and start doing something else (or work somewhere else) seems very much in the hands of the AI. Sometimes people just won’t do what you want. The biggest thing with Banished though, is ‘the point’. As in ‘what’s the point?’. Truth be told, there isn’t one. There are no technologies to advance, no enemies to conquer, no end of the game or unlocks. You simply just go until you fill the map (which looks quite small). Now, I appreciate that not all games have ‘a point’ per se (ex: Minecraft, Space Engineers, Garry’s Mod) but the majority do, and the ones that don’t are usually based on the player creating something unique, and are multiplayer. Banished has none of those features.Conclusion; to wrap it up I’d say that Banished is a well made and balanced game, with an emphasis on resource and micro-management in a slow paced environment. A recommendation really depends on the person considering buying the game. If you’re the sort of person that likes to pick up a game, play it from start to finish and put it down for a while, this game is likely not for you, so avoid it at all costs. However, if you’re the sort of person that likes a nice, slow paced game, with heavy man-management systems and are not too bothered by campaigns or story driven games, then this is right up your street.Assuming you’re the latter category, I’d give it 8.5/10"
,Recommended,242920,9274315,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Cilone,"This game is amazing! I'm going to let you know right from start that this game will be challenging. I've had a couple cities perish until I finally found good balances for resources. The music, the graphics, the tiny little details for the villagers' daily lives that go on in the game are wonderful. The game is just a blast to play.While you might think ""What if I want to eventually fight something?"" you're not going to have time to think that because you'll be more concerned about how you're going to keep your food storage constant enough to maintain your villigers during the winter.Gaming Tips:I personally recommend building a fishing dock first thing when you start unless you're not near water, then I would go for the hunter's cabin instead. I also play on 5x speed but that is also up to you. Just make sure you have firewood and food for when winter comes because a lot of times the first winter makes or breaks a village. And with crop fields, Have your farmers there at early spring, then once the fields have been harvested (usually sometime in autum, it depends) then have them work on other things in the village so they won't be wasting their time until early spring returns (or if the snow thaws in late winter)I can say that this game will be eating up many hours of free time."
76561198054508054,Recommended,242920,10285054,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,SerenityNow,"Very rewarding game, much better than sim city"
76561198083548506,Recommended,242920,9587515,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,yotamshitrit,"Banished is one of, if not the most hardcore city builder out there.You won't thrive in this game, you won't build a massive succesful city with thousands of people, and you won't casually start building as fast as you can and live to tell about it. You will fail hard and start again at least a few times before getting the hang of what you need to do for survival.Survival is pretty much the word for this game, in that aspect it is arguably more in common with games like Haven & Hearth than SimCity. You have to balance out your workers between gethering food, resorces, tools, clothes, etc. depending on many variables like the weather or map changes. For example, growing crop in a farm may give you tons of valuable food during the spring and summer, but will bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥and grow absolutely nothing during the harsh winters, meaning you will have to replace your farmers to do something useful like chopping firewood to heat your people up.Most of the game's interaction with the player is through tables and selection manues (which are shown only if you toggle them on), and you can speed up, slow down, or pause the game while adjusting these settings. While it may be tempting to speed up the game to gather stuff faster, it will be every amature's downfall, since the adjustments to the situation must be constant and require the player's attention at all times.Honestly, despite all that the game is surprisingly relaxing (when you are not worrying your people will die of starvation). The toned down ambiant music is calm and soothing and the visuals are bright and vibrant. The game manages to be both relaxing and engaging at the same time, while making you truely appreciate your workers and your town after all they have been through.Banished is not easy, But with it's challange it is greatly rewarding. So prepare to start a game, get hooked, lose your town to the forces of nature, and start again better than ever."
,Recommended,242920,9208397,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,MrSeem,Just love this gane! <3
76561197965020920,Recommended,242920,10300019,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Ragnek,"A very complicated and immersive game. One of the better city sims out there right now, and that term doesnt do it justice. I have spent alot of time on this game, one of my first saves is at around year 90, and ive restarted several times, I am still learning different nuiances.4 / 5 definitely a good time sink."
,Recommended,242920,9267545,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,FKA effay,this is the comfiest game i have ever played
,Recommended,242920,9322335,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,SquishyBear [iB],"This game looks simple and easy but it definitely is not. It is more about survival than building and has a tendency to make you feel like the greatest village leader in your settlement's history, just to pretty much punch you in the face 2 minutes later.What do I mean by this? How about a population of 600 starving to death in less than 5 minutes, leaving 2 survivors, both in their late 70s meaning the end of your settlementt?!One minute you will be euphoric, the next speechless. One minute you will have a bustling city, the next a ghost town.Very addictive game, easy to understand, calming, beautifully done, very detailed. Very alive!Very much recommended."
,Recommended,242920,9193593,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Melinko,"This game got me so excited, i got it as soon as i saw it.The game itself has not got too much content, however what content it does have is executed is such a way, it will be challenging you all the way through.And when you think its getting too easy, watch out!Your crops might have pests, Your livestock might be diseased, a tornado might carry away many of the houses you've built, and Your workers might have died from an accident.The micromanagement sometimes really grabs you, and kicks you in the balls if you're not careful.The price is high for an idie game, but bloody hell, it was worth it!"
,Recommended,242920,9269605,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,SyB_DocTolly,"My Fisherman died of starvation, 9/10Good concept and gameplay. Needs more buildings to add variety."
,Recommended,242920,10006945,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,[NAR] Master Baiter,"Banished is a really good city builder.It is also really hard as you need to take care of many factors!I've built a nice looking town, growing my population to about 80 with a decent supply of food and other stuffs.My town ended up being hit by a disease, I've lost many people, then I didn't have enough iron to make new tools so my people were not efficient enough to do their jobs and ended up all starving to death living me with... 3 men.Try to repopulate the world with 3 men!!!It is challenging and every game you start will be different (with more or less success) from the previous one!Definitely recommended to any fan of city builders/strategy/simulation games."
,Recommended,242920,9813650,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Dosedmonkey,"Brilliant city builder sim. Some where between Settlers 2 meets Cities XL. Really fantastic fun to play and beautiful to watch as well. Very well organised and designed economy system. Build anything when you want, to keep your town growing. Incredible this game was made by only one guy!"
,Recommended,242920,9693885,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Salmanz,"the game is nice..but unfortunatly not as good as stronghold..and we all kno stronghold failed misrably to acheive our demands.it lacks the life of the people.u can't get close enough to see what the people are doing unlike stronghold u can acually follow easily the peasants and see what they are doing in a more favorable way..and there are no voices no goal no campaign mode.if only the make the icons colorful and their ui more simpler and add more dangers and alittle bit of voices it would be nicer.it's just boring after few hours, unlike stronghold where u don't need to fast forward..this game u play it and u will find ur self always clicking the x10 speed botton  i give it 4/10   i don't kno why most sites gave it a 8 or a 9 really..."
76561198030004218,Recommended,242920,9242300,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kanjika,"já jogou master of olympus? idéias similares, ambientações completamente diferentes e nível de dificuldade nos extremos opostos. Não negligencie a importancia de roupas de qualidade e de lenha para a fogueira... e acho que comida é meio óbvio também, não?"
,Recommended,242920,10014404,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Whiskers McGee,"Bought this on a whim, glad I did.Couldn't really ascertain much from the store page so just think of it as this: A mixture of a polished Towns with Age of Empire city building.It's hard, that's what I like about it. Population booms coupled with your food production not keeping up results in waves of famines that will wipe out most of your population. Thing is you're enjoying it too much you sit back and wait for it to re-coup only to have it happen again - Rinse and Repeat.Only quip I have is that it needs more 'advanced' buildings. Once you get the balance right - most population I've had is about 178 - the appeal somewhat goes.Other than that, 8/10. Definitely worth the money, get it on sale if it comes up."
76561198113727704,Recommended,242920,9296040,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Slaughtermelon,"This is an awesome game and a fun way to kill time. Its one of those games for people who like watching something come from nothing. Plus its got great mechanics and elements from all aspects are incoorperated into this fun, addictive, city builder."
,Recommended,242920,9274572,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Lt. Spooks,Addictive.
76561198015996788,Recommended,242920,9856728,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Doctor Cotton,"Outstanding! Elegant design; simple, but in a good way. Addictive gameplay. Very well designed game. It's everything SimCity wishes it could be. I liked the fact that there is no money in the game; it's not about getting rich and piling up cash, it's about making a town that works. Very fulfilling.Some other reviewers complained that there wasn't a whole lot of content and that they got bored fast. I have no idea what they were talking about. I liked that all content is unlocked at the start. That doesn't mean you wanna build the biggest most expensive building right at the start, in fact it's not to your benefit to do that, but what that does is make the gameplay very open and non-linear. I can set my own goals and priorities. I've played 32 hrs + and still going strong, I can tell I'll do double that no problem. For the price, I think that's a great deal."
,Recommended,242920,9906138,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Tbone9921,"I can't stress how important it is to keep some damn firewood, food, clothes, wood, and tools. Never forget to keep your livestock healthy. Never forget to harvest ALL the crops. You must prepare.. Every building is warm, every fire kept strong, every person remain happy. Winter is coming."
76561198008259826,Recommended,242920,9318899,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,TheDog,this is the builder i've been wanting. combat would be nice but this game is amazing as is. PVE style builder that will blow sim city out of the water. recommend this to anybody.
,Recommended,242920,10799335,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Googleymen,"Everyone one of them died. The first elder passed on, and everyone got so depressed that noone made any babies. This is one of those games where you yell at the screen ""HAVE SEX ALREADY""."
,Recommended,242920,10802968,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jewbacca's Beard,"A nice, if somewhat relaxing take on a ye olde times city builder."
76561198098493662,Recommended,242920,9578829,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,deadeyerising,"i love this game, but the fire problem needs fixed. other than that, i love it."
76561198077641434,Recommended,242920,10988613,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Fedor[Enlightend],"i really really like this game, ive always had a thing for games like it, but theres something different abt this one, u might be turned off due to lack of enemies or w/e but trust me, that doesnt mean its not hard as hell to keep your population alive. lol.research the game if you wish, but i recomend it, hands down."
,Recommended,242920,11041409,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BRAWNDO,"i recomend it highly. but personally i wish i could love it. it is well made. looks nice (dont judge the super zoom in too hard. its a city builder) and really is very fun. but it is hard. i made a well designed very good town. but then my people just got old. and everyone died. no idea why they call it zen like. its not. you cant stop building. because these SOB's just wont screw in mom and dads house. they want a fancy new house. maybe they will ""fix"" that. but till then i am too stupid to win. still fun."
,Recommended,242920,10949476,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Zoncky,A+++++++++++++++++++++++++ Would buy again
,Recommended,242920,10949636,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,calGTM,"At the time of writing, I've played 8 hours, and so far, it's pretty damn good.I picked up the game in a flash sale, being very wary of whether it'd actually be good or not, and I can safely say, money well spent.  I'd even go to say it'd be well spent at full price.  The game's graphics are done excellently, with their only slight fault being when zoomed in fully (at which point they're still better than most 'city' builders).  So far I've only played the game on it's easiest difficulty, and so I can't say how well the game plays on harder settings, however I hope to move up soon, as I've pretty much mastered the game at the moment.How does the game function as a 'city' builder?  It doesn't, but it is a good village or small-ish town sim.  The main challenge is to stay alive, being able to produce food and firewood before it's too late.  My main problem with my first 3 attempts (which lasted 30 mins maximum) was that I was running before I could walk.  I tried to get more houses so that I could produce more, but this in turn meant I needed to produce even more, but it's easy to find your mistakes.After you finally have a 'town' that won't trip over after it's just left the front door, you're free to expand at your own will.  You could stay as a town with only 30 inhabitants building up a stockpile, however eventually the town will become too productive.  And I don't mean with resources.  From time to time you'll accidentally♥♥♥♥♥♥something up and about 10-20 people will die, rapidly and without warning, but if you play your cards right, you'll recover pretty quickly.Only problem?  Once you have sovled your seemingly unsolvable but then easily solvable crisis, you can build exciting buildings such as the town hall (which seeminly just produces graphs, because why not), or a brewery.  There's little to expand to after you've mastered your town, except pencil pushing, booze and possibly religion (in my case as overlord govenor, there is no such thing as religion, unless there's and option to add satanism simply for a laugh, which I haven't found so far).TL;DR:  Solid game, 8/10, play it at maximum speed for a challenge and only pause if you've really cocked it up.  Buy it, it's made by one guy."
,Recommended,242920,9508967,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Cactus,"Awesome sim city like game that is focused about survival. Playing on ""Hard"" mode has a brutal learning curve that is excellent for ""hardcore"" players. Expect to fail your first couple of towns but once you get the hang of it, you will be expanding in no time!"
76561198091899849,Recommended,242920,9580398,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,CharlieMongoose,"Absolutely pleasant city builder here. Quite serene and logical, really makes you plan ahead considerably. While people may cry out for COMBAT! and other big-budget additions, I believe they are missing the point. This game is challenging enough without having to fend off barbarians. It showcases that nature truly is your worst evemy. Thriving school full of children? How nice! HADOOKEN! Tornado. There goes the brightest of your next generation. Beautiful little urban center around the market? Nah, sprinkle some of this inferno on there just to show him he needs to build more wells. The game rules. If I havn't convinced anyone yet, let me highlight a BIG reason I like this game: it makes me root for screw up $@(! to happen. Examples: You know,  I did pay attention, and you guys are first cousins, but we really need you to reproduce so please move in together and have a baby. Then marry them to your other first cousins kid. Or my other favorite? 68 year old widow living in a house? DIE ALREADY, people need to bang and make more people! Go move into the boarding house I made for people like you. How about this one? Ever root for some good farm animal on farm animal action? When my people are on the verge of starvation I am rooting for the chickens and cows to get nasty so my peeps can eat their peeps. (get it?) Love the game, incredible achievement for a 1 man dev, keep up the great work."
76561198037683377,Recommended,242920,9209931,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Mmgala Mufufu,"I whole heartedly recommend this if you like, a nice slow paced relaxing game, with lots of pain and suffering, when all your people starts to die from falling rocks or logs, or perhaps starvation and cold.. Or one of many diseases or fires."
,Recommended,242920,9187732,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Smiggie Balls,"Pure Bliss, thats the simplest defenition of the game I have been waiting for, tons of fun and the learning curve isnt even a steep one! Use the tutorials and you'll be on your way to building a civilization in no time. Lots of chalenege and its without a zombie knawing on your arm, or a band of angry and blood thirsty warriors coming through the mountains to murder you and your villagers, no thiefs trying to steal from the grannery, well you get the point. Its purely a city builder with enviromental challenges and it requires some thought to even make it 10 in-game years. But as I digress i'd recomend this game to anyone who's been let down with the genre lately, or anyone who wants a good taste of the genre, well worth the money as compared to all the ""Early Access"" crud floating around lately.- Rimrald"
,Recommended,242920,9183477,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Majestic Pete,This game
76561198030926466,Recommended,242920,9183927,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Morbid Slayer,"Very nice strategy game. Although at the start you might think this game doesn't have a lot of buildings and mechanics compared to other city builders/strategy games, the way you need to utilize them in the right way and the difficulty to keep your settlement alive gives this game enormous depth. I really hope this game will be expanded with extra content though. Anyway the groundwork is there, and it's awesome."
76561198014804747,Recommended,242920,9176181,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,DatIzzy,"While it initially seemed to me to be a pretty basic town building sim, I soon learned that it had more depth and complexity than what I had assumed. My first few starts were doomed, having underestimated the town's needs and overestimated production. Careful resource management is required, and building placement should be carefully considered. The game shirks a single-resource economy, going so far as to do away with money altogether. Buildings are made via a few different resources (logs, stone, and iron), but to survive you'll need food (of which a balanced diet is needed, or else there'll be health problems), housing (for warmth, comfort, and expansion of your population), clothing (for the Winter), and most likely trade (items are sold and bought using a value of ""units,"" so there's a regulated value of all items).While there is more to the game, I'd rather not chat your ear off any further. Long story short, I've played a few hours and enjoyed it, and am about to put in a few more before I turn in for the night. I whole-heartedly recommend this game to those interesting in city building sims."
76561197996268104,Recommended,242920,9215294,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Surv0,"Awesome sandbox city builder. The depth is a bit lacking, but the difficulty in finding a balance and growing a town is where it becomes addictive to play.Banished is a nice polished released as well."
,Recommended,242920,9229006,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Creamed Corn,"Great casual city builder. Simple fast to learn micromanagement, there are lots of numbers but it is definitely not overwhelming. People may complain about the food management being difficult, but after my third city I got a good grip on how to build a successful city with enough food. There is a learning curve obviously but it is by no means steep. It's a good game to either sink many hours into at once, or to return to play for 20 minutes or so when you have time. I would definitely recommend this to people interested in city builders / micromanagement games."
76561198046669950,Recommended,242920,9205217,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Privilege Checker,"Fantastic game, easy to get into if you enjoy city-builders and yet has enough depth to keep to keep you playing for long amounts of time.Would I recommend this do someone who has never played a city-building game before?Yes! It has a fantastic tutorial that is short, sweet, and to the point.Good luck, happy building!#420PraiseIt"
,Recommended,242920,9222486,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Admiralhalk,"The Game, Banished created by Shining Rock Software LLC, to me brings out a game that reminds me of Age Of Empires but without the combat. The game is very sandbox like but in order to build you must have the resorces to do so. In my opion food is the most essentual resource out of them all. If you like games that present a chalenge but will provide hours of stratigic gameplay this game is for you."
76561198030750929,Recommended,242920,9237499,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kahnqueror,"Tons of fun. I was initially a bit hesitent to get the game after seeing some reviewers going off about how difficult/impossible the game is, but I'm so glad I bought it. It's not as difficult/impossible as some reviewers would have you believe, especially if you do a little basic strategy research beforehand. With that, my FIRST town reached a population of ~450 before finally collapsing due to mistakes on my part (a massive food distribution problem during a famine). I've started over from scratch and I expect my next town to be even bigger and better now that I understand the game mechanics better this time around. Yes, the game can be difficult and has a bit of a learning curve, but that doesn't make it as difficult/impossible as a lot of disgruntled reviewers would have you believe. (Tip: Stick to hunting/gathering/fishing early on! Only start planting crops for farming when you have a stable food supply and a surplus of food and labor! This is almost all you need to know to get off to a good start!) If you like city-builders and you have the small amount of patience required to learn how to play the game properly, you will love it and wonder what happened to your weekend.My only criticism so far is that I would like to see some more features eventually - for example, a way to slightly alter terrain. We don't need to have the ability to move mountains, but it's annoying when you can't put down a 15x15 crop field because ONE tile inside the area is too ""uneven."" Also, ridges that are too uneven to build roads over and too shallow to build tunnels through, yet that people are able to walk over, are annoying. It would also be fun to eventually see some new crops, livestock, jobs, resources, etc. The game is already a blast, but also has a LOT of potential."
,Recommended,242920,9175952,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,monkeywithafez (de Ruyter),"This is a great game that is a perfect blend of Dwarf Fortress, Sim City, and Tropico. I reccomend it to any fan of city builders, strategy games, and survival games. It presents tough challenges that you must take risks to overcome from lack of lumber to starvation of your tribe. It is able to stand on it's own through a sea of ""survival games"" full of generic zombies and bandits. I respect the fact that it doesn't need any form of combat or multiplayer to hold it's own. I hope to play even more hours and see what else Banished has in store!"
,Recommended,242920,9238981,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Noob Noob,"Well polished, tutorials are very helpfull, would recommend 10/10"
76561197993528201,Recommended,242920,9182425,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Docco,"This game is a masterpiece.  It may appear simple at first glance, but that is a deception.  The music is relaxing, and the graphics are surprisingly decent for a one-man development team.  The largest map size blows SimCity out of the water.  More importantly, each town's history can easily  become a rich and unforgettable story of struggle, triumph, and even horror.My first attempt at city-building reminded me of something out of Kentucky where, after a particularly harsh winter, all but 2 old men and a little girl had died of starvation.  I  literally cheered when the little girl hit the magical age of consent (10), married her old neighbor, and started popping out new laborers.. er kids.  And then the incest really began.In my second attempt, I watched helplessly as a tornado ravaged my little citizens, tearing down trees and houses alike.  Within a year, the surviors had successfully rebuilt most of their little paradise only for a  second tornado to wipe out all but a brother and sister.  Not even incest could save them.Someday, I will have a glorious tale to tell of a village that evolved into a sprawling landscape of commerce and booze... a land where brother and sister need not contemplate the survival of their people through sinister acts... For a mere $20, you can too."
,Recommended,242920,9206085,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Coltin,Great game. I'd love to see more done with it.
,Recommended,242920,9201928,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,ActionCactus,"Really, really fun.  Brings me back to the days I was playing Anno and Simcity.  I'm thoroughly impressed a lone developer pulled this off.  It's got its quirks, yeah, but that doesn't matter when you've got countless hours of potential in the construction of your new, functioning town.8 hours in the first day for me; you know that's a good sign."
,Recommended,242920,9202321,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Pyotr Nikolaj Semenov,"My first 3 civs starved to death. My fourth had enough food to support themselves, and even survived a tornado and a city fire. when I reached 40 citiziens I  realized there was a ""old age wave"" and not enough youths to survive because I hadn't built enough houses for the new families. I went down to 8 adults and I started rising once again, I managed to build a bunch of houses before this happened and my families started to grow and expand again. When I had reclaimed half of my old population: nomads came and settled in my city. We'll see how this will go...I'd recommend this to everyone who likes city builders but also enjoys the survival oriented aspect.Buy!"
,Recommended,242920,9179801,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Alchemist,Excellent. Hard to believe this was made by one person. A cross between Sim City and Dwarf Fortress - you'll have to restart a few times (sudden Autumn snowfalls can really scrow over your farmers...) but it's worth it.
,Recommended,242920,9201864,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Tarran,"This is a very good no-frills village sim. There are no battles against rival villages, no orcs, and definitely no zombies. Instead you will face devastating population loss from starvation, diseases, typhoons, and plain ol' freezing to death. Your town will grow and ebb with the seasons, and the challenge is in keeping everyone alive."
76561198080553323,Recommended,242920,11016406,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TurboCass,"I consider myself relatively new to city builders, so I guess I have an objective view of the genre... That being said, there was something seemed very interesting about Banished. The visuals looked nice, and it looked easy enough. I had seen a not-so-serious YouTube series on it, and decided I wanted to give it a try.Once you start playing, it instantly draws you in. It is simple to pick up, and at first, it seems laughably so: ""No currency? No levels to limit your building availability? This should be easy... I'll get every building, then there will be nothing left to do."" If you are thinking this (and I have to admit I did have a bit of doubt, even after seeing gameplay), I can tell you that you are completely and utterly wrong. Keeping your citizens happy, healthy, and far away from starving or freezing to death requires careful management and planning ahead. Since there is no currency, resources are bartered in the trading system. Being able to determine what you can feasibly trade away takes a keen eye and the ablilty to think ahead. Every action has a consequence. At best, it can help grow your population; at worse, it can leave them out to starve, freeze, or die by some other means. This is not a game where you can afk for 20 minutes...If you were able to successfully keep your citizens sort of fed, housed, and, well, alive, you may eventually find that your town is home to every building available (at least at the moment). Don't fret! You will soon find that you have developed the insatiable urge to keep building and growing your population. There is always the feeling that there is something to do, whether it's build more homes to help increase your population, or build more resource collectors to keep your current population better supplied. Basically, it is quite addicting, especially if it's your goal to try to see how far your town can expand or how large the population can get.The fundamentals aside, the game is beautiful. Textures are detailed and bright, but not muddy nor unrealistic. The towns feel genuine and alive. The bustling little villages are filled with chatter, animals making noises, and tools pounding (albeit being close to a quarry at 10x speed can be a little annoying after a while). Whatever sounds begin to wear on you, though, are made up for by the peaceful acoustic soundtrack which fits the theme perfectly. The UI is simple, easy to read, yet provides plenty of information. That information is greatly expanded once you get a town hall built, where you can see graphs and stats throughout the history of the town, which is always interesting. It runs smoothly, though slower when the speed is increased to 5x and 10x, which is understandable (I usually play on 5x and find it fine).Overall, it is a decievingly simple game, with pleasant visuals, and an overall peaceful atmosphere (which can change very fast). I was at first hesitant to buy it at $20, and I did end up getting it on sale for $10, though after playing it, I would now not hesitate to buy it at full price."
76561198021919602,Recommended,242920,11973957,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Madplato,"So, so good. So, so underwhelming.That what best describe my feeling about Banished. It's an excellent game, but it falls short of it's own potential and just leaves you wondering ""why?"". It came so close to be the perfect replacement for Dwarf Fortress. It should've been the chosen one.Basically, what you get is a pretty well done and beautiful ""medieval"" city builder. You'll find yourself looking at your growing hamlet with pride, I guarantee. It's just beautiful. Mechanically wise, there's a reasonable amount of options available to build a self-sustained colony with your personal touch; plenty of planning too. You can manage your resources and labor efficiently with well designed interfaces. Banished isn't forgiving, even on medium difficulties. Your first settlements probably won't last long, but it's part of the fun.However, it could be ten times what it is now. It's so damn close to striking a balance between the overly complex and totally ugly Dwarf Fortress and the more shallow but beautiful city builders, I feel almost angry thinking about it. Firstly, it's near perfectly polished, meaning the small issues will be a rock in your boot. For example, why can't stockpiles be dedicated to certain products to maximize production ? Why can't I manage citizens do's/don't's ? Why can't barns or stockpile be divided in absolute values ?Secondly, higher tiers are lacking. The first ten hours more ore less sum up a the game. It only gets bigger from there. I would've loved a or second tier building (castles, manors, workshop's) growing classes with different needs or second tier resources (gems, precious metals, art and crafts) leading to new levels of productions. Why isn't this in there ?As it stands, the game feel like an extremely well made but unfinished product. While I recommend it, it infuriating how close it was to being legendary.8/10"
,Recommended,242920,11426898,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,HellfireEire,You are the god of a small town where all of the people are constantly hungry and/or cold and need houses. You get great satifaction when you manage to keep them alive but also satisfaction when they do the world a favour and die. Amazing time sink with crazy replayability.
76561197980503481,Recommended,242920,11466994,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Dt. Dixon Hill P.I.,"This has got to be one of the most hardcore builders I have ever had the pleasure of playing. It looks simple at first glance but brother let me tell you it is anything but. I have already seen so many of my thriving towns go straight down the toilet in less than a year due to some unforseen disaster or watched them spiral into a slow death of attrition and getting a town started is a challenge in and of itself in the first place. It really makes me appreciate how difficult life must have been for pioneers. I can't peel away from this game even when I have much ""flashier"" ones in my library. Kudos to the developer and I can't wait for mods to open up on this bad boy. Highly recommended!"
76561198025791073,Recommended,242920,11692973,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,capt_blondbeard,"This is the start of a great game - I hope it's developed furtherThe good:Its nice to see a city builder game without any ""fighting"" aspects to itThe mechanics are pretty good - intuitive UI, no apparent bugsIt's immersive - you can lose track of time pretty easilyThe bad:There's not much ""bad"" per se, they just need to add more to it. The following are suggestions to the creatorsTerrain - It's pretty repetative with the same types of trees, hills, rivers, and lakes. How about adding some ocean front? Or slightly different climate types? Swamps? Different resources on different terrain typesBuildings - Every building in the game is available right from the start. Since research doesn't seem to be on the menu, why not trade for ""plans"" of more advanced buildings, like you do with crop seeds and livestock. How about multi story housing to improve city density, or irrigation to improve crop production?Variety - Like the terrain, a lot of things can get a little repetitive. Why not have traders with wagons, or sailing ships, not just rowboats. Trade with different cultures? Or build boats/wagons and go out and trade for yourself! How about different appearance for bulding depending on culture (e.g. a ""asian"", or ""south american"" appearing buildings?"
76561198036059191,Recommended,242920,9585010,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,SteelPenguin93,"This game is the Sim City of the medevil period. Challenging at times, especially at the begining of a game and durring disasters that radomly plauge your town. It requires a lot of micro-managing and foreplaning. Only drawback is that once you reach a certian point there is nothing much else to do."
,Recommended,242920,9633929,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Emjay,A decent game at heart that is hugely complex and great fun to delve into. I would recommend getting this for anyone who likes city builder type games and are also impartial to the timeframe.Its worth noting that this is probably the hardest city building game you will play as you can quite easily go from a happy population to a massive decline and eventual ruin. You have to carefully add certain structures whislt maintaining food and fuel supplies or your population will starve/freeze. Eventually you will also need to balance clothing and tools or your villagers will simply become awfully inefficient which will have a knock on effect to food and fuel and eventually cause starvation and freezing!Its bloody difficult!My only concern with the game is that whilst its been an amazing feat for 1 person to create it he is not making the dev team any larger and updates are pretty much non-existant. I regret to say but I can't honestly see this game being finished within the next year or two. Its just moving at too slow a pace due to it being 1 bloke doing the work.Still its a little gem of a game if you can ignore that.
,Recommended,242920,9356483,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,FrostWrathbomber,Awesome game
,Recommended,242920,9609818,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,francesco,♥♥♥♥ you sim city!
76561198001255613,Recommended,242920,9201964,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Der Nachtmensch,"Ever played Stronghold? You'll find this is very similar in the best ways. Essentially you have to keep your town alive. Give them food, shelter, firewood, and clothes and expand when you can. It's a lot more intimate than any other citybuilder I've ever played. All your townfolk are known by name. They live one family per house. They have kids who grow up, get married, move into another house, and have their own kids. Your people are your most valuable resource. Without expanding your living quarters and as such your population, you will have nobody to work your farms or your forges. You can invest heavily into the future by building schools to educate your citizens' kids to be better workers, and keep them supplied with medicinal forest herbs to keep them alive longer. It's very rewarding to build a town of 200+ people when you only start from 10. You will run out of food, you will run out of fuel, and you will run out of storage space if you do everything else correctly. Tips: build orchards as soon as you can because they take 3 years to mature, before that the trees won't bear fruit. Don't build a trading post until 3 years in. Every winter you should reassign your farmers to other duties, like building. Don't build pastures until you have a trading dock ready and enough tradeable equipment to buy some animals. Don't bother with a stone quarry until much later. Never stop expanding: barring starvation build at least one new house per year. If you don't expand, even if you do everything else right you will lose people simply because there won't be enough children being born to keep up with people dying of old age."
76561198050550938,Recommended,242920,9374194,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Ziipper,"Game is a pretty good city/settlement simulator , hopeing they add more professions/ buildings though in there first major patch , possibly bigger and different map styles aswell."
76561198065524396,Recommended,242920,9859950,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,drall303,its a fun city village building game thats really puts you to the test this game had me hooked when i first saw some videos on youtube before the game came out i would highly recommend this game
,Recommended,242920,14617002,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Janitor2k,"Forgot to make firewood, entire village froze to death.Tried not to make to many houses because of limited food resources, the village people stoped making children. Everybody died of old age.Did not make a well near my village, 7 house's + a marketplace burnt downTook in nomads, the ate all by reserved food. Almost everybody died.10/10 would play again!"
76561198020485510,Recommended,242920,9398751,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Vid,Great little game.  Difficult enough to challenge but simple enough to engage.  Not a long life once you have mastered it but it easily stole enough hours from me to justify the cost.  I know it will be one I will come back to many times.
76561198019847404,Recommended,242920,19996008,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,randar,HIGHLY recomend this game!Only got it a few days ago 29 hours played very addictive.its a good surivial simicity vibe but better!super hard too! If you like building towns and trying to grow your village through hard work and planning (and some luck)then this is the game for you!Hope they make some DLC for it :)buy it try it you wont reget this purchase!!!
76561197981319745,Recommended,242920,21214155,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tom,Good game.
76561198038830309,Recommended,242920,21329956,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,slash10241989,70 out of 98 people working as either fisher/hunter/gatherer. Everyone dies of starvation.10/10
,Recommended,242920,30034877,Posted: 19 February,all,Gamle,Challenging for first timers.Nice game to pass time with.
,Recommended,242920,9289786,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,yuyunurse,i can't stop somebody help me
76561198011125141,Recommended,242920,11191484,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jemberry,Compelling strategic simupation with pleasant graphics and UI.
,Recommended,242920,9213470,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Trollmobile,"This is quite literally the perfect relaxation game.it's fun without being stressfullit's relaxing without being boringit's a game that you look at it and go ""but why aren't there any enemies, i bet i'm just gonna cruise through this and get bored""and then you reach your first winter, and go ""oh right""and then you think you've gotten to the end of the game, you've got a steady food-supply, you've built all the end-game buildings like churches and town hallsyou've got 70 workers and think ""what do i do now""and then your main food supply catches fire, and in the course of a year, half the population of your town dies of starvation.this game takes you by surprise, it challenges you and entertains you, and you will not regret for a second that you bought it."
,Recommended,242920,9352933,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,air pirate,I believe relaxing is the word I would use for this....until your settlers start starving to death... good fun.
76561197970995810,Recommended,242920,9287620,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Vectorsumio,"I've always been a fan of city-building sims.  This one has been a fantastic addition to my collection.  There are times it can get you frustrated but the payoff for finally filling out all the jobs and the ability to super-micro-manage makes this game a can't put it away.  63hrs into it, my wife even sits down behind me (WHICH NEVER HAPPENS) and watches and plays with.  Great game!"
76561197985166927,Recommended,242920,9185773,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Alex,Great game! A perfect mix between Settlers and Anno but without the dreadful combat mechanics!
76561198030739407,Recommended,242920,9400802,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,shaclad,"Considering the relatively simple game design, the gameplay is rich, intricate and complex.The absence of levels or challenges may appear like the game is lacking, but then you get lost in thoughtful micromanagement and you are grateful for the ability to freebuild endlessly.This game is a mixture of Tropico and The Settlers, a great mixture, and has potential to be so much more.  I strongly recommend this game if you are a fan of the genre, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,242920,9271715,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,JayTea,They're all dead. Every last one of them.. Ha. Ha.. HaaHAHAHAHA!
,Recommended,242920,9367757,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,SquidDNA,"This is one of those games where you build a thriving settlement out of nothing. Great setting, great engine. It seems like there's a lot of content and mechanics missing, but it's still in development."
76561198125372435,Recommended,242920,9384832,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,MoistFleshh,Very good game. I would highly reccomend this to anyone just looking for something simple and casual to play. Great for playing while watching a movie or tv.
,Recommended,242920,9350222,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Kaldra Champ,"So after a few (22 for now...) hours playing this game I feel I can leave a relatively fair review.Most of the hours I have played the game are all from one village, the other bits were from the ""how on Earth do I play this game"" period, as I only did the basic tutorial, and this was time well spent as it was very enjoyable learning the game the hard way and seeing what works and what doesn't work well.Onto the actual game I guess, no other way to say it apart from it is fantastic. Why is this game fantastic? Firstly the gameplay itself is challenging, over all the time I have had on the same world I haven't managed to get to 500 population as of yet, but I am sure that will come with time. For anyone who likes simcity-like games I would highly recommend giving this a try.Secondly, the minor details in the game are fantastic, the most notable example of this I have seen is when a group of nomads arrive in your village, they actuall walk across the map to the Town Hall and then mill around outside until they are granted citizenship or denied it. The other minor details include the villages actually performing relavent actions to the job they are doing, farmers with till the soil, fishermen will stand out on the pier and fish, crops and trees actually grow before your eyes, and these actions hold true for all the jobs.Third, the graphics are simply amazing, the water reflects (optionally) everything, every person and animal are all 3d models, as well as the buildings. While there is some repetition between certain aspects of buildings they are not glaringly obvious and do not ruin the immersion in the game.However not all is perfect in this game a handful minor bugs, which are to be expected when a game is new and even more so when developped by one person. For me personally there have only been 2 or 3 major issues where the game crashed, but the auto save feature can be set to save as often as 1 minute so there won't be any major losses in the event of a crash. To me these crashes don't hinder my game play experience due to the minor set backs that they can impose. I feel like these bugs won't be around too long either as the dev has already started a beta program for users to opt-in to test builds while the bugs are being ironed out, the first of which already addresses several of the crash issues that have been reported.As I said if you are a fan of simcity-like games definitely give this one a go. Even at 22 hours in I feel like the game has been worth my money and would recommend to others to give it a try,"
,Recommended,242920,9282499,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Sunla,Addictive as hell. Damn you for recommending it to me!
76561198008881035,Recommended,242920,9284507,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Dersu,Never had this much fun watching people starve and freeze to death.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,242920,9304627,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Gamge,i had a guy for 84 years and then he died along with 200 people from my village... R.I.P Tyrone
76561198035625807,Recommended,242920,9367425,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,scabiness,"Banished is one of those few games that are truly unique. It has taken the quite bloated survival genre and managed to blend it with city-building to create an experience that is not only original, but addictingly fun to play as well. One thing Banished does very well is immerse you in your village and create an emmotinal attatchment to your town. You feel a sense of loss when a town that you have been playing for several hours finally succumbs to disease, or hunger, or lack of resources, or accepting in too many of those damn gypsies roaming the countryside!Many players familiar with the Tropico series will know what I mean when I say that many city-builders suffer from loosing their difficulty as time progresses and your town becomes larger and more prosperous. What really sets Banished appart from other city-building games is that the difficulty scales over-time, but it does so in a way feels organic and natural to the game. For the few years or so (aprox 30 minutes of real-life time) or so your village might be constant under threat of hunger and freezing to death in the Winter. Once you manage to get that under control you realize you now need more workers, so you focus on building houses. Then you realize that your immidiate vicinity is running out of resources and you need to start the investment in a mine and quarry. Then you realize you are out of workers. So you accept more of the country-side roaming gypzies in. Then you realize you need food so you start farming. But then you realize you don't have seeds. Your village starts to die, but miracuously a trader comes by with seeds. You snatch them up and your village begins to come back to life. Then everyone gets smallpox and the house of cards comes out from under you."
76561198063712988,Recommended,242920,9483437,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Heftybaggs,fun but taxing
76561197984488007,Recommended,242920,9290691,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,GoOpz,"Game is so addicting. Not to mention, head to wall bashing, frustrating! haha, but it is so much fun and that upgrade from 50 to 100 citizens, always makes me smile ! haha i'd say play it, if u don't mind getting your time sucked into the abyss known as BANISHED."
76561198085411952,Recommended,242920,13201864,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Realistic Fishhead,"This game is very entertaining. It requires the use of thought and common sense and a guy with plenty of time to play.You need a the perfect balance of food, clothing, happiness, healthiness, and production of tools, and the gathering of resources like stone and logs for best results. If there is a lack of any of these, the village goes downhill at a speed which depends on what difficulty you're playing on, initially put. My village was at one time growing strong, unfortunately too fast. I built houses to accomodate my future citizens ahead of time not yet knowing that ones would die of old age. I lost too many too fast, and ran out of stone as well as iron from my house construction and then out of tools because i ran out of iron and then winter struck, and no more firewood. In the end i only had 30 adults left but we learn from our mistakes. Slow and steady wins the race, do not try to build rome in a day. Plus i should have paid more attention to my buildings because if i had i would have realised, 'hey nobody is working in here'. Yes, i was watching a movie while playing the game but if only i knew people died of old age. I liked this game and was very enjoyable."
76561198098114723,Recommended,242920,15664208,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Morty C-137,its good for $20 becuase most games only give u 6-10 hours of gamplay for $60 and this one if u get on workshop and download things it will last about 2-3 days or 1 month depends on what u like
,Recommended,242920,9590654,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Wabbajaki (´･ω･`),"Banished is a gem in the rough. Following little publicitly, it popped onto the Steam store in mid-February and enjoyed its time in the limelight of online streaming. Becoming known among many of those who know it as the game where your city dies in the winter, it seems to have enjoyed a good amount of success considering the scale of the release and the relatively unknown nature of the game.Banished shines in the way it's presented. It doesn't just give you problems to solve, it makes you the one who determines what the problems are. Making the decision to expand your city by constructing additional houses for new families to move into provides you with a larger workforce down the line, allowing you to mine crucial resources or complete construction projects faster. But it also emburdens your settlement with the requirement to feed more mouths. And when that mouth is a child's, it won't be paying you back in the form of useful labor for years to come.Hence your town dying in the winter.You learn Banished through a series of catastrophic mistakes. A multi-tier tutorial can help you along in understanding the purpose of Banished's different structures, villager professions, and so on, but to its benefit I didn't find that I needed it beyond the first lesson or two. The real learning occurs when the urban center of your treasured town burns down in a fire that makes the Great Fire of London seem trivial. You learn quickly in Banished because it -hurts- to lose what you've worked up to. When something goes wrong despite all your plans and analysis, after some initial baffelement or frustration, the question always arises: why, and how can I fix it?Like any any unpolished gem, Banished is not without its imperfections. Your prime resources - your town's settlers - offer little in the way of communication other than letting you know when they're starving to death or lacking tools. I struggled to understand why buildings weren't being constructed when I had sufficient builders and resources available, only to realize that I just didn't have stockpiles of the materials needed close enough to move the process along. Thankfully, one of the greatest tools in Banished's aresenal is the priority tool, a function letting you paint areas of the map to designate to your settlers what needs to be done the most. This expedites whatever you want done satisfyingly, and fixes a lot of Banished's occassional lack of feedback.That said, I've had multiple towns ruined multiple times by aforementioned flash fires. Despite having water-dispersing wells placed throughout my city, the majority of it continued to completely burn down whenever a fire broke out. Eventually, and much to my gamer shame, I turned the ""disasters"" feature off because I just couldn't get the occassional doomsday fire to stop.But these complaints are secondary to the great game that Banished is. If you're craving a city sim and aren't satisfied by Anno or Sim City, this is the title for you. The graphics are humble but well-executed, the atmosphere convincing, and the sandbox nature that makes each town different from the last promising many hours of play. There's real depth here, and the long term hope is that Shining Rock understands there's room to expand upon it."
,Recommended,242920,20238794,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sai The Hero,"Great game, good time sink.  This game can be as relaxing as you want it to be or as frustrating as can be all in one.  Definitely set a new standard for city builder games."
,Recommended,242920,16585675,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NighthawkBNE,"A fun little city builder.  What they all should be, simple to learn, diabolical to get just right.  Usual challenges of resources, vs population etc.  It's pretty but not stunning but for the price who can argue?   Also, great little download, only a few hundred MB wow.Instantly one of the most fun city builders I've played since Ceasar III and that was a while ago now.If you love simple city builders that don't have 100 menu's with 1000 variables then this is for you.  You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,242920,9875602,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Pyridine,This game is so damn good.
,Recommended,242920,13817548,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,uponlevels 😏,"From what I've played so far, this is a great game! Well worth the purchase!"
,Recommended,242920,11410529,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Raediance,"If you like resource gathering, micro management, and city building this is for you! Make sure you have adept and quick thinking problem solving skills. I find rises escelate really quickly. You'll be really tempted to play in the fastest speed, but thats how things just kinda snowball. Expand slowly and micromanage and honestly you'll just have fun sprawling over the map!The music is great and the graphics are good enough for me, not sure what else to expect from them tbh."
76561198019971403,Recommended,242920,11456661,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Rare Metal Oppaplier,"Outright this game is very enjoyable.  That said, after 10-20 hours of playing and generally figuring things out you'll start to feel an itch.This game does the fundamentals very well, but after getting to know it the ""itch"" becomes things it could do better or expand on.  You start wanting more things to build, more oddities that can occur, etc..  You start thinking ""boy I wish there were more occupational buildings I could make!"" and ""I wish I could do something with this lake...it's just there taking up a ton of space"".  On the other hand, you start encountering little gripes like ""Why are my villagers so damn dumb?  Use the roads I built you fools!"" or ""Why are workers carrying stuff to the storages on the opposite end of the map when there none of the others are full?""  However, this is a great problem to have in general as it gives some indication of direction for later efforts (both by community and dev).Very recommended for people like me who can spend an entire weekend day playing and even for those with busy daily lives who may not be able to dedicate more than maybe an hour in a sitting.  The really hard part for both types of players is prying yourself away from it to do things that are necessary...like eating and sleeping."
,Recommended,242920,9207479,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Scampie!!,"It's a fun SimCity type game with lots of resource management. Something you absolutely get sucked into and end up playing for hours longer than you intend. Be sure to do the tutorial before diving in, there are a number of gotchas that could trip you up in your first city without them explained."
,Recommended,242920,13655603,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DogGirlKari,"A game that requires careful planning. If you build the wrong thing right off the bat, you are screwed. Build too many houses, no one reproduces, you are screwed. Don't harvest enough food for the first winter, guess what dude, you are screwed.Careful planning and managment is key. You will fail, a lot. However with each failure you learn, and you can recover from mistakes with a lot of perseverence and work."
76561198083675573,Recommended,242920,13613831,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,cymru_klps,"Extremely entertaining. Hours of fun in watching a just-stable-enough town starve itself over and over again as it breeds like rabbits to try and fill the empty houses left by its sad, disappointed predecessors. Particularly fond of the fact that the town teacher will inevitably by a 13-year-old girl, who will be replaced by another 13-year-old girl when the first one freezes to death because I am poor at both forestry and town planning. Enjoyed watching a tornado slowly, slowly creep its way across the map, completely avoiding my fairly large town and slowly working itself away to nothing after having done no damage. Did not enjoy the constant tinkly bloop of the notification noise as it took me... much too long to figure out how to turn it off. I had to fight off the creeping madness that noise caused. This is what their deaths were for. A cruel necessity to assuage the omnipresent NOISE. A sacrifice to the NOISE. ALL HAIL THE NOISE. ALL HAIL THE NOISE."
,Recommended,242920,11434220,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,fatttty,Banished is so freaking theraputic to play. It's SimTown stuck in 17th Century (or something like that). 3 additional comments which may or may not have been fixed with latest patches.Comment: I got bored playing this because I ran out of land!Solution: Larger and customizable maps.Comment: I got bored because I had to do the same thing every year.Solution: Ability to predetermine villager actions based upon time of the year.Comment: It moves too slowly especially when attempting to accumulate inventory.Solution: Increase game play options.Don't get me wrong. I recommend you pick up your pitch fork and become a farmer on Banished until the day you realize there isn't anything else you can do here in this village..
,Recommended,242920,10964390,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tactical Fleshlight,"""Banished"" is a sick, twisted game. You play as a town of exiles who must work together to survive harsh winters, famine, and natural disaster. While the premise sounds simple, the game throws a lot of really complex mechanics at you from the get-go.The gameplay takes the Simulation genre to the next level. It's realistic enough that you must wait as the children in your town grow to working age, or until your orchards begin to yield crop. Unlike other simulation games, ""Banished"" also takes a very personal approach, going as far as to name each and every townsperson--and tell you when they die.Each map is randomly seeded, so you must constantly adapt to the environment. For example, if there are no nearby animals to pasture, it is hard to collect wool for clothing. As a result, you might want to rely more on firewood early on. The key is always to go slow, but steady! Expanding too quickly will burn out your resources, but going too slowly is a death sentence when you run out of tools or have no access to medicine a few years in....There's really a lot to say about this game and not enough space to say it. The art style is perfect, the UI is minimal, gameplay is balanced. Get this game if you're into simulations. It's a true masterpiece. Not much for fans of action gaming, but it might be worth a try."
,Recommended,242920,9562851,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,"Good option for old-school RTS player. Every single building and creation within your village has to be carefully counted before acted. Only problem is that is pretty hard to get more villagers, they are some hard-knock bstards as well, always complaining about how hungry they are, but when you build a fishing dock they just don't appear to be working. Its fcked up to maintain a good food level since villagers consume a loot of bloody food and it seems impossible(in the starting moments) to restock.Its took me some time & patience to get some tricks of the game, after that my village went pretty fine if you ask me."
,Recommended,242920,12820033,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,[ECHO4423],A pretty fun sim that lets you focus on building a town from nothing.
76561198034709333,Recommended,242920,11952604,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Jayko-Mayko,We all froze to death from starvation.
,Recommended,242920,13622765,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JacobD88,"One of the most fantastically detailed Medieval City Builders ever created!From managing food and clothes to gathering resources and trade with other nations this Sim has it all.You'll find yourself fearing every winter as the cold and lack of food kills off your populace ruthlessly, key members of your village die with little or no warning and you find yourself constantly micro managing the population and workers to combat the harsh effects of the world in which they live.9/10!"
,Recommended,242920,13794077,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,WIZARD OF RAP,"Install the Colonial Charter mod through the Workshop and this becomes the best city-builder since Sim City 4.If you're finding it too easy shoot for 500+ population, at which point things get more complex than just keeping your stockpiles high."
,Recommended,242920,9462389,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Hazard Reborn,"Incredibly addicting, one of the better tycoon type games I’ve played."
,Recommended,242920,9210220,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Geischfelt96,YES!  GROW CEMETERY GROW.   MUAHAHAHAHAHA!
,Recommended,242920,9267239,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,LNT.战争女神,I have found a SimCity replacement! Oh yes!
,Recommended,242920,22656304,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Zerrok,This is so much better than Sim City.Game is constantly challenging (unless you load Workshop mods to make it easier).if you don't balance all the strings of resource managment or preemptive construction people will die!
98678757657653217,Recommended,242920,19643849,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Fascist Canuck,My outbreak of a plague got countered by starvation.
76561198128506170,Recommended,242920,22878749,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,a sideways mob,"it's a really well done game, but it feels like the learning curve is a little low. also, feels as is half a game that could be fleshed out yet again with something to achieve. some good mod work has gone into it and it is a fun time period to build upon."
,Recommended,242920,15779193,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Edd,"Imagine a cross between Sim City and Age of Empires, and you’ll roughly have thought of Banished. It’s a fantastic game which focuses on the survival of a group of nomads who have been exiled from their original villages, and you are tasked with helping them build a city of their own. It doesn’t have a defined time period, but it’s set in a “ye olde” time rather than in a more current or futuristic setting.Read More at VG Almanac"
76561198087857291,Recommended,242920,9405018,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,PimpinPiper,"Solid game, easy to screw up if you're not on the ball... or you forget that fast forward is on!"
,Recommended,242920,21748032,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,The|Winningteam Pr0,Banished is truth.
,Recommended,242920,10322571,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Centrelink - twitch.tv/ecentau,"A solid city builder with intelligent mechanics... Well worth the $20 to the developer. Instead of focusing on military expansion, which is prevalent in this genre. This game focuses on town management. I have ruined my game a number of times by getting ""too big for my boots"", so to speak. You have to really think about every placement you add. Every excess building can really bite your colony in the behind if not placed strategically. The city has a large array of buildings that you will at one stage probably possess them all.. Only to have your colony wiped out by disaster or mismanagement, sickness or climate. The game has a steep learning curve for the first time user, once the basics are learnt it is an addictive addition to your steam library."
,Recommended,242920,9179644,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,BadSniper,"This is the most masterful city builder game I have played in the longest time. This far exceeds the standard of games developed by first party developers, especially considering it was made by one person.If you're at all intrested in city building, strategy and survival games, this is certainly worth picking up."
,Recommended,242920,22522647,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,.noxxy,very fun game with plenty of mods to keep things interesting and challenging.
76561198004685758,Recommended,242920,24403503,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DeaDBangeR [NL],"TLDR: Banished is tough and addictive for a city building game. Every problem you solve for your town creates another problem. Eventually you hit endgame and you get bored. I give Banished an 8/10.Banished is one of the tougher city building games i have played. During the first few playthroughs the people in your town will either die of starvation or the cold from a blizzard. This happens because you aren't quick enough and focus on the wrong things to build first. There is no tech tree, meaning all buildings are available at the start of your game. All you need to do is build them in the right order due to the needs of your population. The AI in this game (the behavior of the villagers) does not always do what you want them to do. A villager that lives alone can stockpile his house with tons of food while the family of 6 people next door are starving because there is nothing left. You can't control them in any way other than giving them professions.Banished has no goal other than to create a self sufficient town/city. To reach this point however will take allot of time. As soon as you learned the ropes of this game and know how to counter most problems, you will notice that solving one problem creates another. For instance:Every ingame year you notice a shortage of food because people are starving so you need more farms for vegetables, pastures for raising lifestock or fishing docks for catching fish. Now that the food situation is stable you notice that all the new facilities you created required all your free workers, meaning that if you want to build something else there won't be anyone available to work at it to keep it running. To counter this you need to build houses. You need wood and stone to build houses so you send your two available workers to mine some stone and cut some wood. Next thing you know, the new houses are built and are filled with people and resources (Food and Firewood). But it looks like not all of the new houses are fully filled with firewood. Next project: create more woodcutters so your people won't freeze to death during the winter. But that has left us with another problem. There is not enough wood and the nearby forest is all but depleted of trees. So now we need to fix that by planting more trees and cutting them. But wait, we don't have enough people to work so more wood can be generated. So that means we need more houses, after that we need food, clothing, firewood etc.Eventually you will find a way to have a perfect income of every resource. Wich means you could leave your computer for work and return to your town still alive and thriving. That also means that you cannot build anything new without interupting this beautiful balance you have created.If you are into city building games and love a challenge i suggest buying this game. You will have to start multiple sessions of this game because you WILL lose your first few towns due to starvation, blizzards or natural disasters."
76561198017233887,Recommended,242920,19353989,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[Potato] KANSEI DORIFTO!!??,"This game is kinda reminds me of Stronghold. Just started off, but the tutorial is kind of overwhelming, you'd probably only get the hang of the game AFTER playing the actual playthrough. So far I love it, it's been the kind of game I've been waiting for in ages. It's like Age of Empires with SimCity in one nice combination. So far, very happy."
,Recommended,242920,9285510,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Souflyte,very fun game
76561198130829074,Recommended,242920,21130214,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Piisamirotta,"A twist in the city building genre, I think it is unique. The graphics are nice, the idea is good, but the amount of micromanagement really gets to you. A good 50% of the game is managing the jobs window. 4 farmers, 2 labourers... you have to assign everyone to do everything you need. It just gets kind of boring. Is the game hard? Very. Give it a go if you wanna test your skills in micromanaging. Wanna build a sprawling medieval metropolis? Nope, wrong game."
76561198013037109,Recommended,242920,10639836,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gyroe,"A Very challenging Civ game, would recommend to those that enjoy building towns and having to manage resources."
,Recommended,242920,10888833,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,relish,"This game is genius! It's beautiful, simple yet complicated, and most importantly it's fun! Although I hated having my peeps die all the time from starvation, and having to restart 4 times, I still found myself drawn to this incredible game-which by the way, was made by one person. This game was and still is super difficult but it seems so simple! It's so frustrating it's addicting.My two problem are the repetitive soundtrack, sure it's a great soundtrack, but some songs just play too often, and the fact that it rains too gosh dang often. Besides that, it's a really well-rounded, solid game."
,Recommended,242920,21092263,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jaron,Banished = Yes
76561198008582160,Recommended,242920,21153179,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,TheMetalfreak360,"A fantastic little game, I have spent so many hours in it, and I didn't expect to do it either, given the fact that building games like City Skylines are out there, there is something about the feeling when playing this game that makes it special in so many ways.It is kinda like ""Oh I play Anno 2070, but 1404 is so much better"". mostly because of the music, and the esthetic.I recommend this with all my heart."
76561198052208472,Recommended,242920,19841533,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,InvaderIMD,"This game is fun.....But...You start a world with a hand-full of people, Homes and eather Cow's, chickens or sheepthat sounds good. so you start building food, fire wood, ect....And Die...Well no...I for one keep running out of buildable space. its fine with certain mods...but.The ability for your people to desrtoy a large hill would make the game(in the late game) a lot more from ""We are weak little humans trying to survive""(the early stage of the game(in Hard)) to We are Industrious Humans with with the ability to Desrtoy a planiet!0. Playes verry 1 dimensional1. You build stuff2. HOPE people F**k each outher to make babbies3. build more stuff for the babbies4. HOPE the Babbies F**k to make Babbies'sOnly one thing that made me annoyed about playing the game the people dont tell you WHY thay are sick.my problem was thay where only eating Fish no outher food."
,Recommended,242920,19775595,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Dookie Shoes,"I have put way tooo many hours into this game. I explore a new place everytime i play, just to mix things up. Flat seed maps are the best in my opinion, especially with all the mods out there now, easiest to organize roads/paths, houses and buildings.solid game!"
,Recommended,242920,19779056,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mirrorlord,"Banished in one word : Amazing! This is the best city-building simulation game I have played in years. I started out as a Strategy gamer and am still one. It's my favorite genre and in that City Buildings games hold an extremely special place since I grew up playing Age of Empires II, Caesar III, Pharaoh, Zeus + Poseidon expansion and so on. But sadly after 2006 or so the quality of city building games (even RTS in general) dropped. I kind of gave up on it and eventually forgot the urge to build a city :(. Then Banished comes along in 2014 and seeing the review on Steam I bought it. Played for a few hours - people starved, game was slow, etc and left it.Come 2015 and suddenly I see a ""Let's Play Banished"" video from Honeywell on youtube. Got hooked on it. I couldn't believe I didn't play such an amazing game for more 1.5 years after buying it. The video and the various helpful online tips/tricks/tutorials helped me get through the hardest first part of the game and get settled in. Now I am ADDICTED!!!So will you be if you give this game a chance. The starting of this game is the toughest and most quitting period - so slog on. It gets super fun after that."
,Recommended,242920,19786468,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Telttavaras,"Very punishing and addicting game. Some micromanaging, but so rewarding at the same time. I've played for hours trying to get my people to survive and it's lots of fun."
76561198080936059,Recommended,242920,19720681,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,GORK,"There's no phone, no lights, no motorcarNot a single luxuryLike Robinson CrusoeIt's as primitive as can beWe been spending most our livesLiving in an Amish paradiseWe're just plain and simple guysLiving in an Amish paradiseThere's no time for sin and viceLiving in an Amish paradiseWe don't fight, we all play niceLiving in an Amish paradiseWhy haven't you bought this game yet?"
,Recommended,242920,9200063,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Haiiro Okami,"I don't love many things. I love Lindsey Stirling. I love Chips Ahoy and a glass of milk. I love Sunkist. I love Doritos. And I love Banished.I'm starting to understand why I am divorced....Now for real.This game has its fair number of challenges, especially starting off.  There is a serious learning curve here.  However, after only a few hours on a single map, you should have encountered enough issues that dealing with anything that comes up is a simple matter.The biggest trick is to pace yourself.  The game plays terribly slow as it stands.  So much so that playing at x10 speed is about the only way to make it interactive enough to keep you from walking away from your computer for an hour or two.  Even then, you could probably get away with painting a wall and watching it dry in the time it takes for a merchant to make its way downriver on one of the large maps.Because of how slow this game runs, it can make you impatient.  You may find yourself trying to Baby Boom your way into more people.This is where you will go seriously wrong.Aside from a lack of combat motivation to help you push your way into a new tech or keep you from expanding too far in favor of defending your territory, this game is exceptional.  It is almost perfectly balanced and its trade system works very well so long as you aren't constantly shifting your stores.  And, you know, merchants only coming about once a year (sometimes more often) and taking FOREVER to make it downstream.  And the ocassional glitch where they go back upstream before finally making their way down.For what this game is, 9/10.For what this game COULD be, 7.5/10.  This system is outstanding as it stands, but with just a little more....."
76561198086752668,Recommended,242920,19917304,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,YourBoiStar,EVERYONE'S TOOLS ARE BROKEN.
,Recommended,242920,13027637,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Candle,"Great game, worth every cent. Especially considering that it was created by a single developer."
,Recommended,242920,9286077,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Deep Fried Crickets,"This game is pretty fun, it took me a little while to get the swing of things but once I did it became very enjoyable.  I love sandbox city-builder type games and this was a nice breathe of fresh air.  I highly recommend it to anyone who likes these types of games.  I'm still learning things about how to manage your workers.  There is a high degree of micromanagement so beware.Edit: Since the mod kit was released there have been a lot of great additions into the game such as bee keepers to produce mead, creamery to produce cheese/yogurt/cream from the cows which now can produce milk and also a bakery/windmill to produce bread from wheat or corn.  There are many additions that will help add depth to the game which will allow you to play it for much longer.The only real downside is they seem to have nerfed the difficulty a bit, I’m not sure if this is because of the mods or what but it seems much easier to get a town going then it used to be.  I'm not complaining as I have very high hopes for future mods."
,Recommended,242920,9181514,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,QT,"Fun, but extremely hard to play. This game is not like Anno. This game is not a building/city game, it's survival."
76561198067414255,Recommended,242920,9957319,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Potato Joe,"For those of you that like sim city,Age of Empire, and survival game. this is a mix of all them. The only enemy here is you. No monsters, war, or zombies. Its a hard game to play at first but it get addictave fast. Words cant say much about it one just has to jump in and try it. It is kinda slow there is a fast button, but thing get out of control fast if you let it run in that mode long."
,Recommended,242920,18139681,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Has Mixed Reviews,"This is one of those games that just figuring out what to do is one of the best parts of the game. The first few years in this game are the hardest, as if you dont get it just right everyone will starve and die, this game doesn't pull any punches, and honestly thats a good thing. Even if after the first 5-10 hours you end up figuring out everything there is (which you will, there isn't that much beyond the fist 10 years ingame) it still ends up being quite a fun resource and city management game.To those who are already into city building games it doesn't do anything spectacular, but for me it had just the right mix of challenge and features to get me into this genre.Plus I want to give props to this game for getting its achievements being a REAL achievement, you really have to go out of your way to get them, more games should do that."
,Recommended,242920,13775187,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TheSeize,"I've never played a building simulation/straegy game this zen. It's far from simple, yet it doesn't go all over the place like most in the genre do these days. Other games would add a military aspect or make the town's technology evolve over time. Instead, the game is really just in one specific time period/style, and it's about building / planning, population managment, and economic balance. While I'm not sure this will appeal to everyone, I think anyone who enjoys this genre will find a little corner of their heart for this game. The music and weather/atmosphere make me feel like I'm settling a little early New England town, trying to help the settlers survive and prosper. It's strangely soothing, even if  any moment my people might experience a breakout of some illness."
76561198005127920,Recommended,242920,13845154,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Jaysaq,"I have not yet a long story to tell of one of my villages but what i can say so far is, that this game is really lovely. You can simply lean back and start playing, after a certain time and you understand the whole gamemechanics you're going to enjoy it even more. No village is like the other and you will always encounter different scenarios.I can just really recommend it.For that price and given the fact that it was made by one person its lovely.10/10"
76561198072954004,Recommended,242920,20256398,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BorkWaffe Doggo,Didn't played too much yet but  can say this is a game that is so simply strategic that it is fun.
76561197997506993,Not Recommended,242920,16497421,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Charha,"I'm giving this a thumbs down because I think that for a ~20€ game there's not enough content. If you can get it for a discount, it's okay.Basically Banished is like CivClicker with graphics. You have to allocate workers and build upgrades to keep your little village flourishing.There's a lot of stuff to micromanage, and that is pleasing enough, but in the end there's just not enough. In the Steam Workshop you can find a couple of mods that make the game more interesting, but only a little. After you've built all the available constructions there's nothing much to do but to watch the numbers go up and down. I thought that was a little disappointing because for the first hour or two the game was very addicting. There's no endgame so to speak."
,Recommended,242920,9968229,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,NoGirlsOnTheInternet,"This game is very addictive, challenging, and fun in an OCD sort of way. Fewer bugs than I would expect for an alpha, quite charming, all-consuming."
76561198035620113,Recommended,242920,9838121,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Cano'Bich Cookies,"This is a really good game. I have a steady income of food with tens of thousands in surplus, a comfortable amount of wood, firewood, stone, and iron, my people are happy and healthy, and I have a population of 300-ish citizens and-everyone is dead from a tornado.10/10 worth the rage and grief."
76561198026218080,Recommended,242920,16721245,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Butt-Stallion,I love this game =) It's exactly what I was looking for in this genre.
76561198071381223,Recommended,242920,20807705,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Panda ツ,"I love this game, ive played a good amount of it and its always a new adventure when you get into a randomly made world. Hard is hard and easy is easy. Keep your people alive and warm, and build so many houses your city is over flowing, then the population will grow and you can do even more with more people on more jobs.I love this game, get it and enjoy it like I do."
,Recommended,242920,20467207,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,.#MrGambool,"By far the most complex city builder i've played. If to compare against Civilization for example i would definitely go for Banished first.It's simplistic but yet complex to get a hang of. It only has a slight problem of having no end-game, you have to come up with your own goals basically."
,Recommended,242920,20033572,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,GSK,Banished?More like Punished. It is a brutal village management game that punishes you even for the smallest mistake.
,Recommended,242920,9242435,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,CPLWeeks,"""Everybody Dies"" The Game!"
,Recommended,242920,20075184,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Semper Paratus,"Well first off let me say it is frustrating to play right out of the gate, even with the tutorials I had nearly half my original settlers die off and struggle endlessly to raise my population. However, mods eventually came to my rescue by suping up the population algorithms. Then things started to shape up for my little town, I still struggle with the population dynamics but it's all in the fun of trying to start something from nothing. Don't be discouraged, but forge onward, it really is a charming game."
76561198170108459,Recommended,242920,20077225,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,taz66699979,like this game alot
76561198007895649,Recommended,242920,16833697,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Pawel,"Still playing and will play for some time - full recommendation.What I found most surprising is fact, that the game is beutiful in its simplicity - without great fireworks, it's just a pleasure to watch the small village in the wilderness. Especially weather effects deserve appreciation.As for the game itself - fair amount of challenge, everything is quite logical... what else do you need?Bottom line: worth every penny. Good job, Shining Rock."
,Recommended,242920,20069662,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ᴱᵈᵉᶰ ᴬᵘʳᵒʳᵃ,"Imagine if Sim City was around in the Middle Ages, pumped a heap of steroids & had awesome taste in music. You've got Banished. 10/10"
76561198013396512,Recommended,242920,14407770,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Havokmaker,"This game is pretty fun and a great value. Surviving the winter makes it interesting in the early game and the scramble for more resources makes the late game fun. I liked turning my little village into a good looking town. I do think there needs to be a bit more end game, but there might be and I just haven't discovered it yet."
,Recommended,242920,19484484,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,WinterArtemis,"If your going to play this game, please play the tutorials first, or look up how to play online.This game can be really fun, if you know how to play it. I basically learned through trial and error, and I don't believe I ever looked up how to play or even played a tutorial. This game is mainly about managing your citizens right so that they all don't starve to death or freeze to death.Here's a few tips if your too lazy to look some up or play a tutorial or two:1.Food is the first most important thing you'll need. But start with building a pasture, the fishing dock, hunting cabin, and/or the gathering hut. Because the crop and orchard fields, might not be cleared fast enough for you to grow food before winter comes. Also the orchards won't produce anything for at least three years.2.Firewood the next improtant thing, other wise your citizens will freeze to death. So build a forester lodge and wood cutter ASAP. btw when buiding a forester lodge, gather's hut, hunting cabin, and herbalist hut, make sure to not build anything else inside the yellow circle, but the one buidling. Though I like to put the forester lodge, hunting cabin, and gatther's hut all together.3.Next you'll want to build the mine and stone quarry, so you'll have the materials you'll nedd to build more.4.Next build a blacksmith and tailor. Because you do NOT want to run out of tools for your citizens. Which causes them to produce less and also the symbol is really annoying.5.Build a herbalist next. Because when the citizens aren't that healthy, they are known to idle more, and basically just not really doing wha tyou want.6.Oh, I almost forgot. I like to keep the jobs board thing in the top left corner, the map in the top right corner, the events log in the bottom left corner, and the thing that tells you your towns name, the resources you have, and the average town health and happiness, I like to keep that next to the town log, on it's right.Hope this helps. Also I'd give this game 8.5/10. Because I'm addicted and can't stop playing once I start."
76561198116245765,Recommended,242920,19513061,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,PirateHunterZ,"If you enjoy city builders in a sandbox setting, you would enjoy this game.  Whenever I need a game to keep me occupied for a few hours or something relaxing to play, I turn to Banished.  It is an easy game to learn and there are multiple terrains and difficulty settings to keep it interesting and fresh.  Once I got the mechanics down, I went to the Banished Workshop and downloaded some amazing mods that haved helped extend the playtime of this game.  I give Banished 2 thumbs up."
,Recommended,242920,19645860,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Azazel,"If you like watching people die in the first few minutes of your first game, this game is for you."
76561198039153010,Recommended,242920,19596422,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Solid,"To everyone who saw the disaster that was the last Sim City from EA; this is a love letter.  While it stands on it's own as a city builder/survival game it looks even better during a dearth of good city related games.  A simple game about trying to take a small group of exhiled people, survive, and eventually become self sustained.  There have been a few issues with optimization and AI derp, but then again this was made by one guy.  If anything the real testimate of this game is that a single talented indie dev out did an entire studio under the ownership of EA."
76561198150020450,Recommended,242920,19543042,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Clifftax,The game takes a lot of thought as to how you want your people to live. If you invest time into learning the game on a YouTube tutorial so you don't die by year 2 you will be able to have a lot of fun.
,Recommended,242920,19558077,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,zealofyouth,it's awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i hope there a banished 2 with modern city lol
76561198065496487,Recommended,242920,19540166,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kalazaka,"Banished is a great game and makes you loose countless hours of your life in that game. But, as any game, has some bad things about it.Pros:- It was a dynamic RTS system- Graphics were pretty good with lots of foliage- Let you customize who goes where- Allowed you to ration food and supplies- Is challenging even on Easy- Watch your city grow- Mod support ( Adds new things and possibilities)- Never smooth sailing, Things do happen- LEARN HOW TO MANAGE THINGS!- Can change how fast time is going in the gameCons:- Not alot of content in building the settlement (Core Game with no mods)- Game is fun for several hours, then that's it. You maxed everything in about 2-3 hours.- Villagers sometimes don't go where you tell them to go (Ignore you)- Supplies sometimes get glitched (Cant move them from place to place)- Houses take way to much food to their house and won't share (Selfish people)I would recommend this game to anyone wanting to manage a settlement."
76561197988823455,Recommended,242920,19540539,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,phantumgrey,"While I enjoy Banished its gets old and fast. There comes a point where once you've controlled all your resources and master you econemy the only thing to do is expand, but that actually gets pretty boring. Very limited building types. It's fun for the experience, but may soon be deleted from my computer as I've gotten all the fun out of it that I can. Very little replay value."
,Recommended,242920,19571168,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Seijaku.kun,"Great system that vows for realism in which your town already knows how to do things, but they lack the materials since they were... well... banished from their home. Starting over adds a nice athsmosphere and the fact that every game is different gives a lot of replay value."
,Recommended,242920,19576858,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Ornbjar Gorbenspoir,"If you're the type of person who enjoys sandbox games, this game is pretty fun. Prettymuch devoid of conflict, the game is simply building a nice little town."
,Recommended,242920,19577001,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Cleosaur,So much like real life; I'm either starving or dying of hypothermia
,Recommended,242920,19578861,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,6god 🦉,Great game but hard to play if you're new to this kind of games.
,Recommended,242920,29809106,Posted: 9 February,all,MegaGame,good
,Recommended,242920,9274293,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Funkysocks,"Played for 14 straight hours yesterday, forgot to eat food. This game is like meth.10/10."
76561197990665712,Recommended,242920,9279560,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Griss,"Before I say anything else I will state straight up that If you are looking for a super deep simulation type city builder you might want to look else where.  This is a small Indy game build by One person.The Main mechanic of banished Is figuring out how to build manage and maintain a small colonial style village.  This game will beat you around the head and neck and punish you for every mistake you make.  You will come to dread the notification sound  during the winter seasons.Banished is very much a game where failure is half the fun.  You try something out and then try to figure out what went wrong and why every thing fell apart like it did.  Then you try and try again.   This is a game that I Do not recommend reading guides.  You're literally bypassing the fun.  Because frankly the game is not that large in scope. And thats cool,  It does one thing and it does it spectacularly.You will smile as your citizens thrive.  Then you will get a little cocky do something wrong.  Two seasons later the notification chime will be going off like a machine gun because your towns folk are falling faster then leaves in autumn.  But then see if you can salvage the situation or you start over again."
76561197970454923,Recommended,242920,11328559,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,oVrKiL,"Wow! Imagine an RTS during the times of Oregon Trail and you have this game. It was in my watch list since it came up on Steam, read all the reviews, seemed fun, still hesitated on buying it, went on sale for 50% during Steam Summer Sale, and I had to pull the trigger and I’m glad I did. 15 hours in, about a dozen restarts, and I still can’t put it down. There are points where things get boring so you crank up the speed on the time and next thing you know you’ve lost a couple dozen people because of a group of nomads you let in were also infected with typhoid. Either way great game, great purchase, don’t see myself putting this down any time soon."
76561198122906210,Recommended,242920,9905863,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,pookie1980,"Nice game, I really enjoy playing something that is relaxing and a challenge at the same time. One thing that would be cool is the use of horses in the game. Horses that can pack up stuff and take where you need it, even with the aid of plowing fields. Graphics are impressive! Overall I would recomend this game to anyone, its fun and addicting."
,Recommended,242920,9573880,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,GordMcLeod,"Banished has a curious and compelling mix of quiet contemplative planning and strategy-based game play that brings with it a growing subtle urgency. It's deceptively difficult to meet the constantly growing demands of your citizenry as your population booms, and the pacing allows it to remain fun even as that urgency grows. I haven't had this much fun with a city builder in a long time, and that's speaking as a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,242920,9197436,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,natesobol,This is an above adverage city building game with a lot of potential. Made by Indie developer and only in beta this game can compete with tropico and sim city. Very fun and addictive. It's a fair purchase for $25.
76561198062047695,Recommended,242920,12860698,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,A_B_A_D_Y,لعبه كويسه
,Recommended,242920,9181193,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Dragst,"Suprisingly positive experience. This game focuses solely on survival in the wilderness, has some bugs and the interface isn't the best possible but it's still incredibly fun to me just trying to get those 10 people to survive through the winter.  And it's not easy, especially on hard.A medieval survival/village-building simulator with no combat or real goal, just survival. Personally felt was worth the money, let's hope the developer continues to improve the game!"
76561198005545551,Recommended,242920,14709815,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Astarsis,Best indi game last year. It cam out polished and working like a well oiled machine. Beautiful visuals. Relaxing and non-annoying music. I have enjoyed this more than other building type games. The player exprience i much less frustrating and focused on learning the mechanics than trying to work around on bugs. Bravo to this developer. Obviously the toolset works well and is popular based on the amount of mods and large scale of them.I would recomend this to my friends. Of course most of them that like this kind of game already have it cause its awsome!
76561198071584754,Recommended,242920,9937832,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,wolfman,"picked this up on monday started playing on tuesday.  played a couple of maps to see what the fuss was about. then did the tutorials and found what i was doing wrong. played a total of 45hrs after that in a Medium map on easy and forgot all my other games. have just 1 problem that i see, I CAN'T stop PLAYING IT! say ""i'll play for an hour"" next thing i know it's 4 hours later. it's must have for city building. when you get it do the tutorials, it's much easier that way"
,Recommended,242920,9280978,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Elcadion,"Simple U/I...real-to-life challenges!Unlike other city-builders, your people work like real people carrying one or two resource units at a time...2 laborers carrying 1 stone each takes awhile to build a house, as it should be. Crops are planted in the spring and harvested in the fall with rainfall affecting crop yields. Allow natural disasters and if you don't have a well close by your town may burn down. Separate your livestock quickly or a disease may wipe out your food source. Decide to rebuild a house to late in the season and its inhabitants may perish from exposure to the winter elements.Definitely recommend for anyone tired of overly complex games looking for something more down-to-earth and realistic."
,Recommended,242920,9206513,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,NinjaBäver,Winter came...I was not ready...Everyone died...
,Recommended,242920,10155860,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,nitrojane,"This game is SO much fun to play. If you're into resource management God games, this one is an excellent choice. There are varying levels of difficulty, terrain, weather patterns and catastrophic events, so if you're feeling like a challenge you can ramp things up.Aside from gameplay, the graphics are pretty smooth and scrolling lovely and seamless. My one complaint is that the sound effects are super repetitive, but luckily you can turn those off. :-)10/10, will play again."
,Recommended,242920,9308545,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Imperfect PeKans,Great Simple City Building Game
,Recommended,242920,9306985,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Knytling,Short: It's Awesome...
76561198015201042,Recommended,242920,9308220,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Vanblaster,"A very nice management game with a unique style and mechanism. If you like game like Simcity or Anno, you should try Banished"
,Recommended,242920,9309358,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,iKe,"When it's been a long, tiring day and my mind and body are drained and I just don't know what to do with myself... Laying in bed and watching my little town grow is... theraputic."
76561198060237538,Recommended,242920,9309492,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,mr.clef,I was waiting very patiently for this game to come out as soon as I saw it being previewed on STEAM. This game DID NOT AT ALL dissapoint. A game structured so simple yet offers tons of challenges. You forget that hours pass everytime you start to play. Such an enjoyable game. I'm just awaiting new material and patches to come out. HURRY.
76561198105586685,Recommended,242920,9307901,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,daniel-nalbach,"Amazing game that is highly specialized, and masters it's niche beautifully. Many multi-million dollar projects have been unable to accomplish what this single man has done.My gaming rig is pretty powerful, and I was pleasantly surprised to see high resolutions and advanced graphics features. The game looks stunning when maxed out.My wife and kids have been mesmerized by the detail while watching me play for hours. We've tried all kinds of things and my wife has had a lot of input on decisions made for our towns despite not being much of a gamer herself. The kids almost cried when bad decisions on my part cost us our first town.This game is so well thought out and realistic that it brings a natural focus to increased realism. You find yourself wanting to tweak certain things because of how close they are to real life. Citizen behaviors are impressively detailed and easy to believe in.  Decisions have to be made carefully, because the impact is very noticeable. At the start of the game you are dealing with such small numbers of people that everyone in the town counts.The trickiest part of the game is managing the generation cycles. It requires a lot of careful attention to produce a wide spectrum of citizen ages rather than getting locked into spaced generations that result in large death cycles. I'm not sure this is a problem so much as an aspect of realism. What happens if your town has only a few children because of limited resources and then all of the adults pass out of child-bearing age? Eventually the townsfolk might all die of old age, leaving the town without enough of a labor force to service it's own basic needs.These are the more advanced management decisions required once you get beyond basic town building. The game requires a lot of future planning to be successful, and will be very hard for anyone trying to just live in the moment. It simply isn't enough to only solve today's problems. This is especially true when it comes to the cycle of seasons, which has been handled extremely well. This is the first game I've played where the crop cycle really is as important as it was in real life centuries ago.One of my takeaways from playing has been an increased understanding and respect for how hard it must have been to establish the early American colonies.In closing, while the developer has expressed a desire to eventually explore other projects, it is my hope that he will invest as much time as he can into expanding the core functionality and content of the game before moving on. This is truly one of the great town games  of the modern era, and an incredible achievement for one man working alone."
,Recommended,242920,10877958,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,allos autos,"'Banished' is the purest city-building game on the market. There is no external enemy to vanquish, no quests to fulfill, and no help with resources along the way (a la Tropico). Players must turn a group of banished settlers into a town using the resources at hand and proper balancing of roles.As far as that goes, the game hits the mark. The first few years of any map are tense as the possibility of failure looms overhead. As your city grows, you are faced with new challenges or setbacks, either because of random events (infestations, tornadoes, etc.) or resource depletion (out of stone, out of available workers). If you're a fan of the genre, you should check this game out.This isn't to say that there aren't deep-seated flaws with the game. Even on the highest difficulties, the game is quite easy after a certain point. Some forward thought eliminates most challenges. Build a trading post early and you can set aside some food and firewood in the early years of abundance to help out in lean seasons. Keeping up with firewood demands by building stone houses after your first few frees up leather from hunting lodges to be turned into coats, which then can be sold to traders, thus providing a passive source of income. Once you're over the hump of the reasonable learning curve, your town becomes unstoppable. You learn, for example, that building a church, hospital, herbalist, or tavern is pointless. Food variety and a graveyard will keep health and happiness both at 4.5, so save your resources.Lastly, this is an indie game, built by one (very talented) person. While certainly impressive, it means that you can only expect so much. The endgame is nonexistent. At a certain point you're growing your town for the sake of growing your town. But if it's self-sufficient and pratically runs itself, why bother? If you're not aiming towards something, why upset the balance? Suggestion to the creator: *force* the town to grow (e.g. make happiness plummet if adults don't get their own house and/or don't give the player the choice to refuse nomads).In sum, you have to expect your mileage with this game to be limited. Don't buy it on the promise of what is to come. It may not be reasonable to expect one person to be able to fix everything. It's not clear that modding can turn this game from good to exceptional--that's usually the opposite of what happens. As it stands, $20 seems a bit steep, but $10 seems perfect."
,Recommended,242920,9279303,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Riondose Kyulin,"Addictive and fun, besides the flaw is that you need to know what you need from the start. other than that seeing your population flourish or starve, freeze to death. yeah pretty fun.hope they work on that idea"
,Recommended,242920,12856012,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SunShine,This game is hard and really fun...
,Recommended,242920,23638835,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Semirotta,"If only it had co-op.Otherwise 5/5, definitely worth it."
76561198082903390,Recommended,242920,12931680,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,asemokinov,Really easy not complicated as some comments lead to believe; I was disapointed with this but its not a bad game if you're just trying to chill out and sink some time.
,Recommended,242920,9675529,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Kazuki,"This game is majestic. It reminds me so much to my times of Age of Empires II but without the warfare or the medieval environment, just focusing on what I truly liked: survival, development and expansion. One of a kind. I love it."
,Recommended,242920,24088080,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Polofish,"So addictive, you can play both active and passively depending on desire and skill level. You'll certainly fail the first few times but eventually you will have the whole map :)"
,Recommended,242920,9615222,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,dcool VR,"This game can go sour real quick, you need to be on top of everything! It's fun and I enjoy playing it. I can guarantee your first map you will have starvation issues. The game really points out how short life is!"
,Recommended,242920,12014891,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,wonderchild,"Start a mass civilization, have one person horde all the food, next thing you know everyones dead. 10/10."
,Recommended,242920,9251625,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Hallward,This game is better than it really should be.
,Recommended,242920,20589918,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ivanthomson,"I really like this game, but it is hard.  I find the hardest part of the game to be resources and demographics.  By demographics what I mean is that you will get so far in the game and then everyone gets old and won't create kids anymore and start to die off and then you are in death spiral because you lose workers, thus can't get resources, thus can't build houses to encourage people to have kids, and basically all hope is lost.  So, it is really damned difficult to play a game that continues on for some time.I really wish the developer of this game had included a cheat menu in the game for those of us who are so great and balancing all the parameters of the game perfectly but who still want to carry on building and enjoying the game.  I mean really... listen up developers...Please include the ability to hit the '~' key and open a cheat menu already.  Options should include; infinite resources, add 100 resources, add children, reduce population age, add workers/people, change season to winter/summer/spring/autumn, 100% harvest on crops and orchards, etc.Also, a sandbox mode would be great.  Sometimes people just want to build and not worry about all the particulars of running the community.Thank you."
,Recommended,242920,11995211,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Kingcgc/Lerch,Whole village died of starvation10/10
76561197978506422,Recommended,242920,9241472,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Stoov,"This game has a lot of potential, it is everything I ever wanted a city builder to be. It is also HARD! Man, That first winter on hard... I lost about half my people to either hunger or cold.Pros: Solid graphics, all the tools you would ever want or need to build an amazing city, and great replay value.Cons: These are honestly more annoyances than cons. Villagers AI seems to lack a bit, for instance there does not seem to be a priority system when it comes to certain objectives (unless its Builders and roads... apparently they MUST build roads over anything.) Honestly anything more with the game I'm sure will be patched back to perfection.Strongly Recommended to anyone who enjoys the Genre"
76561198056650027,Recommended,242920,9494224,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,galacticthreat,"in simcity you have millions in your population and when they die, you don't care. they're just a number to you. In banished, when(and i mean to say when) your 50 or so people start to die because you don't havve enough fish or coats, you will be yelling ""EBERDILIA NOOOOO!"""
76561198022742431,Recommended,242920,9332133,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Letho of Gulet,Meh Its ok
,Recommended,242920,14669897,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ATF_Isamu **,"a great replacement for Sim City.  I love the constant balance of keeping my citizens happy enough to make babies, warm enough not to freeze in winter, well fed enough to thrive, and still be able to find enough resources to make a bigger city.  I dont even care for this type of game and I would rate it at 8/10.  If i had to buy it again, this game would be worth about $15 to me."
,Recommended,242920,9223717,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Driver405,"A really fun Strategy/City-Building/Survival game.. You start with a few people and a few supplies (how much depends on the difficulty), and the goal ain't to build an empire to stand the test of time, or build a strong economy, or what have you, But the goal is to keep your people alive and expand your village.The maps are randomly generated and huge, There are random disasters that can devastate your village such as Plauges, Tornadoes, Fires, Crop Infestations, and I'm sure many others (those are the ones that have hit me so far).This is not a game that I will play every day for months, but it is a game that I will play whenever I get a notion to.. (Kind of like Minecraft, I bought that game in early Alpha, and I still play it every couple of days/weeks/months)So Yes, I would recommend this game to anybody who likes City-Building, Strategy, or Survival games.. It's only $20, and It will (atleast for me) be one of those rare games that I never will get bored of playing.. I've bought games for $60 before, that I played for a week, stuck it on a shelf, and forgot I even had it. I'd recommend watching a video or 2 of it to see if it's the kind of game for you."
76561198046968132,Recommended,242920,10638912,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nuke it with water,I'm clearly too stupid to play this because I have no idea what I'm doing. 20/10 GOTY
76561198100768405,Recommended,242920,9275170,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Tenedria,"congratz for making a great game from a simple idea. I love it, played it for hours. Perfect game for people who just want to relax. The hardest part is starting up, cause if you loose too many villagers the population wont go up."
,Recommended,242920,9509650,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,SMM,Get it if you know how to play
,Recommended,242920,9554836,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Bazkur,"One of the best, if not the best, simulation games since Simcity 4.  If you like to micromanage in a sim then this game is definately for you.  There is very little downtime in your villages, the bigger they get the more work you have to do to manage them.  I've already spent 70 hours on this game and I don't plan to quit anytime soon.  Once the modding tools come out, I really expect this to become even more fun.  I can't recommend this enough!"
76561198010457979,Recommended,242920,9624454,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,MrKiel,"7.5 / 10Banished is an addictive city-building and management game that gives me the same feeling that Settlers gave me when it was first released.You start small, harvest resources, grow your town and manage needs while trying to prepare for the winter and improve the quality of life in your settlement. It ticks all the boxes for fans of city builders and management games - complex but intuitive gameplay that instills a desire to grow and improve, letting you manage on a large scale or tweak the finer points as you wish. You can build, farm, harvest and trade to your heart's content.My only gripe is the lack of any story, goals or end-point to the game, but as it stands it will provide with many hours of entertainment. Overall simpler than the likes of the Anno series, but the ability to fine tune details makes up for this.Decent value for money, but don't be expecting any quests or stories here."
,Recommended,242920,9210727,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,cast,"Excellent indie city builder.Graphics are a little dated, and there is room for improvement in most areas, but it is still more satisfying than most of the AAA city builders of recent years.At $20 I recommend to anyone who likes city builders."
,Recommended,242920,9197584,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Ancestor,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Recommended,242920,15723894,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Aubs400,"Banished is a challenging game, which requires balanced, patience and future-planning, like you would in everyday life. It has sone rather nifty features other such games lack and really ought to have, and feels totally authentic and realistic. It's not a massively easy game, and needs some good long hours invested before you become at-ease with how it works, but some of the best games often do. Totally addictive and well worth your time."
,Recommended,242920,10484444,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,AristeiaX,"This may not be a game for all, but I love it. A very relaxing atmosphere, and great music really adds to the game experience. I hope to see more contents in the future, perhaps a wider range of professions / map seeds. I can hardly this game was developed by just one person. Would recommend this to anyone who enjoys the Sims / the Sim City franchise, or anyone who has played strategic games and would like to take a break from all the conquering."
76561197996469044,Recommended,242920,13652242,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Driftknight,"I wanted to play a city builder game and Banished met all my expectations and more. I constantly felt that my town's survival and growth revoloved around my choices and there's so many ways to get the most out of your city.  8/10, as there were a couple things that could've been explained better in the game like the fact that people just appear if you build houses."
76561198081115643,Recommended,242920,17797355,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,JigglyJ,I absolutely love this game! The only thing that i would recommend is more in depth upgrades and buildings. I feel as though once you get to a certain point of understanding what you have to do in order to be successful it gets a little bland. However in order to find that all out you have to have some hours and failures on your record. I recommend this heavily.
,Recommended,242920,16633687,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,CassieGoRawr,"absolutly adore this game, have only had it a few days and i cant seem to stop playing. there are a few things i wish where added or would be fixed up but over all i love all of it~me and my friends play it while in skype calls and we just talk about what it would be like with a multy player settign where u can trade and visit other players towns and villages, and help eatch other out or be competitive and maybe even attack on another to make it more realistic"
,Recommended,242920,16568492,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,whstewart88,"This is a wonderful game! Okay, let me adjust that... if you’re interested in this type of game it’s amazing. It will suck you in though if you’re not careful. It is such a simple concept that it is easy to pick up what is needed, but what makes it such a great game is the challenge.1st.	 Survival is not guaranteed at all.2nd.	 Figure out a status configuration that works for you.3rd.	 Play the tutorial!4th.	 When you have played the basic game and have a decent idea of how the game works try out the mods.5th.	 Watch your life pass you by almost as fast as the villagers :)All in all this game is wonderful. There are some frustrating aspects (no way to control villager population, besides not building houses) <== biggest one in my opinion. Try the game though it is worth it."
76561197992113017,Recommended,242920,16552303,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Aerisath,Fun!
76561198099040181,Recommended,242920,16564245,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Munnstan,Very rogue-like city builder. Every game you lose you take something away on your way to the perfect little colony. It's the kind of game I've been waiting for. I sure do hope some updates happen!
,Recommended,242920,12068990,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,exrica,"After 85+ hours of gameplay, I think I can say I am mildly addicted to this game.  It's a city-builder/survival game where you grow your village.Pros: It's fun, and takes a lot of strategy and thought.  Very addictive, and you will get your money's worth playing the game.  It's easy to let things get away from you, which to me is a plus since it makes the game intersesting.  Map seeds, and the awesome people who post good map seed settings online.Cons: A lot of the terrain is unusable; you can't flatten the ground (as of this review) so if there's a tiny lump in the ground you can't build there.  Villagers take food from the markets and barns store it in their homes, so if you're low on food one household could have an abundance while their neighbor starves to death.  Eventually you will run out of room to build, and since there's no technology you can't progress to a more efficient use of land.Despite the cons, I really enjoy this game.  I think the ""fun factor"" outweighs the cons.  I would definitely recommend this if you like (non compbat) strategy/survival city-builder games."
,Recommended,242920,9241677,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Dr Shit,Very addictive once you get over the learning curve. I highly recommend this to any one who likes sim/building games.
,Recommended,242920,11671182,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,CnslrTroi,"I literally cannot stop playing banished. I've actually lost sleep because of it. This is okay in my opinion. Addicting, and relaxing at the same time. It's quite perfect for me actually :p"
76561198148591183,Recommended,242920,16506285,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Death Chef,you can really lose track of time. its a really fun game and well built.
76561198108522101,Recommended,242920,13111211,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jaximmus,All my chickens died of infection. After that all my villagers died of starvation. This game is great
76561198076315927,Recommended,242920,13008713,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Frolton,Great strategy/survival indie game. Had a lot of fun with this one. You will although run out of things to do early on. I recommend using some mods later on.
,Recommended,242920,13577871,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sub Atomic CC,Everyone's dead.
,Recommended,242920,19151112,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Mori,"Yes, the villagers are bloody idiots. No NPCs have ever made me rage like these little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ However, what disgusts me most, are their breeding habits. There's a 23 years old teacher living with his 12 years old student and their baby here. Or this 28 years old stallion living alone in the woods as the only male creature in the whole village, while every single female mysteriously gets pregnant.Anyhow, very interesting game! One might enjoy it more once they learn NOT to mind too much the personal life of the citizens."
76561198018241645,Recommended,242920,10975404,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Arcade V,"A great city builder, highly recommend.  Can get a bit tedious pretty fast, but it will keep you entertained long enough to justify the cost."
76561197970435888,Recommended,242920,9253974,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,TechTexN,"This can be a very addictive game. It's city/colony building with all the realities that sink in and remind you that your town is vulnerable to failure at all times. Requires careful resource management of supplies and villager duties. The supply and demand can be precarious at times so it is easy to put your village on the path of a downward spiral that is hard to get out of. My first village did not survive :( . I still wish there was a little more content, but for the price it is still worth it. The graphics are not the greatest, but is still good enough for the price. The AI can sometimes do things that frustrate the gamer, such as inefficent use of time. For example, the villager needs to build something, but instead of getting supplies(tree logs) accross the street at the supply stash, they go out into the wilderness, cut down trees, take it back to the supply stash, drop off, then go back and pick it up again. Doesn't make sense. It doesn't happen every time, so I don't know if it is a glitch or what. Most of the time the villagers do what they are supposed to. Overall, it is still a good game and I recommend it."
,Recommended,242920,10775185,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Israfela,"Great city builder game, one of the best I've seen. It has real consequences and you have to work at it. Challenging and relaxing at the same time. Nice music and scenery as well!"
76561197994831370,Recommended,242920,9392205,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Delle,"This is the game that SimCity wanted to be. Very addictive; should perhaps come with a warning. I have neglected sleep, food, family and bathing since purchasing it"
76561198031182718,Recommended,242920,9314358,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,aph022182,If  you are looking for a challange this is the game for you!  A mix of Anno 2070 and The setler but a whole lot harder
,Recommended,242920,9180769,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Pepper,"Hard game is hard, but very good."
76561198065281627,Recommended,242920,9350638,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,earl4044314,good game
,Recommended,242920,9412720,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Swirl,Been hooked on this since I got it. Well worth the money! It's addictive :D
,Recommended,242920,9191439,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Random British Buttslut,Cozy as ♥♥♥♥.Get sheep.Don't starve.Gatherer is love
76561197961448476,Recommended,242920,9278695,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ouhon,"I love this game. I did not expect to pay $20 for a casual city builder game and have it completely suck me into it within the first two hours. Heck, this game is even worth it even at $40. Can't believe this game was made by only one person! If you love to play the old sim city games back in the 90's, then I would highly recommend you to get Banished! It is a casual city building game in its purest form. No wars, invaders, or mulitplayer drm gimmicks. I like how you can micro manage your resources and citizens without having to worry about a currency system. Banished is relaxing, fun, and addicting, and I suggest you to try it for yourself!"
,Recommended,242920,9244513,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Zanriel,"Banished is sometimes peaceful, sometimes brutal, but very fun. There's something really satisfying about striking just the right balance between population growth and resources. If you're not careful and you build too fast, or make a few bad decisions, you may find yourself facing a cascading infrastructure collapse leading to a slow, painful death for your community. Use up too much wood and then they have no heat. The food workers start freezing to death, leaving the wood cutters to starve to death. Then the blacksmith runs out of wood to make tools with, and everyone's tools start breaking with no replacements. Within one season, your bustling town of 50 citizens dwindles down to 20 or less, and you're scrambling to fill essential jobs with a freezing, starving workforce. All kinds of other things can happen too. Too many kids and you can't produce enough food to feed them. Too few children and your workers die of old age with nobody to replace them. The whole game is a knife edge balancing act where the repercussions of one decision might not be apparent for an hour or so, but by then it's too late.This is a game of suspense and tension, punctuated by moments of relaxing tranquility. At least at first. Eventually you start to get a handle on the mechanics and it becomes a little easier, but there are still random events that may happen, or surprises around the corner which you haven't adequately prepared for. As of this review I've put in over 22 hours and so far I haven't seen any major disasters, just the occassional diseased crop or fire breaking out. By now I've gotten to where I'm starting out on ""Hard"" with ""Harsh"" weather and I'm doing okay. My last town went from about 48 workers to 20, however, because I wasn't building enough houses and people weren't having children fast enough. Thankfully I had a Town Hall, so a group of nomads joined up and I was able to bounce back. My goal right now is to import one of every type of seed and livestock, and have farms and fields set up for each one. After that, I'm not sure if there will be too many other goals I'd have to keep playing, except perhaps to obtain a population of 500, maybe 1000. Hopefully by then the developer will have added some new building types or new mechanics to mix things up a bit.I've played Tropico 4, Sim City 4, Sim City Societies, Towns, the Stronghold series, and several other RTS's, and I enjoy them all for different reasons. This game doesn't have the economic and public policy complexity of Tropico or Sim City, but what you get instead is a constant sense of battling the elements and keeping your people alive. The primitive setting, with fishing, wood cutting, farming, mining, and a cycle of birth and death, along with weather conditions and seasons give Banished a visceral, earthy vibe that no other game has. It's pretty amazing for what it is, although without some new systems or gameplay elements, I don't know if I'll be able to get 100 hours out of it without it going stale. However, I suspect 40-60 hours should be easily doable, and for a $20 game, that's a great deal."
76561197961028532,Recommended,242920,9229316,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,WarLust,"Love this game!  So addicting!  Warning!  You will realize you blew through 4 hours or more of this game before realizing it.  It's a wonderful city builder, and while it's not perfect and could use a few tweaks and maybe a few additions, you will enjoy this game and wonder why so many other games of its type cost so damn much and have so many bugs.  I literally spent hours watching YT videos (thanks Quill) and tweaking my own startup on Hard before I had great success with a 100+ pop town.   It's frustratingly hard at first, but as you get farther along, you begin to enjoy the city you have created and it becomes relaxing, until some disaster slaps you in the face.  For those that like survival games and sim-city building games, this is a must have.  Just be warned that you will spend hours with this game.  It's that fun and addicting.  Kudos to the lone game maker.  I know it must have taken a lot of effort and time.  It paid off :)"
,Recommended,242920,9252983,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Wald,"Do you like Sim City? Do you think its fun and relaxing? Well ♥♥♥♥ YOU. If you make one mistake in this game your village will die of starvation/cold/lack of firewood/tornadoes/nothaving babies. That being said, i can stop playing it oh god please help me."
,Recommended,242920,9270515,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,RedArremerjoker,Great game to play if you like city builders
76561198073187323,Recommended,242920,9283172,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Billy Cross,A very relaxing game though at times challenging it really is a nice peaceful game you can just kick back and play to pass the time
76561198007670506,Recommended,242920,9271172,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,William Fogg,"If you like city building games, you will like Banished. Engaging visually, though not overly so, its simple but very effective way of controlling what is happening will keep you hours glued to your computer.  Maybe lacking something of the ""unexpected"", still banished will surprise you when your thriving town suddenly plunges in to chaos and your people starve to death...what works in a small community might not work once it gets bigger. Location and placement of resources and resource-proccessing facilities is critical.For fans of"
,Recommended,242920,9228264,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Fallingstar,"I loved playing these types of games. It took me at least 3 games just to realize that this is actually a slow pace game and also you have to actually think how a town mayor would do and think. It basically combines Age of Empires, StrongHold, and Settlers; games."
76561198049221058,Recommended,242920,9240285,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,ianhockey4,This game is highly addictive and a game almost anyone will enjoy.
76561198042757987,Recommended,242920,9247920,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Karlash,"Banished has lived up to all the reviews I have read about the game. This being my first proper review, please forgive any mistakes i may make :)Game play is great, UI is easy enough to navigate, the only issue I have with UI is that very quickly you can have a very cluttered screen ( you wont miss much but I like a screen with minimal clutter), all information that you need for you citizens and building can been show without much fuss, once you have a certain building most if not all the info you need in found in one window.In term of how the games actually plays, visuals are great, sound and music isnt bad doesnt get boring. Tutorials could be a little more indepth but are useful enough. Just like most people have said you can be super stressed out or chilling with your town, BUT if you are chilling dont get to comfortable the games has an epic way of screwing you over!One example had a town producing enough of everything with a population of just over 200 and in 5min I went from 200 too 10 population. There isnt much of a learning curve, pretty simple to rinse anf repeat but with the challenges of each map the game play doesnt get old. Funny enough after one afternoon of playing I decided lets play with a harder start and I have my very best town, producing 20k food, 3k firewood and my citizens are doing ok. Stone and Iron is a mission to get the mine are not every effective but can get by with them.If you take it slow and plan you will do fine. Great game loads of fun and doesnt get boring at all. well worth the price tag.7,5/107.5 because has great potential for growth, need a little bit more, but that you can find out.All the bestKarlash"
,Recommended,242920,9255403,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Master Splinter,fufilled my dreams of forcing 10 year olds to work a quarry. highly recommended.
76561197987036077,Recommended,242920,9178121,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Dankoro,"My first review on steam (hope to do more in the future, but I want to see if this format works). I was going to do a paragraph based one...but it became about 9 paragraphs long. I love going into details with reviews (something I want to do more...), but I felt like this (steam reviews) is more for a quick glance type thing so I decided bullet points with descriptive reasonings. I do more than just pros and cons as somethings aren't really either, they could be temporary bugs or major things to look out for in a game, it's just how I review things.Pros:-Random house designs to keep houses from looking too generic-Difficult enough to really make you use your brain (NOT A CON!)-Difficulty can be changed per game and can make a major difference-Randomized areas each time so each city will be different-The difficulty settings vary based on what type/size of terrain, weather conditions, disasters, and starting resources you want available.-Trading system is effective and advanced enough to make you work for new items.-Citizens actually listen to commands fairly well and are fast to act on them.-No military aspect, only things that are trying to kill you are hunger, the elements, and RNG(see below)-The tutorial is optional, hands on, in real time, and teaches you all you need to know (it doesn't forget anything). Also you can always go back to any tutorial whenever you want.-There is an ingame wiki (if you will) that can be accessed at anytime in game. It describes what each building does, what each worker can do, basically any questions you need answered can be found in it.-You can speed up time 2x,5x, or 10x when things are slow, and you can pause but still give commands while paused (such as define an area to have materials gathered, negotiate a trade without time being wasted, and plan your building and workers without resources being wasted).Cons:-RNG can kill you very early on (for example: One city killed two people at nearly the same time early on, one from a poisoned berry, the other from a tree falling on them)-Consumption rates of materials and food from villagers skyrocket quickly, but reproduction rates vary on number of houses.-Hunters are very slow at hunting, in a year they get just the bare minimum from nearby deer.-Even with a town hall, if the health of villagers goes down, it doesn't really explain why. It could be from cold, lack of herbs, a bad diet, but it doesn't specify.-Villagers don't really tell you much, even with .5/5 hearts (low health) they don't seem to explain what the issue is to you. The only thing they complain about are broken tools, starving to death, lack of a home, being cold, and being diseased from a little circle above their heads...but sometimes they might have none of the previously mentioned as a problem but still only have .5/5 hearts...but no reason for their problem.Alerts:-Schools slows down the aging process, children normally become adults at age 10 (...yeah) but schools slow it down so they come adults at 16, activating a school to early can kill your village quickly-Consumption rates of materials might seem manageable early, but it can suddenly spike, making you frantically try to find the materials needed to survive. (Had a map that was going very well, but 12 years in, Villagers were going through firewood suddenly like it was paper, even when I had 700 banked and woodcutters saying they hit their max the year before I had to start mowing down forests I planted like crazy just to keep up.)Opinion:It's very addicting, and without the military aspect it becomes a very relaxing (yet intense) city management game. I'm not sure what all the developers have in mind with this game (hopefully they keep fighting ideas at bay), but I hope to see this game grow (maybe add some other terrain types in the future? To add to resource difficulty.). I haven't been happy with city management games lately (thanks EA...) but this game is a breath of fresh air. It's everything that I look for in city management games. I have yet to encounter any major bugs (biggest one maybe builders not clearing the area of the build site I assigned them to unless prioritized higher but will go build and keep building once it is clear, though I'm not sure if that is a bug or not as there is kind of a fix as I just mentioned). Also, deer will sometimes jump/fly over giant rivers, so that's pretty cool. But all in all it's a fantastic game. Just be ready for spams of ""Food/Log deposits low"" for half of the early and late game.Buy it?:If you love city management games, you'll love this. The price is very fair for what you are getting. Each game is it's own, each time you can make it unique. It's seed based random map style definately increases its worth quickly. And for $20, it really is quite cheap for all that you can do in the game.(also a little accounting easter egg here, if anyone sees it)"
,Recommended,242920,16097404,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,10hp,"this game usually ends with me angrily yelling at my computer screen because i don't have enough food/clothes/tools etc for all of my citizens, but besides that it's great and i love it."
76561198041239133,Recommended,242920,12807674,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,chino2468,"Really good game! I'd add some more complexity, option-wise, to add a bit more depth. Other than that, nicely created, challenging and fun."
76561198034071703,Recommended,242920,9603963,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Tickle My Pickle,"This is a great game, I love it because it is a rather unique game, and the simulation is fantastic, you have the ability to make a totally peaceful town if you have had a bad day, then there is a hardcore version with disasters and everything. You can turn off disasters and choose the hard start, or turn off disasters and make it easy. Either way, it's realistic and a generally great game, and at 20$ it's a great steal as well. The game constantly evolves as you play, and the enviroment is fully changable, animals may become extinct and soil eventually wears out. Crop rotation is key with farms, animals can be hunted to extinction, fish can be as well. The game is dynamic and fun with varying difficulty."
76561198107351226,Recommended,242920,11400639,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,thethomasy,in a overal reveiw i think that it is a good game but can get boring after a while of playing it.the food and firewood aspect i think are too hard and they are very difficult to manage properly
76561198030485843,Recommended,242920,9599235,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,LowesyPC (Uhtred),"Possibly one of the Best City Builders out there, A small one man Dev Team came up with something that has kept many people stumped, yet guled to a game that is Challenging, Beautiful and more importantly full of heart and Charcter. This is no easy game, and some People may say that it is too difficult and not worth £15 (UK Player Sorry!), but it is it is worth a lot more.No Tech Trees to hold you back just fun and enjoyment and your creativity, want to build a small farming hamlet and watch the families past on stories and secrets, great do it. Want to building a Glorious City filled with Stone Houses Chruch Spires and Bellowing Smoke, No Problem.This Game is Worth the Price which is small for such a filled game with a great Future!"
,Recommended,242920,16408018,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,_Dark_Soul_,"This game is pretty hard, on the beginning I had some problems about making my community to grow up, but its all about learning the basics and be very careful with the provisions (food, firewood, medicine, clothes, tools...). Its a very nice game, makes you play for hours without realizing... I surely recommend."
76561198065221772,Recommended,242920,13950696,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,extrapale,"If you like simulation games or city-builders, don't miss Banished. It is a game that is at first deceptively simple but becomes incredibly complex and challenging once you get going. The tutorial is very simple and lets you get started rather quickly but it sacrifices detailed explanations, which later on you will wish you had gotten. Some have found this frustrating when their towns keep dying but as someone who has been able to figure out how to win at games like Civ, Sim City, etc, rather quickly, I have enjoyed it as there is a lot to figure out for yourself. There are many strategies to fine tune your town in order for it to be prosperous. I highly recommend playing the game for a while first to discover your playing style, then when you run across problems, look for tips on forums and websites to help get your town population up; you will need this at some point due to the lack of a detailed tutorial. When I bought this game I had no idea I would get so addicted to it but here I am 80 hours later and loving it."
76561198001980312,Recommended,242920,16472289,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Chummy 8,"Banished is the closest a city builder can get to a survival game.  You start off with a small number of families banished from another town sometime in the Dark Ages.  With these few families, you have build a new self sustaining town that can supply it's own food, firewood, and clothes.  It's not that easy and it took my at least 20 hours (and countless restarts) to get a town up to 100-200 people. I have a special place in my heart for city builders, and this game puts enough of a new spin in the genre that sucked me right in.  You have to balance expansion with your food/clothes supply and things can go really bad really fast. It is not unusual to have one bad winter where half of your population just dies off.  Like FTL and Spelunky, you learn from your failures and there's this desire to immediately restart with new ideas. Here is a list of ways my town has utterly collapsed.1. I forgot to build a tailor. We had a terrible winter and people started freezing to death.  By the time I realized my mistake, I was down to 2 people (out of about 50).  Those two dudes froze to death while building the tailor building.2. Ran out of food. A band of nomads wanted to settle in my town, so I let them.  Unfortunately, I didn't have enough of a food supply to satisfy all the extra mouths.  Everyone was dead within a year.After all of this, the music is really good.  This is the most relaxing game I've played all year.5/5 Recommended.  This game puts a nice take on city builders."
,Recommended,242920,10959005,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,KenshiHI,"Do you like simcity? Caesar? If you are a fan of simulators and specially city builders, then Banished is a must-have. Got addicted the moment I started playing. Bare in mind that Banished is not as easy as Simcity or Caesar.Warning: Do not buy this game close to finals!!"
,Recommended,242920,10227512,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,VexTik,"Banished is a great, relaxing city building game. The mechanics are great, and easy to follow once you get the hang of it. The tutorial really helps alot, explains everything you need to know. It's a teeter totter of emotion and will keep you on your toes. Plus, it was created by one guy, gve the man his money!"
76561198023121422,Recommended,242920,9227359,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Verd,"This game is Hard. It will challange you. It's brutal, and punishing. And if you can survive those harsh winters, keep Ale flowing through your Bar, keep a nice, healthy stockpile of food and herbs, and keep the babies flowing in at a nice, controlled rate, you might have a chance at creating a work-of-art village. The graphics are perfect for the subject matter, and it's satisfying enough to keep me coming back for more. I find myself creating mini challanges, and mourning the death of an aged worker, planning the fates of future generations and making sure my people have a varied diet."
,Recommended,242920,9238331,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Jaikarr,"In Banished you take the reigns as a benevolent dictator guiding a small group of outcasts to an unknown land. You hold their very lives in your hands as they unwittingly follow your every command to build a new town in the image of a perfect socialist paradise where everyone works where they are needed until they lie in heir grave.Traders are a necessary evil at the beginning of your town's life, however once you have exploited them for their access to livestock and seed you will be able to create a self-sufficiency that will cause your people to thrive, taking what they need when they need it and being untainted by capitalism.However you must prepare yourself for tragedy of natural disasters and disease that may decimate your loyal populace. Nomads, hearing of your success will petition to join your community, should be carefully vetted lest they bring in scarlet fever, mumps, or some other abominable plague.In the end you must not be asking whether this game is good enough for you, you should be asking whether you have what it takes to lead your people to the perfect communist utopia."
76561197976304204,Recommended,242920,9195264,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,EternusNox,"On the surface this may seem like another city sim except in the middle ages however you'll very quickly find out this is more like the Dark Souls of city builders. You will be brutally beaten down the second you take this lightly. Tornadoes, fires, starvation, plagues, frostbite and every other sickness and hardship you can imagine will be fighting you every step of the way but it just makes seeing your little town slowly growing into a city even more enjoyable.Edit: The soundtrack for this game is top notch btw!"
76561198129906177,Recommended,242920,10691539,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,stormtrooper9200,"Great game one of the best city building games  I've ever played very addicting but it could use some dlc such as decorations for your town like statues,gardens,and benches.Also maybe some new buildings to turn your town into thriving city. Over all I give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,242920,9275205,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,silverdark,"Loved it ...Especially when i first started the game. Dont think tht it is a Zen game and goes by your smile. NO!! While you were chasing butterflies in your Cherry Tree orchards a gigantic tornado passes through your beloved land all your effort. Dont worry, you can recover too but actually tht part of the game is its challenge.Unlike the other city making games (Caesar, Zeus, Simcity etc.) this game has diffrent balance. Some mistakes are not being forgotten in this game ( like if you are out of tools it is a simple gg/KO).However game still needs some fixations in my opinion and still so fresh to talk bad about its mistakes. Banished is a good piece and can really be improved. Waiting for the mod maker at the moment and after tht i can decide all around what is good or bad about Banished.If you like some realistic features and prettyness at the same time in a citybuilding game. Get this game asap !"
,Recommended,242920,9390151,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,MightyDog,"After about 50 hours of ""Banished!"" I highly recommend this game to fans of the city-building genre.  At first the game seems very simple but you quickly find it has a ton of depth to it and can be quite challenging.  ""Banished!"" doesn't have combat but you'll find yourself constantly battling hunger, cold, and resource management to the point where you'll be glad there aren't any invaders knocking on your door.  You will have to make some tough decisions early in each village- ""Do I spend my vital resources on food production?  but I don't have enough workers to man those buildings... so do I build houses in hopes of increasing my population?  but then I won't have enough food and my people will starve..."" These predicaments are endless which makes it extremely satisfying when you get your population to a meager 50-75 citizens or more.  The only downside is I feel like once you get a village to a certain point it is way too easy, however, the game will be mod-able soon and that should bring tons of new options to add onto this already fun game.  At a price of $20 this is a no-brainer.  Not to mention the fact that this game was created by a SINGLE PERSON, it's nice to know that the money is helping support a very talented indie game creator."
,Recommended,242920,10498470,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Goldfish Lobotomy,"I had a town of about 70 people, very farm based society.One school was all it took to destroy it.Some of the farmers became sick and I couldn't disable the school quickly enough to save the people.10/10 Would educate again."
,Recommended,242920,15576423,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Stagtite,"Overall amazing game. Awesome music, calming environment, and simple but nice graphics. Controls are excellent too. The game can get kinda stale after first attempt as the buildings are limited though the Steam Workshop can change that a lot. Definitely recommend! Challenging, calming, and fun."
76561198002352200,Recommended,242920,15604028,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Hoopsey Daisy,"First play, everyone starved. Second play, no one wanted to get jiggy in parents house (or nearby woods), town went into slow decline. 10/10, would recommend to anyone who is both a fan of city building games and a complete sadist."
,Recommended,242920,14739460,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Baker,The game is amazing there is never a dull moment in the game u can farm u can hun basicly do anything but i do wish that there walk like some native tribe on the map or somthing u can trade with that would be an amazing mod idea tho
76561198144934102,Recommended,242920,14981235,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,thejupauction,"Game has a steep learning curve, but massively addicting. Love the built-in mod support. Well worth the $$. Wish they had a co-op/server mode where multiple people can build in the same city, either with shared resources or separate like neighbor cities that can trade, that way I and my wife can play on the same game."
,Recommended,242920,14958672,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ShadowHunter,"Absolutely amazing, and equally peaceful city building / management simulator.Aside from surviving natural disasters, There is no actual combat in the game, no aggression aspect to it.All you can do is sit down, zone out to the chilled-out medieval music in-game and start building / planning away.It's not for everybody, chances are you'll be bored staring at people you can't directly tell what to do / waiting for something to happen. It's all up to what you're looking for in your game. I bought this to be able to zone out without having to go through the intensitivity of simulating combat / any such thing. And that's exactly what it does.I usually start playing this game, and only two or three hours later do I snap out of it, save my game and repeat that process the next best time I feel like doing so.Summarized, it's a great game to play when life is a little rough on you. There's no real stress factor other than you just having to make sure your people have what their little simulated hearts require. :)I'd give Banished a 8/10 it's not perfect, and requires a certain kind of mood/mentality, but when I'm looking to de-stress myself this is the perfect game to do so!"
76561198098799952,Recommended,242920,14976149,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Let Freedom Ring,"Banished is a game that brings back the wholesome warm nostalgic feeling of a traditional computer game while still incorporating all the elements to make it an incredible joy. The simple yet perfect graphics give the game the spot on blend between reality and old fashion computer game. The game has a simple premise of building a bustling town out of nothing but your surroundings, yet has a impressive replay value. There are so many ways to play the game from going completely farm based to living solely off of hunted and fished game. Banished gives you the simple yet perfect freedom to create your own town of misfits and organize a population into something fantastic. For my personal scoring: Replayability: 8/10. / Freedom of choice: 8/10. / Diversity of game play: 7/10. / Overall rating in my opinion: 8/10. Buy the game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,242920,9539307,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,MikeDPad,Lots of fun but striking the right balance is key to prospering for a long time. Reminds me of Stronghold and Age of Empires a bit most likely due to the setting. Do recommend!
,Recommended,242920,15517936,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,hiatustroll,"Over the past week, I've grown to really enjoy this game. It's nothing more than managing the resources available around you to sustain your expanding community. It has a decent replay value due to the village is randomized based on a few guidelines set by the user."
,Recommended,242920,13606503,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Skadi Shroom,"This is an amazing game, somewhere between SimCity and Stronghold. Many hours have been lovingly dedicated to getting my population happy and well fed.The prolific modding and theorycrafting community strongly add to the appeal of this game.Stop reading, buy it and start playing!"
76561198059824367,Recommended,242920,14717405,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Oxiclean,"Less than an hour into the game, and it's one of my favorite simulators of all time. Forget SimCity and EA, if you want a REAL city builder, you need Banished."
,Recommended,242920,10218229,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Shots Of Autism,I enjoyed this game very much it was a very challenging but yet very fun gamethe only downside is that you lose your village to quickley
,Recommended,242920,14353366,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,EightEx,"A very nice casual city building sim, since the dev added mod support it's only gotten better. My fiance isn't really a gamer but I got her this and she has spent days on it, and the kids love it as well. Basically fun for most ages. Can be decently challenging (You may lose your whole population to a disaster!) also casual enough to not put you off. You can play it while doing something else (Chores, what have you) So far I've bought three copies and don't regret it at all."
76561198098771633,Recommended,242920,11922168,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,TheSaltySeaMan3,for some reason i am addicted to this game there are a few things that could be changed but overall i enjoy playing it and look foward to updates
76561198036532370,Recommended,242920,10629115,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,gjnehpets,"Great survival game.  It is harsh and not forgiving, you will loose several towns in the process of learning the mechanics of this game, but you will have a great time doing so.People are your resource, there is no money or war.  You can farm, hunt gather or fish for food while building and designing a town that may occasionally catch on fire or get hit by a tornado.  Multiple achievements allow for strategic play and in the future there should be Mod support.Did I mention this visually amazing game was designed entirely by one person!?"
,Recommended,242920,9239480,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,$hadzi,"♥♥♥♥ing addicting, but cool game to just sit back relax and watch all your people die hours at a time"
76561198062871838,Recommended,242920,12264672,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,James Kain,"It needs a military aspect to the game, otherwise its great sandbox village builder."
76561198067538411,Recommended,242920,13174572,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,petey678,"Banished has a level of detail that is not achieved in many city building simulators.  Unfortunately there is no technology progression like there is in Sim City or other games.  All buildings can be built straight away, with no unlocks after certain milestones or achievments, and no tech trees.  Undoubtedly though, some players will appreciate this.  That being said, there is a great deal of depth to the ways a town can be managed in this game.  Resource balance is paramount, and even the slightest changes can have significant effects in both the short and long term.  This requires an attention to detail by the palyer that I thoroughly enjoy.The underlying mechanics in Bansihed are impressive considereing some games like Sim City and Cities XL can drive a player mad when it screws up seemingly simple mechanics like traffic flow. I have not experienced such frustration with Banished.  Citizens will actually move as close as possible to their work place.  And even as the town's population grows, the underlying mechanics don't get all screwed up like I experience in Sim City for years.I definitely recommend this game."
76561198150474504,Recommended,242920,13257188,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Skylara,"Banished is a great game for those who prefer quiet sim-city like god building.  Once you get into the rythym of building it may seem like a simple game but the achievements... and the odd tornado throw a stick in your plans.  If you are playing banished for the first time it's important to understand that there is no war, its a game based on resources management and juggling in order to expand your population.  I enjoy playing this game and have downloaded a few simple mods from the free store in order to keep things fresh for design possibilities.  If you like sim-city type games, but don't need to raise armies for battle you will also love this game."
76561197986365521,Recommended,242920,9328470,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Diarrhea Cactus,"Old School city sim meets 2014.  Banished is a city simulator set around the medieval period that involves many different aspects from citizen death to baby booms due to mismanaged housing.  Banished is a game that ignored combat (for once) and focuses entirely on economy and managing the social aspect of your game.  In addition, Banished also contains other concepts such as trade with a merchant as well as micromanagement of labor down to the citizen.Just by looking at the screenshots you can tell that the game itself looks quite well for a game in 2014 developed by an indie company.  Other than some citizens walking through solid objects such as stone fences around a cemetary, nothing is really bad here.  Snow, rain, the seasons in general all look great.  Zooming in and out is breeze but the citizens themselves do look a bit bland but who cares?  Graphics do not make a game, gameplay does.The music in this game is second to none when it comes to something enjoyable.  I liked the soft atmosphere and ability to get away from some of the other games out there that keep your heart pumping and your face twitching.  The music is very well done and the sound effects work very well for this game.  The only complaint I have here, is that there needs to be more music since some of the tracks get repetitive.Finally, the gameplay itself.  Think Caesar IV/III without military and money.  You do trade with merchants but it is based off of the goods worth.  You can't stockpile gold to buy resources and you can overpay for items should you feel the need to get rid of some of your stocks without destroying them in the process.  Controls are very easy to learn and the tutorial does an excellent job at explaining the basics but that is about as far as that goes.  My main complaint is that there are many other factors that I had to research or dig deep into the manual to find.  While this isn't a problem, getting past 30 citizens will require some knowledge on yourt part about this game.  For instance, I never knew that houses need two people to procriate.  If the house is filled, no babies are born.  So keep that in mind when you play this game or if you play this game!  There are other small nuances about the game that you learn over time such as your cattle/chickens/sheep.  You need to buy these from a merchant before you can actually use them (unless you are on easy).  It is these things that make the game better in my opinion though and makes this adventure worth playing.  The random map seeds for the game are also outstanding.  Sometimes you get ♥♥♥♥ed and other times you are sitting in the middle of a vast field in the valley that rocks.  Again, keep in mind, clearing forests only as necessary, it seems as though herbs grow mainly in the old forests, not regrown ones!So, advanced mechanics to a point that it isn't rediculous combined with pleasing music and great graphical effects make this game great for twenty dollars.  Other games similar cost substantially more when they were new and don't offer the same replayability this game does.  While multiplayer is not required, it is something I would like to see in the future.  Maybe leaderboards only or a way to connect you and a players towns together for trade in much the same way you trade with the ship that comes by every so often.  Then again, keep it single player!  Nothing wrong with the game in it's current state.  I highly recommend trying this game out, twenty isn't to much to ask for hours of fun.  Especially since my general rule is one hour per dollar spent on a game means I got my moneys worth.  So go ahead, give it a shot!"
,Recommended,242920,13037101,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,2Pac-Man,"We've all played Sim City and Tropico, but this citybuilder stands apart. Instead of an amazing metropolis, this game takes it back to the 17th century. Build your town from scratch with nothing more than a cart of supplies and a few people. Don't forget to visit the Workshop and pick up the mod to make it 18th century colonial America. Great citybuilder sim, 5stars"
,Recommended,242920,12040238,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Gruagach,"You either live long enough to see your villagers get crushed by rocks or die of old age.Or you starve at the first winter.Either way, it's a great game all around if you're into a more ""Peaceful"" City survival kind of deal. Though mother nature still has it out for you and that old hag control how cold it gets so don't make her mad."
76561198059303088,Recommended,242920,10813669,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jacknaven,Awesome awesome game. Really enjoyed the whole survivial aspect to the game. The little details in this game is what make sit great.
,Recommended,242920,13112523,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,WTBS MAYWest,"Needs a few tries to get a hold of it at first.Hard to get you going.Challenging to play, but the very reason why it is fun.Low replayability when you get your town under control. (unless you chase achievements)A must-have for city-builder lovers who want a different approch.Buy it while it's on sale!!"
76561198012770378,Recommended,242920,9211415,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Lazerus123,"Thank You for making this game! I haven't had a game that gave me the ""Compulsion"" to play like this since Skyrim :)27hrs in....likely 100's to go :)"
,Recommended,242920,13034509,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Guinea Pirate,"Sim City meets Oregon TrailBanished is like your typical city-builder, except for one minor detail. Anything and everything you do will get your people killed. Build your town too quickly, and people will starve to death...or freeze to death during the winter. Build too slowly, and people will die of old age, and your population will collapse. But wait - there's more! People can die from getting crushed while digging up rock. They can drown while fishing. They can die during childbirth. They can get horrible diseases or die in some other horrific disaster. Your town can burn down. Your crops can freeze and get diseased. Basically, everything you ever loved about Oregon Trail is now reincarnated in the best city-builder ever.10/10"
76561197981798584,Recommended,242920,9295677,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Tetsuo,"Maybe the best ""one man made"" game! It's hard as F**k!After many Indie, Alpha, Early Access Games i can just say this game is worth its money."
76561198030531889,Recommended,242920,9205197,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,TekKNOW,"A very relaxing and enjoyable city building game that provides a great challenge to long time fans of the genre. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes to build/create including fans of Prison Architect, SimCity, Tropico etc. Furthermore the game can provide a great deal of challenge even to simulation game veterans."
,Recommended,242920,13799528,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,"Rain Drop, Drop Top, I only AWP",Worth it if it discounted.Very limited gameplay but fun for a few hours
,Recommended,242920,10545447,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,dammit nermal,The best city builder I've played in ages. 10/10
,Recommended,242920,13657678,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,tmac,"I guided my people though many years of growth and happiness. After several generations of potato farmers, a lucky trade resulted in peach tree seeds. Our orchards were just beginning to yield fruit, with which we could start brewing peach ale!  Then, I had a tools shortage one season because I had iron surplus stored in the trading dock, and tried to build too much at once. That had a negative effect on crop yields (fewer tools), which were only just keeping up with my booming population anyway. The next several years were a slow downward spiral, as the farmers, hunters, gatherers, and their children all slowly died of starvation, each year producing less food for everyone else as there were fewer workers. Almost turned it around by clearing out food reserves, but the winter had set in, slowing down everything. Not enough woodcutters for firewood, or laborers in general. My people either starved or froze to death until no one was left, leaving a sad,empty town. No more picks clinking or trees falling or axes chopping, just the sound of the wind. Total and absoute despair. 10/10. Can't wait to try again."
76561197999793781,Recommended,242920,13275480,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Pantsdude,This game is a highly addictive great little city builder game.Could be improved with multi-player trading etc and more building types
,Recommended,242920,13669383,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,PuppyLove2413,Great city builder/survival game. Very challenging and fun! Much better than other city builders *cough* simcity *cough*
,Recommended,242920,13685992,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Spencer Adams,"Libertie spent all day, every day, collecting food for the rest of the village. She worked until her fingers were numb and bleeding, but never ceased in her quest to provide for the other townsfolk. When the food began to run out, Libertie worked even harder, foregoing her own meals in order to provide more and more for the older and younger members of her fledgeling community. Libertie worked harder and harder, and got thinner and thinner, starving herself in order to put more food into the mouths of others. Then, one day, out in the forest with no-one but the birds to witness her selfless work, Libertie's body simply gave up. She died of starvation, while gathering food.10/10Will play again."
,Recommended,242920,13655132,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,pancakewizard,"Fun to play but don't AFK because you'll come back to a dead village :(But in all seriousness, it's a fun game with a good amount of detail built in with a nice soundtrack. If you like RTS that aren't  instant wins and make you work for it, Banish is the one."
,Recommended,242920,9188923,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Ertik,"Banished is a great game, it gives you a challange even on easy. Great Graphics and very easy to figure out. However, the game is really time consuming (which is not that bad for some games, like this one)."
,Recommended,242920,9227685,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Flush Pocket,"I love this game. It has the best parts from my favourite games such as Stronghold, SimCity, Towns, Skyrim (the scenery), and even real life living in New Zealand (never enough fish in the river). I highly recommend this game as a step in the right direction away from combat simulators and base defenses.The visuals really come to life throughout the seasons. Build the houses tight like apartment blocks and feel the bustle of a dense township. Keep a bit of space between houses and enjoy that 'Riverwood' feel of trees dotting the roadsides.Build 3 houses at once to get population boost, then in 3 seasons run out of food to feed all the little mouths that won't be old enough to work the fields (or mines) until they're 11 years old.Control your growth by keeping things small and simple, or let expansion take you over as you struggle to feed and clothe an ever sprawling metropolis. Always start again and enjoy the way your first citezins walk around chopping down those first trees and building their first homes.Also a big shout out to Sips for a sterling playthrough of this game."
,Recommended,242920,13685277,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MENTRA,A really nice game
,Recommended,242920,13749457,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Blackyis,"Loving this game, so challenging to get all the mixes right to get your village thriving"
,Recommended,242920,13750553,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,frozen,Best 7$ I ever spent.
76561198165645605,Recommended,242920,13718130,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,LosVerdes,bra spel
,Recommended,242920,10327785,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Stonkko #MONNIWON,"Good, but its really hard to start out. i havent realised the idea and the plot behind this game yet, this needs a guide in-game."
76561198031118329,Recommended,242920,13722307,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,dipodomys_ordii,"You will kill everyone a few times before you start to get the hang of it.  I was able to get a population of almost 175, only to realize that I had not prepared for a population boom that big.  Everyone starved.  Still, it is a fun game."
76561198027792639,Recommended,242920,13777729,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Battler,"Survival in Banished requires a good plan.    The plan (After a few re starts) is:Each winter I employ my builders and labourers on town jobs, hold a planning meeting and lay out new buildings for the next year(s).    In spring we scatter, get the food and resources required to survive another winter and ever so slowly expand into new buildings.    A sound plan until the chicken disaster of year 15.I scrimped and saved for a trade depot, waited; storing venison for trade until my first trader, a chicken wrangler came by.   I sold all my leather jackets and tools to buy 5 chickens.  (He wouldn’t take venison or negotiate to let me have 6 chickens,  I should have known he was up to no good.)   By the time I walked the chickens to their hand crafted coop, cut from the forest with blood sweat and tears, all but one chicken was dead.    No refund or legal debate about the health of chickens when sold, the trader and his canoe were long gone.Buying this one chicken meant I risked freezing to death, to mine iron and quarry stone with bare hands.    I also had a dilemma, eat the chicken or look after it until I could trade for a little chicken mate.    I kept the rooster (not even an egg in return) alive for years; it died a virgin before I could eat it.   Not my finest hour.   I’ll try sheep next or farm plums as a last resort.I thought the game would become frustrating, but after 80 hours it is still a well-balanced challenge.    It is very slow paced, but good use of the speed button means that you feel rewarded when you do advance e.g. when you  get the first child into your new school house.   You need to expect less than well-polished graphics and the sound effects are repetitive.   BUT:  The gameplay makes up for it and it is very good value for $10.  The modding community are alive and well and I think this game will develop a large following.   You can’t go wrong buying this game.  Score 7/10 and 10/10 Value for Money."
76561197980923448,Recommended,242920,13323815,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,chickenhawk,"I recommend the game if you like builder sims.   If you played Dawn Of Discovery and prefer to have no combat, this might be for you.  It has a calming charm to it.  For me, is a relaxing game where I take my  time, steadily building my expansion plans.Learning how to keep a civilization growing steady and healthy is not difficult once you learn how to use your town hall.  If you require a deep and difficult game to master (like Sid's Civilization), then this game might not be for you.I praise the game's style, pace of play, encouragment for you to experiment, and generally understandable AI (not to say they are always doing the smartest things, but you start to learn how it behaves and can adapt how you play to it).I think the game could have done better in providing more difficult options, and longer term goals.  In 100 hours of play, I have never seen a disaster that was more than a minor irritation - it never put my citizens in risk of losing most of its population.   I would have also liked to seen some expensive, hard to achieve super structures, like a large cathedral, mega storage warehouses, and universities.   I think the choice to keep it simple has some charm, but some tech tree or building upgrades would be nice (e.g. hunter shack to hunter hut to hunter cabin to hunter lodge - each with larger range, number of assignable workers, and productivity.   Why can't people live in a hunter cabin, anyway ;)"
76561198007470637,Recommended,242920,9840605,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Batsi,A great city building game! Looks like stronghold (got peacefull) and simcity had a baby
,Recommended,242920,13784857,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kaiser Mikael,"Very early in my playing of this, I decided my people could use a tavern for some nice home brews. However, what I didn't realize is that my resource production team was a bit crap and couldn't handle the big building. So, with the tavern requiring so many resources such as WOOD for FIREWOOD, I discovered the woodcutter wasn't getting any input for fuel making. Yeah, when winter rolled around, I began to panic. Because INSTANTLY 29 people SIMULTANEOUSLY froze to death.Reload the save, don't place the tavern, and everyone lives happily and not a soul is lost.The only game where placing a tavern can lead to mass death from freezing to death."
76561198125795303,Recommended,242920,14970937,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Herk,"Love this game. Seems easy, until you fail."
76561198075878262,Recommended,242920,14970930,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,twiggie,"After 120+ hours and all the achievements, I still don't feel finished with this game. It's challenging until you get the hang of it, which just makes your first successful village feel more rewarding. If the base game gets repetitive (because let's face it, it kind of does after a while), there are lots of great mods that make the game feel like new again."
,Recommended,242920,9889104,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Garnaph,"134h later, I can't find anything wrong with this game. Every time you think something is ""broken"", it turns out it's a complex game mechanic you didn't account for. This game is a superb challege, and a work of art, considering it was all written by a single person. Worth way more than the $19.99 I paid for it.edit : 184h. All acheivements unlocked. Decent challenge, but now I want more! :)"
76561198024340604,Recommended,242920,11307565,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,charlie.fats,"As addictive and rewarding as the Civilization series.On the flipside , it can also be really frustruating.  There is no difficulty degree in this game, it's all or nothing, couple that with the fact the game itself doesn't have any precise 'instructions' ( when people get unhappy, you can't be exactly sure why, you need to investigate by observving the peoples behavior.  Are they sick ?  Are they tired of eating only cabbage ?  Do they want Ale or Jesus ?  It's a best guess ) and becomes a very challenging game.But it is incredibly rewarding.  You really start to get invested in your little villagers.  You want them to  be happy and to do well.  Or sometimes you want them to die already so a younger couple can move into there house and start to reproduce.  Or you just don't like them because there unhappy all the time, and WTF Jill die already so I can bring my happiness back up.A rare and beautiful game, I search for games like these and get lucky if I can find one of them every 2 years or so."
,Recommended,242920,9273260,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Mr Feudal,"This is a fantastic game, I love it too bits. It's always challenging you to manage your resources and makes you come into hte game with a game plan. you can't simply waltz into this game without having to think about how you'll produce food in the winter, if you're firewood supplies will last until hte following year or even if you have decent tradable goods to recieve things like crop seeds and live stock!Absolutely brilliant game, I love how everything effects citizens! If you dont have a graveyard you're citizens get sad as they struggle to remember their loved ones. Erecting a Town hall to show Cenus details adn tells you what you can do to possibly improve diets and life span!I did at the start think this game as a little like Anno but it's far from it, no boundries, no need to erect spefici building to build in a new area. All you do is slam a few food production/resource production buildings down and up the speed to x10 and watch the little guys go to work.I love how labourers can take up work from those who get killed or die of natural causes, so it automatically assigns people incase you miss the notification!I would however, really like this game to blast off and produce challenging maps instead of the Valleys and Mountains, maybe you could have grasslands with little wood and rely of foresters to plant trees and trade! Black forests with little streams and the one lake or Fyord out of reach of your current postion, until you cna gain enough goods to actually venture to it.Overall I love this game, I would recommend any Simcity or City building player to buy and play this game. You won't be disappointed!"
76561198031794094,Recommended,242920,16279459,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Arithia,"I have to respect that this game was a labor of love, built from the ground up. The AI is a little wonky, but takes on a metagame in and of itself as you plan the best roads and town layouts to ensure your minions are toiling away effeciently.If the base game seems too dull for you, there are fantastic mods that add far more settings and play options. The various start conditions in certain mods even allow for some decent role play experience.All in all, VERY worth the price of the game."
76561198058485266,Recommended,242920,10840324,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Liberal arts degree,"I have played multiple Build-your-city-simulator kind of game but this one clearly steps out of the bunch.The game is absolutely gorgeous, but it takes a good computer to take advantage of that so make sure you can run it adequately and you'll be taken aback by its sheer beauty.The gameplay is fun and well-done but it is not beginner-friendly. Takes a little while to have the hang of it but once you do it's a whole lot of fun.So is it worth the price to send your vilagers collect rocks 148.73 miles away from your village?Yes, yes it is."
,Recommended,242920,14251008,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,StarCatherus1,A great world builder. Its as realistic and cruel as real life can be sometimes.
,Recommended,242920,13629002,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,NightBlood,Great strategy survival game
76561198021564920,Recommended,242920,14865717,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,HotJohnStockton,This game is a lot of fun. More complex than it seems on its face and every map holds different challenges.
76561198083830254,Recommended,242920,14680712,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Astronomic,"Banished is a super fun city building game in which you start with a few houses and a storage area, and you have to lead your people through harsh weather, food shortages, disasters, and more as you try and grow your population. It is pretty challenging at first, but with practice, you can turn your encampment into a city. There are also plenty of control options which allow you to assign certain people to certain jobs, see graphs, trade, choose crops, and more.Great for anyone who enjoys strategy and city building games.9/10 would survive another winter again."
76561198039728212,Recommended,242920,15035662,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Deranged Monkeys,"Lots of fun and not as micromanagement hell as other sims. The Colonial Charter (Excellent Adventure) is really necessary for full play and makes this fun. Rather than boring research or technology trees, you have to build interconnected supply and production chains.  Using CC, to make a saw mill, you need steel tools. To get steel tools you need a coal mine and you need to upgrade a blacksmith. To upgrade a black smith you need a brick maker. A brick maker requires a shore house. An advanced economy is a complex economy. There are many other technology routes that can be taken or explored, while ignoring others. What you can't build out can buy from traders. I'm going to gift this game to some kids next Christmas who'll love it -- and unwittingly introduce them to ""economic geography""."
76561198075576774,Recommended,242920,19599177,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Szamer,"""A beautiful city builder with a hard struggle for survival.""Watch my review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64uPt8Q4tA0"
76561198072007434,Recommended,242920,19663683,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,✪ Universe,Its age of empires without the fighting basically.
76561198011335078,Recommended,242920,19670240,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,STOGGY RETURNS,Its a good game until you get close to end game. It fights you on ending the game successful. Some of that could just to large population mechanics breaking down.
76561198016003466,Recommended,242920,19562783,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,__,a distillation and simplification of the god game. thoroughly interesting. i only wish i was more patient that i could stand to play more often as the simplified concept can tire after extended play.
76561198045514835,Recommended,242920,19589654,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sassbre,"Good fun.If you like a building game with an economic balance strategy system this is the game for you. Its non competitive theres no real enemies or much goals beyond what you create for yourself however the management decisions are enough to keep you on your toes and entertained for a while, as you grow the challenge gets more difficult to feed, clothe and keep warm 100's of villagers.Season cycles add element needing to survive the winter freeze/lack of food, keeping a steady resource production throughout the game to ensure expansion."
76561198043632671,Recommended,242920,19638722,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,tgree69,"Well I guess it is that time.. I don't write many reviews because I find most games are mediocre now a days, so without anything meaningful to add, whats the point? Not the case with Banished! This is in my top five in a couple of categories-Value: At $20.00 US I really can't think of a game with better bang for my buck. There are of course, I am sure, but for me easily top 5. Replayability is very high due to the excellent game mechanics and the Modding. Black Liquid Mod teamColonial Charteris the Boss. Just saying!City builder: I have played them all. Yes Older Sim city and newer, say Skylines and City in Motion, are awesome in their own right, but you don't get the thrill of survival mixed in like with Banished. Granted two totally different types of gamesand I play both depending on my mood but make no mistake, Banished can hang with the very best of them.To sum it up I am an old school City builder and RTS game player who has 130 hrs into this game so far, many more to come, and just want to make sure that if I can talk one person into trying out this game for 20 bucks, I am good with that."
76561198121831096,Recommended,242920,19644836,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Duallie,Family Starving fun for everyone!
,Recommended,242920,19658170,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,F1R3STR1K3,"This is my favorite middle-earth strategy game of all time as of this moment, and I truly believe it has its competitors outclassed. There is a plethora of management and strategy involved in this game that is so dynamic and pleasingly awesome that it makes me want to cry and praise the Norse gods for delivering this piece of heaven to us. Not to mention that visually the game is quite appealing and there is a great mod community developing cooler things every day I get on here! DEFINITELY worth the buy."
76561198027083929,Recommended,242920,19658273,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Sammy West,"Kinda dry for a city builder. Its not bad, but not really much to it. The problem is the food sources are tough to manage."
,Recommended,242920,19662852,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SadisticSloth,If you can get the Town achievement then you have way to much time on your hands!
,Recommended,242920,19685039,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,[FeC] Towik,"It's a decent gameI have trouble getting above 50 population but that's just because i jumped right into it ...anyway , It's worth the price tagonly cons i can see is minor visual bugs like trader going throught Bridges but thats just visualRemember to play the tutorials or check proper youtube channels ,cause there is a lot of empty-headed noobs out there that will waste your time on watching their videos/Tuts"
76561198151498835,Recommended,242920,19685612,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Qi Synergy,"Awesome game! I started over about 10 times because I couldn't find my balance and my towns weren't sustainable.. I didn't mind at all. You can install mods right from the game, which makes the game more enjoyable at the present moment..My favorite thing about this game is I can let it play while I do other things. If you like town builders, I definitely recommend this game."
76561198067071587,Recommended,242920,19700817,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,tony_ulrich,Fun and challenging. There are constant twists and turns that keep you engaged.
,Recommended,242920,19693138,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kristoffer,"A beautiful score complements the tranquil greens of a settler's life.It won't last you as long as many other builders, but it's well worth the price tag.It lacks depth and transparency some might be accustomed to, but a satisfying game nonetheless."
76561198202527884,Recommended,242920,19701067,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Recks,"most creative,fun educational basebuilder on the steam store"
76561198060779562,Recommended,242920,13652587,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TobacJack,"This is a GREAT game! It is pretty easy to get sucked into this game. The game runs really smooth, the menu/HUD is great and pretty easy to learn. 9/10 After modding became available, this game is a must have game if youre into anything simular to this game!Cons:The game could get boring pretty quickly because it doesnt have alot of replayabilty after you have made the city you want or killed every citizen trying to build one... ( now that modding is available, this isnt a problem)There is alot of different ways to play the game, but all of them seems quite simular to eachother...Pros:Thankfully Modding is now available, so that makes the replay value SO much better!Make it easier or harder for you by just downloading mods.The game mechanics are great!The menu is the best ive ever seen. Its easy to get the hang of and easy to remember.Its easy for those who wants it to be easy, but also hard for those who wants it to be hard.A HUGE thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,242920,19668934,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,nichdel,"Content: 4/5 - A great entry in its genre, but nothing amazing.Quality: 5/5 - No noticed bugs, excellent interface.Overall: 8/10 (I rate games at most 2x the content rating, because content is more important than quality)What I Would Pay: $10A citybuilder with a somewhat limited but very well done feature set. The few bells and whistles that exist (a very customizable interface) are excellent. Overall it sacrifices depth of content for perfection of the content that it delivers."
76561198074568174,Recommended,242920,19695688,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,jennifer.c.n.d,"This game is definitely worth buying.  I loved it in its original form, but honestly the additions from Steam Workshop bring so much new content that it feels like a brand new game every time I subscribe to a new mod.  One of my favorite games."
,Recommended,242920,19708113,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,GottaHuntSecrets,"Such an amazing game, especially since it was made by a single developer. Definitely recommend if you're into simulation games."
,Recommended,242920,19708528,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ravel,It's cuteIt's funIt's the plague!Banished is a fun game to tinker around with and watch settlers try their best to thrive in a bountiful land.
76561198095731512,Recommended,242920,9308337,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,okurtcovana,"This is A relaxing game and for the price and download size is a great buy but, of you don't like city builders then you most likey Won't like this game. Otherwise great game."
76561197972847005,Recommended,242920,9310277,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,[MEG]Talyan,"This is by far the best citybuilding game I have ever played. You really have to think ahead and plan everything. Including childbirth and death. If your population booms too fast and the balance between children and adults gets out of whack everyone dies.It's brutal and unforgiving, reminiscant of the poem ''For whom the bell tolls'' Only one unplanned death will throw you back years. I love it!"
76561198008619731,Recommended,242920,24851801,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dan_C23,Neo-communism utopia simulator 2016.8/10 - Would be better with a corrupt oppressive dictator.
,Recommended,242920,9264644,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Patches,"Alright, the game is pretty damn good, but it still feels a little incomplete to me... but, for the price that's not much of a complaint. The game seems hard at first, but that's because there's a few traps you can fall into. If you avoid crops and livestock early on (focusing on fishing, gather, and hunting) then you should do just fine. Along with food, you'll find that tools are incredibly important, so don't let either of those things run out. From there it's just an inverse difficulty curve, once you get passed the early part the game gets much easier.Anyway, it's a solid game that is a bit reminiscent of the old Sim City games, where failure was a possibility, although not quite as deep. Hopefully we'll see some more updates to this game."
76561198052571355,Recommended,242920,10599597,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Aethelwolfe,Awesome game.  Great in depth city builder and not harsh on micromanagement.
,Recommended,242920,9369329,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Firebeard,What is this game made out of?! CRACK?!?
,Recommended,242920,11891551,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,unicorn,i played this for 12 hours straight
,Recommended,242920,12000860,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,padrino86,"Very unique 'city builder' type of game in a different era and I have seen very very few bugs, have had no problems with crash but for some reasons the game just isn't addicting. It quickly gets boring after a few hours, unfortunately. It's probable due to the lack of things to do past a certain point. Game is good and stable, but boring after 15-20 hours. Considering the price though, I would say it's worth giving it a shot."
76561198021742126,Recommended,242920,11864098,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,shooki88,"I really enjoyed the fact that this game can, at times, be very infuriatingly difficult to survive in based on the perticular seed generated randomly at the beginning of a city.  This, to me at any rate, shows a level of detail specific attention that the developers took into account making the game that much more dynamic.  If you like games that are very easy to pick up but difficult to master based on the way you normally play a game, then this is for you!"
76561198127528594,Recommended,242920,10657020,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,dimensionthirteen13,I can see myself dying and dying often. I still think this game is worth a shot. I've had fun so far and enjoyed myself. Its a tricky game but it is worth the time.
76561198043327590,Recommended,242920,9203988,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Strains,"Awesome, city survival, this is what my itch has been about my entire life, been addicted since yesterday and played 20 hours allready, must force sleep :D"
76561198078400770,Recommended,242920,11872994,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,GrissilyBare,Wonderfully cathartic and relaxing...until disaster strikes and it gives you a panic attack. I love it!
76561198085661693,Recommended,242920,10427714,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,✟Guardian1996☭,A well-balanced strategic city-builder game containing the core part of the genre. Worth playing.
,Recommended,242920,11049009,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,FlyingDisc17,A beautiful game about finding balance.
76561198080117033,Recommended,242920,11086222,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,A Trained Chimpanzee,"Very fun and well made game, Its looks and plays great however after about 10 hours I have done almost everything you can do, I can imagine this game being amazing when the modding comunity heats up or when there are a few more major updates.If you are thinking of buying this I would hold back a bit... Wait for it to be on sale or for new things to be added.Summary: Very good, fun game however can get boring a few hours in   8.5/10"
,Recommended,242920,11091907,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,SammyROCK,"Pretty harsh, logical and agonizing gameplay, you don't just manage the people, you feel a part of it.Every mistake you make comes back to you, food may run out, firewood may run out, people may die working and when things go bad you'll see and feel every single death of your citizens.Takes some time to make the city properly, but when you do you definetly achieve something.This game has stolen several hours of my life and I regret nothing."
,Recommended,242920,10850706,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Wesside,"This game definitely feels like the game I've wanted for years.  It's being made by one man, so things ""feel"" like they're updated slowly (which is entirely expected), but all in all I am happy with the purchase.The Dev is open and honest and does give fairly regular updates."
,Recommended,242920,10966606,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mike,accidentaly bought this because i got the name mixed up with another game my friend was babbling about that also allowed you to make your own village...now i need to figure out how to survive winter first so i can gloat. 10$ well spent #crops
,Recommended,242920,9801925,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Skully,I think the hype leads you to think its better than it is. However it is enjoyable and at $20 very good value for money. When you compare it to recent releases of early access alphas and supposedly gold releases it is head and shoulders above most games from the last year in terms of:Lack of bugsInteresting gampleplayOriginalityAlso something to note. The positive reviews have a decent amount of gameplay hours. I am always sceptical of positive reviews with less than 10 game hours.I would recommend it to my friends who like strategy games.
,Recommended,242920,10850445,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Silva,"This game is awesome! I'm not the ""City-Builder"" kind of player, but the survival aspect of the game made me buy this game. It's hard, but trulu enjoyable! It's a must have!"
76561198083049304,Recommended,242920,32947666,Posted: 28 June,all,Negativproton,"For what it's worth it's pretty fun, but falls off with the ""end game"""
,Recommended,242920,32993957,Posted: 29 June,all,OH_u_DEAD,one of the best city building games on steam.
,Recommended,242920,33063991,Posted: 30 June,all,Lisugh,Get's frustrating and slow a lot but still fun.
,Recommended,242920,33094387,Posted: 1 July,all,Addy,If you like management games then this is a must-have! The start of the game is a little slow and you kind of need to crack the code on what you need to add first unless you want half your population to die before the second summer. Once you got a steady supply of things it's a lovely game to sink hours into while expanding and reshaping the city.
,Recommended,242920,33093862,Posted: 1 July,all,ArcticFox__ 👻,"i really like this game, i saw Syrkaz play it so i decided that i have to buy it ! but its kinda hard when you don't know anything about it. my villages died in 10 years because villagers starved to death lol"
,Recommended,242920,10849120,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Archtype,"Pure 100% city builder. Getting through the first in game year was the most fun I have had in a city builder. It is nice to see a game with some challenge to it. Trying to feed, cloth, trade, expand and generally keep your town moving is a real challenge."
,Recommended,242920,11076658,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Thundy(bday 8days),"If you love building games then this building game(which is commending people) is the game it is fun its biscally survivle of a group of people who were exhale. Assigh workers,builders, and doctors. There are even dasiters on this game. Banished is great game try it out for your self"
76561198309702696,Recommended,242920,33106952,Posted: 1 July,all,TurtleSenseiVt,Amazing game with expansive mods.
76561198070964864,Not Recommended,242920,12921392,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sniper,"I tried the game and got bored... simply to say, the main features of game is planning and waiting, not something I enjoy. If you do not plan well, you have trouble with limited options to solve it. Also some absence of logic (workers are cleaning area of contruction of trees, drag them to nearest stockpile and then drag them back as material.... stupid) and ability to set priorities or give quite specific task to specific persons (so I often see that wroker from left go to gather resources to right and in the same time another from right go to gather on left). This problems are minor, but the game do not have any other big idea, something I would like to achieve or do... so I hope I will make better purchase next time."
,Recommended,242920,31877331,Posted: 21 May,all,Xanyi,Took 30 hours to get to 150 people. Would do it again.
76561198052269899,Recommended,242920,32961349,Posted: 28 June,all,Bamfigms,"Banished is an odd little game. There's not much of a goal to it, aside from stabillizing your settlement. You can grow it larger and larger, but the entire challenge and sole enemy of the game is keeping your fed and clothed in the winter months. Once you hit that balance and learn how to keep it, there's not much left to the game.The graphics in the game aren't bad on higher settings, and the music is nice. It's a fun game to kill some time with, but will rarely pull you in after you learn how to play it.The game feels slightly unfinished, and it appears the developers have abandoned it. Here's hoping they come back and add to this very good base."
,Recommended,242920,33055516,Posted: 30 June,all,BetaTekt,"Very fun, simple, yet surprisingly challenging game!I am always very impressed with Banished whenever I play the game, it is something I can keep coming back to for a nice casual game to play. If you haven't purchased the game, I highly urge you do so if you like a relaxing game, and also enjoy city builders!"
,Recommended,242920,14107296,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jearbear,"Sometimes simplicity is the best. In this top down RTS style village simulation you build up a thriving metropolis from a few tattered houses and equally tattered villagers. Despite the game being a seemingly endless period of farming, collecting, road building, and people dying in the winter, it's a lot of fun and proves to be rather addicting. If you have longed to play a version of farmville that has a little more of an actual measure of gameplay I can do nothing but recomend this simple yet stunningly entertaining game.Overall Rating: 7/10"
76561198279026466,Recommended,242920,33149407,Posted: 2 July,all,SunnyZweiPunktNull,Such a nice game :)
,Recommended,242920,32965008,Posted: 28 June,all,Player.Erik(),"Banished is a very good game. I think it is brilliant fun, and well designed. The game has a nice challenge to it, and does a great job of allowing me to build interesting towns. My one issue with the game is that it doesn't have native Linux support."
,Recommended,242920,32975672,Posted: 28 June,all,issac1709,Great indie game about building a city in the medival era. Would recommend
,Recommended,242920,12226869,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,icbat,"It's a city builder that focuses more on the people than the buildings. People come and go in generations, and dealing with a constantly ebbing and flowing population leads to interesting decisions and planning. It leads to hard years and atypically profitable years."
76561198274495111,Recommended,242920,33046135,Posted: 30 June,all,Drakken | Ahelpfulhand,"For $5.00 this is a beautiful game. I would buy for $15 maybe $20. Everything listed below is my personal opinion.Pros:Great visualsyou can see what everyone is doingYou can see age of your people so you can know when they are almost ready to work/dieChallenging so it really doesn't get boring all that fastReal time strategyWell made the dev/s clearly know what he/she or they are doing.Almost no glitches.Cons:When you tell a merchant to leave sometimes the symbol will be there saying that there is still a merchant when there is notI wish there could be more buildings not that there aren't already a lot but more would be coolQuestions please answer theseHow do I get my population to grow I can get it up to 30 and then my people just slow down reproduction then I can never get it above 25, I made a chappel so people are happy and I have a lot of firewood so I don't know what the problem is.What is the best strategy when it comes to resources should I have everyone become a laborer and go take down a part of the forest or build resource tiles.Overall I give this game a 9/10 its a fantastic game."
76561198027248663,Recommended,242920,33150754,Posted: 2 July,all,Dr. Detergentdick,"Fun, but needs mods to keep it interesting."
76561198069132760,Recommended,242920,16832367,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Peatus,lorax simulator 2015
76561197973792989,Recommended,242920,9358831,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Gallipolopoli,Amazing
,Recommended,242920,9253619,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Microsoft Powerpoint,"Amazing 20,000 thumbs up."
76561198015175195,Recommended,242920,9689758,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,[TGI] theZelto,"Riktigt skönt, riktigt avslappnande. Riktigt skoj!"
,Recommended,242920,10922438,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Junkstapose,"Spent hours building a sprawling collection of towns.  Hundreds of citizens, plenty of food and resources, then all of a sudden a TORNADO leveled a third of the map... It was awesome.  The citizens of Butt-topia will rebuild!"
76561198047375218,Recommended,242920,9539811,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,hobopag1,I really enjoy this game. Would be nice to have some wild animals walking around. I can wait to see how big my village can get
,Recommended,242920,10921573,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,WarScribe,"Really fun sandbox/city builder. Everything in this game boils down to survival, forget how much money you have, you can't buy your way out of trouble in this game. Bad harvest and your food stocks have run low, winter setting in?....tough, some people will probably starve, which mean less help with next years harvest, or perhaps no one to go hunting next spring.It's all about the people in this game, to be sucessful you have to help them survive grow food, raise livestock, build homes, educate them, assign jobs (which is actually done a nice dynamic fashion rather than per specific person)In essence, what are a bunch of simple mechanics and a seemingly easy task when you don't have to worry about money, actually blends together fantastically well into fun to play, easy to learn, hard to master game"
76561197992614060,Recommended,242920,12882913,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SILVER BULLET,"Great time waster . having to maintain a town from very little to very big is some what testing at times , I have to say the town looks much bigger then the population ( ex: 100 population = 25 homes at least ) the food and minning seem to be the hardest you have to have a lot of food , and mining is slow to come from the beginning ...The other big factor is clothing , the warm clothing is the way to go and also with tools try to get steel as quickly as possible ( requires mine because of coal ) . its good to have a few hunter cabins and gathers right from the beginning ...Over all its a great time waster like i said , ...There is no goalJust keep building and keep up the food and wood and mining , grab some nomads when you can , build some homes and increase food and make them miners....Traders can save your life if food gets to low as well , saved me once ....have high value items to trade so you can buy food at a low price , coats are worth the most to sell ...Keep a well stocked trading post with food and supplies when you can , not for selling but for restocking your supplies incase anything happens , all you have to do is put the stock back in the general population and instant supplies until you figure out what to do about what went wrong , lol/..."
,Recommended,242920,12959399,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,VanDamn,"Great game, replay value, much potential."
,Recommended,242920,12826336,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Caveman,Amazing RTS city building game. Loving it every game I start
,Recommended,242920,11176602,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,dogtow,i like this game alot it is a cool survival city building game and different strategies76 % of achievements done so far :o) weeeeeee :o) more to go and i'm sure challanging :o)i recomend this game :o)wish there was multiplayer but it is great i don't get to many single player but this 1 is cool :o) enjoy :o)
,Recommended,242920,11530165,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ArtMatters,"Addictive and well made. Going for achievements or personal goals is almost neccessary though, because they game does not have much of a motive for achieving certain things. Would not recommend for people that are newer to the game type."
,Recommended,242920,10917426,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Crim,"This game is challenging to day the least, but it's also one of the best ""city"" builder games I have ever played. Even on easy it's surprisingly difficult just to service a few years when just starting out, but once you get the general basics down everything seems to flow... right up till sudden starvation, cold, or loss of all tools happens because you over look one tiny detail and 90% of your populous dies off. That however is not a complaint about the game, it's just something you have to overcome and when you do build back up the feeling of accomplishment is really quite wonderful.My only real complaint about the game is the bad luck I get with disasters. Supposedly tornadoes are rare in the world, but the first 3 worlds a created each had tornadoes within the first 2 years, the first of which killed all but 4 people. But again, that was more bad luck and another chance to just start over from stratch than a real issue with the game."
76561198045720494,Recommended,242920,9205454,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,keith7456,Very well made game! Lots of Fun.
76561198028774623,Recommended,242920,11670071,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,unshavenm0nkey,"Difficult to put what catagory id personally put this game without changeing the catagory of most other city small settlement games, since there is no fighting bad guys at all.  so all you do is expand a small settlement litrally. Great game, great visuals, decent difficuilty, and a few nice touches.After playing it for a few days, i would honestly say that its a decent ""first step"", as scope for expanding the game play is massive.  and with upcoming? dev support this will most possibly happen.Main tip: Plan aheadI like it, the wife likes it.  so all in all top game"
76561198024847695,Recommended,242920,11284259,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sunny,"A peaceful city builder with clever balancing and where every decision you make has a consequence...which you may not see straight away. It's addictive, has great details, is challenging and really makes you think. Very glad I bought it! The community is also very friendly and willing to help, there are some great videos and a brilliant help thread."
76561198065432709,Recommended,242920,11645356,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,KittenParade,"Awesome city builder, can be very hard. For example, all my people are starving and freezing to death, with everyone on farm duty the only teacher my village could spare is a 5 year, and since there's no one to spare as a tailer, my 5 year old teacher is a naked 5 year old teacher. 60 and 70 year olds are getting married to kids who are 14 and 15 years of age. My chickens refuse to stay in their pens and instead stand around the vilage square. Recently my last two villagers left over from the beginning burned to death with the well 4 spaces outside their home. Another families house burned down and they decided to live a homeless life instead of moving into a house in one of the many abandoned sectors of the town. Seriously addicting and requires very carful planning. Best $20 game out there."
76561198019845477,Recommended,242920,12154094,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,StandaT(CZ),"==Good advice - FORGET about time speeding button for first 10 hours of your gameplay, otherwise you will ruin your experience and would be temptated to write negative review how this game sucks.==After spending 50 hours in game on speed ""1x"" I would say It's definitely worth the money. Especially if you consider it's developed by just one person, truly unbelievable how complex Banished is.You can build house but you need food for inhabitants. So you build gatherers hut in nearby forest and some fisherman to support your villagers with meat. Now winter comes and all of them start demanding firewood for heating. So you bulid woodcutter but you need steady supply of wood -> You bulid foresters lodge to gather logs .... and so on and onYour villagers must be healthy, happy, educated, warmed, supplied with tools and variety of food to stay alive long enough.Even getting achievements is not that easy as you would think. It takes hours and hours of gameplay to earn you your first out of 36 well-deserved  achievements."
,Recommended,242920,12168152,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Rancid v2,10/10 Would buy again
76561198129057737,Recommended,242920,9734035,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,juststumpy,a well rounded game strongly recommended to those who enjoyed pop/civ/simcity can't wait for game expansions :D
,Recommended,242920,17401618,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Younacotts,"Fun game, and pretty challenging."
76561198091223751,Recommended,242920,14777075,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Lord Skrampton,"Great village sim. The game as it stands is downright difficult at first but that makes it that much better when you eventually get rolling. Watch it for the game mods, they came make the game very very easy and not so much fun."
76561198037975512,Recommended,242920,18552723,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,yang.the.blue.dragon,"Let me start by being completely honest, I have had a great time playing Banished but suspect I don't play it very well as I haven't gotten any achievements for it yet.  >.>Banished is a brutal city simulator where you start with practically nothing in a colonial-esque setting and must help the townspeople by instructing them what buildings to build, where to work, and generally micromanage them from a godlike perspective as you often do in city sims.Pros:1)  Fun to play and watch, you'll want to put it on fast forward, but watching the people go about thier business is fun and fascinating.2)  Very immersive with lots of resources and things to manage.3)  A wide variety of buildings with a wide range of benefits mean you're constantly building something.4)   Seasonal changes mean you'll watch as winter settles in and fades into spring and summer, foliage doesn't change for autumn which doesn't detract from the game but would be a nice addition.  However I bet someone's already made a mod for that.  (If there isn't one and there's a modder reading this...  Here's an idea for you!)Cons:1)  When things go wrong, they go wrong fast.  You might have one family marked as starving one minute, but the next it could be all of them.2)  Resource allocation is critical, super critical, super super super critical.  If you run out of something restock it immediately or your productions will quickly grind to a halt.3)  Citizens actually age faster than the calendar suggests.  What I mean is your city may be in Autumn 5 (meaning the season is autumn and your city has existed for five years) with a 14 year old farmer, but by Autumn 6 the same  farmer is several years older instead of just one...  This makes population planning a bit complicated.The Overview:As I said, I don't claim to be good at Banished but despite that I find it an enjoyable challenge.  The graphics are pretty good, and the quaint buildings have a picturesque charm that will quickly grow on you.  You'll soon get swept into the hustle and bustle and enjoy watching everyone get to work builing your vision, which is also their means for survival.The name of the game here is balance.  People are a resource, they grow old and eventually die, so you'll want a stable population that grows at a modest rate (there is a display that tells you the number of people in the village, but not their average age or anything like that which would be helpful...) but if your village is growing too fast you won't be able to produce enough food.  If you have a lot of houses you'll need more firewood, if you want more firewood you need more logs, but you need enough logs to cover the houses you're building etc. etc.  This is a city manager that is a tricky balancing act involving gathering resources, keeping the people happy and healthy, and expanding.For an indie project this is a solid title with lots of replay value (at least for me since I'm often starting over >.>) that rewards the meticulous and methodical planners who are comfortable tracking and anticipating the needs of the people to an almost excrutiating level of accuracy.  While this review may seem a little frightening I encourage you to try it, it's a good bang for the buck and a nice challenge that you'll quickly become engrossed in.  There are plenty of mods available that tweak things like resources per harvest that might make the game easier but I've yet to install them.Happy Gaming!-yang"
,Recommended,242920,9336688,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,hemijohn,"Great game, very in depth in terms of strategy. It is crazy fun to see your small gaggle of townspeople grow to a prosperous city. The game has good uninteruptive music and sound effects, wonderful design and color palette, seasons are pretty well defined. With all that being said though there are a few downsides; the game has no preset ""Winning"" parameters. There is no antagonist for your people, nothing to rally against and defeat, that could be off-putting to some players. I however loved it, cant wait to play some more."
,Recommended,242920,10968062,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MBenji,A really solid game.
,Recommended,242920,15739600,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Cat,"The achievements may be rather rare and out of reach, but Banished is a great game to play. It's low-stress and allows the illusion of easy manipulation and gameplay, while also being incredibly difficult to master. The game's inner workings are baffling at best, but the controls are simplistic. My favourite part about the game is the names generated for my townspeople, and their cause of death."
,Recommended,242920,9177009,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ColdBeefPIle,Fantastic game.
76561198150533605,Recommended,242920,18902063,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CrazyGecko,"For a city builder/survival game it is done nicely and has lay back and take your time feel to it despite always being on the go. There's plenty to keep you busy in terms of building up your town, collecting food/resources, pathways for easier movement and making sure to have plenty of fuel and food for winters. The disasters make is interesting varying from normal starvation and freezing, crop infestations and weather to diesases starting from either your own population a traveling merchant or a migrant. It's well worth giving the game a go and paying $4.99 on special was much nicer than buying it earlier for $19.99."
,Recommended,242920,18805600,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Inari,"Good city building game.  Steep learning curve.  My first 10 cities or so all died out quickly, either starving or freezing which was frustrating.  Once I figured out what to prioritize they lasted a lot longer and more fun was had."
,Recommended,242920,9393506,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,dj faggit,Great game 9/10
76561198139677333,Recommended,242920,11955217,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,TheHammerBoard,"LOVE THIS GAME!!! Love the setting and the intensity that comes with it. Will my people thrive or dive into a non stop whirlpool of death? Hunger they cry, hunger! Just a couple of suggestions to the creators though. Maybe add a fort or outpost theme? Guns and defenses? A town sherrif and crime? Maybe adding copper or tin resorces for the creation of pots and pans as well as guns and knifes? Add indians or hordes of barbarians? I see alot of potential with this that can be taken in so many directions while keeping that edge of your seat game play. Can't wait to see what the future holds for this title. Take my money now, you have my wallet and attention... I have neglected to shower or shave in fear I might miss an opportunity to expand or unknowly kill everyone off... LOL"
,Recommended,242920,9893267,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Ifrit158,"Fantastic game for the city builder fans, though quite difficult for me, i can hardly get past year 20 hehe, cant wait for the next update and fixes though it must be mentioned this is a singular effort so credit to the one man team who made this title :)"
76561198055461532,Recommended,242920,12819359,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Four Assed Monkey,What an absolutely brilliant little game. Reminds me of the very first Serf City game which I absolutely loved. I keep my citizens fat drunk and horny which seems to be the key to success. Highly recommended for people who like city builders.
,Recommended,242920,9801837,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Embluk,"Great Game, so fun. just please keep updating it! Thanks for this."
,Recommended,242920,9447675,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Baphometadata,"After playing 40+ hours of this game, my friends keep messaging me to ask how it is.Simply put, this is the worst ♥♥♥♥ing AI known to man or city-builder.   I mean this in the most endearing way possible.   Your villagers are ignorant simps that would rather starve to death than take a break from their tedious fishing job to go to the goddamned market two city blocks away.  Soon enough, all of your fishermen and farmers are dead because no one in this mythical vaguely medieval flavored land can bother to nick some food from work and then everyone else starves out or goes batwonk insane and is banished because there weren't enough graves to pile people into.   Or instead of going to one of the six hospitals available, your villagers will spread scarlet fever like so much airborne toxic event and wipe out the whole damn town because they really needed to go pick up a new coat first.DERRRRR.TL;DR: This game effectively the roguelike of city-builders.  Hardcore, y'alls."
,Recommended,242920,9890873,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,MsHoffmann93,"I LOVE IT!I have been waiting for a game like this for a long time.Do you like the trailer and the pic? Then u'll like the game!Smart villagers, chill, alot strategy, the panic when u run out of food..When u finally succeed with a village, you're life feels complete :')Until u remember that you have a irl-life too... Hahaha.Buy it peeps!"
76561198030904985,Recommended,242920,9219901,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,emperi,"Great game, so far. Its not a fast paced game unless you turn on 20x speed. Watch your little community grow big, bigger and then fall to the ground because you forgot to feed them. Learn from your mistakes and master a beautiful indie game wich is far better than many A-AAA games on the market today."
76561197993346607,Recommended,242920,9381674,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,LiquidFigment,"Excellent game.  My girlfriend and I have sunk at almost 40 hours into this in the last two weeks.  Excellent graphics, love the sounds of the town and the weather, enjoy the animations of each member of your town and how they perform each action.  Definitely got to micromanage everything to be the most successful.  The price made this a must have for me once I watched the trailer and since then it has been hours of fun.  I am currently up to about 100 citizens with a nice balance of folks dying and folks being born but hope to keep expanding.  I can see a decent replayability factor.  Big thumbs up for this developer. Nice job."
76561198080026121,Recommended,242920,9555206,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,erik,"very nice surviving game. its from the beginning a sandbox with one goal, form, expand and keep a community.sounds easy, right. well it isnt. you really have to think how to use people and resources. its include aging (dying) people, seasons and lots more.it no tropico, no settlers but much harder."
76561198021957397,Recommended,242920,9377156,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Chibi SheDevil,This game is a lot of fun and a bit of a challenge.  ^_^
,Recommended,242920,9590121,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Norcent00,"This game is extremely addicting! Not kidding! but can prove to be difficult at times, the game takes some practice I think I started a new city 6 times before finally being able to survive for awhile! The game is 100% worth the money i'm so glad I bought this game! and so will you!"
76561198041734420,Recommended,242920,9265823,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,MotleyKruse,"Excellent game, tons of challenge and keeps it simple. One of the most challenging games in terms of decision making I have seen."
,Recommended,242920,9249380,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Shensei,"GREAT! I paid 20 bucks for this indie game,and i think its CHEAP,peace of artwork"
,Recommended,242920,9398220,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,silkyalcoho,enjoying this game far more than i thought i would
76561198026102499,Recommended,242920,9513145,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Sane,Great game. I had over 250 population and I think now it's more easy to grow... after few minutes I take 17 nomads to my town. Then half of my people was sick (tuberculosis) and I have only 2 hospitals. Now im under 200 pop again :)Great game and not too easy.
,Recommended,242920,9272989,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,TerminalClutch,"People will hoarde food, not eat it, and then die of starvation. Why wouldn't you play it? 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,9508763,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Prince of NepNep,"Simply put, Banished is a town builder where the goal is to have your village thrive. It's The Oregon Trail meets Sim City. From a handful of families to hundreds of people, you re-create how the ancient settlements of a few people became the burgeoning cities of today.The game itself has a few simple mechanics and a very stripped down UI which can be viewed in individual parts. The graphics are acceptable (nothing too amazing), and the controls are intuitive. It may not be your cup of tea as there is no win condition and there's no real economy building, so if you are interested, take a look at some game play videos which go over the game as they help illustrate how the game is played and how it feels."
,Recommended,242920,9384407,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Spencer,"A very fun and addicting city building game with endless possibilities. It can be quite challenging at the start depending on what choices you make. Your town could perish early on or it could survive through and turn into something prosperous. Other than the challenges of survival, there's also natural disasters if you choose to have them on, which makes things just as fun.Overall, a great indie game with no restrictions on where you should end. You can just carry building up your town to your heart's content."
,Recommended,242920,15330889,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Akasaki♪,Get mods to play this.
76561197984035108,Recommended,242920,11041386,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Koshnat,"Addicting and challenging ""city"" builder. The term ""city builder"" is used loosely here as even at the largest, the towns created in here aspire to ""large medieval hamlet"". This game distinguishes itself from other city builders in two respects.First, it is difficult; almost punishingly difficult. This is especially true if you are used to more forgiving city builder sims, where the tide of the game can be shifted with an ordinance, a building, or a tax hike. There are no such instruments in Banished. Build too many houses, a season later there are hungry mouths to feed with not enough workers to provide food. Build too slowly, and the aging population is unable to replace workers fast enough. Each decision needs to be made with the consequences of the future in mind, as the impact of a single building can have a ripple effect seasons later.Second, unlike many other city builders there are not a plethora of buildings, and no direction towards the ""You Win"" building. All buildings and upgrades are available from the word go. The exercise of Banished is one of a balancing act, rather than a sprint. The player must keep food, population, and resources in perfect balance or a death spiral can very rapidly occur.It can lead to some frustration early on, but the best advice that can be given is not to get too attached to the first town that one builds. However, as the mechanics become more and more apparent, a rhythm to the gameplay will emerge and that is when Banished truly hooks the player.The game gets a recommendation for players who long for a city builder with some serious depth despite the bucolic exterior. If someone is looking for a game with a campaign to lead them through a series of missions and hand hold through each step of the way, look elsewhere. While there is a tutorial, it only covers the very basic mechanics, it leaves the rest to the player."
76561198030751487,Recommended,242920,13617147,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Griswel,"Excellent game.Not every builder needs to turn into another combat game, which is apparently a rule for most designers.  Apparently it's too tough to make a game interesting without weapons.  Sometimes its challenging just keeping people alive, well fed and warm.  An early frost can be just as deadly as a zerg rush.  There's a lot here to keep you busy, and enough variation to keep you occupied a long time.  If you have any interest in city builders, this is for you.I have to say that I love the negative reviewer who thinks every building is required to produce the exact same amount every year.  Genius!  Because that's how life in the wilderness works, right?   I can still hear my great great great garndfather saying ""we were 200 corn short last year.  I told you that field should have been 12x12 not 10x10.""I do wish you could choose a bit more about your start possessions, or at least have a random button.  But with a game like this there will always be more you'd like to add, and I haven't spent long yet browsing the mods.  If you like builders, buy this now.  Or check out some Let's Plays if you're not sure (Quill18 has a couple good ones)."
,Recommended,242920,9330499,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,leshache,"if you never played this game , watch 1 video of it and then buy it .100% worth it"
,Recommended,242920,10012916,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,jw_30,its a great game but i suck at it!
,Recommended,242920,10539469,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Commander Williamb,"Straightforward city builder with population/workforce management.  Could use a bit more complexity but I'd wager thats coming with updates and polish.  Can easily reach nintendo hard levels of frustration with game settings deviating from standard settings.Recommended for the economic, city planning strategy types."
76561198042188193,Recommended,242920,20990904,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,FreaKaBoo™,"Banshed is one of the few city building games that introduces the medieval time, and i love it. Without spoiling anything, i think this game is worth paying 10-20 dollars for. Banished is both fun and challenging. However, It gets kinda hard in the beginning and when you progress further into the game, and if it wasnt for that i would probably have a couple of hundred hours into this game. I really do think this is one of the best city building games i have ever played.9/10"
76561198015726376,Recommended,242920,23993405,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zork,"I simply love this game. I bought it yesterday and I have been playing almost constantly since then. It is by far the best simulation that I have seen that models a remote settlement and the challenges that people had to face not so long ago.It could be improved further, but this game is very well made and fun to play. I have already spent almost 20 hours in two days time, which says a lot, I think.I only hope/wish that it will be expanded and improved even more during the years to come, for it has such potential."
76561198073412673,Recommended,242920,13496757,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,sjgee74,This game is hard but fun.  Great graphics. more like a survial than builder game.
,Recommended,242920,9250609,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,xxxaziexxx,"This game is absolutely amazing. If you didn't already know that this game was made by one person, you would never guess it by playing the game. The art is well-done and so are the trade system and citizen management. I wish there was a way to re-name individual citizens and get even more involved with the people you govern, but perhaps that will come in a future update. :) A great game and definately worth the price tag."
,Recommended,242920,18701979,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,The Night King,Amazing Just ♥♥♥♥ing Amazing
,Recommended,242920,9443669,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,TigerShark,This is truly one of those games that is just worth it. Very relaxing unlike a lot of games out there.
,Recommended,242920,29599524,Posted: 30 January,all,Shortjack,"If you like city builders and even strategy games in general, this game is probably something you'll enjoy. Games like Banished aren't for everyone, and can seem quite slow at times,  but for what it is, this game is pretty amazing.It's got a somewhat challenging, but very graspable learning curve, and the gameplay is very engaging as there's always something to do. Towards the late game, the game can be quite tedious at times, but it's still quite fulfilling and enjoyable to build out a sprawling city. I would recommend getting the game on sale though, as 20$ is a bit much for how much content is actually in the game, though there are great mods for this game that can extend the replayibility by a lot.Anyways, I would rate this game a solid 8.5/10, and I think it's worth a buy."
76561198057740672,Recommended,242920,10521982,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Bansu,10/10 would bang
76561198006720317,Recommended,242920,17949096,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Achilles the Myrmidonian,One of the best managment games I've played! It is vast but still holds tremendous potential for improving and  widening!
76561198066107698,Recommended,242920,9995318,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,☼ Kal ☼,Awesome game i luv it :D <3
76561198063234922,Recommended,242920,9585514,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Squid,"Wow, this game will have you playing it non-stop trying to fix whatever is wrong.My experience- I had a decent town going, 4 fishing docks, 1 hunting cabin, 1 herder, 2 farmers, and 1 herbalist.Whats missing? The gatherer, and I died because of it. In Banished, you have to realize the importance of everyone and their jobs!"
76561197987231812,Recommended,242920,10842991,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,taylortherookie,Starved my whole village the first winter.
,Recommended,242920,10931532,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Yecats,"I love this game and am amazed that one person made it. It's more polished than many big-company games I've had the misfortune to buy. If you've played city builders before, the gameplay will be familiar, but it also has its own flavor -- for instance, the hilarious/goofy villager names. It is relaxing to play (and has soothing music), but it's also challenging. I'm glad there is no fighting and you can just concentrate on building your city. This is the first game I've reviewed on Steam, and it is WELL WORTH BUYING!"
76561197993459541,Recommended,242920,10919318,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,rookhaven,I was surprised how well this indie game was done.  It's very solid and has had less problems than most 'professional' games I've bought over the years.  I hope this one man show continues to expand this game and makes it moddable.
76561198025487994,Recommended,242920,10921385,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Thorgormr,"I have really enjoyed this game. I jumped right in with default settings and learned along the way. My first two cities failed after 2 winters, but from those I figured out my initial build needs, and my third city has gone for 8 years so far with the only death being one by drowning while fishing. I like the management system, and the details when you click on and citizen or building. I say if you enjoy city building games, this one is awesome fun."
76561198030816155,Recommended,242920,10738311,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,darklupuseq,"I wanted a SimCity like game but a challenge.  While this may not be enjoyed by causal player, I found this is great fun for the more serious city/survival/strategy player.  Instead of being buried beneath of endless need to build bigger and better, you are made to think ""how to do this"" as you are working with basic set of building structures to make the most use out of the land you have around you.I think this is great fun and already played over 40+ hours with my first game and you can easily play into 100+ hours in this game.  Thanks for the recent game updates!"
76561198019386614,Recommended,242920,10736250,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Braineel,"No monsters. No quests. No swords. I found this game refreshing, as it manages to be fun without forcing you to fight anything. The difficulty stems entirely from within. I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to try something completely different, something that not a lot of games provide. If you like one genre of game, or think that anything without action-intense combat is boring, I would not recommend this game for you.For anyone on the fence, here are some pros and cons. Everyone likes pros and cons.Pros:○ The UI is phenomenal. Some things might be a little too big or too small, but everything is pretty easy to find, and you can tell what everything is supposed to do.○ Difficulty is just customizable enough. Likewise, the difficulty curve is naturally progressing and works well.○ The game alt-tabs just fine. A minor point, but there are a surprising number of games which you just can't alt-tab out of. Banished auto-pauses you if you alt-tab.○ The graphics are, in my opinion, quite nice. The theme of the game comes through very strongly through the graphical style used.Cons:○ The game is relatively slow-paced, and it can take a long time to get anywhere.○ Not a lot of content at this time, so it's a long game with few options. Can get boring if you manage to stabilize a village.○ Villagers are sometimes really stupid. Not dwarf stupid, but pretty stupid.Other Points:○ No game over screen when things spiral completely out of control and you're left with no citizens and no way to get more citizens. Just a small quirk. Not good or bad, really. I kinda like it: you get to watch as your village is slowly consumed by nature once more."
,Recommended,242920,10908635,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Alan,"Brave, Bold and... Banished..?Banished is an excellent, realistically entertaining and fun city builder.  If you ever dreamt of being a pioneer back in days of old, and want to witness the birth growth and fate of a small village, then this is the game for you.Incredibly, Banished has been developed by a one-man dev team, it is crisp, clean and very engaging.  Building, planning, farming, trading, resource gathering, expansion, seasons to prepare for, and more.  If you like city builders, then this is one game you must have.I do hope that there are more expansion updates in the future, and if there are, these will only add to the fantastic offering already on the plate.Buy, play and enjoy!"
76561197997635206,Recommended,242920,9225317,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Captain Awesome,"Hardcore ""The Settlers"" with some micromanagaments."
76561198070470803,Recommended,242920,9905401,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Sega Genesis,"Very fun game. Can be hard in the beggining, but after you stsart getting all those resources and it gets a bit stale the game might throw a tornado at you, making your world feel fresh again."
76561198044320660,Recommended,242920,10978198,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SuperEliza,Harder then it looks! But so addictive
,Recommended,242920,11340967,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,luenyar,"The first couple hours are rough getting a feel for the balance and priorities and how to expand gradually. But once you get a feel for it, it is a hell of a good game."
76561198124943033,Recommended,242920,9420484,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,katharina.n,a nice and realistic game.
,Recommended,242920,9816844,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,blue3c,"Fun, time consuming game."
76561198067203627,Recommended,242920,9206564,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,darkwater256,this game is challanging for someone like me who is not a mass gamer. i try building slow and my people die from old age. i try building big and they starve. its fun trying to find the middle ground. for those who think its just about sitting back and watching your town grow while you click a few buttons... you sir are wrong. there is alot of planning in this game and even though you cant build everything at once its good to plan out where you want to build before clustering everything around and wondering later why you didnt leave space for the market long ago. lol. great game keep up the good work.
,Recommended,242920,9198621,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Keropachi,"Banished is a game about as oppressive and meaningless as life itself. And for that reason I would recommend it, not for its entertainment value but for the raw challenge stripped of the gilding so many other simulator games can't do without. Any moments of satisfaction you find as you struggle against nature and time to build some resemblance of a town are quickly obliterated either by the proceeding tedium of routine or the catastrophe of a town-wide fire. You spend all of your time trying to manage a continuously out of balance economy with minimal data and limited input. The lives of your citizens are woefully abstract, left for you to deduce the continuity of their mundune yet often incestuous dealings. The player becomes like a god, conversely irritated and amused at the incompetence of these vain mortals.In this respect Banished can be refreshingly cruel. It seems out of place in an age that values progress, self-sustaining systems, rewards for investment. The game is still compelling even though it rewards strife with more strife rather than superficial celebration in badges, thumbs-up, and other trinkets of gameification. The player's struggle is not for the carrot-on-a-stick of clearly defined objectives. It's tragic pathos all the way down. You find yourself struggling against both  your own intuitions, the lack of direction, and the permanent imbalance of the game's mechanics, such that the only ""victory"" possible is, like the live's of the people you lead in futility, a noble and heroic stand in the face of an inevitable downfall.Simply put, if you want the control of a SimCity or the personal interest of a Harvest Moon, don't buy it. Banished is heartless, even if it is still lovable."
,Recommended,242920,19590077,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,KS. Santogold,"If you love spending so much time in front of your computer, if you love building a city, and if you love push your mind to the limit. Then this is the best game you'll ever had, so much challenges in every minute the town was builded."
76561198171081678,Recommended,242920,19593786,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Widgette,"I've played this for countless hours.It's fun, simple, and a lot of the mods in the workshop are well done and add a different spin on the game once you think you've mastered it.Build city, forget wells, everyone burns to a crisp.Start again.  Build city, build wells, forget doctor, everyone dies of the plague.Start again.  Build city, build wells, build hospital, hey, how did that one guy wind up across the river.."
,Recommended,242920,9295485,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,TheGrimCoder,"Do you enjoy building cities without the annoyance of orcs, aliens, or another countries military barging in and destroying your hard work?  Banished is the game for you, but don't be fooled, this won't be a walk in the park.  Battle with harsh winters, low food supplies, and plagues that rival those of the Dark Ages.  If you are able to make it through the winter, you just might have a chance to survive.Banished is an addicting game that will take up all the spare time you have and then some.  Every change you make will affect whether or not your town will survive."
,Recommended,242920,9925768,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Azreih,Great game!  There are some frustrating learning curves at times but well worth the time.  I recommend turing off death notifications.  It'll save you some stress and you can't do much about it anyway.  :)
,Recommended,242920,13668510,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SubOhm Steve,This game will provide you with countless hours of enjoyment. I have found that getting invested in your colonist's provides you with a little more in depth experience.
,Recommended,242920,9747774,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Tigafare,this game is amazing the graphics are great
,Recommended,242920,17202131,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,jeb,"Banished is a primitive, (maybe a bit too primitive) yet beautiful city simulation.I rate this game a solid 7/10This game is a game that can be played for hours on end.Pros:Lots of automated things, you don't have to assign people to houses, they just find a house and live in it.Very easy to use user interface.You can have a ton of cities at once.It's one of those games that you can play for hours on end, just evolving and growing your city.Cons:Sometimes a bit difficult even on Easy mode.Very bare-bones style. It seems as though that all you do is make sure people live, and that's about it.Graphics should be better. (Games like this rarely have good graphics, so I can't blame it.)Wish I could zoom in just a bit more.Sometimes there's nothing you can do, and you just have to watch your city die and start all over again, which is one of the worst things to happen.How it could improve:Fix all of the cons. (Obviously)You should be able to change things a bit more. (Upgrade houses and things like fishing docks and wood cutters, build boats to fish from, etc.)I'd like to be able to get close to the characters and hear them speaking. I'd like to tap in to peoples lives, just to make the game a little more immersive.Conclusion:All in all, I enjoy the game and have played for hours on end. I'd say that it's well worth $20."
,Recommended,242920,12362563,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Mork79,"Það sem er kannski merkilegast við þennan leik er að það verður aldrei leiðinlegt að byrja uppá nýtt. Maður er einhvern vegin að læra nýja og nýja leið til að spila hann. Kannski svolítið einfaldur í uppbyggingu en alveg flókin undir niðri á allt öðru survival stigi.Mæli með þetta er leikur sem er alltaf hægt að falla á þegar hinir ""stóru leikirnir"" eru orðnir leiðinlegir."
,Recommended,242920,9282889,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Miller,This is such a good city builder/manager game.  I haven't been this hooked on one since the early Cim Cities.  Seems perfectly stable to me running on Windows 7 x64 system.  In my oppinino this game is easily worth the 20 dollars and has replayability and depth far beyond the great majority of much larger company's similiar type games.
,Recommended,242920,23101550,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,xKRAIZEEMANx,"One of the best city building sims I've ever played.It seems, almost, too simple of a game...build farms, cut down trees, chip away at the stone, hunt some deer etc. Then, all of a sudden, your tools are broken, so you cannot harvest wood for warmth, cannot break stone or mine iron to make new tools, and then your townsfolk start dying off....So, be prepared to start over, chances are your town will die off (due to starvation, lack of warmth, population has stopped growing, or simply due to illness). The replayability is decent enough, so starting over isn't a huge deal, and it has a learning curve (esecially the larger settlements).The mod support adds so much to the vanilla game (Though I suggest starting off with the core game, as some mods can seem overwhelming to a beginner).All in all, I highly suggest this game (especially if you enjoy this genre). I got it on sale, I suggest you do too (Let's face it, most of us get our games this way)"
76561198076618198,Recommended,242920,18436931,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Just Spencer,I highly reccomend this game is one of the best and most challenging city builder games I have ever played becuase you jsut cant place that there and there but you have to think it through and you can become really attached to your city moreso than other city builders this game is really worth it. If you actually want challenge pretty much from the beggining to the end in some way or another. I reccomend you isntall those current new frontier mod with it here is the link incase you do....http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=500578844&searchtext=cc
76561197960784414,Recommended,242920,11485969,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ken,"This game is amazing. A completely new take on city building. A bottom up simulation sets the foundation for this game while a harsh unforgiving environment supplies the challenge. Barns store your resources, markets collect resources from around the city for citizens, and people gather food and supplies from the markets into their homes. People need to eat, idle, and stock their homes with perishables in addition to working. Resource management is crucial and a schedule for building is essential to surviving the first few seasons. Every resource you fail to produce for any reason can kill a substatial portion of your population. Inefficient resource gathering placement can cause you to squander land for resource sinks that could otherwise be used for utility. My only complaint is that the game seems to get easier the larger your city becomes. Once you're over a hundred people you have the man power to ensure a constant supply of every resource. Losing 20-30 people will likely resolve your resource problem and you'll only have to make minor adjustments to your job assignments. The fun is definitely in the early game."
,Recommended,242920,12182435,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Dysanic,Great indie game with a SIMS-like feel to it. It's simple and there's a modding community that keeps it interesting.
76561198082980427,Recommended,242920,21907677,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,warmaster70,"Banished is an outstanding game that combines strategy and the city-builder genres together. It's a very polished game with few pathfinding issues or bugs from what i have seen. Integration with the steam workshop also allows mods to be used and added in game. However, i would like to see an addition of different buildings as well as an integration as a tower defense strategy game.All around a great game and definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,242920,23750169,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The spiffing Brit,Tis good
,Recommended,242920,10059834,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Allegretto Otter,"If you're looking for a more relaxed city-building game than Sim City, with an incredibly high level of difficulty and management then look no further!"
76561198090499315,Recommended,242920,12369879,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Karl Franz,"Banished is a city building game which requires attention and future planning.Yays:It requires a bit of micromangament which makes the game more realistic as a game in the city building genre.Also theres LOTS of chain reactions,like if you make a farm,and another one,and another one,your gonna have a tool deficiancy which you wont be able to keep up with due to a growing population cause by the farming.When one problem is solved another takes its place as a consequence for solving that problem,which really makes it a hard core problem solver.The game can be difficult even on easy.Also whenever you get a town going you can generally go on from there as   with a large population you can just easily solve a problem as quickly and efficiantly as long as your people-to-resources ratio is good.When hitting a large population the game becomes a city builder where every building built and placed will effect gameplay.Finally the game would have alot of potential for alot of things, such as MODS!THE GLORIOUS MODS!,Multiplayer,(I dont know how it may work,maybe implement a combat system,or make it a bit like BFME/Age Of Empires/Stronghold or both,I dont know),IMPLEMENT A COMBAT SYSTEM!,(as I said before),and generally more buildings, a goverment,maybe even a tech tree would be nice.Nays:Ah were finally done eating the sugarcoating of this game,and now its time to eat its bitter core.Difficulty:The game is difficult and there should be a something like a sandbox mode or something like the ingame editor mod for Civ 5 ,or at least a mode where the game is ACCTUALLY EASY.Also the difficulty should make you think before buying this game if your prone to raging.Price:While sure its a Indie and requires the money,but you should think about if your gonna dedicate your time to it or not.Rating and Conclusion:9/10,Its not easy to my personal liking,but has LOTS of potential."
76561198176034286,Recommended,242920,15238912,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TheRavnGames,Was never much of a city-builder fan but Banished has turned me into one. It can be very relaxing and peaceful or OMG I'm dead. Plenty of mods to add excitement to your gameplay. Definately worth giving it a shot.
,Recommended,242920,9639444,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,oXero,"New twist on an old favorite genre. Made by one guy, his hardwork and dedication shows. Only issues I have is if you expand too far your population sometimes doesn't adjust and you run into people starving or they are not farming early enough in a season. I believe it's because the individual people themselves just aren't moving fast enough for the season change. Overall, a soild pick up and is really addicting until you find the secret recipes for building."
76561198031573219,Recommended,242920,10970823,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,amsiemonster,Like SimCity but instead of unhappy citizens you have starving ones. At least they work hard!
76561198058587917,Recommended,242920,11181338,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,TheBeardOfAlbion,"My entire town burnt down because I was so focussed on producing food for an increasing population, I was ill prepared for the event that something might just happen to burst into flames. 10/10 I love this game."
,Recommended,242920,9179692,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,|TG| Vitamin187,"Really great Game.  If you enjoy survival city builders, get the game!"
76561198095296483,Recommended,242920,22368396,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,TiedStatistic,"if it looks good, and you think you will like it you might love it, this game is fun and can be hard and a lot of mods you can play with, i played this game befor we had mods but the mods just have maed the game better"
76561198028061366,Recommended,242920,10655581,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lord Soran,"Banished is a single player management/city building game. It's also addictive.  You start with a small handful of people 'Banished' from their homes. It's up to you to help them not just to survive, but thrive. At the start it's all about survival, your people need food, shelter and heat. As your settlement grows so does its needs. Better homes, fields of crops, animals for food and clothing, tools and ways to keep your people happy.In terms of what is available to build, this game is very simple. No tech trees, just buildings available for a single function.Despite the simplistic nature of the game, the balancing act of keeping your people fed, clothed and warm can be quite a challenge.Getting the right start in the right location can make the difference between a prospering community or an exercise in frustration.It's not perfect, there are still a few bugs, but this game is evolving as the single developer works continually to improve the game. A mod tool set is currently being developed  to give the players more options.As the game stands now, it's highly playable, even more addictive and with a huge amount of maps available it should keep your attention for a very long time.Buy it and enjoy it.Added April 2016 - 2400 hours later and I'm still playing, mainly thanks to the wonderful mods that have added a fair amount of content to toy with.I say 2400 hours, but I'm not the Steam champ, I know at least of one other who has played 400 hours more than me. If that's not value for money, I don't know what is."
76561198067725586,Recommended,242920,10594521,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dick Holster,It was an okay game till I found out there is no military in this game
,Recommended,242920,20994675,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LadyChambers85,"Wow, I finally got some achivements, it took a while. Really enjoy this game. But I do wish the parents of the children wouldn't let their children starve to death, especially when there was available food, Bad parents!"
76561198303899903,Recommended,242920,25779037,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ulumuri,Fantastic game I can't stop playing it. If you're buying this thinking it'll be easy think again I had to restart several times due to massive town death. There is a formula to it which you'll have to work out for yourself. Big thumbs up for the game and a massive thank you to whoever came up with it as its one of my top games at the moment. Would reccomend this to anyone and everyone who likes a challenge
76561198114968035,Recommended,242920,24245338,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ashlyen,"Love this game to death and will never stop playing it. However after a while I understand for some if the gameplay can get boring or just repeatitive. So once you get a grasp on the game itself I highly reccomend subscribing to the mods in the Steam Workshop. They add much to the game and keep it from seeming so boring after playing for so long. Highly recommend the Colonial Charter Mods.And before you buy, do know that it is single player."
,Recommended,242920,10645772,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,beltor,Im bald so id say this gets a 10/10
76561197978246593,Recommended,242920,24249870,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Thachicken,"This game is really a lot of fun. Well, it can me. You see the game has some major flaws that are just virtually impossible to get around. The game has a good amount of working elements that let you build up a thriving city or town but the problem really is the massive amount of micromanagement when your town starts to expand.  It makes the game almost unplayable once the town starts to grow.For example, you have a good area to your east that is ideal for fishing, you have set up a nice little area to your south for some early game hunting and gathering for food, herbs and firewood, have some farms up to your north and some hills which you are using for mines to your west. City in the middle. Now you manage to run out of your natural resources in your immediate area, so you need to get a bit more which of course means further away. Now you can literally have people starve to death or freeze to death while walking the road. You can build houses near the new resources but then you need to micromanage every person. Which person(s) live in a house, where they work etc. Now that is doable with a small population, but once you get to 50 odd people, the life/death rates means that at any given time, a person working in a quarry may die. Then the game automatically picks a new person to take that job, he might be on the far side of the map, he starts walking over, his home is on the far side of the map, so he will almost certainly freeze or starve to death. That just makes the game really hard to enjoy when the AI is so stupid. There is no way to create city/town zones. Like for example assigning an area a town name which makes only units from that town work there.I really enjoy the game nonetheless but after a while, you just start modding it to death. New buildings, houses, everything but there is no progression. You can build everything from day 1. Most people say you need to stick with wooden houses at the start but I tend to have everybody living in their best accomidations within a year or two in game which then just means I am trying to keep a bunch of freakin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI units alive by preventing them from following the actual AI. Makes it relatively fun to set up a village but then once you get over that initial hump and it becomes a game of sustainability it really just means you are now fighting against the AI of your own units instead of the environment and the resources.So this game is really fun, it is hard to pick up and you might want to watch some tutorial videos on youtube first but once you get the hang of it, you should have a lot of fun for a while."
,Recommended,242920,24195228,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Quibii,"An interesting fusion between city-builder games and survival games. While the former usually focuses on crafting a thriving civilization--and in some cases, a beautiful hub for tourists--this game forces you to survive before you can even attempt to thrive. Though difficult at first, fans of the former will find a unique experience in Banished. Keep in mind, while it has elements of survival, it is--at its core--a city-building game.Fans of the city building genre will enjoy it, and hopefully fans of the survival genre will find a unique and equally satisfying experience.8/10"
76561198135545465,Recommended,242920,20710363,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Br3edUI,This is a grreat gaame yyou can get lost in for hours. :)
76561197961961235,Recommended,242920,20219362,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Intense intents in tents,(file)size doesn't matter! This game is surprisingly fun
,Recommended,242920,9221239,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,WhoIsMatt,"I was as hyped for this game as I was for the new SimCity. The difference is though, that when SimCity came out it was truly awful, while this game is everything that promised and more. Yes, it is tough, but it is a beautiful simulation.  If you like City builders/survival games, you will love this!"
76561198053372437,Recommended,242920,20839058,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Dustin Higher,great game but wish there were some flavor of invasions or somethin
,Recommended,242920,13011507,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,trekkietechie,"This is a great city management sim for relaxing with at the end of a long day. Fun, rustic design and mellow music. Haven't touched the mod community yet -- IMO doesn't need mods, but it looks like people are cooking up some interesting ones."
76561198089604984,Recommended,242920,19663782,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,xXxArchAzzAxXx,Would be awesome to have a day/night cycle so when it is dark the little buildings and houses have light shine through the windows etc. Also in the next update which I am hoping will be soon could you change the ageing of the people to exactly one year to year ratio. Much more playable. Excellent game. Absolutley love it and i'm spreading the love.
,Recommended,242920,9273305,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Nyanta,"51 hours in, I have been sleeping badly all week, cannot have enough of this game. SimCity might have been a disappointment, this is so addicting."
,Recommended,242920,19886349,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Threadbo,"Great city builder, havent experienced any bugs or aything, mods are good and helpfull. easy to understnd and work. do it"
76561198003690000,Recommended,242920,12879031,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,sab-in-77,"i found this game, funny and challenging and i rare found any trouble with it,sure the a very rare bug or two but they never cause much of any trouble.i really enjoyed this game and you should totally buy itsorry for poor grammar and spelling. metal problems"
76561197993341011,Recommended,242920,20614304,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DogsBody,Recommend the game but I dont recommend reading any guides as this will ruin the challenge quickly. Take your time and figure out the mechanics on your own and you will enjoy Banished for a much longer time.
76561198030704921,Recommended,242920,20572064,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Skippybritches,"Thank you to the developer who has spent countless hours crafting this perfect gem of a game.  There are a few very minor things that could stand to be perfected, but the sheer scale of this game to come from the mind of one man, who built his own gaming engine to create and run it, is astonomical.   Now that banished is in my library, my life will never be the same again.  Its the greatest construction of stategy/survival/city builder I've ever seen.  Great for reapeat play and with many mods to support your individual gaming preferences.  If you enjoy games like anno, sim city, age of empries, folk tale...you will love this game!  Dont hesitate just buy it!"
76561198008333538,Recommended,242920,14658790,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DARKLORD MAXIMUS,"This is a good ""sim city"" type building game the mechanics are simple and the game is complete and runs well looks good and is fun when you just feel like a low brain relaxing game to play.The game needs to be expanded more (outside of modders) i think more building types and things to do. but over all the game is a solid building game.Updates are slow (but i beleve that is becuase there is only one DEV as far as i can remember).But over all worth picking up if you want a simple building game.8/10"
,Recommended,242920,20499629,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Smoothie,"Dayum, get the game, download the debug menu, make a city,10/10 Would plague the planet again."
,Recommended,242920,14628292,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Leo3D,This is basically the best graphical dwarf fortress clone out there.   Its as good as Prison Architect.  A little better than Rimworld.  Way better than gnomoria and towns.
,Recommended,242920,12926205,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Mя Ambi,nice addictive gameplay! great job for a one man developer team!
,Recommended,242920,20551939,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sizigi,sooo amazing to play
,Recommended,242920,12377092,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Plague,"This is a really fun game.  However, a couple of things.  1st, it is pretty repeditive.  You make your 1st little town then spread out into the woods to make your lumber area.  From there you keep moving to get resources.  By mid game, you have little pockets of villages and towns all over the map.  The problem with this is, that ever time you start a new map you end up doing the same things.2nd: I believe this is a 1 man dev team so that means the game is not updated very often.  In fact, if I read it right, it has not been updated since June.  'With all that in mind, I still will recomend this game.  the $19 price point is a little steap IMO, but still worth a buy."
76561198194388515,Recommended,242920,20013361,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sqepia,THIS GAME IS AMAZING. SIMPLY AMAZING. BUY IT. NOW. SERIOUSLY.
,Recommended,242920,14853241,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,TinyLazerRaptor,This game is so brutal. You think you're doing fine and suddenly everyone starts dying and by the time you've figured out the cause it's too late to do anything. I think it'll take me a few run throughs to get the hang of it. The interface is superbly easy to use and everything is very logically laid out.10/10 would commit accidental genocide again.
,Recommended,242920,15545611,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Jobasco,"Banished is a fun little game. Unfortunately, it is one of those games that you play the hell out of, and then it gets abandoned in your Steam library. I try to play it every now and then but lose the motivation. However, I would reccomend this game because it is without a doubt fun... but don't play it too much in a short period of time."
76561198030767081,Recommended,242920,13262514,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,demerson,"Did you love playing games such as simcity 4, Civilization, and Age of Empires? If so, try this game out. It is very addicting from the start and very fun. It may be challenging at first but it will not take long to figure it all out. MODS have just been released and are being updated all the time. This game is great and well worth the low asking price."
76561198259159487,Recommended,242920,19892457,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,keightmcc,Love this game!!!!
,Recommended,242920,21318789,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Logic,Great game
,Recommended,242920,11987908,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Flintoff,"A very fun and addictive game that I could spend hours watching my town slowly grow. There is just something about watching your civilization start from nothing and turning into busy city, it could use some more features though."
,Recommended,242920,21267738,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Geo Fleury,Great game needs some battle
,Recommended,242920,14285068,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Doctor Explosion MD,This game is both fun and challenging. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys sim city series. One tip I will say is try not to build too fast as you might find yourself with a lack of workforce quite quickly.
,Recommended,242920,17312972,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,jaffa,10/5
,Recommended,242920,14167055,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,✪ ecks dee,"One of the best Strategy/City Builder games I've ever played.Also, one of  the most challenging.If you're looking for a new game to destroy you're social life, this is it."
,Recommended,242920,17255638,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Tick3827,It was a good game.
,Recommended,242920,16781316,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,wangyuzhou518,Can't play enough.
,Recommended,242920,17291705,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,God Emperor Trump,"Polished, clean, neat, difficult without being hard. 'City builder' is a bit of a misnomer, however the experienced player can evolve this game into just that. Recommended for any real gamer's library!"
,Recommended,242920,17437919,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Eadlyn June,You build stuff. You live. You die. 10/10
76561198039724625,Recommended,242920,17444099,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TheSkipjack95,"A great game for city builder enthusiasts.Set in the XVIIIth century, you are a little colony settling in an inhospitable land. Build you town to survive the winter, and expand it to welcome more and more people. Become the best city in the New World !Featuring beautiful graphics, this game also has a very intricate economic system, which will not hesitate to slap you on the wrist for the slightest mistake. You will need to manage every resource at your disposal to survive, from wood and stone to herbs and clay. Catastrophes can stem from the smallest errors and snowball very rapidly, often resulting in comedic losses in no time.The community is active and mods are available, the best being Colonial Charter, which expands and adds vast amounts of content.Highly recommended game, but be careful, it will eat up your free time."
,Recommended,242920,13259042,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dr. Dabs,"A laid-back but cruel city-builder.Along with the addition of mods, Banished has to be one of my favorite builders to date.The AI can act a little dumb though, so 9/10."
76561198036020066,Recommended,242920,14545927,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Jorji Costava,"One of my favorite games of all times, Banished gets you in the situation of a group of families determined to start their lives again from scratch by settling down in a new, unknown virgin land to them.There are no objectives in this game; just lean on your couch, sort out the best way to start building your city and watch how your settlers begin to work. No instant building; before even a simple house can be lifted, you must make sure that you are in possession of the required materials for it. Though it may become really relaxing for some players, don't get me wrong; this game, without mods, is as challenging as could be.In short terms, this is (at least for me) just the perfect game to relax; the gameplay comes with a smoothing music selection for you to enjoy, mixing emotions such as what the settlers may feel while facing the inclemency of the harsh weather or when they look at the future with a positive lens, working hard to earn their keep and contribute to the growth of their new hometown."
,Recommended,242920,10984437,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jacocksky,"I absolutely love this game! Much more challenging than SimCity and you actually feel proud when things work. I have started 4 new games and all of them failed, because I didn't know exactly how to play it. When you first get a hang of it, you can make a 'civilization' go really far. One of the best games I have ever played. My rating: 11/10"
,Recommended,242920,16958249,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,efflixi,"Simple to get into, hard to master. If you like SimCity you'll love this!"
,Recommended,242920,16931538,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Don't even trip dawg,This game sucks.
76561198169978803,Recommended,242920,13629030,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Liamayonaise,"I love games were you build and manage your own little towns and this is the best one out there. It is hard even on easy, it is a strule to keep you town going, but that just adds to the fun.One of the BEST games i have played 9/10"
76561197985126812,Recommended,242920,9875277,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,[UPA] Speckled Jim,"An organic 'village/town' builder. This is what Sim City 5/6 should have been like. Steadily advance your fledgling village, one building at a time. Build what you need, when you need it. You can't just plonk buildings down like a mayor on steroids.I've always been a big Sim City fan and, like many people, I've been bitterly disappointed by the recent reincarnations of Sim City and I was pleased to find Banished. In essence, the game is all about resource management, both in materials and labour. Keep your food stores up and only take from the environment what you can afford to lose in the short and long term. Delegate your work force to the ultimate objective - continuous, sustainable growth.Its a challenging game that requires you to think about what you want to build, when you should build it, and most importantly, why you should build it. It takes a little time to get used to the game mechanics, but it is incredibly satisfying to build that local school or get that chapel up and running. A great and well thought out game, especially considering it was only made by one guy.9/10 - Get it if you enjoy your old fashioned Sim City games!"
,Recommended,242920,24152869,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,jk-,the debug menu is my go-to button in the game.10/10 would die of frostbite again
76561198098758873,Recommended,242920,20137484,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mclead99,"$5.00 - You cannot go wrong, $19.99 - still can't go wrong.Yes, can get a little tedious after you get to 1,000+ population however the modding community helps add some other scenarios and options.Great game, relaxing and nice change of pace from action based games.  Developer strived for quality and acheived."
,Recommended,242920,12036580,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,TopHatTurtle,i dunno it's pretty good i guess you can build awesome villages and keep it self sustained and it's different everytime...
76561198031592724,Recommended,242920,15065634,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Fatbill,"This is a fairly good town/city builder sim, with a lot of entertaining bits. Definitely fun, and worth the price, especially if you can get it on sale. There are a lot of good mods as well.Plays sort of like Caesar 3 without any military options and a lot more detail.There are a couple of bad bits however:-Like many games, there are still unfinished bits and bugs here and there that could use more attention (which makes the second bad bit more important)-This game was basically made and supported by a single dev, and he has stated that the game is ""finished"" and will not be working on it any further or releasing any other patches.So it is a decent game, at a reasonable price, that could use a bit more work, but is good even so."
76561198004437111,Not Recommended,242920,19221304,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,GunLovingBob,"It's a really good game, but not in the long run. There is just not enough to do. But a game with potential, but far from it."
,Recommended,242920,13646260,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,blobjim,"A very well polished game. Very simple to learn (but extremely difficult gameplay, save often!). Very well optimized. Great game!"
76561198104237636,Recommended,242920,14473695,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tinus,"Fun little management game with nice mechanics and simple concepts. However don't let that fool you into complacency, while it's incredibly relaxing to play you are often only a bad harvest or a distaster away from watching your citizens die left, right and centre. With the addition of community modding the game is well worth it. A solid core, plenty of additional content and the unique quirk of not being based around conflict but based upon surviving mother nature's whims and your citizens idiocy (or maybe one's own chronic mismanagement) make this game a nice addition to any city-builder fan's library.9/10"
,Recommended,242920,10197805,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Shio,It's a really fun and great game. You can spend hours on it at a time. I would recommend this game.
,Recommended,242920,10064957,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Attention Horse,It's like The Settlers lacking the wars.
,Recommended,242920,33168246,Posted: 2 July,all,Ryan1357nayR,"Good game overall, plays well and kills time"
76561198260710881,Recommended,242920,33144491,Posted: 2 July,all,Lady_Odinson,"Played it. Loved it.Managed to mod it, sorta, because I wanted more buildings ((but the vanilla buildings are awesome as well! <3 )) ... people died, I cried, people died again, sometimes it froze.Loved it though <3"
,Recommended,242920,33277505,Posted: 5 July,all,BoWhatElse,"It's a fun and strategic game, especially the beginning where you try to figure out what to build first to keep your villages alive is the most exicting part. Also building an organised village that still looks pretty is one of the things I like about it.After you got 1 of every building and get lost what exactly you do now you figured out how the game works, it gets a bit boring.It's a good thing they added achievements, otherwise I would've quit much faster.I recommend buying this on sale. You can sure have a few hours of fun with it.I would like a first person view as an option when you click on a villager. since the top view looks amazing, I can't imagen how real it feels if that would be implanted."
,Recommended,242920,18246513,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Vitur,"I very much enjoy Banished, it's a solid city-builder that doesn't get too complicated or bogged down in useless features. It lacks endgame content and can get a little stale if you stick to one city for too long, but I've found raising the difficuilty periodically makes it much more entertaining. Highly recommended."
76561198004357827,Recommended,242920,17418742,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Crisp lettuce,"Like The boardgame ""Settlers of Catan""... Except you have no Enemies and everyone dies.On a more serious note, this game is awesome and worth the price (Whatever it is now). I have never enjoyed a citybuilder, but this is more of a survival game. My recomended game tags: Incest, child labour, mass deaths.Rich modding community. Game can be a bit slow at times.10/10 would rule a city of 1.200 inbred ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again"
76561198054203936,Recommended,242920,21380887,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Riku_SlayerS,"On a brisk windy spring morning, little Timmy left the cart to folic in the woods while everyone was out working.When he returned from his ventures from the woods, all he could see was the remains of the cart and the disappearence of a starting village that was suppose to be the beacon of hope along with its occupants.Little Timmy carried on with a heavy heart and ventured into the harsh wilds where he ended up becoming an immigrant of another banished village.10/10 when a tornado wrecks your village within the first 10 seconds of a new game."
76561198036783153,Recommended,242920,21402459,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Noremac,"Managed to get a city going with 200 people.Had 10,000+ Food on normallyTwo new children born. No big deal.Suddnely all my food stores drop and 160 people die from starvation.10/10"
,Recommended,242920,21067518,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,lock,"As long as your settlers have a warm coat, a steel tool, a diverse diet, herbs, firewood, a home of their own, free of disease, not on fire or too cold, everything is going to be fine.Everything... is gonna be fine.*drinks a barrel of peach ale*"
,Recommended,242920,21409811,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Fred Flintstone,"There once was a woodcutter named Danet, until he was accidentally killed by his axe"
,Recommended,242920,20392002,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,cvalentine07,"Life is real hard and nature quite harsh,Whether on mountain or standing in marsh.Now, these poor outcasts you promised to saveYet be not surprised if they soon find a grave.The fate of these townfolk rests only on youAnd there's plenty of work and growth left to do.So build up a town for your town personnelAnd make it a place where they're proud to dwell.This game is a lot of fun."
76561198250951424,Recommended,242920,33294225,Posted: 5 July,all,Whyakin,"I just recently got this game - I love it so much! It's exactly what I've always wanted - well, it would be if there were dragons :P. If you're thinking of buying it, I do recommend you read or watch a tutorial, but don't go to in depth with it - it's really fun to figure stuff out on your own!"
76561198300693375,Recommended,242920,33355539,Posted: 7 July,all,waxestworm6,This game is great once you know how it works
,Recommended,242920,33325644,Posted: 6 July,all,Jakespes,"While I did not expect too much from the game, just really to be challenged and entertained for maybe a few days, I keep coming back to play this game.  I figured its about time to write a review now that I have 150 hours logged.  For what it is worth this game is fun, and provides different levels of difficulty, something that helps someone new to this type of game, allowing them to get a grip on the basics.  This game is a great way to pass the time, and is one that I play in the evening when I am relaxing.  Strongly recommend, especially for those interested in exploring this genre of games."
76561198048124678,Recommended,242920,26190849,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,BerserkElf,I admittedly love this silly time waster.
76561198124873426,Recommended,242920,25696695,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BuzyFox,"A pretty laid back Medieval city-sim... Well, until people start diying from starvation, the Plage, fires, tornados, posionous food and the list goes on!8/10Would definitly like to witness armageddon for the 100th time :)"
,Recommended,242920,25702058,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Captain Baguette,It gets you thinking. If you like that kind of stuff.
76561198006169257,Recommended,242920,33227769,Posted: 4 July,all,E4GLEyE,Good stuff!
76561198259272301,Recommended,242920,33191907,Posted: 3 July,all,Leonidas1974,"Great game, playable for hours. however it is really hard my people keep dieing be it by starving not reporduceing or being sick, i often said ""WHY IS EVERYONE DIEING"" and i still have no idea sometimes  but hay its really fun so i keep trying again."
,Recommended,242920,14471601,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,JOHN BETON,"An overall  agreable game:+with a couple tiny mods it is certain to give you a lot of playtime for a small price.+nice atmosphere to the game+good single player game-once you get in some game time the game gets boring. especially after all the achievements are obtainedmy advice: if you like city builders set in a survival setting with a focus on gathering resources pick up this gameit is what it is: a simple, easy to understand survival city builder.Get it on sale though i don't think it is worth 20 euros"
,Recommended,242920,33170814,Posted: 2 July,all,Dr Newton,"This game is your typical build a civilization and survive game. It's very hard to survive at first, but once you figure out the pattern, it gets easier.I was doing fairly well until the population aged and stopped having babies, so I guess I haven't figured out the entire pattern.Buy the game if it is on steam sale. You will get a few hours with it. Nothing more once you figure out the pattern.I have not tried the mods yet."
76561198397206754,Recommended,242920,33211250,Posted: 3 July,all,Tonyguy571,This is an AMAZING game to play for fun or just to kill time.
,Recommended,242920,33227686,Posted: 4 July,all,Levendi,"Steam Sale: $10 Sure, $5 DefinetlyLet's Start with the Cons:No Steam Cloud - Minor, but not a deal breaker.Poor End game Optimization. More on endgame below, but once my population hit 500+ (a lot for this game) frame rates started to drop. At that point you're ""pretty much done"" but for some of the achievements you need to stay in this sate for a while.There is limited gameplay towards the endgame. Now not only because there is No Endgame, but the AI/task management can get very clunky. The AI will sometimes have a long queue and never do what you want them to do when you NEED them to do it. It can be very frustrating and will likely make you lose a whole lot.Otherwise this game is very compelling. It's not your typical ""Sim-City"", and worths on a more basic set of resources, but eventually picks up in complexity. The limited resources on the map make the game challenging, and SPOILER,Trading is you FRIEND, seroiusly 5+ trading posts. The music is good, in fact in writing this it's playing in ym head and I haven't played in months. Fair warning, this game is BRUTAL, don't think everyone is coming out alive. There's no room for perfection, little timmy and old man jack are gonna die *Ding*."
76561198370912339,Recommended,242920,33223872,Posted: 4 July,all,aRctic,lovely little game
76561198045555127,Recommended,242920,32868113,Posted: 27 June,all,Hauzen,"pretty good game,not easy,bet gets better as you go."
76561198290441122,Recommended,242920,21946012,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mrs. Bianca,"OMG where have I been. I x3 games like this and its super challenging. Not hard to understand just a little reading and your able to take off on your own. I would recommend it . I'm sure you too will spend hours playing it.IE: There is no right or wrong way to play, too many options to explore. x3 Colonial Charter Mod gives it more game play."
,Recommended,242920,18464431,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,dzx,"A true challenge and very enjoyable.Note: if you use mods you will be unable to unlock achievements, keep this in mind before you start a game."
76561198048692436,Recommended,242920,24123410,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Archman,Every now and then a gem of a game comes along......this game is one of those gems...I LOVE IT! nuff said! :)
76561198148362327,Recommended,242920,24007157,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FrostBalrog,Killed off a thriving village just for an acheivement. 10/10
76561198022046417,Recommended,242920,21843930,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,AOAE IE UEAOE,"In this game, there is never enough food. It doesn't matter if you have 4 full storage barns. The town grows, and without noticing, people starts to starve. YOU MUST ALWAYS MAKE MORE FOOD.10/10 would put 79 of my 80 citizies to be farmers again"
76561198081574864,Recommended,242920,25596665,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Fella's We gotta head butt Tony,Leper Colony Simulator
76561198070922781,Recommended,242920,29596580,Posted: 30 January,all,ActionHeroName,I LOVE this game!Vanilla game is solid but when you get the Colonial Charter mod it EXPLODES with new content! Equal parts fun as it is challenging.
,Recommended,242920,24230970,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,hevaa,10/10 my village will die again
,Recommended,242920,23643566,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Kronic,"Good lesson on how winter works, everything dies."
,Recommended,242920,25719816,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,BIG SCREAM,"Tiny Town does not have a tiny sex drive, be prepared for more babies than you could ever handle"
,Recommended,242920,21614054,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,J423D,An absolute gem of a game.
,Recommended,242920,30093648,Posted: 21 February,all,BlackMage,A game well worth the money. If you don't like strategy and planning don't get the game but if you do this is the game for you!
76561198029359016,Recommended,242920,29922581,Posted: 14 February,all,sulunais,"This is a wonderful game. The atmosphere of a small colony surviving by its own labour is excellently realised. You feel a big tension trying to maintain food supplies, each named worker is valuable, and it's so cool to watch your town expand and succeed. The late game play is a little limited - no missions or story just continued growth of your town, but there's always a new town to be founded."
76561198068334401,Recommended,242920,25998827,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,grinzolot,"One of the most frustrating pleasures in my present life. When  I first played it I was so lost...but could not leave it alone. I ended up on yuotube looking ( a last hope when ready to give up lol ), and what struck me was how many different ""this is the easy way"" videos there were..and none were wrong.Simple and challenging.  I may drift into new games,  on my rotationial  (personal limit of 10) games displayed on my desktop screen, this is one of 4 that stays....A lesson in patience, the challenge is not boring and it allows for a good deal of choices in management. Having many hours invested, I tried a single map (saved at the beginning) and with 3 different approaches, cool, cool, cool.With no battles against dragons, zombies, or (fill in here) you will find that the weather and changing seasons require stratagies a bit more organic.I will admit that the potiential of a seasonal zombie hoard mod would kick rump! Which I must mention, the mountain of DLC is impressive and intergrates seamlessly I feel this is understated but my words not the content is at fault here.Highly recommend, and thank you to this dev team. GREAT JOB!!!"
,Recommended,242920,29562754,Posted: 29 January,all,TSM,-
76561198026961775,Recommended,242920,29917029,Posted: 14 February,all,igg_73,"solid game.without mods it is enjoyable building a sleepy village of intermarrying labourers.i like slower RTS village sims, and this is great for itif you add mods the game blooms. you can invest in an entire industry.i like how there isnt much urgency. youre warned of food shortages etc but not much else.get the main DLC tho, increases the things you can build by 70% proly"
76561198065258705,Recommended,242920,29770384,Posted: 7 February,all,Dinodefender,Banished is a good game it will take amny trys to get a long lasting town built you have to manage food workers population houseing and death once all your adults start to die your kinda f'd if you can live through that tho it gets only harder super fun tho
76561198045979473,Recommended,242920,29705951,Posted: 4 February,all,poloping,"I like this game, its a bit hard at the beggining but after couple of fails you can build up city flawlesly. Problem with this game is that it becomes boring and repetitive. In my opinion game should have more late game options, including more advanced trading, building up walls and defending your people against barabarians or something.I played this game mostly in one city and it grew really big, but after a while it was just taking nomads into the city, building some buildings to balance the city and then repeat. I got an outbrake of disease once, but 1 hospital was enough. I never had a fire, and i dont think tavern and churches arent really necessery to build at all. most of the time people stay happy if they have herbalist and different food sources.I would advise more development for this game. Please put more stuff in this game.PS: thing tahat made me laugh was that the most efficient food source are gatherers and the least efficient are hunters and farming."
76561198100656842,Recommended,242920,29234395,Posted: 13 January,all,Dead_Chosen1,"I'm just shy of 24 hours of gameplay, and it's been great! I only had doubts about liking this game because of the absence of military conflict. But as it turns out the game is difficult enough as is. Lot's of fun to play!"
,Recommended,242920,23917702,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,trinxikene,"First village failed miserably, second one was a success, third was a blast. If you love settler games, this is for you. I spent hours and hours in this game and I am still playing it. So easy and yet so complicated."
76561197972335127,Recommended,242920,10960572,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bloodbull,"The most challenging settlement managment simulation I've played. There's no options to build armies or conquer other cities but even without it prepare to see your people die over and over again. For me it's a challenge, that's why I like Banished. Just be aware that the game takes hours once you start to play, it's a time machine."
,Recommended,242920,18439137,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Jetpack Jones,"When I first got it ill admit, I hated it, felt it was too hard.  Cut to 40 hours later and it is one of my personal favorite games.  9/10"
,Recommended,242920,18470237,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Bartbarman,"Banished is simple and yet so hard. It will probably take you around 10 min to understand the game and after that you will most likely ♥♥♥♥ up your first town and everyone will die. After that you'll try again and you will think you started of good this time, but then all of the sudden you run out of tools, or you think you can handle those 42 nomads you just let in, and then your production can't keep up and you ♥♥♥♥ed up again. But you will keep trying because the game is build so good.Pros:-Simple gameplay-Challenging-Fun to hunt achievementsCons:-NoneRating: 9/10"
76561198053734879,Recommended,242920,18799238,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,lifferds,"Just an awesome little game that makes you think and strategize from the placement of your first house to the building of you third trading post. For a real treat try a small map, mountains, harsh winter on difficult without trading and try to get 200 inhabitants. You will need to squeeze every berry, mushroom and root out of the forest."
,Recommended,242920,19965498,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Radioactive Chicken,even better than City skylines10/10
76561198164245689,Recommended,242920,21854154,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,♥Anna Leinführen♥,"If this game was a potato, it would be a good one.PS: My computer is a bad potato. In a 1000+ citizens city my FPS drop down to ~20 while I have 60+ FPS in a 100 citizens village. So dont buy this game if your PC is worse than mine (Intel i5 2450M, Radeon HD 7670M overcocked, 8 GB DDR3 RAM) ;)"
,Recommended,242920,14177882,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,inkrypted,I absolutely recommend this game!
76561198073518812,Recommended,242920,10633594,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,lazee_dragon,"My peeps died on the easiest level no matter what i did :/pros:graphics are very nicesound-music nice and soothing-ambience works well with the theme of the game-noises aka tree cutting, cows mooing, etc...can get annoying but very well donecons:peeps dying very easy to do no matter what i didcan get boring if you are into actiontutorial is very lacking just shows barebones.*personal thoughts*personally i like the game and gameplay but i do not like that it is soo easy for your population dying off so easy...like are they that vulneralbe or fragile? so it can get very frustrating...i started over 4x and tried different things they still died of starvation :_( poor peeps. all in all tho i do like this game very much so :)8/10if they beefed up the tutorial i would have given it a 9/10"
76561198104048665,Recommended,242920,19859481,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Meatphidian,"Great grampics, great gramplay."
76561198086916098,Recommended,242920,20019589,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,∞ ïиғïиïtє ∞,Good
76561198263267270,Recommended,242920,20074166,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Max,I love this game its so fun to play and make a city or a town!
,Recommended,242920,19348268,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[V101] Zach Wilson,Do you like it when you start a game and then suddenly 15 hours disappears?  Then this is the game for you
76561198000463483,Recommended,242920,20220950,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Aardvark,"Probably not a game for all audiences, but for those with patience and a love for long-term planning In their RTS games, Banished Is a great choice.Winter Is coming..."
,Recommended,242920,18012361,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,emmerleener,Addictive as hell!
,Recommended,242920,20978810,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,CloudSpli77er,"This is a nice village sim. You have plenty of different resources, a varied map to expand your population and a neat trade system.Keeping your population well fed with good variation can be a challenge, as well as keeping a stable but expanding popluation. You'll face changes of season, path-finding challenges and disease managment.I highly recommend this game. If you play for a while and find it too difficult or lacking, you can check out the workshop for HEAPS of mods.If in doubt, wishlist it, wait for a sale. Don't pass it up!"
76561198080594553,Recommended,242920,20263690,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ToxicNinja,"Had 6 people who were working as fishermen, they all died of starvation."
76561198091822138,Recommended,242920,21502944,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Black Lotus,"As a peasant myself I can only recommend this game due to its realism. As soon as I reached winter all my people starved to death just like in my actual hometown in real life. 9/10, brought back bad memories."
,Recommended,242920,20709389,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Madmannz375,Lots of homeless need homes so they build them. If only people were this smart in real life.
76561198128455218,Recommended,242920,21038348,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Queen Qamar,good game but needs updates for buildings and food diversity
76561198055771678,Recommended,242920,21154072,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The_Loaf101,"Communist Utopia Simulator 10/10Would redistribute the wealth again! 	👍But in all seriousness, get the Colonial Charter mod by Black Liquid. It adds a bunch of new content making the vanilla game bigger and last longer. Its the only reason why I still play this game."
76561198160884686,Recommended,242920,13696937,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,geek,I like this type of game so I might be a bit biased.Overall I like the different ways in which to manage resources and population. This adds to the depth of the game and provides for many alternatives in how you manage your town. This diversity and open resource allocation and use also adds to the complexity of the game. At times it is very difficult to understand how specific changes in one area affects another. This can lead to many trial and error scenarios until you gain more understanding.There seems to be a few options during the early game play that determine overall success but once the town gets underway and stabilize it could become boring unless you force yourself to add new and better structures.Would've liked to have some early goals or tasks to achieve to help with game progress and sense of achievement.
,Recommended,242920,9379470,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,kieranhousa,"Fantastic game however I personally find it almost unplayable at the moment. Had to start over numerous times as every time I hit 50 population it is near impossible to provide food. I had 2 fishing docks, 2 hunter lodges, 3 large farms, an orchard and a cattle pen and all had the maximum amount of workers at each yet i still find my population dying due to starvation. Personally puts me off the game alot however hoping this is changed within the update as it makes it extremely frustrating."
76561198093373295,Recommended,242920,29951693,Posted: 15 February,all,Mrs. Nigel Danvers,"This is a simple, basic city builder. Once you figure out the mechanics, and it's quirks, it offers only a tiny bit of a challenge. But that's what I like about it. That's why I clocked in over 200 hours. I come up with little challenges for myself and listen to the pleasant sound track and just unwind from my day having my little townsfolk with the unusual names and seriously questionable age of consent build me a town with nothing more than a wagon of supplies and, on occasion, a few animals and/or seeds. It's a fabulous escape."
76561198018695829,Recommended,242920,10942969,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LE0,"I really like it so far, but it needs some more content like buildings and maybe more information on your current and previous production!"
,Recommended,242920,10622183,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Natsia,"Bought Banished a few days back and have to say that it's a fantastic and fun ""time waster"". Reminds me quite a lot of Dwarf Fortress, except that this has a much more appealing graphic interface. It's easy to understand and the panels are easy to navigate. A good deal of thought has gone into everything, from the way your town construction affects productivity right the way through to crop rotation and the effects of accepting Migrants."
76561198067563796,Recommended,242920,14369241,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Vikson,"I am so addicted to this game!This is an awesome little city builder game.It took me about 10 to 15 epic fails before I got a decent village going. lol.. But it was a blast the whole time!This game is so worth the $20 bucks!But don't buy the game today if you need sleep tonight, because that's not gonna happen..Have fun!!"
,Recommended,242920,14141025,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zed Cola,Banished is a city-building game with a heavy focus on survival. From humble beginnings - just a few families exiled from their past lives and a handful of supplies - you will have the opportunity to build up a thriving community.
,Recommended,242920,14072263,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Judgemental Tree,"90 out of 100This game is a fun citybuilder and is relatively detailed in realation to other citybuilders. Playing this game made me realize what kind of struggles leaders encounter even today, balancing all the factors and trying to find the near-impossible solution that actually works."
,Recommended,242920,10434205,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Lekgolo82291,"Banished is a game, that unlike most games today, has verl little to no voilence in it. Think: Age of Empires city construction, but with no combat. The more house that you have, the more people that can live in your city. If you let it, this game will take you in, and give you a nice hot cup of ""BRACE YOURSELF. WINTER IS COMING."" because winter, FYI, is cold. Get your tailor making warm coats."
76561198085827921,Recommended,242920,11569606,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Barra,"STOP SLOWLY LOSING POPULATION! START BUILDING A BAR, NOT A STUPID ORCHARD! 10/10 will die to lack of children again."
,Recommended,242920,14337109,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Kroes,"Indubitably the best city-building game I have played in awhile. Banished offers a challenging yet satisfying gameplay for both fans of the city-building genre and players new to it. Managing many aspects of your growing town from a group of banished folks to a bustling town with hundreds of inhabitants. Ensuring population growth to prevent the extinction of your people, food production so your people won't starve to death, building a cemetery for the deceased so your people won't despair, building a steady supply of fuels so your people won't freeze to death and many others. Even after much efforts they might be futile when a tornado hits and shreds your town to pieces. Fun and deadly experience, would recommend to anyone. 9/10 in my book."
,Recommended,242920,14179800,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,SERgO2007,"The game is wonderful! The economic component is amazing and playingBanished you can forget about the account the tangible time. If ischy human factor is important that you are on the right Stith game in kotororanitse. thank you, but I would like that the game has continued to evolve and extending new buildings, occupation, and more."
76561198031046445,Recommended,242920,14713100,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Blaide,"Picked this game up on sale because I enjoy city building games. I have spent so much time this weekend playing it and have to force myself to take breaks. It plays great on my Microsoft Surface Pro 2. I reached a peak of 45 people so far and have to deal with an aging population.  I have been playing a lot of Divinity Original Sin and Cities XXL but this game stole my attention. On sale or not, this games is worth every penny!"
,Recommended,242920,14726525,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Jengi,"SimSettlers, nuff said."
76561198033087086,Recommended,242920,14645536,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sly,Great game.  I only wish there was additional DLCs to add.
,Recommended,242920,14677988,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Rassa Farlander,"Think Oregon Trail, but an RTS and you dont have to travel to somewhere else, you are already there. Gotta feed, clothe, and supply your town with what they need, or they die. They die anyways, but that is the circle of life! It is a lot of fun.9/10 would freeze to death again :)"
,Recommended,242920,11469986,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Tyler100126,"This Game, Banished, is just an all around amazing, fun, time. You can play this game in any moods, happy, sad, angry, whatever. It lets you really get the feel of making your own town and failing or prospering. Its one hell of a game to get into, it sucks you in, and doesn't let you go. But its great to get sucked in. Sometimes when your village starts becoming old and fading away you want to restart but you look and boom, more kids, so makes you think you can just continue, you do and then 7 hours later you just think, ""Damn, I had a life"" this game is amazing. I suggest to everyone and all age types. Thank you all for reading."
,Recommended,242920,12069397,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Elkones,yes
76561198064446657,Recommended,242920,11929785,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Punch Bot,too many micro manage
76561198039572825,Recommended,242920,15218101,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Führer Fibonacci,"Hard, but fun. Recommend only if you got the cash for it."
,Recommended,242920,10988966,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sqin,Sim City or Banished? Definitely banished.
,Recommended,242920,11676971,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,were all gonna make it brah,you feel like god
76561198075969948,Recommended,242920,10675957,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Aerobic Ed,everybody died in the winter
,Recommended,242920,12521353,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Pirate,Such a boring game. Can't stop playing it though.  :)
,Recommended,242920,12390186,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,sosig,built quarries all around my town so they couldn't escape and ended up starving them all to death10/10
76561197989424527,Recommended,242920,11020018,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ebeniezer,"A thinker's dream.Banished is built around the concept of XXXS. Explore, Expand, Exploit, SURVIVE. There are no enemy towns, no armies, no diplomacy and no barbarians. Only the cold army of winter.This game pushes you to redfine your previously held notions of how to play and win strategy/sim games.The mechanics of defining labor are different from your usual cast of characters: Civ, Starcraft, AOE, etc. Instead of focusing on the individual laborer, you focus on his place within the greater economy. As such, it forces you to think more broadly and differently than the games I just mentioned. For instance, in the winter, you need firewood. You can't just click on a peon then right click on a tree. You must first build a woodcutter then assign a citizen to that woodcuttery. This along with other unique gameplay mechanics make this game incredibly interesting and challenging to learn.The graphics are not the ""best"". But there's a real aesthetic the developer went for and knocked out of the park. It reminds you of what Jamestown might've looked like. The soundtrack can be repetative and it would probably be the only thing I would change about this game as it stands.Overall, if you like city building and strategy games, buy this game. If you like your gaming status quo to be upset, buy this game. If you're expecting another run of the mill RTS game, don't buy this game.Ebeniezer"
,Recommended,242920,11020398,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,blackpaperclip,"Addictive, but boring.. but I can't stop playing... and *spoiler* everyone dies!"
,Recommended,242920,10851203,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FreedomFridge,"This game starts off with a VERY harsh learning curve. Try it on Easy before going to the hard modes. The reason I say this is because the game does not hold your hand in the slightest. It drops you in a random world where you must learn your menus, commands and rules on your own. It never tells you that you SHOULD build something, but you will learn after a few failures. My experience went like this. Building Farms, make some buildings, take out all the resources near town. Wait I had up to 20 people, why aren't they being replaced? Wait why is their health going down? Why is everyone dying!! This happened until my city was a ghost town, (game doesn't tell you game over). This is what I learned. You need to set up a trader, so that you can get seeds, so that your farmers can grow more then one thing. People don't do well when they eat the same thing everyday. Also learned you need a herbelist, they will help you improve health as well. Lastly, make sure to build houses, if you want more population you need more houses... Once you learn the rules of the game it becomes a time sink that makes you want to bash your head on the table, but still over all enjoyable."
,Recommended,242920,14040225,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Ivory Natalia,"....STOP STARVING!!! NO NO STOP HAVING SO MANY SLACKERS!!! OMG WHY ARE YOU ALL FREEZING TO DEATH?!?!? THERE'S FOOD AND WARM CLOTHES AND FUEL WHY ARE YOU DYYYYYYYYYIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNG!!!!!!!!!!!!!???????!!!!!!!!!! (....I have been told it's time for a new game now, but... I can't.... I must..... I must keep going...... STOP DYING!!!!!)"
76561198086196422,Recommended,242920,15331635,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Weezy,Banished.....GAWD THIS GAME WAS SO HARD WHEN I FIRST PLAYED. I could never get good at this game but then I slowly learned to how not to suck at this game. Then mods came out and made this game less hard. It definetly takes time to learn and play but it is a fun challenge unlike dark souls
,Recommended,242920,14628737,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Tentacle Pope of Anything,"I love this game, it is all of the things about city building games that I love (namely, building the city) with none of the annoyances, such as political shenanigans or skill trees."
,Recommended,242920,15503687,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Nobody,"This game will eat you up, and spit you out. Then when you're crawling across the gore littered floor, it will grab you by the ankles, and slam you against the wall until you're a mass of bloody bone, and flesh on the floor.  I've never felt so much like I'm playing Dark Souls in a game that isn't Dark Souls.10/10"
76561198137032316,Recommended,242920,14521216,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,The Cyborg Fox,"It is one of the best city-builder games I have ever owned! Though I don't own many, I've always been looking for a great city-builder, especially one with a medieval feel to it and one where I feel like I'm starting anew. What really does it for me is this games unique, pleasant and calming music. Overall, 20/10! Really worth the money!"
,Recommended,242920,14176100,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Nazgul Killer,"A fantastic town simulator game for those with an affinity for the middle/dark ages. It's not so in depth that you can't casually play it, and it's not superficial so you can't play it in depth. It's just right, right in the middle.There's not much I can say beyond the fact that this game heavily relies on you planning ahead, and you'll have a hard time if you don't (And that's why your first few games will be frustrating to say the least), but once you get the hang of it you're in for a treat. A truly great game as far as I'm concerned.However, it's not in depth enough. It does not have the depth I expected nor the depth I wanted, but that's fine. It makes up for it in cute (Oh yes, cute) gameplay and fluidity. Highly recommend for the casual gamer!"
,Recommended,242920,12821419,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sweaty Ball Sack!!,A 21 year old man knocks up 11 year old girl in a house I had built for them. Perhaps I should have built a Chapel first.
76561198131489522,Recommended,242920,11177653,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Flubs101,"I got bought Banished and played it, I liked it but my old computer wasn't for gaming so the graphics weren't the best, so I got out of it. I got a new computer and the graphics are amazing so i thought ""what ever i'll try it"" I played it and i'm addicted all over again! It is a really good game. I recommend it."
76561198025316753,Recommended,242920,16106213,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kentor22,"Love this game, It is challenging but really addicting. A few mods do help to create a less stressful game. Also never accept nomads unless you have the food. they eat everything."
,Recommended,242920,15889075,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,MidnightBlue,"Brilliant until the combined affect of a fire and tornado killed half the people in my town immediately, and left the other half to slowly starve to death. Such fun. Sorry town... :(Make sure to save every 30 seconds. Starvation hits them quick.10/10 would restart from an earlier save."
76561197966918254,Recommended,242920,15910102,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,1911,"game is fun if your in to building towns but take your time to learn how to keep your people alive, first year is hard (start). I personally love the fact that if you don't keep an eye open on the food, firewood  to balance with the population you'll be left with no one lol, also the game has  the work shop to sort of add on what you like. I recommend watching few videos on youtube to see if you would be in to it but for me this game delivers. personally i  think is the best town building out there"
76561198076362117,Recommended,242920,15967279,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,HappyMask,Don't blink. Blink and you're dead. They are fast. Faster than you can believe. Don't turn your back. Don't look away. And don't blink. Good Luck.10/10 would blink again
,Recommended,242920,16624321,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lohung,Great game. think sim city meets Age of Empires.. I highly recommend
76561198004729629,Recommended,242920,14547231,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,clearbluetwilight,This may be the perfect game to play while listening to podcasts. There is no spoken dialogue and very little text to read.  The game play is almost entirely spatial. This makes it easy to listen to someone else yapping while staying immersed in your little villagers' lives (or lack thereof). Just turn off the soundtrack and enjoy.
,Recommended,242920,14829143,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mr Chow,"On my first playthough a whirlwind came through my town and killed everyone and everything, it was great."
,Recommended,242920,14722582,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,"Bondrewd The Novel, Lord of Dawn",Tenise the Stonecutter was crushed by a rock.Fredrick the Stonecutter was crushed by a rock.Aghata the Stonecutter was crushed by a rock.Anne the Stonecutter was crushed by a rock.Ster the Stonecutter was crushed by a rock.Wrighton the Stonecutter was crushed by a rock.
,Recommended,242920,14723040,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Nanaramui,"A very enjoyable game, the way I love.Play it if you have the chance ;3"
,Recommended,242920,9263177,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Miyushi,One of the best games I've ever played. absolutely love it
76561198026312867,Recommended,242920,9265422,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,graphite,"Hey Guys,Best $20 I've spent in long time ;) Looking forward to the mod tools, which once in the hands of the modding community will bring so many new buildings, foods, industrys and game play.Brillant piece of work for a one man show ... well done Luke {shinning rock}"
,Recommended,242920,9266542,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Spikelite,"Very fun game of stratagy. it is not easy by any means, but once you understand the mechanics and what not, its quite easy, and really fun."
,Recommended,242920,9274374,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Spode,"Time killing, Brain teasing, all it was said to be.The people to say they don't like this game are one of the below:1) One of the unfortunate few to encounter game-destroying bugs.2) Don't know what to do.3) Can't handle challenging games.4) Bad with numbers.This game will eat away at your time, the first day I owned it; it stole 9 hours from me. It WILL challenge you, no matter the difficulty you choose. Aside from the way you start, this game's difficulty settings don't alter a thing.The only negative thing I can say about this game is that, when you spend 10 hours making your very first succesful town and suddenly a tornado blows through and reduces your town of 120+ to 10, it can really devistate you and demoralize. BUT! I still want to go back to it, so bad."
,Recommended,242920,9270989,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,lemon robot,"I love it! Challenging yet addicting and fun at the same time. It is a Sim City-esque game, but without the horrible launch it had last year. I would recommend it if you're an avid fan of these types of games, or even if you're a newbie."
76561197980812637,Recommended,242920,9272494,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,AYBABTU,"I've been playing the release copy of Banished and enjoying it very much. Although I have come across of couple of minor bugs, they have not diminished the fun I've been having creating a colony that survives. I've played a couple of games on Mountain / Small / Harsh / Disasters On / Hard Start / and I've had a blast developing strategies that work. I earned the Mountain Man Achievement among several others.There has been a great deal of trolling on the Banished Steam Forum. Yes, there are some minor bugs and yes, some pc machines are having a problem running Banished. My rig is a 7 year old Alienware quad core with an Nvidia GTX-8800 single card (the SLI twin gave up the ghost last week after 7 years of play.)I'm using Windows 8.1 and having very few problems with playing the game.If you are into non-combat sand box city builders, then give this one a try.Try using seed 345826184 and see if you can beat my 200+ population at the 100 year mark."
,Recommended,242920,9255933,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Kpt.KittyBucket,"Great indie game, don't buy if you're expecting an AoE type game. This one is all about survival and it doesn't pull any punches. Everytime someone has another ♥♥♥♥ing kid you'll find yourself swearing while planting another field and hoping you have enough firewood to last the winter.Worth $20 for sure. Give it a try. Good luck."
,Recommended,242920,9337709,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Wanderer,"I really had fun with this game and found it to be more challenging than I had originally given it credit for. That being said, it is lacking in some basic functions that I would think a city building game would have. Also, there are some redundant programming issues that create unavoidable paradigms where your people die as a result of their 'impulse' reactions to a lack of food or firewood. I also found myself bored after making a few successfull cities as the game play becomes tedious and repatative at points. I enjoyed it  quite a bit despite all my criticism and think you might as well if you grew up with SimCity (as I did). Tornados sucks in this game too, btw. GLHF!"
76561198000668497,Recommended,242920,9366710,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,KornKamerad,"This game got my attention when I watched a review video on Gamestar.de. Since I've always had a good bit of fun with 'building simulations', like Tropico and Dawn of Discovery (Anno 1404 in Europe) I figured I might as well give this one-man-project a spin. I knew that this was supposedly an actual simulation, meaning that unlike the much scolded Sim City reboot, every single citizen is simulated, with a name/family right down to them getting food, working going home etc. The level of detail is really quite astonishing and sadly unprecedent in the history of gaming.If you're looking for a strategy-game like Age of Empires this is not the game you want. Banished is really about managing a smaller village with initially maybe 20-50 people (I have only about short of 70 after 6 hours or so). There are also people with over a 1000 villagers. The magic of this game is to have your villagers survive the winters and ultimately grow the village which is extremely rewarding!I definitly recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the Anno Series and other games that fall into this genre."
,Recommended,242920,9370154,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,roandr,"The quality of the game (visuals, gameplay and otherwise) is incredible and becomes even more so by the fact that it's developed by only one man. Either he has superpowers or he've put some insane amounts of manhours into it."
76561198027681031,Recommended,242920,9349655,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Very_Undude,Highley addictive.
,Recommended,242920,9251513,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Rhyper,"I had a population of about 150 people when 23 nomads came and asked for citizenship, which I granted, then they proceeded to destroy all tools and pillage all food.One by one my people starved off. Nobody survived.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,242920,9254033,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Scrub Lord,Prepare to lose...a lot.
,Recommended,242920,9254514,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,#BringBackFeudalism,"This game is, in short, amazing.  It's one of the best simulation/city-builders that I've played to date.  I cannot compare it to any other game out there on the market today, because it's not like any-one game out there.  One can see all the positives of Sim City, Age of Empires, and other wonderful simulators being taken out and applied to this game, minus their faults.  I'm excited to see what other awesome updates are to come and the future games this Indie Dev also will release."
,Recommended,242920,9255546,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,riffwarz,"For a one man dev team and a $20.00 price tag, you could get no better value than Banished.Cannot put this one down.Banished is deep.  It's tough.  But when you get to grips with the systems and nuances, your mistakes become all too apparent and this only makes you want to start again to get it right.Buy it."
76561198043885759,Recommended,242920,9244922,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Softpa,"There is no winning in this game... it goes in a cycle. You die, figure out why, play again, die from another mistake, play again, do better, die, play again, do better then last time, die... Its a never ending cycle and you just can't get out of it @.@ and before you know it, its been 5 hrs since you've play this game lolGameplay wise, this game is very realistic. Every little things count. From things like how far your citizens have to walk to work, which determines if they will starve or freeze to death during winter, to things like placing your resources too far from the structures that need them, which decrease their efficiency, etc. If you do not have a lot of patient, this game will frustrate you and makes you want to break your monitor lolI would give it a 7/10. 2 points from being too unforgiving and sometimes even a bit too harsh, and 1 point for some little bugs and crashes that happens every once a while."
,Recommended,242920,9235835,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,lateroflife,"Summer of Year 36, the population of Hoopesto recieves a hit, the cause is unknown.Late Winter of Year 36, a strange plague begins to infect the population and is sighted as the cause of numerous deaths.Later Spring of Year 37, nearly 1/3 of the population has been eradicated, leading to massive labour shortage.Summer of Year 37, with death tolls raising to nearly 50 people, food shortages begin and nearby forests are destroyed to control the lack of firewood.Winter of Year 37, an estimated 4/5 of the population have died, leaving only a few people left.By Summer of Year 38, the entire population of the village has been eradicated. Housing and many other intercity buildings have been burnt to the ground and destroyed. A lone trader stops at the once bustling port, only to find that the village he had visited just a few years early has been destroyed.This plague... It is called age."
,Recommended,242920,9242645,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Sullivan889,If i had 3 thumbs then I would be very terrified of where the thrid thumb came from.
,Recommended,242920,9216532,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The 4lien,Holyshit this is fun!
76561198107380723,Recommended,242920,9406661,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Lord Logan,"Absolutely great game. 10/10 as long as you don't mind having accidentally killed entire civilizations. I named my most recent town Kings Landing, I think that was my first mistake right there, for every Kings Landing must have a Flea Bottom, and this entire town was Flea Bottom. There was no tailor for the first 5 years, everyone was wearing rags, but then everyone got clothes and was happy! Then the great destruction of year 10 happened... It started with the blacksmith running out of tools. Instead of making himself a new tool, he decided to chop down trees and then visit the herbalist, letting everyones tools break. Soon people in the quarry are digging with their bare hands and people in the mine were mining with their bare hands. The hospital was useless because nobody was educated enough to run it since there was no school. During all this in year 10, 50 workers were without tools... and by winter somehow they had eaten all the food already... Going into the winter of year 10 there were 65 brave adults... in the spring of year 11 there were 20... the first to die was the tailor, so everybody decided to put their old rags back on, and starve and freeze to death... What is the lesson learned here? Never name you civilization Kings Landing, bad things happen. Great game though!"
,Recommended,242920,16550109,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Picklesworth,"Named a town Garry Coleman and everything was swell, till garry set on fire and all the villagers just kept on making f*cking pumpkins and firewood while they burnt to death.f*ck you Garry coleman"
,Recommended,242920,16541876,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,be nice to me i have autism,Awesome game
,Recommended,242920,16567331,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MrJingles[NZ],Difficult game. A serious challange. Great play. 8/10
,Recommended,242920,16850344,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,❤ D A D D Y ❤,this game is harder than dark soulsDARK SOULS!
76561198071392629,Recommended,242920,12919199,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Mienotaurus,"Played for ""21"" in game years on one town. I went through about 4 generations all aging to 80ish. All of my villagers died of old age and none to any other incidents, or accidents. Thing that killed my town off was I thought they could all live in a boarding home but at one point the population capped out and by the time i realised it capped they had peaked and almost  all of them were above the age they could have kids. Except for a 16 year old and a 38 year old... Their child was the last surviving person who lived off of the 20,000 units of food left behind by the last crop of people until she died at the old age of 85. 10/10 Buy the game now..."
,Recommended,242920,13930966,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,"Banished is a strategy game about seeing how large your population can grow. Along the way you have to worry about food, building materials, disease and tornadoes (which if you're unlucky enough goes all trailer park on your town).+ Simple in its design (compared to 4X) but the constant expansion of your city is enjoyable.+ Managing a large city can be a handful but it's quite fun.- Gets tiring and repetitive after awhile.- Immigrants. Why are they always diseased?Playtime: ~24h (single town on a medium map to over 600 people)8/10"
,Recommended,242920,13867962,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Puzzlebox,"In 2013, I was excited for Sim City. This was before I knew about all the problems people had been forecasting for the game. I just hadn't played one for a few years and saw it was coming out in about a month. So it gets released and it's a mess. In the ranting and raving I was seeing online, I saw this speck of light on the horizon: Banished.So I waited, eagerly, hoping to sink my teeth in. The day comes and...it's beautiful. Agonizingly difficult at first, to be sure, but beautiful.You're not going to get the massive city in your palm that you get with Sim City, or at least the older versions. But what you get is something that feels more authentic and organic. The graphics are a bit simple, but I enjoyed it quite a bit."
76561198036238597,Recommended,242920,12394658,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Blastuurd™,"Tried this game and before I knew 5 hours went by. great game. Addictive, fun."
,Recommended,242920,14698323,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,fangerzero,"This is your normal SimCity ordeal, however, Without a manual I could never figure out Sim City. I don't need a manual for this, I get to learn as I go. In 3-4 hours I have a small village and I'm pretty sure they'll die. ^^, I didn't realize how certain things worked but trial and error. It's fun learning so much that way. If you like strategy/simulator games I'm sure you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,242920,14741795,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Jorky,"So here we are.A fresh world.Farmer Bob didn't mind this.Thousands of children have starved before.They all walk at 2 months though Farmer Bob likes thisSo the first thing Farmer Bob did you ask?Oh he built the biggest F**king graveyard you have ever seenLiek bigger than the war hero onesSeriouslyThen he just wandered through his graveyard.This was his favorite buildingBecause they somehow make gravestones out of nothing.Farmer Bob likes thisHe build a stone houseFarmer Bob likes this tooFarmer Bob laughs at everyone elseThey have no housesSo what does Farmer Bob do?He sits in his leather arm chair and listens to FalloutBoy CD's on repeat for 17 years straightThen he goes out to check on his graveyard.Yeah.Now its Ghetto Neighbourhood sizedF**k yeah Farmer BobF**k yeah.Ok on a more serious note.Great game, gets the brain thinking9.3/10"
,Recommended,242920,14720029,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Distonic,"Village #1Everyone died from freezing in the coldVillage #2Having completed the tutorial, everyone survived the first winter by living in houses.Shortly after, starvation killed everyone.Village #3Set difficulty from Medium to Easy, everyone survived the first winter. Food was in abundance.The second winter hit. Apparently huddling together just doesnt cut the cake.Village #4Still set on Easy, everyone survived the winter, with ample food reserves. The second winter hit, and prepared with a large stock of firewood my followers survived the second winter.What we didnt see coming was the tornado.10/10 still unprepared."
,Recommended,242920,12380005,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Broken Man,"Everything that can go wrong will inevitably go wrong.  You harvested one less plum this year?  You gonna starve to death over the winter.  You used all surface iron and stone, and you dont have a trading post?  You gotta deconstruct some buildings.  Someone caught Ebola or something?  Bye bye, everyone.  This game separates the boys from the men, and then kills everyone regardless."
76561198030786790,Recommended,242920,14362103,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,jamesc70,"Recommended : Yes and NoBanished is a city builder that is great when you start playing it. Gather resources and build buildings to support your town like woodcutters and blacksmiths, while constantly being on guard for shortages of important items like food and firewood.Once you get to about 200 population, the game is easy mode however. You will not be doing anything different from 200 to 2000 population, but simply recreating the same working center and support structure you have elsewhere.Disasters are supposed to add random events to mix up the play, but they always destroy a large chunk of your town. You would think if you had wells everywhere, and had everyone working to put out fires they would... but they don't. If something catches on fire, it doesn't matter if you have wells and 1000 firemen; your town will still burn down.This is a game that feels like halfway through gameplay design they gave up and said ""it is good enough"". Which it is for the price, but I feel let down. When you are trying to figure things out the game is great; once you do figure things out, you'll do that same thing over and over and over and over.TLDR; good early game, but repetitive after a certain population with zero changes in gameplay as your city grows."
,Recommended,242920,12986096,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,sheer,This game taught me the futility of a centrally planned economy. 10/10.
,Recommended,242920,9189102,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,RawTalent,"Hardest game I have played in a very very long time. Don't buy this unless you have a lot of patience. Most of the time  you want to punch your monitor. What is the big problem you ask? Well how about practically no resources to start. A large group of people that will devour copious ammounts of food. Quickly starvation leads to death because you can't seem to produce enough food, shelter or warmth for them. DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT A CHALLENGE"
76561198039885446,Recommended,242920,9198429,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,RedTheKid,Thank you for making the RTS game i have been waiting for!. It reminds me of black and white 2 but without the fighting. I love being able to see the names of my people and watching them grow is always fun. One of my villagers named Burn was but a little baby boy when i first saw him and now he is 30 and my top builder lol so proud...although right now he is lost in the woods...so he may die i hope not!!. The items and trades remind me of The Guild 2 Renaissance without the bugs. i've only played around 4 hours but i have to say that Banished is worth the money and at such a great price i think any fan of AOE or the games i have listed should give this a try. 10/10 !!
76561198000873071,Recommended,242920,9198497,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Lemmium,"I highly recommend this game. It is fully worth the $19.99 price tag. This isn't even an alpha game or beta, it is so well polished and the developer is still planning features to be added. The musical soundtrack is fantastic and the graphics work flawlessly on my 5 year old computer. And unlike certain other games there's no other DRM or internet-requirements for this game."
,Recommended,242920,9201628,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Caboose,"A mix of Stronghold's economic mode, the 2001 castle building game, the Ceaser franchise, and with a splash of addictiveness of a Civilization game. This is a must have for people that love town and city building games. Made form one guy. It is amazing how much detail and easablity is in this game."
,Recommended,242920,9202436,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Whiterin,"The game seems nice, and it's a great concept. There are lots of things to build, and have your people do. There are several issues though I've noticed with the game, and on looking at some other big reviews, it seems to be pretty common.First issue: There is a major, MAJOR balance issue in the game with food. Even with more then half my population, even almost all my population, producing food, they are still starving to death. I don't understand how I could have 20 food producers for 30ish people, and constantly still have people die due to starvation. This really needs to be sorted out, because it's truly game breaking.The second major issue I have noticed, is sometimes when starting a game, your people just simply don't work. They will destroy trees and rocks for resources, but even when your stockpile is full and excess resources are littering the ground, they simply won't build buildings. This isn't all games, it just seems that randomly a game will have this issue. Even with WAAAAY more then enough resources, and even setting high priority, they just simply ignore building things you've set. In the game I just played, where everyone starved to death oddly enough, they FINALLY built a fishing spot almost 4 in game years after I set it. It wasn't even far away either, right next to my stockpile. Almost the whole population died because they just wouldn't build anything...That all said, I'm still going to recommend this game. Once the few issues it does have are fixed, I think it will be a great play."
,Recommended,242920,9202722,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Rokiebottom,"experience the difference of city-building strategy game now, really a worth game"
,Recommended,242920,9192672,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,MarrV,"I love this game, spent 6 hours straight on it without realising. Great detail and amazing job for a 1 man team.The lack of the ever present combat in most of these games makes it more appealing to me, but some people have commented the lack of that has put them off.Will update in due time"
,Recommended,242920,9194693,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Scrove,"This is one of the best city builder I've played in a long time, and though it may not be polished as an AAA game, I found it very fun. It lacks in basic information as it has no real tooltips and the like, but once you understand the basic mechanics it's quite straightforward. The price is reasonable for what the game offers, and if you think it's been developed by a single person, it's all the more impressive."
,Recommended,242920,9207334,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Vatican Karate Gorilla,"I fell asleep whilst playing Banished and listening to Massive Attack. When I awoke everyone had died. I then had a cup of tea and some cheesecake,Best day EVER!"
,Recommended,242920,9207440,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Coupec,"Amazing game, just a bit rough around the edges."
76561198007299642,Recommended,242920,9176806,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[BCMO] buffsboy474,Great game from what I have played! Excited to truly immerse myself in the coming weeks!
,Recommended,242920,9178694,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,KHORNE FLAKES,"Pure joy. This is the type of city builder I have been waiting for since Black and White 2. THIS is what I wanted. Simple, yet mildly challenging. Easy game to just sit back and watch as your filthy, stupid peasants go about their days, oblivious to the divinity that is you.Graphics wise, its pretty good. Not the best, but far from the worst. Think of 2005ish graphics, and that's what you have here. Certainly not complaining about it though.Gameplay wise, nice and relaxed. Listening to music while playing is nice. 20$ well spent, and I cannot wait to see what this game has in store later on.Only downside is unlike Black and White 2, which this game has a nice vibe of, I can't pick up villagers who displease me and toss them across the map, otherwise, it is a damn good game.8/10. Totally recommend to anyone with a sliver of sanity with 20$ trying to burn a hole through their pockets."
76561198024300582,Recommended,242920,9729241,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Vlidmirivichiniskini,I Love Banished! Its just cool. Good game for stratagey
,Recommended,242920,9180646,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Oda,"Slow-paced city builder. Devoid of bandits, wars, and supernatural occurences. The maps are huge, and the resource-management is challenging. Micro-managey, but not to an annoying level.The graphics etc are surprisingly good for a game this extensive and made by one person. The tutorial lets you through the basics in a very consice manner, but you have to find out the rest for yourself. The learning curve might be a bit too steep for people not used to city builders like these. Surviving is HARD if you expand too fast.This is like the good old impressions-games, and worth the money if you miss Zeuz, Pharaoh, etc."
76561198017118812,Recommended,242920,11372233,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Chirri,"Probably my most played Steam game to date. This game is a lot of fun for me, as resource management and builder games go - it's simple, but can also be very unforgiving. Don't expand too quickly, don't switch your focus too slowly, and don't put off necessities for too long.Once you've mastered keeping your collection of people fed, clothed, and equipped with tools, the 30+ achievements can point you in a new direction. The challenges range from something as simple as building a long bridge, to something as specific as maintaining a certain population mark in really harsh conditions for ""enough"" years consecutively (one day, Mountain Men, one day!).This is probably the only town builder game (other than SimCity) I've played that hasn't shoved combat down my throat. The world is frankly dangerous enough without the added complication of resource competition. Just one more reason I enjoy this game."
76561198072548125,Recommended,242920,14399646,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sunshine Tom,"Brutal and brilliant.Enemies won't kill you, poverty and winter will."
,Recommended,242920,10915226,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,David01390,Winter Year 88 : 800 population.... food runninging lowSpring Year 89 : 42 populationWinter Year 90 : Zero PopulationBest 12 hours ive ever spent 10/10
76561198029762191,Recommended,242920,11312108,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,navorskatie,"I enjoy this genre of games and found Banished to be a very good entry into the fray.  There seems to be some difficulty in getting started for some players, but I think that usually reveals itself to be how they think the game mechanics should be, not on how it really is.  For example, queueing up 10 or 15 buildings to be built won't be built very fast, because there will be a constant low-supply of building materials in reserve.  But building 1 or 2 buildings at a time, the villagers will be able to quickly pull from the accumulated reserve stocks and buildings get done quickly.  Many player concerns about how the village should be operating stem based on their opinion stem from assumptions that the game should operate the way they thought.I would recommend this game for sure if you like this genre of city-building games and survival of the city based on your building decisions.If you don't normally play these games but are interested to try it out, then make some careful decisions about how much you might enjoy it versus the price point at which you'd be willing to pay for that experiment to find out."
,Recommended,242920,12892727,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,☪Greensniper888☪,if this game was a patato it would be a good patato
,Recommended,242920,13270480,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,B U B S,Takes a while to get into but when you do it's great
76561198043068841,Recommended,242920,13950530,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Pile of Spinach,"-Got started off-One family hogged 300/350 of our potatoes-While bickering over food is going on, a child name Demon was born-All of the children start dying-After the children, the adults fall to the Demon's lair aswell-I'm left with a child named Demon and a ghost city2/10 people need to learn to share their potatoes"
,Recommended,242920,14347907,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,deebis,"Starving sim. People break tools, can't build blacksmith to make tools, eventually somehow makes blacksmith, blacksmith doesn't have tools to make tools....... Everyone starved. 10/10 would starve again"
,Recommended,242920,14628993,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Slip,Is this what it's like to play a video game without screaming?I like it.
,Recommended,242920,14711358,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,[QLtC]Harriet!,"Great game! A little buggy but that doesn't really affect gameplay until you're hours into a town, and it's still playable. Great graphics and atmosphere and a great historical city builder :)"
,Recommended,242920,14665232,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Snipegator,"This game is incredibily frustrating. I telll my colony to build food sources, and harvest resources. They decide, they should get firewood from the resverves and pick up food from the storage shed. I tell them to build a forester lodge and a well, We run out of resources and they decide, they are cold and hungry and need to go home, instead of gathering wood and stone. Then 11hrs later a building catches fire or a tornado blows through and everything I've tried so hard to do, is lost! Then you gou back and start again. I would recomend to play this game with some mods to enhance the experience."
,Recommended,242920,14733784,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,chipedwood,"The reviews about a lack of campaign worried me after reading the reviews, I thought maybe there would be little to draw me back to my settlements or the game in general.However there are a lot of cool concepts to keep me entertained. It is in no way an easy game, you think you've got everythig under control them Boom everyones dieing and there's nothing you can do!I think this game was missing from my life, now I have a game to chill and build on, looks beautiful and runs really well maxxed on my aging gaming rig.Ive had more time playing and finding it quite challenging still. Impresses me how people die of starvation while walking through a feild of fresh plumbs,  it seems I have created the first world, when the shop nearby is out of food they die!"
,Recommended,242920,10607764,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TheGreyMan,"The best game of its kind, very addictive with massive replay ability. I got this game as soon as it was released and I don't rgret a thing. A must have."
,Recommended,242920,11001539,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dark Oluja,"I quiet love this game.  I hope they will be adding in new buildings and maybe even allow banished to go some into the future.  Great game i must admit, but still needs work.<animale husbandry would be an awesome thing to have so we can use our animals as mounts and pack animals to help speed up the work time."
,Recommended,242920,15490859,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,40.,Maybe the hardest city building game out there. Very detailed Ag system too. Tons of hours to be had if you have never played this game.
,Recommended,242920,10650133,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PaperThick,"I played for 10 hours straight and only stopped because my banishees refused to drink their beers, severely hampering my progression.  The fact that this game is a labour of love from one brilliant mind is extremely impressive."
76561198099832614,Recommended,242920,11506362,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,tyith009,"I loved this game, its relaxing and tranquil while yet strategically and challenging. I've played a lot of civ or city building games in the past but this one definitely has a very unique feel to it 9 out of 10 for me."
,Recommended,242920,10962148,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sealion,"Terrible game, when I bought it I was transported into an alternate universe where I was forced to oversee the villagers of ""Dongtown"". I was forced to micromanage these peoples lives for the majority of my day for 3 days straight. Finally after successfully getting the town to a point where it could support 200+ people and sustain itself with the highest level of gear available, 53 nomads show up wanting to join in on the fun.Considering how 80% of the population was enlisted in farming, gathering, hunting, or whatever other food generating job, and that we had 30,000 units of food in storage, it should be fine, right? What is another 53 people going to do to disrupt that??Immediately the food stores started rapidly dropping, and even upon completion of more food generating sources, it stayed low and over 150 people died of starvation in the next 2-3 years. You'd think it would stabilize since literally EVERYONE's job was food generation and we supported more people than it evened out at before. But, no, everyone kept dieing of starvation despite the thousands of units of food stored right next to their homes.I left those people to their own demise, if they are that stupid, I will aid them no longer.Farewell Dongtown.."
,Recommended,242920,10966937,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,FirstGeekDanny,"Very Very Addictive... This game REALLY needs a warning label!I have always loved city building games, from the first SimCity to the latest abomination... This game takes all of the past and makes it fun, challenging and almost impossible to put down..."
76561198013559996,Recommended,242920,10917511,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Khan,"You have to be patient while playing this game folks,it is not easy. But really addictive game."
76561198029114255,Recommended,242920,10848471,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Polly4,"A very good game in my opinion, even though i have only bought it today and played just three hours of it. xD (Mostly just doing this for the badge.) I think the graphics are decent, but i would like to be able to zoom in further and some sort of missions or campaign would be pretty good too. It's pretty easy to get the hang of and the tutorials are good (slightly boring, but most tutorials are and they do give a decent explanation of the game) The buildings look great, but would like to see more in future updates. :) The maps are pretty sweet, plenty of room, but not really a lot going on- generally a lot of forests and rivers with the odd annoying hill/mountain in the way and you only get two choices, valley, or mountainous.Edit- Having played this game more since i wrote this review  (mostly since MOD support has been released, as i did get bored of it when i built everything in a very successful town) i would just like to add a few things. MOD support is now (mostly) up and running though there are still some issues, which i am sure will be sorted soon. And though there aren't a considerable amount of MODs (yet) the few which have been released are brilliant! And have really renewed my interest in the game, as i now have several more buildings i can build plus more animals, crops and things and this is just the beginining. I can't wait for more. :)Though the one thing that bugs me is that each time you download a new MOD you have to start a new game as it cannot add that new MOD into an existing game, as it crashes. Which is annoying, but not the end of the world i guess. Will just have to download several MODs at a time before starting a new game.Overall it is a super game and i would totally recommend it. :D"
,Recommended,242920,9250393,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Waverunner,I have more time played on this game than I do SimCity.
,Recommended,242920,14628569,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,EloiseTheGamer,"Best Town/Village building game I have played in awhile. If you love collecting materials such as food, wood, stone, iron ect.. you should like this. I love how you can speed up the game play aswell otherwise you would be waiting a while to buildbuildings. Very additive.Good graphics. I'm glad there is a mini map as its easy to use and click to where you want to go. Although the rain falling has been a pain I turned it off in the settings so i couldn't see it Lol. Mods also come in handy and adds a little more to the game.Brilliant game I love it"
76561197977500036,Recommended,242920,9811466,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Mrblue,"I was excited for the reboot of simcity last year and like pretty much everyone else was horribly dissapointed. This game has restored my faith in city building games. It is complex and if you do not use the wiki you will have a blast failing many many times. I would advise trying it on hard and just learning from that as I found easy it to be just a little simple even my first try. Ive put hours into this game and am still not finished. The graphics are incredible, they may look a little dated but this is done by one guy. The idea that a mod kit is coming out soon is just amazing. Once the community becomes invovled I think this game will explode more then it already has. This is easily a 30$ or 40$ game, for 20$ it is a steal! BUY AND YOU WILL ENJOY!"
76561198024562205,Recommended,242920,9812998,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Simple Sausage,Awesome game.  I really enjoy it...SAWEEET!
76561198080947886,Recommended,242920,14806987,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Darkraven,"A game for those with patience.  I found it very difficult at first to find the right strategy to start building the town without many citizens dying off from starvation or cold.  Once I had found my way around, the game became very addictive."
,Recommended,242920,14843613,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Keith,"This game is a nice way to relax. That is if you manage to get through your first days, weeks or year. I find amusement in the horribly generated names the children get and ...Well, one of my first villagers died by falling off of a ladder after I built a Tavern.10/10"
76561198144478334,Recommended,242920,14812563,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Theneonviper,This games alright but don't pay full price it's not worth it because it gets repetitive.
,Recommended,242920,14809589,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Tittyburgers,"Awesome game. Good pace, not too fast. Would highly recommend if you enjoy Sim/city building games"
76561197993561088,Recommended,242920,14665640,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hamsta,Fantastic game. I enjoyed it for many hours and i think its time to return ;) Beats Anno
76561198067209983,Recommended,242920,9245537,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,N1tromad,i dont know why but this game is very addictive im yet to get over 70 seltters and restarted countless times but i keep going back for more. if you play settlers for the eco side you will love this game there are bugs but name a game that bug free ! i can easly lose 5-6 hours on this game in one go
76561198009701571,Recommended,242920,10328053,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,sleepingpanzer,"If you are a fan of city-building games, this is a game to get. It has a tough, and even somewhat brutal learning curve, but nothing that would discourage someone from starting a new town. If I had to complain about something, it seems to rain and snow relentlessly on my poor villagers!All in all, a good solid game. I look forward to the updates and possible expansions in the future."
,Recommended,242920,9208352,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Slother,"Do you like city builders? Do you like survival-style games? Do you like trying to attain equilibrium of your resources, while being ready for disaster?This game was made by ONE GUY and it's the most bug-free game I've ever played. For 20$, you can't go wrong. at all."
,Recommended,242920,31211917,Posted: 17 April,all,Nips,Build a town for hours just so a tornado can come in and ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up fam.
,Recommended,242920,27958450,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Yoshino,"Overpopulation and aging of the workforce. Two of the worst problems facing humanity and, guess what? Two of the worst problems you will be facing for the entirety of this game. Even though I have already played other ""build a civilization"" type of games, none of them adressed these two simple questions, which is what led me to buy Banished."
76561198289446398,Recommended,242920,23904884,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,wts4832,"It's an okay game.  Once you familiar with it, you start to feel boring."
,Recommended,242920,32011690,Posted: 27 May,all,anima,"Very, Complex, fun, and Nice game!"
76561197972871079,Recommended,242920,32055703,Posted: 29 May,all,Bastion Kain,"Love this game. on easy, it's pretty easy but the difficulty can really be ramped up and the game remains enjoyable.I wish the base game had more options for construction. Fortunately adding mods is easy and there are plenty to play with to add even more to the experience."
76561198108512171,Recommended,242920,11956477,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,stephenxseagull,"I built a bustling town with full employment, peak productivity and healthy and happy citizens with grand plans for expansion. Except I forgot to build any new houses for 15 years so nobody had any babies (presumably too shy on account of the overcrowded squalor). By the time I noticed it was already too late and everyone died of old age. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,242920,31981487,Posted: 26 May,all,Hilamonsta,It's good but it feels unsatisfying in the late game
76561198124168695,Recommended,242920,31986031,Posted: 26 May,all,Frog,"Enough challenging food, disease, and home management to give you 30 hours of sweet gameplay."
,Recommended,242920,17685768,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,krutozena,"It is extremely hard to build a functional village, where nobody is starving to death. It takes time to learn what you have to build and what stocks you should have in order to keep your citizens happy and alive. Even when you manage everything and you finally have a happy wealthy town, unexpected food production decline happens, or something, and half of your population die.Thanks to all this there is never a dull moment. You will be proud of your growing village and you will cherish every newborn citizen. It is fun and I can spend hours playing the game, losing the track of time.If you like building strategies and prefer the challenging ones, you will love Banished."
76561198041452561,Recommended,242920,18201643,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Rattja,"Built a town and it was going well. Then everyone started to only get male babies and population plummited from 40 to 20.Ended up with 18 men waiting for the only female to turn 10 to repopulate the town.It's a cruel world, and you better be prepared."
76561198104564730,Recommended,242920,18011456,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,XEliteWhisperX,"great game extremely hard to get used to if you play alot of these types of games, once you have worked out the basics the rest of the game is great highly recommend."
76561198206011079,Recommended,242920,17694991,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,PowerWithin,"Very relaxing game without violence, which I like a lot.Challenging it can be if you don´t figure out micromanaging. =)My first game on Steam and one of my favorites."
,Recommended,242920,17257204,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Psychedelic_Brew,"A great city-builder game, landscapes look awesome and the music is pretty great. What REALLY makes the game awesome is the Steam Workshop compatibility and how easy it is to install and play with mods."
,Recommended,242920,17300483,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Spicy Spaghetti,"Had an uneducated 10 year old as a teacher. He did the same job until he died of old age. Godspeed, Tommy."
,Recommended,242920,17938521,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,giovaniblank,"This game is great.Just I miss some things in it that I imagine could be deployed.Example.Guards - Police station - Crimes.Brothel.Money - Bank.Port for disembarkation of persons or some other means of the genre.""Maybe a train"".It comes at a time where the game gets a bit aimless. You balance the economy, food and number of inhabitants and not much left to do.With these new options do I believe that the game could be more fun or keep people playing for longer."
76561198100237389,Recommended,242920,17370529,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Lord Bedford,"Banished is a great game for anyone who enjoys watching your town grow overtime. While this game lacks advancements in technology, something I would have personaly enjoyed, its progression system is still enjoyable. Keep in mind however this game will test you as you will fail often and trust me watching your town go down in flames is tough, but its still fair and enjoyable. The variation in the vanila game is limited, but there are plenty of talented modders working hard to grow the game. Once again this game is highly recomended for anyone who enjoys these games."
,Recommended,242920,17438242,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Twitchl,"To be frank, I never tend to stick to city builder games for very long. However Banished is a special exception.Quite a while ago I discovered this game through GenerikB's spotlight. The game seemed so different from other city builders. Instead of visibly being able to see the balance of needs, you have to watch what happens to the town and figure it out from there. People are dying, they have low health, they are cold. Whatever the issue is, instead of simply looking at a graph - you have to check each of the steps. Is there enough leather? Enough variety of food? Are the deaths random or do they have a cause? Enough producers? Enough manufacturers?This game is about fighting to stay alive and creating the simple basics it takes to create a township.  Banished's gameplay is balanced and user-friendly. At the very beginning there is a learning curve and the very first town is likely to die due to some oversite. However with time, frinding that balance becomes easier.This is where I have a few problems with the game. The game itself is wonderful, but what keeps the gameplay going is the mods. Making modding very simple has added many more hours of gameplay to it. These mods make up for what the base game lacks. The base game is very limited, there are only so many different types of buildings and once you've mastered the ins and outs of the game, Finding the proper balance becomes too easy, and expanding  into a large town becomes dull. The character pathing needs to be improved, as that shouldn't have to be modded. Adding more variety and complexity to the games, and what keeps coming to mind is the Colonial Charter mod. It adds the opportunity to treade and create new items that would let the small town get more moddern items and luxeries. Each item has it's own purpose, and the step to create the final product requires time, space, and massive rescources. These final products end up in small numbers and sell for a high price, allowing the town to buy more expensive items that it's lacking. The base game lacks the ""end game"" entirely. All the fun is during the initial struggle to survive the first few winters- it needs more variety and substance for after the town becomes established.For anyone who is considering buying the game, if you like rescource management games this is the game for you. It's well worth the money, and it will be a long time before you fully understand the working of the entire game. My complaints are coming from the point of someone who's put in 98 hours of their life into this game (and absolutely will continue to put more hours in) . All of my issues and problems arose once I became very expirenced with the game. If you end up loving the game as much as I do, adding mods won't be a problem. There is only a moddest number of mods out there, but each one seems to address individual problems. Some revamp the entire game, like the ones previosuly mentioned, and there are many small mods that change bits and peices that create the game to your personal taste.Be prepaired for brutal beginnings, there will be death."
,Recommended,242920,17276923,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Hairy Dwarf,It is a bit challenging to me but its a great game
76561198020080354,Recommended,242920,17279525,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Queen_Merciful,"Difficult to master, but insanely addictive!"
76561198051170377,Recommended,242920,17590973,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Tsal Vlaxitov,"Probably the most fun simple game of the sort I've played since Stronghold Crusader.This game was a bargain for hours of good entertainment it provided at the price.10/10, would buy again."
76561198053610061,Recommended,242920,17498555,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,hippielettuce,"slow the game pace, kick back, smoke a little and watch ur town thrive"
76561198042027267,Recommended,242920,19798661,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ZuperZocker,"Bought this on sale awhile back, found the initial game play to be semi-challenging. However, after reading a few tutorials, it is playable.I would highly recommend this game as a ""I'm drinking at home alone, and I need something to do besides watch '90s music videos""."
,Recommended,242920,19741827,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,HipaHipa,"So this is my dream,, in my real life i want to escape from my bad society that was so sick, so i can start new civilization based on love and justice for all, so i starting my little village with my family we live and work together to fulfill our dream to build our own lovely society..."
76561198093039723,Recommended,242920,17893909,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,"Vladimir ""Rook"" Lenin","Great game to waste some time,really good.....until your people dont know how to put out a fire,but kappa."
,Recommended,242920,29195853,Posted: 11 January,all,Princess Milky,"Banished offers a great deal of replay value along with a rather fun initial game that takes quite a little while to perfect. It's at these times you start to really be careful about how you plan out your city and go for the actually challenging achievments that make you want to keep coming back. Even then it's fun to test all the options out and while there really is no end game goal except surviving, the modding community seems to be alive and well and add a great amount of possibility to what you can do with this survival slash city/town builder simulation. At the end of the day it can be both challenging and relaxing.Managing everything and thing and then thinking you had a good set up only to watch everything burn to the ground. It's FUN!I genuinly love this game. The graphics are easy on the computer and it is beautiful. The villager names can be hilarious and you have some ""what the heck?"" moments.9/10 in my books"
76561197961129721,Not Recommended,242920,15518627,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Mad Gary,"TL;DR?  I got this on sale and feel I got my moneys worth.  Zero replayability.On paper, this should have been my ideal game, a near-zen like city builder.  But the repetativeness, the constant chasing of food supplies and seemingly random deaths.  I can't really say anything that hasn't been eloquently put my many people on here."
76561198075728374,Recommended,242920,14216873,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,IanTheLegionaire,Great example of a city builder game and I am proud to call myself a fan of this game...oh you guys want what its about? OK! You lead a group of exiled traveler and try to make a suitable home for them in and unknown land...HAVE FUN! :D
,Recommended,242920,14633386,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Dead Jezebel,"this game is awesome! period.Pros: Basically everything including the awesome modding groupsCons (kinda): meh, i wouldnt mind more building types but it has a lot as it is."
,Recommended,242920,21264791,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,BiTiPi | IDIOT MAGNET,> Build tavern beside the Chapel> Tornado comes and kill half my population> Nomad comes and I got my population back.> Build another tavern in the front of the Chapel> Another Nomad come and caused starvation> Just watching my entire population diedDefinitely would build another Tavern. 10 Tavern/10
76561198210188745,Recommended,242920,21188697,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SirJimmyProvince,A very simple story but complex gameplay. I still prefer Tropico 5.
,Recommended,242920,21008972,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Aeridian,"Everyone died. Nice game though, 5/7 would recommend."
76561197960340296,Recommended,242920,22917028,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,PibbZ,"This game is wonderful. I recommend playing it with the Colonial Charter mod, which adds tons of replayability."
,Recommended,242920,22118563,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,|Kila|¹ •҉Delicate Cheese,"Pros- Lots of guides if your new- Hilarious when all your people die because of starvation- Natural disasters reck your sh*t- Has a relaxing soundtrack- Cheaper then any Tropico game- Developed by 1 dude- And so much more!Cons- Sometimes when you get super huge and you lose all your people you can get really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- no Co-opPro or Con- Isn't a game you can just play for 20 minutes, when you play it you play it for HOURS!13 monkeys outta 7 narwhalesThats somewhere inbetween ""my♥♥♥♥♥hurts in this chair and f*ck the waitress"" -George Carlin"
76561198016613850,Recommended,242920,20628037,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Schryver Ondoot,"Hard to learn, takes some time to get good, but if you got it it's sooo worth the hard work. Great game."
76561198041636869,Recommended,242920,21248174,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Brother Alpha,"A city building game where the difficulty ranges from intense to punishing. There is also a wide variety of Mods to help with some aspects, but having mods disables achievements. It is still a great game, but not if you like a more casual experience."
76561198030308926,Recommended,242920,21485294,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Extreme Player,"Awesome Game! The difficulty of the game gives it the unforgiving feal of a survival game.  I do mean like a survival game, I have played this alot and have learned alot on how to survive. The goal (in my opinion) is not to make a huge civilization but to make a prosperous one. The whole game is very difficult to grasp at first but after a few hours and dead citizens later and as you get the feal of the game, is when it really starts to get fun. I would reccomend it to peole who like a challenge and like survival games and/or city building games. Try not to let a one year old get married to a twenty-one year old."
,Recommended,242920,23842338,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Phthalia,It's pretty fun :)
,Recommended,242920,25600263,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Onde mande,"A pretty fun city building game that is easy to understand but can still be challenging. The graphic is good but isn't very demanding spec wise, and the modding community is pretty active too."
,Recommended,242920,29746765,Posted: 6 February,all,Tiramisu,"While difficult, this game is genuinly refreshing. Unlike the likes of Sim City and Tropico, this game focuses further on how weather effects your villagers, how much of every resource you have, and death. Personally, there was a massive learning curve. My villagers died constantly, and I'd have to much of one thing, and then bam! The winter has come and everyone freezes to death. That is what makes this game. It is challenging in pleasant way, it will kick your butt but you will learn from your experiences and go way further later.The music and art of this game is more or less basic. You will hear the same song in a constant loop, and the sound effects are OK, not annoying but not the greatest. The art is simple, but it fits the tone of the game. Everything is clear and the interface is very easy to understand and maniupluate. My only gripe is sometimes things will get in the way, and things will close without notice. There are steam workshops available for this game, which I have not tried, but I am pleased to see that they allow that.If there was a scale, I'd give this game a 7/10. If they improved the music, the graphics, and maybe added a bit more depth into it, it would be as popular as the other games of its kind.Pick this up when there is a sale, it is not expensive, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,242920,25341885,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,r0tara,"I normaly find it hard to get into these sort of games, but i literaly cannot stop playing this. its challenging in the sence of if you forget about something, theres a good chance its going to affect your people. but that doesnt mean game over, you jsut might struggle for a little while.i have lost most of my people countless times to hunger, and i only just got the game yesterday. i finnaly managed to keep enough food input, but now everyones dieing of old age and i dont have many people to replace them.this game is seriously addicting, i highly recomend getting it."
76561197987027019,Recommended,242920,9198063,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,zOmbIE,"Amazing little town building game, love it!Easy to pick up and play, difficult to master."
76561198078679501,Recommended,242920,11113091,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,or29544,"This indie city builder is fantastic. It's unbelievable how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-free this game is. It has all the good stuff and none of the crap. Even starting a new game is just a click away. The game configuration screen features only the essential options. Even the tutorial is optional. If you just want a clean, straight to the point city builder, look no further. The graphics are excellent, the pacing is good, you have lots of buildings and lots of work to do. I recommend this game. It's the city builder I always wanted."
,Recommended,242920,11208438,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,wickdlowki,"I was really pessimistic about this one.  After all, who needs another resource/city management style of game.  This one, however, is a must.  So, here we go:Pros:Graphics are gorgeous on high settings.It is very unforgiving.  A challenge worth experiencing.Not really one you can set and walk away from, things happen quickly.Disease's and bugs.  After all, everyone loves a good case of Diptheria, or measles, or an infestation on your crops or herds.Micromanagement is spot on, if you don't you can kill your entire camp in a matter of months.The ways people die are kind of funny, ""Henry the tailor was crushed by a rock""Sound is decent, not great, but decent.Natural disasters.Fire...your gonna need a lot of wells, trust meNice tutorialCons:Its very unforgiving...you will restart many times, many, many times.Your only goal, manage a city.Lots of little things that can push a mid range pc to its limits.It does get repetitive, hopefully they fix this on later patches.Whos it for:Anyone that likes city/resource management games that are challenging.  Some might find the $20 price a little much, it is worth it, even more so at half off.  Pick it up."
76561198190655621,Recommended,242920,20500957,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Noelos237,"Lovely little game, can be very challenging at times, but overall it is a very well done in every aspect.10/10"
,Recommended,242920,10799155,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Snacksy13,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is awesome, an alomst (the citizens don't allways behave like you want them to) perfect small city builder with more focus on survival difficulty! (simcity5 grumble grumble). It looks so easy, but all the mechanics stack up on you which leads to finaly, your town going in to a unstoppable death spiral.If you are looking for a city builder with difficulty, beauty and micromanagment this is the game for you."
76561198012216060,Not Recommended,242920,26307329,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,My Wife Left Me,"As someone who enjoys RTS games like Age of Empires or Company of Heros, Banish has to be one of those games that has its own unique gameplay. By unique, i meant that there is no fighting or competing against an enemy.GAMEPLAY:You start out with a group of people that are out in the middle of nowhere with only a storage barn and few supplies. The game implies that you must survive by commanding your people do build, gather food, and cutting fire wood (which is very important) so you can with stand the harsh wheather and the cold winter. You can also give people jobs like docters, miners and all that. You can have children but most likley take up most of the food if you have to many. Gathering food has to be the most pain in the butt because people will consume that when winter comes. Hunting cabins will most likely do nothing for you because you have to pray that atleast one deer will enter its range before its all gone because your kids are starving. When I first started playing this game, I came in thinking this game had a goal. Unfortunatley as it is just a sand box game there was no goal unless you consider doing everything in a repeated cycle like building, gathering etc. Then congratulations you completly waisted 114 hours playing this game. The game is really repetitive and you will most likely never touching this game ever again. Instead of waiting to see how my people starve to death in the next 3 winters. I would like to see some satisfactory from this game. The only thing that was satisfying was when a trade boat that came with farm animals and diffrent seeds which was a pain to wait. Once you've gotten everything and you feel like you completed the game, You can cover the whole map with a hunting cabin next to another hunting cabin just so you can never feel the pain of that one deer that is outside of your hunting range.I'd rate this game a 5/10 Needs more hunting cabins."
,Recommended,242920,20017803,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Oatmeal,I recommend this game to experienced players but not for beginners.I've never played a city building game before and find this game punishing.  The balance between surviving and struggling is razor thin and when things start to go bad they tend to go bad fairly quickly.  No idea how you ever get your city to thrive.I played on the easiest settings I could find and it became frustrating.  I may explore some guides or install some mods to see if it can become more forgiving or if I'm too new to this genre to be ready for this game.
,Recommended,242920,9198310,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,[DF] PopCap,"I simply love this game! It has a very beautiful landscape, and non-stop gameplay trying to keep your citizens happy. It is also challenging making it even more fun."
,Recommended,242920,27895925,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Midget Mafia,"If Jesus can walk on water, can he swim on land?"
76561198007267377,Recommended,242920,32778549,Posted: 25 June,all,Khalifa1990,Amazing game and it can eat your time with fun :D Also it has some of future advance thinking of keeping up jobs and food resources for the future kids with some stratigec saving of food.
,Recommended,242920,30007410,Posted: 18 February,all,salamacon,i have to uninstall the game every time i download a mod
,Recommended,242920,32747928,Posted: 24 June,all,Thomas,"This game is fantastic. I've played almost 300 hours and I keep getting back to this. No fighting, just building, expanding and managing resources. The most important resource of all: human hands to fill the jobs. I love it.When you've gotten the grasp of the vanilla game and want an increased challenge, or just want to have more resources, buildings, and jobs to play with: I recommend adding the mod ""Colonial Charter"" which feels more like an extension than a mod."
76561198044767922,Recommended,242920,32815124,Posted: 26 June,all,Justy,"I love this game!And once you have figured out and are bored with the base game, there is a free mod ""Colonial Charter"", that just adds more fun (and so many more types of seeds, animals and buildings) to the game again!Every time I feel a bit at peace with the balance between resources and people, some random disaster ends up making it again a challenge.Maybe worth mentioning is, that the entire game is about building and managing resources (and keeping your citizens happy and healthy). There is no war going on, nobody invading your country. Which makes this game quite relaxing to play for me, but some might find it boring.In overall, for the price I got it (around £3), it was definitely worth buying!"
,Recommended,242920,21678615,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Apaleftos 🎧,"Amazing game!One of the best I have played in steam.The main quest is to create a flourishing community (town or something like that). The only enemy is starvation, the cold,  illnesses and other natural disasters that kill your population.It's like a strategy game but without enemies and armies.I haven't played any similar game in order to compare it with them but I believe that Banished is as good as any of them."
,Recommended,242920,32901157,Posted: 27 June,all,Ross.665,"A surprisingly peaceful colony building game. A easy time sink, where you can spend hours just building, planning, and building again. I definitely think the game is worth it, especially since it was developed by one individual."
76561198073211562,Recommended,242920,32929997,Posted: 28 June,all,Mathilde,banished is a wery funny and difficult game. I can game fore huers with out getting boraed and i wood deffently recoment this game.
,Recommended,242920,32933053,Posted: 28 June,all,Kistesved,Its all about them berries.
76561198098256176,Recommended,242920,13653870,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Uroplatus_phan,Excellent game.
,Recommended,242920,16544232,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Green Cube [GER],"Banished is a very simple but intersting building game, have fun by trading ressources build you city and watch you little citzens ;)"
,Recommended,242920,9857693,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Hell.FG.Madmonster,This Game has to be one of my Fav City Building Games. very will built.
,Recommended,242920,9890571,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,supremelorderik,"Banished has a learning curve that is steep, due mostly to the fact that your first intuition regarding how to survive is not always going to be correct. Your town will survive, but will suffer massive starvation years on multiple occasions as you gauge how to properly manage food and firewood production. After several hours of tinkering before finally getting a balance I liked, and restarting my town a half dozen times due solely to a desire to succeed from the beginning, it is finally coming together in a fun, zen-like city builder."
,Recommended,242920,10539903,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Entze,"I would defently recommend this game to you. I have lost myself into that game for hours and hours of playing and I simply cannot get off.Firstly the most of you are going to say: ""Yeah I've beaten tons of economic games, I will beat this one too!"" But as you play you will witness the unique difficulty of the game.On the other hand you are able to just relax in Ez mode. As you desire...Totally worth it!"
76561197961875012,Recommended,242920,9405819,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,|bLK*| Killian,"Probably the best PC game ever created by a single person with the exception of minecraft which now has a full dev team, cannot wait to see what the development community comes up with. Keep up the great work guy, you deserve every penny!Oh and to the kids demanding multiplayer or some sort of battles as an end game, feel free to code it up like this guy did instead of telling him how he should be doing things. You got a computer, make it yourself!Not an easy game, Overexpansion and underexpansion are key factors, this game is about food, clothes, and medicine.. not world domination. Survival en mass is not an easy thing to do, makes you appreciate what humanity goes through in a basic survival setting. Everyone has to do their part or everyone suffers."
76561198059749599,Recommended,242920,29382281,Posted: 20 January,all,Dragongirl89,"I wish there was multiplayer on this game, think it would be fun :)"
,Recommended,242920,9435601,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Literally,"What an amazingly simple and entertaining game. It's challenging and constantly asks for you to adapt and plan ahead, but it does this out of necessity because you're the one who made it so. I'm looking forward to more updates to give more objectives but so far it's addicting and I haven't felt that feeling for many years."
,Recommended,242920,32327224,Posted: 10 June,all,orrenson,It be good.
76561198030751455,Recommended,242920,16428062,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,deabury,"can dry out fast, but the sale price i paid has been worth the hours played"
76561198004363328,Recommended,242920,9204981,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Bjcomings,"Really good game, although not like other city sims, where you like to build 10 things...then fastforward.....this will result in alot of things going wrong fast,no quests, objectives, just survive...last the harsh winter, grow your crops, heards and all that jazz in the spring, summer, harvest before the snow comes or your peeps will die lol.its a very nice game but i woundnt say its for everyone..."
76561198042480784,Recommended,242920,12986492,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Hey Zeus,The only game where having hours of progress destroyed in seconds actually made me want to continue playing.
,Recommended,242920,14242319,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Havryl,"Initial ImpressionsWhile I'm not as proficient at min/maxing the resources and other various factors at play, I find that I play these games purely for the creation and design aspects. One resource that surprisingly adds a certain flavor to the game is the idea of an aging population.Yes, your citizens will die out;yes, you need to plan for your citizens to procreate; andyes, despite my first town burning down, dooming my citizens to an early demise through starvation or freezing, I would play again.Current ConsiderationsAfter a few replays and failed towns, I finally got into the mindset of building a stable population with the proper resource framework. It all finally clicked together and I found myself wanting more out of this game. More ofsomething. I found what I was looking for through the burgeoning modding community as well as the various beginning map conditions.Future FixationsMy fickle nature aside, I cannot stress how much this game satisfies my city building hunger pangs. The replay value of this game is further bolstered by the various mods that can be installed. Suffice it to say, Banished is a keeper in my game collection."
76561198140257724,Recommended,242920,14649826,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mimer,"Nice and peaceful town builder. If I'd complain about anything, it would be the disasters feature. Without it, I find the game too peaceful. With it, you might get real disasters that'll ♥♥♥♥ up your town in no-time (yes I'm talking about the tornadoes). The only other threat the game offers is nomads - accepting them to your town is a quick way to boost your population, but they'll run through your storages and unless you're very well supplied you might face starvation or freezing."
76561198000915278,Recommended,242920,14238724,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,My Knee Grows,"If you like a city builder game with no real objectives except the ones you set for yourself, then this is the game for you.  It's easy at first, like a casual stroll through the park with a light breeze on your face.  Suddenly that light breeze become a storm of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that hits you in the face.  While I'll admit the game gets annoying with never ending array of probems it throws at your village, (from tornados, to plagues, to sudden food shortages) it makes the game challenging and exciting with never a dull moment.  The enviroments the game generates are also all very good making every new map different from the last on you played on."
76561198146687992,Recommended,242920,22141073,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,kespeppercorn,"This game is soooo addictive. If you are looking for action and thrills this is not the game for you.This is a simple yet very difficult city builder/community manager where you have to balance the needs of food/warmth/fuel etc to ensure that the community survives and doesn't die out.It took me a lot of trial and error to get a community to survive to have whirlwinds/famine/disease kill off my little people.There are a lot of mods for this game, but just beware that you only get the achievements if you play in vanilla (No mods) mode.This is a simple and charming game...enjoy!"
,Recommended,242920,15752892,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jignutzbabybro,"One man, One game, More than One update? Early Access that actually did it right? Shocking.Fun little town builder, make it hard, make it easy, you'll have fun."
,Recommended,242920,18890726,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Dapper,The best city builder :)
76561198038301173,Not Recommended,242920,15618130,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Jacobo AU,"When i first saw this game, I was impressed by what I read about it. So when it went up on sale, I bought it. However the game has some major issues. The AI is hopeless. Their pathfinding needs to be fixed, they refuse to work conisistently or at all even with full happiness and health. If starving, the AI will wander aimlessly instead of going in search of food. That said I did actually enjoy the game and took pride in my village of 500+ citizens. But the game also lacks replayability. its one of those games where all you keep doing is building the same resource providing structures over and over. One building for each structure. even with the mods that add a bit of depth it still has that blandness to it. Overall if its cheap, its not  bad game to play, but at the price of $20 i would not recommend."
76561197994197066,Recommended,242920,9366705,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Pronewbi3,"Banished is a unique and somewhat unforgiving take on the city building genre. The game puts you in charge of a small colony of people that have just arrived in a strange, (and randomly generated), land. The game requires you to make sure your people are fed, have housing (and warmth!), tools, and clothes to survive with. On the surface it seems very much like your typical sim...where the difference lies is the difficulty! If you react too soon to a problem - you spread your self too thin and you limit your growth. Do it too late and you do not have time to adjust. For example: waiting until your almost out of food to build more farms..by the time the crops are planted and harvested (which take an entire season in game). Your people will have already started to die off. The game can be hard..but it also has a very rewarding feeling when you manage to grow your little hamlet of 20 people to a sprawling town of 500+. If your looking for a more serious take on a sim game I say give this one a try. Just be ready to watch your people freeze/starve/be crushed by rocks/eaten by boars for your first few games. Highly recommended!"
76561198024844012,Recommended,242920,32661399,Posted: 22 June,all,sylith,"This is one of the few games I'm much better at than my husband.  His people all starve and freeze, while my villages flourish and multiply.This makes me happy."
,Recommended,242920,32892213,Posted: 27 June,all,Moe ilia,"Great game, very fun !"
,Recommended,242920,33473423,Posted: 12 July,all,Aggro,"City builders are usually hard for me, this one is no exception. I've had around 3 different runs and each time I make a mistake which costs me my entire town. I don't know what the scope of this game is but I struggle to get past 60 citizens. When a citizen is starving they don't look for food until they're dead and students/kids just die from starvation regardless of the food in storage.It's a fun game, but only for a few hours. It made some of my work days less boring, I plan to revisit it when I learn a bit more about it."
,Recommended,242920,9225370,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Reznor,"Plays a lot like dwarf fortress, including breeding happy peopledorfs intent on breeding their way to victory."
76561198212645799,Recommended,242920,33455472,Posted: 11 July,all,[L.E.S] Pharaoh,Really nice city builder games that I ever played and have a lots of beautiful countryside house.
,Recommended,242920,10930469,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Deaglebird,sus
,Not Recommended,242920,31188582,Posted: 16 April,all,Squashbuckler,"Not a bad city building game, but fairly simplistic and I would recommend other alternatives that have more depth."
,Recommended,242920,32710564,Posted: 23 June,all,Col. Creamcheese,"Difficult in the best possible way. Relaxing and stressful at the same time.Pros+Amazing resource managment+Can be incredibly difficult+Super satisfying when things are going wellCons-Housing system doesn't make a ton of sense, your community can collapse very easily if you're not careful-Limited scope (but... mods so...)I hope you like your games hard."
76561198087556233,Recommended,242920,10511076,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,[53e/501st]Ginny,i cant start the game the game fuzzes
76561198035584574,Recommended,242920,22079785,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Jake,"Funny challenging game, but when you figure out how to survive past the initial challenge, you sort of start missing a technology system, or something."
76561198129177671,Recommended,242920,9602392,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,geo.1990,"I was extremely excited when I first saw the preview for this game. So excited that I immediately got a Steam account, found the game, and bought it. I downloaded it and began playing immediately, and at first it seemed absolutely fantastic! I couldn't believe how well done everything was. The graphics are great, the maps enormous, the interface, music, and gameplay are all fantastic.However, as I continued to play, I found that there were still a lot of wrinkles to be ironed out, should the developer decide to take the time to do so. The most glaring problem, by far, is the food-shortage issue. As soon as your adult population breaks the 25 - 30 mark, you will inevitably find that if you don't have EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM producing food, you will wind up with an unmanageable food-shortage. Very soon, your people will begin to starve and die at an alarming rate. Either that, or you'll do what I do and transfer almost three-quarters of your workers over to food-production. Which of course leads to massive shortages on other essential resources, like wood for your fires, iron to make tools with, etc...Now I believe that the solution to this is supposed to be to educate your children so that they are more productive when they reach maturity, but if you do this then they will not be able to work until they are 20 or so - rather than going to work at age 10, if they are uneducated - which leaves you with another kind of shortage; a shortage on workers. It's all extremely frustrating because there seems to be no way to balance the equasion, so you are pretty much doomed to failure.This is just my experience of the game. I think that if these issues were ironed out, it would be all-around awesome."
76561198047533476,Recommended,242920,9608520,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Valdi,"LOL i got this running smooth on an amd semphron 2400+ great game , goodtimes."
,Recommended,242920,9608674,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Sinclaire,"This is a great game and it's hard to believe that this was made by just a single person.It certainly is somewhat influenced by the Anno series in terms of the graphical style, but plays entirely different.As many have said it is kind of a survival game with the player building a small settlement and trying to keep the people in it alive. If you have a good start it might look easy at first, but one small mistake can doom your entire village if you are not careful. It is a game that to some extend is about min-maxing, finding the best combination of buildings and assigned jobs for your settlers. However random events do require you to adjust to changing parameters. Winter might come a bit earlier and you have not brought in your whole harvest yet? This might result in a good chunk of your population starving if your warehouses are not well stocked. Also random events like merchants occassionally showing up in your harbor to sell you good that you otherwise would not be able to aquire further add to the dynamic of each playthrough and provide some replayability.Overall this is a game for people who do not want to run a huge empire like in Anno, but want to micromanage a small population and help them survive in a hostile world with limited ressources. But I certainly can recommend this game to everyone who feels like taking up this challenge and maybe try a few times until you get that one successful settlement."
76561198035856287,Recommended,242920,9609833,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,zig-zagblue,If your into these types of strategy games then give this a try. best game of its kind i have played in years. 10/10
76561198063518455,Recommended,242920,9610847,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Major Preenis,"Pretty simple creative-mode city builder. The game's as fun as you you let it be - I love spending time crafting cities, maintaining resources, and designing optimal systems so I really enjoyed it. Props to the dev team."
76561197978695376,Recommended,242920,19349203,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[ATP]ponkeydunch,"I'm terrible at it, but it's a great game."
76561198124690229,Recommended,242920,14507398,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,FMcCock,starvation
76561198003797419,Recommended,242920,10857286,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jokestah,"Let me start out by saying that Banished is awesome. It truly is what a city building/sim game should be. You have a handful of people and you need to make them survive.....The End. Don't expect warring factions, or alien attacks, just sit back, relax, and let Banished be what it is. I love this game so far, it's difficult but simple to play and the tutorials actually do a pretty decent job of actually telling you how to play it.Now having said all that, I HATE THIS GAME! Banished has a knack for kicking you when you're down. Oh whats that? You had a good summer and are ready for winter? Guess what mofo......ALL YOUR CROPS JUST DIED AND YOU FORGOT TO MAKE WARM CLOTHES FOR THE NEW CITIZENS! MWAHAHAHAHAAHAAA!This game is cruel, it will definitely test the patience of even the most skilled Sim players, and as you scream at your cat because your cattle has all disappeared and an outbreak of the plague is destroying your populace, you realize....this was all my fault! My god! I could have done things differently! I could have saved them all! I could have built a hospital and added just 1 more person to tend the flock! This is all my fault! Now my citizens are too sad to work effeciantly and winter is fast approaching!The only complaint I have, and this is something I'm in the minority on, is that it would be nice to be able to advance your technology. Banished sticks with a single era and makes you ride it til you die. Oh and the the trade post can be quite unfair with how much you need to trade for whatever the trader is selling."
76561198021512230,Recommended,242920,24061914,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Colonel Crabs,Enjoyable but little replay value
,Recommended,242920,11022056,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The1njZ,"This game in not easy , but when you reach 50 population , it's like a great achievement , it's not too complex when you get used to it, and also i would have like it more if it had more buildings , it becomes a little repetitive through the later stages , but definitely a solid game .overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,242920,31687582,Posted: 11 May,all,Kalake85,You will experience two feelings when you play this game. 1- That much-desired addiction that comes with good games. And 2- Extreme boredom along with wondering if this was all for nothing.
76561198124038474,Recommended,242920,32698338,Posted: 23 June,all,Nukewave,"Very good game, great mechanics. wish i could stop overstripping my food resources:D"
,Recommended,242920,10794904,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nacredem,"Part Survival, part RTS. It provides a constant stream of moderate level challenge at the expense of very little immeadiate excitement. Has the same kind of addiction that the Civilization series has. Just... one more.... year...."
76561198058384400,Recommended,242920,9212408,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,The Best Guy,"This game will test your God-like skills in controlling a new settlement but be aware that this game is not for the faint hearted! With great features and Brilliant realism this is the game for any hardcore ""God Game"" lovers. This game although hard presents a challange that when overcame will leave you to sit back and enjoy the wonders of what you have created. Great game!"
76561197970920872,Recommended,242920,9299636,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Largosama,I thought the marketplace was the safest job in the game until one of my villagers got stabbed.
76561198023633306,Recommended,242920,18634894,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Fjor,"When a simple city builder gets it right, this is what happens. While you have a large amount of customization options in managing your work force to your recource income, the gameplay of cycling seasons and preparing to go with limited resources is a staple mechanic in this game.As an added bonus, if you look close enough, each household has its own little story to tell, as you can follow any individual. Some seem eandearing while others are scandalous and taboo.8.5/10"
76561198011160616,Recommended,242920,18606441,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Tuna,A challenging but very entertaining little game.
,Recommended,242920,18621369,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ninjai,"Good game not worth 20 bucks.  It's exactly like a game called Knights and Merchants except, no knights.  It's a little rough in the start but I managed to beat it first try.  Once you get the hang of the ratios of how much of what compared to how much of this, it is just a waiting game while you wait for 10x game speed to catch up, really ez.  Also, don't let all the numbers and graphs throw you off at the start, it gets pretty addicting once you understand how it works which isn't too overwhelming."
,Recommended,242920,9491991,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Rufus Poppycock,"So far so good. Had a couple of crashes but autosave helps limit any major loss of progress. Unlike many in-dev games, this one, in my mind, is actually worth the $20. I didn't open it up and say to my self, ""this looks nothing like the pictures/videos."" Challenging and fun to play. All seems well one minute and then the next, your population is starving, cold, out of tools, you name it. One thing I would suggest to those who are starting out: the labourer is not an idle unit with little to do. This was a big mistake that I made. I had assumed that if I had not assinged all of the labourers to specialized trades, they'd end up like bums on the welfare system just wandering around waiting for me to tell them to do something. The game is very well thought out and I'm enjoying this one a lot. Thanks to the dev. Two thumbs up."
76561198089546469,Recommended,242920,9355901,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,wookieprincess,I love this type of game where you gather supplies and try to build your town up.  I have really enjoyed the experience in this game.  I would like to see them add the ability to learn new things as you upgrade.  In the school learn about different processes to build bigger and better buildings.  So far they only allow you to upgrade from a wood home to a brick home. I have added difficulty as I learn how everything works and it can be a challenge.
,Recommended,242920,31981306,Posted: 26 May,all,sundistorsion,"Games is hard, yo! Nature is savage."
,Recommended,242920,9388070,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Neji Hyuga,"Banished is extremely addictive and TONS of fun! First, you start off with a small amount of supplies and people which will start you on your way to a bustling village. Gather resources and produce goods to keep your people alive and well. This game is seriously fun, and a must-have for anyone that is a fan of city building and sim games. 10/10 I love Banished!"
,Recommended,242920,33510747,Posted: 13 July,all,Piano Sandwich,"I really enjoy this game. It's low energy and paced very slowly, but that's what I get out of it and it's quite fun to use to pass the time. I especially like watching the farm animals walk across the bottom of the rivers."
76561198059545715,Not Recommended,242920,9388611,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Gagyi,"Do not buy it. Just, don'y buy it. When I run for the first time once my computer is turned on it tells me a fatal error had occured and cannot continue. I try to run it again and steam tells me that it is already running. I have unistalled and installed it, but the  problem is still there."
76561198028265740,Recommended,242920,24168609,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Aphire,"Addictive, well built and cheap."
,Recommended,242920,12256149,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,bartmoss,"I like it. It's deceivingly simplistic, but you really need to pay attention to the interdependencies of what your guys do and produce or your colony will fail eventually. I also like the relaxing style - This is probably the first strategy / city building sim that gave me a sense of escapism since I played Sim City on my Commodore 64."
,Not Recommended,242920,13693739,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RSiNC,"Many bugs, some even crash the game. Unbalanced gameplay, louzy AI and you need too much patience.There could be some tweaks/bugfixes that drastically improve the game. With better AI the easy setting would maybe be even easy. Now it's just hard, harder and hardest. This is why i wouldn't recommend the game is it is.Learning the game has given me quite a lot fun and pleasure, especially for this price. Once you do get a stable civilisation above the 400's there is not much challange left to the game. After that it's all do more of the same. Still, it's incredible that a single guy could make such a game. Despite the flaws, it keeps dragging you in. More addictive than cocain."
,Recommended,242920,9666956,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Dr. Orgasmo,All of me people starve to death in less than a week.Rating: 10/10
76561198025601496,Recommended,242920,10904855,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CenturionADMR,"A simple and enjoyable city-building game, Banished is far more complicated than meets the eye. While it does tend to lose its luster after a while, it's still a reccomendable game."
,Recommended,242920,33773006,Posted: 24 July,all,clotrouble,Very enjoyable. Long play time if you wanted to get all of the acheivments. Definitely worth buying.
,Recommended,242920,9209095,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Livewire11718359,"Amazing game, if you loved simcity and tropico, you will love this"
,Recommended,242920,13428628,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Sims_doc,"Very additive and challenging at the start, but once you surpass the grind and begin to buy cattle and seeds depending on what difficulty you are playing the game on. It becomes very dull as the later stage mechanics and items just don't exist.I think before you buy this take into account that the game isn't hardly complete but maybe in a few years may have everything your looking for and more..4/10 - Sims_doc"
76561197992206547,Recommended,242920,14699737,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,B00tsy,"85/100This is a really well done settlement/colony sim!The gameplay/visuals/sounds is very relaxing yet it is a challenging game that makes you think ahead and plan out your strategy. Specially when you think the game becomes to easy the game mechanics kicks in and releases a virus on the people and if not prepared half your village dies with in a year time.I love the city/civ/colony sim genre and this is definitely a (new) favorite!This is a typical game that you plan to play for 1 hour and next time you look on the clock it's 4 hours later.As for the amount of features and depth of the game it could have been a bit bigger. There is no upgrading of buildings, nor a research tree or other advancing options, but the features that are there are well implemented. This is not a tripple A big budget game and only created by a few people which makes it even more outstanding as it is. Love to see a sequel of this game that has more features.Oh and before I forget. The UI is just great! I wish more similar games did the UI like this!Edited: grammar"
,Recommended,242920,9226730,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Vengeance643[NOR],"a fun game, but it is INCREDIBLE hard...even on the easiest difficulty. Before you start the game, brace your anu$ for tutorials, unless you want your slaves to die from...anything and everything, and believe me...they WILL! But if you like Sim City/Tropico and other sorts of construction and management games, I guess you will like it :3"
,Recommended,242920,21844147,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Rapture,"Overall a great gameA bit of a learning curve, but once you get into it a bit things make sense. There is always a need for future-planning in this game.My only complaint is sometimes resources (firewood, food, etc) run out faster than you can react to.In all, really good town-builder"
,Recommended,242920,9274253,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Nenharm,"This game ruined my life. I keep trying to make people live but I can't, I have everyone trying to get food and they still starve to death. 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,9285865,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ExplosiveRampage,Great single-play I would say almost like Sims but a medieval kind of way!
,Recommended,242920,13679505,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,♡ elaenastarK,Elissac the Farmer has frozen to death.Cayde the Fisherman has frozen to death.Emiles the child has died.10/10
,Recommended,242920,14750498,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Lobstag,"Looks great, feels great, runs great. Ticks all the boxes for a good city-builder strategy game.Banished is complex to begin with, and there's a lot to be learned - how to balance food, population, resources, and of course, how to survive the winter(s). The fact that this game was developed by ONE person is almost unbelievable. Props!The only snag is that with a few hours (10+ I'd say) on this game, it can become monotonous - i.e. you know how everything works. The only other challenge to your village, aside from getting to grips with the game, is natural disaster. Earthquakes, tornados, and so on, can wipe out your entire 5 hours worth of work, leaving you with but a handful of villagers to repopulate and rebuild. Inbreeding? Why not."
,Recommended,242920,9742392,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,アバクロムビー,"This really has a comparable feel to owning and growing a bonsai tree, your township is very fragile, and can flourish very quickly, much to their own detriment.Good planning, intuition and a little luck and you can stave off famine, mass death and annihilation.Do not expect this to be anything like AoE or SimCity, you merely guide and manage as best you can with what you have, the people grow and live with their own little lives."
,Recommended,242920,9936596,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Toivo,"Really good game.Missig more ""chillout"" games.Citybuilding without war = big love.Just hope for bigger maps :)Its pretty easy to learn, and it will be easy to know how to survive."
76561198031066591,Recommended,242920,9627417,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,cantseetheforest,"Banished is an ant farm, sandbox city builder which will suck in some players for countless hours and bore others after only a few. Opportunities for genuine creativity and strategic experimentation are relatively scant compared to some better-known games in the genre--Banished has been called ""soulless"" by at least one reviewer, and while I disagree, I understand the point by way of comparison with some other games. But ""soul"" isn't really the shtick in Banished, and neither are shiny bells and whistles. The mechanics of the game are extremely straightforward, the interface is simple and streamlined, and the art design is beautiful within its self-imposed limitations. Form follows function here, rigidly so. Much like the frontier life it models, gameplay in Banished is about getting a lot out of a little.The essence of the game can be boiled down to a triad of simple short-  and long-term urban planning, wilderness management toward the goal of stable resource harvesting, and strategic timing. What you do in Banished isn't as important as when and where you do it. While it doesn't take very long to understand the ins and outs of play, you'll be surprised more than a few times by the far-reaching impacts--whether positive or catastrophic, subtle or glaring--of decisions that might have seemed inconsequential at first.Some players will be discouraged by the glacial pace of the early game. You may find yourself fast-forwarding through one bleak, snowy winter after the next, rushing toward the arrival of a new springtime. But Banished rewards patience, persistence, and focused attention to detail just as robustly as it punishes restlessness and impetuous decisions. Give it anything less than your full attention, and things get out of hand fast. Banished can be brutally unforgiving. But once your town has developed a steady supply of food and raw materials (this is more difficult than it sounds, believe me) and gets to be a few decades old, bustling with a few hundred inhabitants, the pace and nature of play thickens considerably. How big can you get? How effectively did you use the terrain you were given at the outset? What will you do differently next time? Put simply, Banished is an exercise in sustainability. It is an impressive effort, especially considering the army of one behind its creation and development.Don't run out of tools, man. Just never run out of tools.I'd love to see Banished develop in the future to include multiple time periods, allowing a sucessful frontier town to grow into a more modern city with new goals and challenges. The networking of several towns across a regional map, possibly with multiplayer options, would add an exciting and engaging new dimension to the game. Hopefully the developer will continue to augment the ""intelligence"" and depth of Banished citizens; right now they are rather two-dimensional, and more than a little logistically quirky. Even as it stands, though, Banished is a rewarding gaming experience for those who love city builders for what they are at their core."
76561198151402613,Recommended,242920,19381162,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,JDog101,"I survived the first winter and lasted 8 years, then a tornado killed everyone.The lone survivor wandered around until he starved to death.  I felt sorry for the guy.4/5"
,Recommended,242920,19399276,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,فندن٢٠,"I totally love this game, its so fun, beautiful and also the music is so cozy, the way snows go down, it warms me up, the winter environment is so live, although its tough because i have to collect everything before the winter comes or my citizens can die because of starvation,"
,Recommended,242920,9689265,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,iprey,"This game is an amazing medieval city sim builder. You will have fun, success and then failure. It is a fun and rewarding experience if you can pull off a successful town. That said though, I have had 3 villages that have had 300 citizens and almost 100 years in each one. When this happens there is not much more you can do after that except expand, and that is all you can do. This can get very repetitive and boring. I hope the developer ( and there is only one developer) has time to add more content for the end game. Putting that aside, Great Game."
,Recommended,242920,9494650,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ParadiseLost,"This is an amazing Town builder the way it plays how the seasons roll through, the trading system, the farming, harvesting, everything about the game is amazing and i love the noise the chickens make :D"
,Recommended,242920,19325536,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DrunkOctopus,"I spent hours in this game and was enthralled.I'm not going to do pros or cons this time: the game made me feel to calm to dissect its blissful gameplay.Stick with this game. You will probably not do well your first few tries at it, but rage and come back a week later. Set a timer, then look at a guide and try once more (There is a really good one out there, if I can find it I'll link it).Don't go with mods the first time you play. Do that later, adding a mod like the colonial charter will damage your ability to master the game basics: adds amazing content, but it is too complex. Mess with that stuff later!10/10 would watch my people freeze in the winter again :'("
76561198089399285,Recommended,242920,26013922,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Wolfanator <3,"Banished is a good game, I enjoy the theme and how it can be hard or chilled depending on the difficulty, however, the game is a short lived experience because nothing unlocks and no events happen resulting in a stale game play after a while."
,Recommended,242920,9206283,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Mach2k5,"Awesome playability, keeps you hooked whilst your survivors are dying from either starvation, freezing, or some plague or natural catastrophe.Still a few minor bugs to sort out but otherwise...AWESOME!!!Could do with some type of multiplayer add on for your self to cross pollunate with other online players without combat for that would spoil it so much!"
,Recommended,242920,21877847,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Lala Cabral,"I love game! It's hard at first but once you figure out how to best play you can build a big village! I wish there was an xpac for this, it has great potential!"
,Recommended,242920,20784485,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Yondu the Ravager,"Banished is a fun, challenging game. Think all those survival shows, and then put them into a game. It's not just about building a settlement for your people. You have to constantly keep an eye on resources, health, happiness, and living situations. It's not as simple as plop a house and a food source and go. The game makes you think."
,Recommended,242920,19325485,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,UsagiSensei,"addicting. played for 10 hours straight in my first play session. i got this game because after simcity refused to stay open longer than 5 minutes and i requested a refund on DB Xenoverse after 30 minutes of playing, i felt i needed to buy a game to lift my spirits. sure enough, this did it.pros:light and simple recource gathering city buildermod supportrandom map generatorno bugs, no lag, acceptable graphicscons:light and simple (yeah.... theres not much to build without mods)"
76561198059330919,Recommended,242920,9251122,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,DeadShot vF,it's good
,Recommended,242920,29982589,Posted: 17 February,all,Dragoon,"it's a semi-realistic city/village building sim, with some difficulty. But the moment you get the hang of it, you need to manage a few things to make your city expand. The goal of this game is on population and making sure they dont die too soon."
,Recommended,242920,11840170,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Palkyon,"I really don't know what to rate this game. It's great but it doesn't have much content. It needs more buildings mabye a way to advance to colonial, industrial and modern. It's intitally fun but once you iron out a strategy it works in almost every environment."
,Recommended,242920,10880640,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Xtremelybadsniper,Would reccomend this game to anyone who Enjoys these types of games. It really does a good job of what its trying to be.
,Recommended,242920,14664815,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,NumberSix,Very addictive game.. spent more than 100 hours and still addicted to it!
76561198152931795,Recommended,242920,33791054,Posted: 25 July,all,Anchorman_13,"Very fun and addicting game. I started 12 games only to have my entire population starve to death, but the thirteenth time was a charm. Once you get going and figure things out your population seems to become self sufecient only needing new homes and more job openings to occupy your townspeoples' time.The vanilla game is a little plain but mods more than makeup for that. I bought this game on sale and it is well worth the whole $5 I paid. If you can, get this game on sale. Its well worth it and offers a fun townbuilding experience."
,Recommended,242920,17500964,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Daveo1996,It is good when you build a village for a 100 or so villagers and have them all die of starvation or cold when winter comes
76561198002243576,Recommended,242920,9250152,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Manthraxx[DK] (RumGevir),Excellent game!
,Recommended,242920,25519329,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,The Patrician,"Some people are banished from wherever and have to build their own, new town and you have to manage this.Build houses for living, farms, workshops and micromanage everything - and don't forget to stock enough firewood for the winter or fail.Build a school to educate your children so they'll be educated workers and work more efficient. Forget that children which are going to school can't work on the fields or get firewood - fail.I can name some more examples - but this is what makes the game so great. You have to keep an eye on everything since every inattention can lead to a catastrophe. You have to fail several times til you can bring you people through the first winter.When you achieved that, you will feel great and start to expand your village - and probably you will fail again. But don't mind! Try it again."
76561197971996374,Recommended,242920,9173087,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Wormster,Love it :)
,Recommended,242920,9173356,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,A hat made of lettuce,Amazing.
76561198043510568,Recommended,242920,9173430,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sum Ting Wong,"Finally, a game like this...(Awesome)!!"
76561198083206001,Recommended,242920,9173660,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,YANO <3,if you love a citybuilder like good old settler 2 +3 mechanics this game is great. plus it's indie and there will be a modkit soon.possibilities are endless and there is no €A or a major publisher that will try to squeeze out every penny. Super 5*19.99$.... probably THE recommendation for strategic fans
76561198001364204,Recommended,242920,9173777,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,diolki,"I haven't played for long, but so far so good. I'm a little worried about it keeping my attention, but thus far I'm loving it. I would recommend Banished to anyone who enjoys a good city simulation game. It's fairly simple and easy to learn to.This is what I like to see from indie games."
76561197998214465,Recommended,242920,9173907,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Soji,10/10 Would play all day
,Recommended,242920,9174138,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Mimmitar,"Great game that can turn on you in a second. Had a nice little village coming along when a fire broke out and burnt down half my homes, then a early snow destroyed my crops just in time to make most people homeless and starving for winter. Lost 60% of the population and still having fun."
,Recommended,242920,9174879,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Ranchland Jesus,"Did you enjoy Settlers 2 back in the day? If so, you'll love this game. It's essentially Setters minus the combat. It has a very leisurely pace to it, you can happily play this game with half your attention elsewhere. I suppose calling it fun might be a bit misleading, but it's very engaging. I'd like to see some more detail added to the simulation, and I'm looking forward to seeing what plans they have for the game post-release. As it is, it's probably worth your money if you're looking for a gently paced management sim. Recommended."
76561198015632320,Recommended,242920,9174952,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,GuyverGamingtv,"Great fun, well detailed and love it. must buy, the hours will fly by."
,Recommended,242920,9175254,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Adune,"This is everything that Sim City should have been.  With lots of hours in, the game is still challenging and fun."
76561198044199552,Recommended,242920,9175520,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Hunter1-2,"Banished has a great concept for a city construction game, you need to produce everything your people need in order for them to survive and your city to expand. Unfortunately everyone in your town has been unfortunate enough to be afflicted with parasitic tape worms as they somehow manage to consume enough food to feed a number of small armies all by themselves. It's literally so hard to gain enough food to feed your people that the hardest starting difficulty is almost impossible to play as your food supply will deplete before you can get sufficient food supply structures up to refill your stocks. In addition to this your population seems to enjoy their housing to be toasty warm as they go through a rediculous amount of firewood as well, making it hard to meet their demand. Hopefully the game will be patched in the future to remove the tapeworms from your population and making them burn a few less forests per year but until then the game remains hard but not impossible to play. All in all though the game functions smoothly, no serious bugs, although be careful about how you build as the AI does not give your citizens good pathing or work priority so you'll have to stay on top of what your people are doing with careful orders. One example of this are when citizens decide to take a large supply of your total food from your stockpiles when they have their house constructed, making all the food they take unavailable to anyone else but that family, as food is already scarce, this makes surviving hard. It is rewarding however, probably due to the difficulty of maintaining your population, to see you city grow and ""prosper,"" if your into simulation or builder games this game should be worth it for you."
76561197971226046,Recommended,242920,9175824,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[YeOlde]pattyfritters,Love it! Enough said!
76561198067828426,Recommended,242920,9176014,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Tanzia,"Very pleased!Waited 3 months for the game, not disappointed:-Suprisingly small download, which is nice for those of you with low bandwith - I think the dev went out of his way to optimize this.- Graphics aren't amazing, but very 'clean' and tasteful.- Have not had any encounter with bugs or issues.- Some are complaining about how hard it, it's called a challange. It requires, trail and error and patience. No instant gratification here. Stop crying.- Game runs smooth and for those with low end computers, lots of options to keep it so.- Love that you don't instantly have all resources, you want them, you gotta work for them.- Tonnes of map variation.-In game help, very well done. Well orgainzed, covers everything.-$19.99 is a very suitable price. Anything less is a deal! Glad the Dev wasn't greedy.A few minors things:*I'd like a bit more to build, but with that said, what you do have takes time and some buildings are not useful at the start.*Not fond of the sound tracks, but who cares, we all turn those off after the first bit and listen to what we want anyways.*Not in love with the trader system, needs a bit of tweeking, a bit expensive and a bit limited what the trader actually carries.4.5/5!"
,Recommended,242920,9181583,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,まゆ,Pretty good but citizens die due to some glitches ;< for example picking up the leather and keeps repeating itself...
,Recommended,242920,9188290,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Sirus,"It has a lot of potential, but a lot of flaws still too. Needs some major balancing or at least an option to play Hardcore (Which is what its currently stuck in right now) or easier versions where resource consumption is not so insane. Most of the time spent is a brutal conflict of gathering resources where you need nearly 50% of your total population just collecting food alone so that only 25% of them starve to death.I look forward to playing it in the future when it is a little more balanced as it seems to be an awesome concept since the game is pretty much purely survival based rather than have some goal to become rich or famous or whatever. Just live. Survive. See how far you can get.Once the game perhaps balances out resource consumption/production better, perhaps some additional things like a focus on military might come in to play to protect your town from raiders, bandits, wild animals, etc.  Doesn't have to be on a scale of kingdom versus kingdom... just things that a normal medieval village might encounter like a random bear that is getting into the food supply or a group of thugs trying to rob you of supplies.If you enjoy a constant struggle of endless strife and survival, play it NOW.  Myself, I'm gonna give it a break until it gets a few more updates and changes. I only hope that a single person development team can keep up with the demand of public interest though. Good luck to you on that for sure!"
,Recommended,242920,9188347,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Teshumm,"This game is unbelievably addictive.  As someone who is used to getting excited for EA simulation games and then getting bored of the same old stuff each time, this game is wonderfully different.  There are challenges, and you have to be clever and quick to solve them unless you want your entire village to die from something you thought you prepared for.   *Thought*.Amazing game.  Worth every penny."
76561198076085616,Recommended,242920,9209896,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,LEMON,its a good game but after three days of playing the game dos not start up any more and they always use up wood and food way to fast the time i did play it was spent makeing more farms or clear cuting forests so people dont freazze to death i would have to say wate to buy the game
76561198059147267,Recommended,242920,9210504,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,drdood,i loved it and i cannot stop playing it. but its an easy game to get into but a very hard game to master
,Recommended,242920,9172255,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Lutenate,I should be in class or doing homework atm but I can't stop
76561198039732455,Recommended,242920,9172312,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Pseudokun,"Amazing, well worth the wait and hype."
76561198086703507,Recommended,242920,31730982,Posted: 13 May,all,Galileon,"I have 145 hours in this game and have enjoyed it immensly. But be warned, there is little to no product support provided is I recently found out.I encountered the following fail to start glitch: ""Application-Steam-x64.exe has stopped working"" after playing the day previous, without a hitch and with no changes in my PC whatever.After trying without success, the various FORUM suggested fixes, I have pretty much given up on Banished. All my other Steam games run flawlessly, so IMHO, I think the fault lays with this game.If you find yourselves in this fix, and really miss playing this game. You might try the game -Forest Village- instead."
,Recommended,242920,31827305,Posted: 18 May,all,Heathensauce,"This is one of the many best games I ever bought. I got it on sale and I am kinda mad I didnt buy it at full price, because it doesnt deserve to cost just 5 bucks, this to me is a 15 dollar game at least.I know I dont got many hours on it but I played this game LONG before it was on steam or when steam was even that popular. (I know right, when did such terrible times even exist??)I've bought this game original for between 15-20 bucks, I forget how much exactly it was so long ago, Then bought it again on sale when I saw it and I am just so happy to have this here.Ive got probably 500 hours in all on this and this game will forever sit as a warm, happy memory in my heart. Its one of those underrated games that deserve more respect, like Fate series, Sanctum, or State of Decay. Do you even know how small the team was that made these games? If only people knew how hard it was to make not only a good game but one to keep you playing, its not easy. Sometimes games like these deserve some respect.Yes, buy it, I absolutely recommend it."
,Recommended,242920,27157014,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BadassFreeman,"I remember I discovered this game quite a while ago. I was watching my YouTube feed and someone uploaded a video explaining why this game is a cool concept. And you know what? A year or so later I ended up seeing the game on a Steam sale, and picking it up. 25 hours playing it, and I gotta say it was a good purchase, however as all games, it has it's own share of problems, and this one actually does have a fair amount. So as usual I will try to warn you guys about the good and bad stuff the game has to offer, starting with the bad stuff first.First and foremost, the citizen's AI. Seriously, it managed to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off quite a few times already. Like in a lot of other SimCity-like games, you don't quite control the citizens, they go on their lives by themselves while you just command them what should be build and what jobs should they take. That's fine, however they do a horrible job at times to follow those commands or just follow any logic at all. You tell them to build something? Better hope it's not winter, if it is they'll constantly go to the building, hit it ONCE, just adding one build point (and most buildings have around 50), then quickly retreat back home, go to the building again and so forth. It's a mess. I can understand they're getting cold but I've seen them stay out for way more time like that and be fine, it seems that the second they start to feel cold WHILE IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING SNOWING OUTSIDE they just retreat and ignore any command. And with hunger is the COMPLETE OPOSITE. A citizen is working and gets hungry? He'll stop working to go get some food from a nearby barn, he'll return to work and DIE OF STARVATION. THEY GET THE FOOD, FORGET TO EAT IT, DIE AND THE FOOD IS AS WASTED AS THEIR OWN EXISTENCE.The second problem is the lack of features. You see, the buildings on the game are mostly though out for early game, and when things to further on, you'll be forced to build dozens and dozens of the same ones all over the place just to keep up. What's interesting about this is that there are buildings that can be upgraded... JUST TWO. HOMES AND ROADS. Why not letting the player have the chance to upgrade, for example, a blacksmith for a lot of resources so it can have two people instead of one? No, better force the player to build four or five blacksmith buildings all in the same location. Luckily there are a few mods that help on that.Third, the game engine. It's actually quite great that the game has this much support for mods, however some of the biggest mods seem to have way too much content for the poor game, making it take around 30 seconds to load when it usually shows the Dev's logo instantly. And the thing is, not having any mods can still show that the engine seems to struggle a bit at times. I usually run the game at 10x speed for most times as I know what I have to build and I'm just waiting for new things to happen, however if a town already has around 250 people, doing so slows down the FPS in a significant way. Sadly, this is something that can't really be fixed, but should be looked uppon if the game ever gets a sequel.Lastly, the difficulty. The early game for this is actually quite enjoyable. You have around 12 people trying to survive and make it out through sick winters and sh#t, it's fun! And so you keep on, and the population grows. The thing is, once the town has around 200 people, who need food, tools, clothes and so forth, the demand for resources becomes a real problem. As I've said before, the game doesn't really bring much in terms of late-game buildings, so you'll be forced to just put Fishing areas, crops and orchards all over the place in hopes of keeping up... And it might help for a while, but it seems to ultimately be worthless. And the thing is, I tried the game with mods that add way more buildings AND upgrades to pretty much all buildings. And you know what? That was way, way more fun. As it is though, without mods, the difficulty ramps up way too much once you have around 200 people and at least for me, ended up with TONS AND TONS of dead people because of starvation, while work was barely done because of lack of tools.All of that being said though, the game itself is fun! There's a lot of things the devs have done right, and it shows.The best part of the game, as I've said, are the early years. It's quite fun and I barely get tired of those parts: almost no people working, not a lot of resources to work around and winter almost there, it gets you to understand that the game ain't f#cking around with survival.The way buildings and resources are handled is also great. You know how in most Strategy games out there based on resources, you click to build something and your resources dissapear from the stacks and the building just sort of appears out of nowhere? I bet the devs found that stupid too. Here, after telling the town what you wanna build and selecting a proper placement (and having people set as builders, of course), they'll grab those resources and put them in the building, then actually start making said structure. And if you lack a resource, the building process will stop until you have it. Dunno why not that many games make building like this, it's like it should be done.I also like how citizens work, the little details behind them. For example, if they can't work at their designated place for work (for example, they can't grow crops in winter), they'll try to help in other jobs, building roads and collecting resources to leave them in their respective place. They can also die in both natural or random ways, too. It is a bit fustrating when your only builder days because ""he felt down a ladder"", but it adds to the feel of survival the game has.Trading also has a good feel for itself. You build a trading dock and put the resources you don't want in them; someday a merchant ship will stop by and you can trade that stuff you don't want for actual useful stuff, from basic building resources to more seeds and farm animals. The only downside I see to this is always having to wait for those ships, which by the way, it seems only one appears each year, and when one stops it has NOTHING you want at all. Why not letting the player send people on a cart and resources to trade your sh#t with other towns? OR EVEN USE ONE OF THOSE SAME BOATS?Lastly, the mods. As I've said, the game has great support for mods, both Steam Workshop or from Third Party websites. And it even let's you know if a mod doesn't work when another mod has conflicts with it. There's mods up the #ss and most of the game's flaws can be easily fixed by them. If I ever suggest one, try out the total conversion mod named ""Colonial Charter"", which pretty much changes half the game to add way more buildings, upgrades, jobs, resources, A SH#TLOAD OF NEW STUFF. Sadly, as I've also said, mods that big seem to have some issues with the engine, but if you can deal with that, then it's pretty much a new game for free out of nowhere.In the end, the game does right a lot of things while also messing up on a lot of other ones. However I do think the good sides of it a way bigger than the negative parts. Do I recommend the game? If you're a fan of strategy games based on survival and resource gathering instead of farming sh#t and killing other players by doing zerg-rushes, then hell yeah I do. However, I do NOT recommend the game at it's current price. 19€ for a game that sports these flaws and does feel unfinished without mods is not really worth that much. 9€ or less is my recommended recommended price for you to buy it, so you should wait for a sale and jump ahead.TL;DR Edition: It's a good strategy game, but has a quite some flaws and does feel unfinished if played without mods. On a half-price sale it's a good pick, but try to learn the game's basics before adding mods that actually fix most of it's problems."
,Recommended,242920,31388432,Posted: 26 April,all,vikykam,If you are city building games fan and lookig for a light game to spend your free time then look no further than this.
,Recommended,242920,31760956,Posted: 14 May,all,Sighless,A good micro managing city builder
76561198212881996,Recommended,242920,31788270,Posted: 16 May,all,Sgt.Bulldog,"It's meh but i definitely recommend i havent got many hours in for me its hard but some people its easy (things dont always work for me) but it is definitely a great game when u get good at it,games like this can be my favourite but not when a few things dont work like my crop fields even when i do everything right.just get it and u will see what i talk about (maybe) :D ."
,Recommended,242920,30041435,Posted: 19 February,all,lyndonguitar,"A good simple town-management game where the focus is survival of the town, there are no 'real enemies' in the game aside from the weather, population, aging, epidemics, etc. pretty much what commonly happens in real lifeYou start from almost scratch, with just a few villagers, and you must try and use the surrounding resources in order to build shelters for the people, then, they will grow larger in numbers and in turn you will need to provide more shelters, more food sources, satisfy their needs, so they will not die. The main focus is the survival of your people through any means.Cons: Graphics are decent but they aren't enough building variations, also you cannot rotate a building or place roads in a angle, its either facing up down left and right, I would think that by now they shouldn't make games like that anymore.The price is a bit expensive for what it offers though, Get it only when it's for saleScore: 7/10"
76561198380594862,Recommended,242920,31410979,Posted: 28 April,all,scott4dges,"Loving the game so far! Watched a ton of YouTube videos and fell in love with Colonial Charter & MegaMod. But now playing the un-modded version, it's really a lot of fun and can be quite challenging."
,Recommended,242920,31434064,Posted: 29 April,all,Team Elite Storm,very great game really love the no limit on items storage it makes every game look small love to mods and the community i will pass this game on threw my friends and subs it really is going to make great lets plays
76561198034594770,Recommended,242920,31637307,Posted: 8 May,all,ouisa_77,"I just love this game.  It's always entertaining and a different experience each time.  Sometimes you want to pull your hair out when everyone starves to death for no good reason, but you'll just keep trying :)"
76561198044913452,Recommended,242920,31718832,Posted: 13 May,all,UserNamesAre4Plebs,"Fun game to play, worth buying if you are looking for a decent survivial building game. Don't be sad if you run out of food and everyone dies of starvation, just part of the game"
,Recommended,242920,11412206,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Cadoan,"Banished is a city building game and an rts with any kind of fighting in it. It's up to you to manage the resources and make sure your city survives. The game is quite hard and also kind of unforgiving if you mess up. It is, however, very rewarding when you figure out a playstyle that works! The game does lack in one thing: there is no way to progress further ""into science"" like many other games like this allows you to; farms, cottages and stone quarries are what you're gonna get!"
,Recommended,242920,16511461,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ouroboron,"I've played an hour so far, and that included the tutorials. And I think I'm going to like it. A lot. You don't have to micromanage units; you instead set tasks and people do them.It's also a very small footprint game, which is great. Couple hundred megs. Worthwile get on many levels."
,Recommended,242920,19273698,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Carnobot,"This game is outstanding. It is beautiful, the UI elements are easy to understand, the game mechanics are really good. Overall just a really solid experience.Constructive criticism:-The logic for storing and limiting items in the marketplace is counter-intuitive.-It would be great if item limits could be building-specific.-I would love if there were some defense / attack elements - but that is an entirely different kind of game."
,Recommended,242920,10859452,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BasedGod,In my first game I forgot to continuosly build houses before it was too late. I ended up with 20 adults over the age of 60 and no children.10/10 would kill off population again
76561198111739249,Recommended,242920,23461727,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Brogdor th3 Burninator,"Fun game, easy to get sucked in."
76561198068723046,Recommended,242920,32796522,Posted: 25 June,all,Sir Loona,A Punishing game but very interesting and well executed
,Recommended,242920,9301992,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Acidburner,I want to play Dwarf Fortress now...
76561198040742447,Recommended,242920,21933841,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,dmacintyre19,This is a AMAZING real life simulator. I reccamend this game to anyone who loves simulator games
,Recommended,242920,12137373,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Polaris,"Love this game! For me, it's exactly what you'd want from a city builder game. Not only is it extremely satisfying when everything you do works out but it is also challenging. It's challenging to the extent that when everything does go well, you feel like you're the master of the universe.PLAY THIS GAME!"
76561198060148882,Recommended,242920,34899510,Posted: 12 September,all,cirwin202,"This game has swallowed up so many hours of my life. You start with just a few people and watch them have children, grow old, and die generation after generation. As time goes on your town just gets better and better. The large Steam Workshop also adds a lot of variation to make the game new and fresh. It is amazing to see how much this game has achieved.Some reviews say this game is boring, but I have to say that if you like Sim City and midieval times, you will like this game."
76561198035756069,Recommended,242920,34927452,Posted: 13 September,all,Dani,Great game. Very relaxing. Those looking who must have combat in such a game as this it will not suit you.I like fact it's based on surviving/thriving/thriving too much then dying because of it.
,Recommended,242920,34942292,Posted: 13 September,all,ToastedFate,"Bought this game years ago.. Because I was looking for medieval-ish building game.. Then I found this on sale.. Picked it up, I noticed there isnt much of a tutorial to help you with the whole game.. So i was left to test out things over and over again.. I never found the game boring or what, the difficulty of the game made me want to beat it.. In a sense of beating, is that i can reach 10years in the game.. Which i found difficult to manage, and soon after realize the difficulty of raising and managing a growing town.. It kinda hit me, that its a bit close to reality (Or maybe im just getting too hooked on this game) when it comes to food and methods of surviving this game.This is pretty fun to play.. If you want to play it very casual without worrying about resource and food, there are mods to use.. Which i gave it a try when i want to play it casualy just for the heck of it.. And also for the house model included on the workshop which are well-designed i must say (kudos to those modders)I say this game is one of my favorite building games.. I'd give it an 8/10 hahahaWhere is the 2? Well.. I kinda expected the buildings would change over time, like after a year of gameplay, the houses has an option to change it looks.. Tho im not yearning for it to happen, its just a thought.. I like the game already as it is.. Well this part is just an opinion, so just ignore my mumbling about the changing look of the house.. And i know that the creator of this game is just a single person which im very looking up to as a Game Dev :D"
76561198062308906,Recommended,242920,9409773,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Blob On A Stick #PhilFish,"I've currently put around six hours into this game at the moment and some would say that maybe isnt a sufficient amount to merit writting a review, but I don't really care.From the little I have played of the game I have to say I am quite impressed with what I have seen, with the attention to detail being one of the things I have to say is a strength of this game as well as being a really good looking game, especially in the winter months with everything covered in a blanket of snow is when the game looks at it's best, but even the summer time is pretty on the eye. But things like villager animations looking smooth. On the visual front there really isn't anything to complain about and gets an easy 10/10 from me.Gameplay is equally as good it has to be said, there is something strangely satisfying about surviving that first cruicial winter with the little resources you are given, but even after then it is a blast to play with multiple factors you are constantly having to take into account, and you find more and more crop up as you progressively make your town bigger. It is a clever game because it requires you to be sustainable with certain resouces but at the same time provide your citizens and businesses with what they need to survive and produce things like tools and coats, so the micro-management side of it really pleasing and rewarding when you find that correct balance, I'll give it a 9/10 for that, and the reason it isn't a 10 is stated below.Mainly I have not encountered any bugs with this game which is really good, however there are one or two minor things I would love to see in the game to give it that more of an edge, the main one being that you can't place things like crop fields, pastures and things of that nature into any shape to fit the terrain like the edge of a meandering river, or a the edge of a large hill, and instead you have to stick to squares and rectangles, which doesn't allow the player to make full use of all the space especially if they are playing on smaller maps.The other minor thing is I would love to see some sort of ground leveling tool for ting hills/bumps, I found it on a couple of occasions where  wanted to build something on what seemed like a large area of flat land but there is actually a small hill/bump preventing me from doing something and therefore had to alter my plan, but if this went unchanged I wouldn't mind because it's a small thing but the inclusion of it would again help players make use of all the space they are gven.In a nutshell i've run out of superlatives for this game despite a few tiny things i would change, but as the game brings out updates it's all subject to change of course and i can't wait to see what this game does next and i'll no doubt look forward to it and i suggest it strongly to anyone."
,Recommended,242920,12665989,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Ent,"This is a fantastic game. While survival can be a challenge, especially on high difficulty with harsh conditions, this is one of the most relaxing games I've played in a long time. With continuing support from the mod community this game is growing quite nicely with the addition of many second tier professions and trade goods. Highly recommended purchase, and a must buy if on sale."
,Recommended,242920,10011299,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Zendorean,Fun game but sadly only one dev so really slow updates
,Recommended,242920,35037341,Posted: 17 September,all,Lallipop,If you just want to zone out and like building villages... this game is for you.
76561197999729894,Recommended,242920,16615969,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,After shav,"So it s a yes but it is mixed.First with the good things.The atmosphere in this game is very immersive. Watching your village slowly growing is satisfying in itself. The game genre could be a 'suvival city builder' as you have to plan and foresee for everything. Place management is crucial. Also you follow your people from the pushchair to the grave, watch them age, remember their names, and ultimately feel attachment. Which is reinforced by the fact that life seems fragile, as people can die fast and easily if you didn t planned well.Now the almost bad things.The game is hard until you catch all the aspects. Then it becomes easy and repetitive. Disasters and random events don t occur even enough to keep you stimulated.Still a good game in the end, worth your steam wallet if on sale."
,Recommended,242920,9503038,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,domtombadil,"The good:Fun and simple. With no in-game currency, the challenge is to simply prevent villagers from starving to death. The village can grow once food production is stabilized. Also, the game only takes a couple hundred MB of HD space.The bad:This game gets old quickly. There is not nearly enough content to justify a $20 dollar price tag. Get this game when it is $5-$10  during a Steam sale."
76561198128408388,Recommended,242920,14845009,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,tibbi,Wish there would be a Banished 2 or some DLC. Still learning the game. A in game tutoral would be great. Showing you camera movements and menu features. But once you get around that its a great game and you don't need a high end system to run it.
76561198042052395,Recommended,242920,21603011,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Chemical Scum,"Never safe. That's what this game makes you understand.This is a city building game, with a few simple rules - keep your population healthy, keep them fed, and watch your demographics. While other city builders mash in three gazillion features, which admittedly makes the game complicated (but not necessarily difficult), Banished simply makes the few features it has something you have to keep an eye on. You're essentially never safe. All it takes is one disease, one storm, or one really cold winter, and you can quite possibly end up with a ghost town.""Wow, that sounds like you have to worship the RNJesus in order to play. I hate luck based games.""No, there's things you can do. It's only luck based prior to the player knowing what dangers s/he might face. And when you've played the game a lot, you get a handle of what things can come crashing down on your town. But before you've faced those situations, it's quite possible that you haven't prepared for them. So you will fail, and you will learn. In spite of the many hours I have put into this game, it's still enjoyable. I still look forward to the trading, to expanding, to manage a technologically backward town so that its population thrives.Highly recommended game."
,Recommended,242920,18845681,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Allyosaugh,gotta be honest this is probably the comfiest and most relaxing game i have ever played while still being hard as a donkey's horse
76561197992549609,Recommended,242920,11590633,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Rödskägg,"It is a masterpiece for a low cost! The only thing i moght lack is a bit more diversity, and some new additions to the game after a while. However it is a city-builder in its purest form and disease is your biggest enemy, not ginormus robots or t-rexes!"
,Recommended,242920,23723235,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Reddric,"After some trail and error I managed to get a fantastic village going with every food type storedthings i learnt*have surplus labourers on hand to cover deaths*make sure you have shelter and plently of food if you want to take in nomads*if you do take in nomads expect a massive death rate of old age down the roadfound hard easier than easy funny enough.you find yourself actually careing about your people, you see someone hungry youre like ""omg please find food, please dont die!"""
76561198234745616,Recommended,242920,23709382,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,MindCrusader,"Really nice game especially with mod Colonial Charter (it adds so much content it is basic to install I think).I am currently 44 hours on it, 2nd ""bigger"" town.For me it is really easy to estabilish new town, but I play for building and managing, not to have hard time surviving etc.You have a lot of jobs to be done, long progress to get all things done from Colonial Charter mod.+ Fun to play.+ A lot of managing and building town.+ A lot of jobs requires long time to estabilish full working town.+ Graphics aren't bad-/+ There are is no fighting with enemies. It is positive and negatve thing. Positiive - it is builder game. But there could be a way to allow modders to create mods that allows to for example at least send some solders to the fight (even out of map)- No animations for windmill, hunting etc.- Spikes when moving screen with sped up gameI will compare to another, really nice builder: Cities: SkylinesCities is much different - different times and Cities are more like setting some things and those things are later managed automaticly. Banished is harder and for me the success is more enjoyable as I have to control much more things than in Cities. Cities is more about transporting, Banished about production.I love builders, so for me game is 9/10 (lack of animations and mod for sending solders at least makes me hard to give it 10/10). Worth to buy!"
,Not Recommended,242920,13844961,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,kickingheehaw,"CTD and RepetitiveFIRST THE CRASH TO DESKTOP ISSUE:  My first play session worked fine, except the menu was too small for my resolution (1920 x 1080).  A few adjustments in the settings fixed that.  However, during my second play session the game would crash after about 5 minutes of play time.  (For reference, I’m running this on Windows 8.1, 64 bit)  After some research, I finally discovered a fix which involved going into the registry and deleting some entries.  And I discovered this fix only worked as long as you didn’t start a new game.  If you did, you’d have to edit the registry again.  This is certainly something a player should not have to do in order to get a working game.ON TO THE PLAYING:  So I bought the game because it seemed fun.  I generally like resource management and time management games.  I've played Sims, SimCity, Diner Dash, Cooking Dash, etc. just to give you an idea.At first it was fun.  I could place buildings where I wanted.  A few like the houses even had different styles to choose from by typing the ""F"" key before placing it on the ground.  I liked watching my little worker ants hurry around.  I quickly got a handle on my food supply, and this was despite some of the workers hoarding a disproportionate amount of food in their houses which meant less for others.  It’s not that hard really.  Just have some farm fields during the growing season, and you also have a few hunters, fishermen, and/or gatherers.  I also got control of wood, stone, etc.In the end, it seemed all I needed to do was sit with the workers pane open and subtract or add workers to different positions as I needed.  For example: “Subtract 3 workers from Gathering, and add those 3 to Building because I have a wave of construction projects going on.”  It’s just a matter of clicking up or down on the arrows next to the jobs in the list.  I just needed to do that and keep an eye on the resource panes.  That’s why it got repetitive, and I played less than 10 hours.  Maybe that’s all the game is really meant for."
,Recommended,242920,16725834,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dan,"Good game, very realistic environment. I had great fun building a thriving settlement. It took a few attempts to get used to it, but it gets easy pretty quick. With a bit more expansion it could be a great game, but it’s basically lots of micromanagement then you’re done. Something like Anno Venice is better for long term playability. Fun for the price thou."
,Recommended,242920,34646671,Posted: 31 August,all,badgersaur,"With disasters with real consequences, this is a kind of gritty take on the city building genre. This game is best with mods and has a lively modding community, but even vanilla is good. Hours of fun for the patient micromanager!"
,Recommended,242920,16476262,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,McSniffles,"A great town/people management game that you can tell a lot of heart and soul went into.  The guy that made this, however, is kind of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because playing this game will suck you in and you will waste HOURS not knowing you can't fix that mistake you made like an hour or two ago.  So as long as you're ok knowing that you will probably lose A LOT in the beginning before getting the hang of it, get this game."
,Recommended,242920,18872370,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,awesomeoman,"Completed tutorial, built sustainable village after initial losses to starvation. Happy days. This game isn't too hard.Tornado. Fire. what.Village wreaked. Hours invested lost.Start again. I'll just spread the village out this time...."
76561198081222489,Recommended,242920,9610775,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Whorecules,If you want a challenging city builder this is the game for you.
,Recommended,242920,9194027,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,UncleDrax,"""A child named Anothergoddamnmouthtofeed has been born!""Survive winter, and other natural disasters! In this sandbox village simulator you basically play against yourself.For a simulator it has some of the best anti-micromanagement gameplay I've seen in a long time (IE: when a person in a job dies, someone in your labourer pool with automatically take thier place!). That said, it still has enough supply-chain management to make it non-trivial to play."
,Recommended,242920,9188372,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Arumenn,"Forget Towns, Gnomoria, Dwarf Fortress or even EA's SimCity. This is a city building game that makes you care about your town. Disasters are not alien invasions nor barbarian raids, just the dreadfull starvation, long winters, accidents in the quarry... Challenging in the good way, it's best played at slow pace to enjoy the growth of your town but you can play at x10 speed if you wish. There's even little details like the fishermen getting driftwood, not just fish.  Made by a single dev over the span or 3 years, it's better done than a lot of games of the same genre."
76561197961262725,Recommended,242920,31956919,Posted: 25 May,all,AngryProletarian,Great relaxing game. Easily passes the time and is fairly addicting if your looking for a nice simple city building game.
,Recommended,242920,31958048,Posted: 25 May,all,Palomitas,I absolutely love this game and the mods really boost the replayablility. If you love city builders with a survival challenge then this game is for you.
,Recommended,242920,9177734,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Vaendryl.NL,"Very relaxed and atmospheric game. no combat, just building a town and try not to get your villagers killed. the game isn't super challenging after you get familiar with it but the point is trying to design a cool city. it's your choice if you want to maximize effiency and plan around that, or maybe you prefer making a city that looks really pretty. in the end, it's a game you play completely on your own pace that you just get lost in for a few hours a day.Do you like starcraft? you wanna bash some noobs faces rushing your pro-builds and practicing endlessly just to grab a few more league points? ♥♥♥♥ off, this is NOT your game."
,Recommended,242920,9367034,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Slip,"Great game. Strategy is a requirement but no worries, its great for newbies and veterans alike. Highly recommended."
76561197975475684,Recommended,242920,35001424,Posted: 16 September,all,Srix,"A fun and challenging colony building sim with a good level of difficulty. Resource management and proper job distribution are the key aspects. You can have pretty granular control of what kind of work is done in you settlement (8 farmers, 2 builders, 2 woodcutters, etc.) but can't control which colonist does which job. Usually it's the closest person to that job but not always.By far the hardest part is the beginning of a settlement (you might fail a few times before getting it right), but as the game progresses you have to deal with new problems like house placement: people can only walk so fast to their places of work so you have to make little farming communities near the farms. You then have to find a way to effectively feed those people as they're usually out of range of your inner city markets. Some people think this is a bug or a 'con' but I think it's a feature that's been implemented fairly.Definitely recommended for anyone who enjoys colony building and management games!"
,Recommended,242920,12935612,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,leggo,Banished is a great game.....the highest population i reached was 1700 without using mods. love this game.I would like to see a Banished 2 release
,Recommended,242920,35014922,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,"Like most games of this ilk, the game is good to play for short periods. There is nothing that makes it unique though. This game is passable, but not great. 6/10"
,Recommended,242920,9172118,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Veli,Reminds me of the classic Caesar and Pharaoh games by Sierra.
,Recommended,242920,9172669,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Bird,GODDAMN THIS GAME IS REALLY GOOD
,Recommended,242920,9172979,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Cable,"This game is almost like a medieval Sim City, but with a chunk of Stronghold thrown in, and a smidge of Settlers too :).  Its your village against the elements and nature, rather than any forced threat.Given the whole lot was pretty much done by a single (very talented) guy, its an amazing game.Well worth the money."
76561197998088118,Recommended,242920,9315749,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Phydeaux,I highly recommend this game.  It is the most stressful zen game ever.  There are no objectives or goals.  You just kind of play.  But at every turn you're worried about these imaginary people.  I actually get upset when some of my people die.  Both because I'm sad they are gone and also becuase I can't use them for labor anymore.
,Recommended,242920,9315789,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Kalita,Dear ATO: I will never finish my university degree and therefore get a job to pay back what I owe you because of this game. Sorry.
,Recommended,242920,9172889,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Prof. Kipper,"Banished...A town management game about survival. It features a quick and easy tutorial, and that's optional for all you trial & error people. I've had a lot of fun seeing my entire village die from starvation my first two years. You take on the role of 'God' or 'Mayor'(however you would like to put it. If there's one thing I've learned, it's that I'm not a generous god.Great game, especially for the price and considering that this was built by just 1 guy. Hopefully we can look forward to another game or additions to this game in the future, after the creator takes a little vacation time."
,Recommended,242920,9173218,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Gr8pboy,"Just a Normal little Frontier Type town that you mush keep alive, as the population grows so does its needs, even starting off you have a hard time gathering the goods neccessary to survive, so making it to a large city can be tough"
,Recommended,242920,9173256,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,BrutalSwede [WP],"I've played for ~2h right now. It's quite hard before you get the hang of it (Playing on ""Hard"" mode, so that probably explains it) but it's really satisfying when you see your little town growing. Every winter you survive is an achievment.Really addictive and fun. Recommended."
,Recommended,242920,9173465,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,vcjonesy,Just bought the game and it wont even load. trying to seek help but no where to find help. I been waiting for months and then silence. Bummer
76561197993228895,Recommended,242920,9175517,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,tommy_darko,"After playing for five hours straight and being completly taken in by this game I strongly recommend it! No attacking hordes of enemies, no great battles. Just build your town, have your villagers thrive and enjoy! But you never know what might go wrong next. As relaxing as it is, there is always danger lurking in the form of starvation, freezing temperatures and outbreaks of horrible diseases. I do appologize if this ""review"" does'nt make much sense, its 4:21 in the morning and I'm beat.."
,Recommended,242920,9175549,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,hickorynutgeorge,"Cracked open a jar of shine, put on some tunes and 2 hours later let my ego grow faster than my food source. As my town starved to death I just smiled. Groovy game! Thumb and a half up but only cause thats all I got. Looking forward to many hours of Banished."
76561198018371668,Recommended,242920,9176176,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,The Senate,"Half my population died in the first winter, and most of the people that made were women so after a few years everyone died of old age. But it was amazing"
,Recommended,242920,9188186,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Orange Wookie,"Banished is a city-building strategy game where you are tasked with ensuring the survival of a small group of people.  It’s your job to have your citizens to do everything from build houses to planting and harvesting crops based on season. While it might appear as a normal city builder on the surface, the core gameplay revolves more around survival than cumulative growth. Where Banished really shines is its ability to draw you in and punish your mistakes while leaving you wanting more.The game begins with a handful of villagers and a meager pool of resources. It’s up to you to provide shelter, warmth and food to your citizens through commanding them to build structures and gather supplies. Keeping your citizens alive is vital as they are, above all else, the most valuable resource in the game. Each villager must pull his or her own weight in order for the community to thrive by completing tasks ranging from clearing forests to producing clothing for the cold seasons. Apart from the usual resource collection and building of structures, your villager’s duties...http://thumbthrone.com/reviews/banished-review/"
,Recommended,242920,9188317,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Chotofish,"If you like being penetrated through your garbage disposal area with multiple simultaneous spiked phallic objects, repeatedly and unending, then this game is for you. However, once you've figured out the end game (optimal build/population control methods) the game gets a bit repetitive, as it lacks end game depth."
,Recommended,242920,9209793,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Iroquois Pliskin,Comfy as hell city builder. Not a whole lot of depth but pretty fun to replay.
,Recommended,242920,9209825,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Sharpie32,"Banished is to Dwarf Fortress as Sesame Street is to Snuff Films.A lot of people say ""I wish I could get into DF but it's too complicated.""  If you're one of them, this game is for you.  There are a ton of mechanics that are similar for tickling your magpie-like need to organize, but they are mellow in comparison to the violence involved in all things Dwarf Fortress.  All in all, this is a Grade A game worth $20 if you're considering it and a mandatory buy should it ever go on sale.  I hope this helps in your consideration of the game. :D"
76561197966587169,Recommended,242920,9305547,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Nokip,This is the game i have been looking for since settlers II on amiga. Looks good and well polished. Love it.
76561198115834993,Recommended,242920,9305739,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Aina Sul,"I have been playing for a whle now, and I have to say this is the best city builder I have ever played. I have been playing with them off and on for almost 20 years now... wow I did not realise that till just now! City building is one of my go to casul games that and RTS.This game is simple in design and complex in playing. I love the sandbox style play; all buildings are available at the start of each game no need to unlock anything.I would recommend this game to anyone on the fence that enjooys a good city builder.Oh I cant wait for the mods to start rolling out after the kit is released!"
,Recommended,242920,9313071,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,criazm_24,My first villiagers died cold and naked
76561197995389478,Recommended,242920,9315163,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Blackthorn,Probably the best city builder game ever.
76561198015241859,Recommended,242920,9172191,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Laus,"Love this game, although im still getting to grips its well worth the $20"
,Recommended,242920,9172381,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,The Messianic,I would strongly recommend this game
,Recommended,242920,9173438,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Ásgeir,"Awesome and relaxing, reminds me of Stronghold sans combat. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,242920,9176059,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,lorddead123,"Fun replacement city builder instead of the other one haha.  Good game, worth a look."
,Recommended,242920,9176116,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Zebrakiller,This. Is. amazing. eveything you would want in a city builder and only on the first day! I can't wait to see what else is in store!
76561198007412307,Recommended,242920,9176127,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,trauma,"If you love strategy games, resource collecting, building, planning and keeping your little people alive you will not be disappointed with this game. Some might lament the lack of combat in this game but I am not one, it is not necessary to enjoy this visually beautiful and wonderfully balanced game.I am convinced that this game is about to spawn an extremely healthy and committed MOD community. It is the game that many strategy gamers have daydreamed of creating had they the time and talent to write solo. Thank you so much Shining Rock!"
,Recommended,242920,9302405,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,princessgeek86,I'm addicted to this game. It took me 3 towns to finally figure out how to stop everyon from dying of hunger or cold!Really loving this game!
76561198050358434,Recommended,242920,9305350,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Talon Sky,Awsomely hard!
,Recommended,242920,9305537,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mɑxiиe ✿,Need a little bit update.But best strategy game I ever played.Five Stars <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
76561197972551464,Recommended,242920,9305563,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Bruce,with time and development this will only improve on the 10/10 score it currently deserves
,Recommended,242920,9305920,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,MiGGeLLo,"So far I've played 25 hours and love this game! As many others have stated if you love the old city builders like pharaoh or zeus this game is right up your alley. The only problem I've noticed in the game is that there is no easy way to move resources around (like setting caps on the amount of a particular resource in a barn or stockpile or ordering a stockpile or barn to unload to another location). A few things I would love to see added are:1) More difficulty keeping the population happy, and more complex gameplay and citizen needs in general2) Trading currently doesn't have the same feel of being integral to the economy (for example there being things you can't have on every map, and can only get through automated trades) like in some games, this would be a great addition.3) Greater ability to customize the economy of towns and set up a supply chain as mentioned as the only 'problem' I've seen with the game."
76561198007565171,Recommended,242920,9310805,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Artemis,"Its been along time since I've played any city building game, and I think people were left quite diapointed with the newest SimCity after its first couple of weeks.This game is a blast. Even though its simple in its nature (build and survive) there is alot more to the game then just that. Everything from managing food, supplies, resources, clothes and homes to your citizens, you need to worry about seasons changing, diseases and disasters.The game takes a few hours to get into, and perhaps a few tries, but the end result of succesfully having a 300+ population town that pretty much runs itself (in the end) is pretty satisfying.A must get for the people seeking a new kind of survival game, that also likes city building.10/10"
,Recommended,242920,9311449,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Botswanian Lumberjack,"The game is very well made and you will have a lot of fun wile playing it, i know i have. Anyway you will make around 1200 cities and they will all end up dying from starvation, influenza or tornados. 10/10"
,Recommended,242920,9311903,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Chev,"YO, imagine Dwarf Fortress without the crazy traps and digging and fantasy setting, but with the same basic civ mechanics, and also with a modern game UI.If that didn't just convince you to buy this then there's no hope for you."
,Recommended,242920,9312479,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dodger,game good you buy. get now. you play. you never stop. you trapped forever in the game. you watch as your people die in your hands because you suck at food management. you fix food supply. you watch your population grow. it get too big so population starve. happy times
,Recommended,242920,9312496,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,the_lindsay,"Banished is a low-tech / old-timey city builder done really well. Without any story or goals you are drawn into helping your little plebs survive the winters, and as they come to have food and shelter security there are the concerns of sustainable expansion and trading for the luxury of a varied diet. Sounds boring written like that but it is addictive."
,Recommended,242920,9313275,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,killyjoy,I love this game! I have played countless hours on it and i suggest getting this game if your into this kind of games
,Recommended,242920,9313935,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Yelpet,"All in all a great game and DEFINITELY a step up over SimCity 2013. Leaves a lot of room for future expansion and improvement, and outright bleeds potential. Can't wait to see what's next for this great game!"
76561197998073523,Recommended,242920,9314485,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Holydiver951,"This game goes to show that Indie games can still be absolutely amazing. So much fun playing this game while watching Netflix and just watching a city amass right before your eyes. It is quite saddening watching your city fall once you screw up. I must so they, I sure do love when a tornado rips through my town within 3 seconds of me playing haha. Good times."
,Recommended,242920,9314683,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mansanity,"To put it simply, this game is very addictive, it's awesome. However it can definately use some improvement as well. The game just came out though, so there should hopefully be plenty of nice updates to come. Overall, I'd say that you have nothing to lose, so buy this game. You won't regret it!"
76561198063875527,Recommended,242920,9315094,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,AldeArte,"Banished, is a GREAT game. It is a very entertaining city builder where it seems very relaxed at first but suprises you by becoming more demanding of your concentration later on. At first it is a little bit confusing how to play and I spent about 2-3 different playthroughs learning as much as possible so I advise watching some gameplay first. As well this game has a lot of management in it so if you don't like having to manage everything this probably isn't for you."
,Recommended,242920,9316505,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,FFEJ,By far the best City Builder out there. Probably the hardest to. I have found a few bugs but its very new so that is expected. Great game overall and HIGHLY reccommended! BUY THIS NOW!
76561197993599748,Recommended,242920,9172581,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Ps2K,Nice game. More of a survival game than a city builder imo. The game looks nice and so far I have not encountered any issues.
