user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,243040,7749979,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Zane Thanatos,"One of my favorite games growing up Startopia still holds most of it's value even with how dated it is. It does scale to 1920x1080 (and possibly above) without having to do anything to the game which itself is a huge plus for an older game. Some of the menus/UI choices are clunky (but again, it's a very old game) but nothing terrible to use and the game does offer a fairly detailed tutorial through the campaign. If you like a good, old-fashioned, economy focused game - this is for you. While there are some forms of combat in-game (you can change settings to limit/expand this) it's mostly just focused on building a working, profitable space station.For $6.99 - you can't go wrong here."
76561198035054806,Recommended,243040,17165036,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,sara_bear,"Would you like to manage a space station?Here's a game I played on disc back in the day, till the disc broke. It's that fun...You manage a space sation. Keep your workers happy. Keep you vistors happy. Keep the station clean. Fight other station owners. Grow goods to trade. TRADE.Fun build game with cute aliens."
76561198006561486,Recommended,243040,11983921,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Cthulhu,"A classic to this very day, in my mighty yet humble opinion. Staropia offers something akin to a space station tycoon sim mixed with resource management and a healthy dose of humor. Cure diseases, perform hostile takeovers of station segments, and rehabilitate hardened criminals - all for a profit. Somewhat dated visuals aside, it's a very solid game with a good bit of mission-based play through the chapters as you learn to run a station, and a nice sandbox mode for testing your skills once you learn the ropes. So go on, give it a try... The Mighty Cthulhu commands it!!!"
76561198023755732,Recommended,243040,12627844,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Evil Cod!!,During my young teens I played this game into no end and was extremely fond of the hitch hikers reference and humor though for a long time have been unable to remeber the name of the game good old steam puts it in my face in a offer! Boooooom I thought revisided the game and dont regret any time spent onit!The game realy has aged well and any fans of theme hospital style managment games or even hitch hikers guid to the galaxy I would realy recomend it10/10
76561198120361438,Recommended,243040,14344598,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Barium,"its older but still addicting once you figure out how to play it. your on a space station with 3 floors. floor 1 you build power, hospitals, cargo holds and ports(for people to enter and leave the station) among other things. floor 2 is the entertainment and hotels floor and floor 3 is a biodeck where you grow plants to harvest for different materials.in this game you also hire(or fire) many different species of aliens. each species specializes in their own types of jobs. remember to give them all promotions every so often or they will quit.theres still a couple mod sites around and the game is very easy to mod. to me this game is a must have. be warned that time zips by when having fun specially with this game. hours will go by in seconds"
76561197992206547,Recommended,243040,9654577,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,B00tsy,Great classic! You want this one in your library!For it's time it was a high quality game with excellent game mechanics and solid addictive gameplay and good graphics. Even today it puts a lot of modern games to shame when you play this game.I play it on Win8 without issues and it supports high res widescreen resolution (though texts will get small).
,Recommended,243040,7753214,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Quintana Roo,"This is a childhood classic of mine. It is highly recommended if you like sim games.  Its a cross between dungeon keeper and sim city (albeit to a smaller scale). It is fun, hilarious, and rewarding. Graphics are great even today!  I come back to this game at least once a year because its so much fun.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,243040,17798023,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,fleur,"I picked this up primarily out of nostalgia. It's a game I've long enjoyed, despite the fact that I never quite grasped all of its mechanics when it was entirely new. It's very much like a sci-fi Dungeon Keeper - you're tasked with managing a space station, building facilities to squeeze money out of visitors and meet your employees' needs, extracting resources from plants, and going to war with rival groups for complete control of the station.Most of these gameplay elements are fairly simple and intuitive, and it's quite relaxing to watch the various aliens go about their daily lives aboard your station. That said, its simplicity is also one of the game's downfalls - combat is about as simple as pointing out a target and watching all your combat-capable employees rush to attack it without much thought to tactics, and strategic considerations in this game consist of nothing more than ensuring you have more warm bodies on your side than your opponent.Likewise, the management aspects are rather simple - it's not altogether difficult to figure out what you need to build and keep everything in the green, though there are some missions that do provide a satisfactory challenge, albeit one that doesn't really hold up on subsequent playthroughs. One thing I noticed was that population and demand for facilities don't always increase proportionally with supply - just a tiny handful of higher level entertainment buildings and hotels can very easily meet your station's entire demand, so expanding past a certain point becomes worthless, as most residents and visitors will only congregate at a few points, giving your station the feeling of an empty ghost town as opposed to a bustling community.Though a second look did reveal some flaws I hadn't noticed the first time around, I would still heartily recommend this game to anyone who might be interested in the general concept, as the game still holds up amazingly well, especially for such a low price."
,Recommended,243040,9913349,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,The Undertaken,"An oldy but a goody. An entertaining, even comedic, management game.Still works wonderfully, too bad it was overshadowed by certain other games release at the time."
76561197994855401,Recommended,243040,16487854,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ishan451,"Man, i wish i had known about this game when it came out. What a gem. Created by a bunch of ex-Bullfrog employees this is an amazing little management game. You are tasked with looking after certain sections of a space station. You start the game with 3 Bulkheads. One Industrial, one entertainment and one recreational. You have to look after the visitors of your small part of the space station, making sure they are happy, hiring some of them, to work on your part of the station, while meeting increasing demands.The game is made up in the good old 'tutorial style' where you have a fun mission and each mission it introduces new things. Like for example, in one mission it unlocks the priests and you get the mission to create a pilgrim station, giving you ample opportunity to learn how to use the priests properly, while being a fun and challenging mission on its own.Eventually you'll end up fighting NPCs over control of the station. Fighting them with weapons and economics (depending on the level), or simply sneak attacking them with a security droid, sizing control of the section.But its not all roses. The game was released in 2001 and it age shows, not only in the Artwork. The UI and its like are barebones, in the same style as it was common back in 2001... its lacking some tooltips and the interface is a little needlessly complicated. The background sounds aren't the best, but its a 14 year old game.It reminds me a lot of the original Themepark game, except Startopia has Aliens, Lasers and Spacemonsters."
,Recommended,243040,23345477,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Audish,"Somehow we made it through the 90s and 00s without a truly classic space station simulator. You would think Deep Space 9 fans or Babylon 5 loyalists would have pulled something together, but really all we have is Startopia. Despite the novel premise I never really got into this one as a kid, it being more Dungeon Keeper than I had hoped. Revisiting it now I see where it deserves a lot more attention than it got, and also why it was so overlooked.Startopia sets you up as the administrator of a classic donut-shaped space station. The first thing that may throw you off about your position is that you're not actually building the station, just filling the interior. Each station is sliced into a dozen sections with three decks each, a service deck, a leisure deck, and a bio deck. You construct buildings within these cavernous spaces that provide all sorts of services to your visitors and residents. These are anything from space motels and bathrooms to research labs and penitentiaries. Most structures can only be built on a specific deck, and in fact you can't build anything on the bio deck, just adjust the landscape for growing different plants.The result is a game that plays much more like Dungeon Keeper in space than a proper space station builder. Each visitor to your station is simulated, and you can watch them walk around, spend money, and see what they like and dislike about your digs. They also have stats that apply to their job if you hire them, as many of the buildings you build must be staffed. Hiring can be pricey if you go for talented employees, and in fact the economical side of the game can be quite difficult to keep balanced. You need a healthy mix of basic services, entertainment, industrial production, and trading to keep flush with cash, which is actually energy that keeps your station humming as well. There's enough going on to find yourself overwhelmed just keeping up with the basic operation of your station, to say nothing of garbage piling up or spies planting bombs around the place.There's a five-part tutorial that'll teach you the basics of the interface, and then a ten-mission campaign that drills down on the different aspects of stations. You might have to run a medical station, or a trade hub, or take over a derelict station from squatters. The first five are almost like an extended tutorial, but the latter half can be intensely challenging. A mission will generally take you about an hour but the more difficult ones might need several restarts, their striking difficulty almost requiring foreknowledge of the mission's quirks. If none of that sounds appealing there is an incredibly customizable sandbox mode where you can set victory conditions and individual difficulties to your whims.The basic 3D graphics have held up surprisingly well over the years, from picturesque views up the curves of your station to the little details on each of the aliens. Sound design also remains up to the task, with plenty of understated sci-fi effects and an inviting soundtrack. The big thing that might throw people off is how incredibly British the presentation is, with a dry AI assistant and plenty of off-color humor in facilities like love nests and space discos. Honestly it feels like a sim set in the Hitchhiker's Guide universe, and if that sounds like a good time then you'll get plenty of mileage out of Startopia. And even if it doesn't, there's a clever, if not perfect, management game to be had.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,243040,7367518,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"A fairly underrated classic that features a charming setting, some interesting dynamics, and the ability to allow 4 AM to sneak up on you. This game is addicting and lots of fun. Whether it's scenario play where you're kowtowing to the needs of the Gruelian Workers' Party or groaning over the Space IRA leaving bombs by your sickbays in sandbox, Startopia is easily worth your $6.99. Wait, $6.99? Jesus what, get this game NOW."
,Recommended,243040,19917130,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,tieio,That old classic that you played way too much back in the day is back for you to play way too much again!
76561198212605888,Recommended,243040,32611908,Posted: 21 June,all,jessbrooke,"Its the only Science Fiction management game I am willing to recommend to everyone, mosty due to its great atmosphere.However, it could use more than one spac station design, building on different shapes than a donut would be a fun challenge."
,Recommended,243040,10641891,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Shazaam!!!,"Do you like space? Do you like simulation games? This game is both of those things. It's in space. It's a simulation game. It's got aliens. It's real good. I mean, I like it. But for serious. Startopia is a space station management game. You must keep the station running well and keep the aliens who live there happy. There are several different species of aliens that all have specific needs and professions. For example, the Greys are natural doctors, the big bulky brown guys are best at security, and the half naked angel people are some sort of consort service. It's a very odd game, but it's a lot of fun. The story missions are interesting and a great way to learn how to play. And at the time of this writing, it's like $1.75. Go git it."
,Recommended,243040,14640541,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,EightBitRanger,"For a game that was originally released in 2001, Startopia has held up considerably well over time albeit with the help of a couple of unofficial mods. Sharing a bit of a City Life mechanic in the sense that each of the races all have their likes and dislikes which provides a bit more depth when it comes to prioritizing which facilities to place when, and highlighting the need to satisfy them all since each of them are essential for the success of the station in one way or another.William Franklyn as the voice of VAL is an absolute delight and having a sarcastic accented virtual artificial lifeform to guide you through the missions is a treat compared to other games that have only a textbox for players to read before commencing a mission."
,Recommended,243040,12297332,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Mazian,"For the life of me, I cannot remember ever buying this game, and yet as soon as I saw the screenshots of the game I remembered the gameplay. Since I had been pining over a space-station sim (since the other game like this one that was on Early Access recently flopped, releasing early without the full range of planned features) I decided to revisit this game. It was well worth the price of admission.You can read up on the history of Startopia on Wikipedia (there's a full article there) which talks about its lighthearted humour and cartoonish aliens and how the game was developed by ex-Bullfrog employees (after Bullfrog was absorbed by Electronic Arts.)While the game was not fantastic for its era (and while no game improves with age), it did sell 110k copies at the time and it has stood the test of time remarkably better than one might have anticipated. The torus floorplan (rounded floors, tiered levels, unlockable sections around the radius of the space station) holds a certain charm. The Targ race of aliens is reminiscent of Grunts from Halo: Combat Evolved (which makes it an interesting bit of trivia that Startopia and Halo were released the same year.) The varied races with their unique professions, the wide variety of mission objectives keeps the game very engaging: mining rest station, medical station, trading station, and even prison station are examples of the first four map objectives.Startopia even supported multiplayer (although I do not expect to be able to actually test that).The game lacks primarily in that it was designed for desktop machines of 13 years ago (as of the time this review was written). The graphics tear periodically as the graphics engine tries to render and hits a snag in translating from the old style graphics code to the newer hardware requirements. The alien avatars are fairly simplistic (although there is lots of emote activity going on and even some dynamic interaction AI that adds a sense of believable life to your aliens.) But the game doesn't take itself too seriously and plays up its cartoonish nature with narration that sounds like it came from Douglas Adams (of Hitcherhiker's Guide to the Galaxy fame.)In conclusion, while the game may not have been worth the full price tag (whatever it was in 2001) it is most definitely worth the lower price tag of today."
,Recommended,243040,31895449,Posted: 21 May,all,Tidus,"StarTopia is a classic diamond in the ruff developed by Mucky Foot Productions. (R.I.P. Mucky Foot) The games main focus is construction and management of your spacestation facilities. Although you will have a lot to do to ensure your populations happiness, you will be tasked with research and development, trade, security, supply management and much more. If you choose to do so, you can ally and cooperate or become enemies and wage war with other factions on your spacestation. The game features a stockmarket in which you can take advantage of to gain additional energy (Money). Also you can grow and harvest plants in your fully customizable bio deck. Grow food, medical supplies or even rare alien goods to profit from. Beware that enemy agents are always on the prowl to twart your plans with bombs and assassination attempts on your residents. The graphics and gameplay still hold up to todays standards in addition to a wonderful soundtrack. I strongly recommend StarTopia to the new and seasoned gamer as well as to anyone who enjoys a trip down memory lane!10/10"
76561198060017949,Recommended,243040,17233132,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Bobisme,"I can't believe i haven't already!This game is a must have for the RTS lover, creat industry, please the workers >.-  n kill the enemy, while continously expanding, growing black market goods and looking for the latest 'adult book store' all tucked into a nice little donut of 'don't go outside or you'll die'so what are you waiting for?Why aren't you ripping off tourists yet?10/10praying for a part 2..  :((ignore the game time)"
,Recommended,243040,18243790,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,JumpinJeSuS,One of the better more original games of all time that needs a true sequel.
,Recommended,243040,25511176,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BadassFreeman,"Startopia. Do I have a single friend who knows this game at all? My younger brother would probably be the only one. This is an obscure game that for some reason was forgotten, even by the publishers who (I think) refused to keep the game up to date and thus the Devs themselves kept working on it, making unofficial updates to the small amount of fans it still had. Sad, really. I got it for free a megaton of years ago, and I ended up getting a copy of it on Steam, so I might as well give it a review. As usual, I’m gonna start with what the game does wrong, then move up from there.First and foremost, the community of the game is long dead. And it’s a shame because the game was quite fun on the multiplayer department when it came out (well, “came out”. I got a retail version of the game months after it was released, but it still had players back then).Something that also kinda sucks is that the aliens that can actually fight don’t seem to have any real differences between them when fighting. They just shoot lasers out of nowhere. Fights just go down to which side has more aliens, security robots and security towers.Random events can also wreck complete f#cking havoc on any base, as while some of those events are quite helpful, others are CATASTROPHIC. Think of an alien going into your base, looking like any other of the nearly thousand aliens on your base. Now think that he has an alien parasite inside that, if not treated IMMEDIATELY will kill the host from inside and suddenly have a 5 METER TALL BLACK GIANT SPIDER DESTROYING BUILDINGS AND EATING PEOPLE ALIVE. IT’S LITERALLY THE FIRST ALIEN MOVIE BUT WITH SPIDERS AND MORE DEAD PEOPLE.Lastly, the game can come off as childish in some regards and f#cking creepy and disturbing on others. I’ve already mentioned the damn 5 meter tall spiders, but on the other side you have child-friendly prostitution, as angels give “love” to people who need it. Are you f#cking kidding me, the retail version had a +3 PEGI sticker and 5 hours into the game I’m running a jail filled with serial murderers and having people EXPLODE INSIDE OUT AND HAVING MUTANT ALIENS KILL EVERYTHING. AND NOT EVEN MENTIONING THAT YOU CAN HIRE PEOPLE TO MAKE ACTS OF TERRORISM ON YOUR RIVAL’S BASES. WHO RATED THIS GAME, AND WHO THOUGH THESE THINGS OUT!?Leaving the 5 meter tall spiders out of the way, what do we have left? An interesting take on Sim-like Strategy games. However instead of ruling and making sure a town becomes big and important, you create a space facility to do pretty much anything you feel like.And that should be the biggest point of the game, the freedom on normal games to just rule your side of the station however you feel like. And there’s plenty of useful buildings and things to do, from researching technologies and offering them to other people in trades for more than they’re worth to transform your station into a gigantic space-tourist trap.The game also offers enough feedback about what’s happening, something a lot of Sim games seem to miss entirely. At any moment you can click on an alien and get informed by him what needs your station seems to lack, or maybe you can open the visitors window and check that instead.The amount of races is kinda low, but they’re well done, all of them expanding to their own set of works. Some of them are able to make recyclers and factories work, others can work hospitals, you get the idea. There’s a few that are completely optional to hire like the religious guys who’ll turn your upper deck into some sort of biblical heaven, while the purple medusa hippies will fill that same upper deck with tons of trees that will produce resources.Something I also enjoyed back when I played this game are some of the player interaction stuff. You don’t like how others are attracting more people than you? Hire a spy, send it to some of them and watch on live feed as he places a bomb somewhere, then runs away. Or maybe hold auctions between players with buildings or resources you don’t need. Not many other Sim games offer a multiplayer aspect, and in that regard this game filled that, even though nowadays you will most likely only play against bots.I also really like the laboratories and how the tech tree works. Sure, you can always buy those buildings whenever you get the chance (but for a higher price), but with a lab you can just pick ANYTHING and send it to the lab, where it will be researched and your scientists will discover something from it (for example, sending trash will discover recyclers and trash-cans). I also find it great fun that you can even send CORPSES OF ALIENS WHO DIED ON YOUR FACILITY, and thus quickly learn why they died, being either natural cause or not.Do I recommend this game? Yeah. It’s a fun strategy-simulator game with a fun premise. Sure it won’t win any damn awards and it’s community is as dead as progress with Half-Life 3, but for it’s price, you get your money’s worth on value. Specially on a sale.TL;DR Edition: A Sim-like Strategy game where you rule your space station and turn it into whatever you feel like, while 5 meter tall spiders try to eat your tourists. Fun game on a sale, and it’s price is already quite low."
,Recommended,243040,14535123,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,John,"A classic, charming space station builder. (Can it be 'classic' if it was released in 2001? Well, in my mind it is.) You oversee a space station which aliens visit in the hopes of enjoying classy resorts, getting medical care or just grabbing a bite to eat and a nap before their next flight.Building is usually done by creating a room, then placing objects in the room (much like Theme Hospital). You build on the inside of a torus, and you can move the camera around with great freedom; it's fascinating to look through your torus and see rooms curving upward into the distance. In addition, there's a 'biodeck', where you can shape hills, valleys and lakes with great detail, as well as define different 'climate zones'; alien plants will grow there, which you can harvest for goods...Or you can transplant the plants around your station as decoration.As for gameplay, there are about a dozen missions that introduce aspects of the game in sequence; they're fun, although they can be challenging! You can also rule over a station in your own time in the 'sandbox' mode. Most missions have to do with building a certain structure and making sure all the other basic facilities are in place; a hospital mission, a prison mission, etc.. There's also a mission where you have to trade goods with passing ships; buy low, sell high!One last thing I absolutely must mention is the light-hearted atmosphere of the game. It has a very British sense of humor. Your 'assistant', VAL, sounds like a cross between the Dungeon Keeper narrator and HAL 9000. It's clear the designers were at least influenced by The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. The British slang might occasionally be a bit obscure for Americans (""boffins"", ""butcher's hook"") but the game has a great deal of charm."
,Recommended,243040,7355422,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Freyar,"Startopia is an interesting game that focuses around the basic premise of runninga  station with a whole bunch of people you can't directly control. Balance income, expenses, and a whole multitude of other difficulties such as rogue agents bent on sabotaging your station.The game plays very similarly to that of Dungeon Keeper, though without as much of a focus on being evil. This is business after all, and you can't make anything if everyone is dead! The game has a surprisingly witty atmosphere, something you expect from something developed in Europe with an amusing assistant that tries to believe he's perfect and you.. are just you.This is one of those games that I'm glad to see come to Steam, even if it's an older one."
76561198026458004,Recommended,243040,17914621,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,JIM 9000,"A space-station simulator. Well, not a serious simulator. It's light, it's a bit cartoon-ish. Build facilities, hire employees, keep visitors happy. It does have a fair amount of combat and killing, but it does not take away from the overall light-heartedness. The biggest problem is trying to figure out how & why things work. The tutorial will tell you what to do. But you will need to read user-created guides to learn the relationships between the various parts, and it is well worth it. I bought this game back in '01, and played the heck out of it. After losing the CD, I bought it on Steam. I would love to see an updated Startopia for modern PC's, but the game runs well regardless. I've recently started replaying the campaign missions and I love it. Highly recommended, and nominated for a 2016 Steam award."
,Recommended,243040,14562437,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ScottWhatSolo,Startopia has all the best elements of a management sim game.Still a hard challeng at times but overall an amazing game it might look dated but it never feels that way once your playing it.Its cheap and worth the money and half the time you can pick it up on sale for £2:00 you cant go wrong.10/10Wish there was a sequel square I would be on that!
,Recommended,243040,9957727,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Fight Aaaaaah,"Such an underrated, and underknown, game.  Graphics are a bit dated, but other than that (and the combat, OMG, the combat!) it's still a gem.Had it on CD (if anyone remembers those :D) ages ago, and rebought it on sale now.  Still lovin' it."
76561198095969972,Recommended,243040,29177960,Posted: 10 January,all,AlienfinderX,"A criminally underrated game, Startopia is fantasy/sci-fi business simulation/space station manager videogame made by Mucky Foot Productions (formed by ex-Bullfrog employees) and published by Eidos in 2001, in which the Player takes the role of a space station administer and with a British AI sidekick called VAL (Virtual Artificial Lifeform) at you side you managed various space stations with the task of developing them into popular hubs.Think Dungeon Keeper/Theme Hospital in space. Like in dungeon Keeper you have no direct control over the aliens that visits and wander about your station. Instead, it is your job to construct rooms and hire aliens to staff them. Each building or room provide basic necessities as well as recreation, encouraging visitors to remain on the station and continue spending their money.Startopia has a comical overtone, with lighthearted humor and cartoonish aliens that draws inspiration from and makes frequent references to mainstream science fiction, such as Star Trek, 2001: A Space Odyssey (the player's assistant computer VAL, is a parody of Space Odyssey's HAL), Red Dwarf, and The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. Startopia is dedicated to the memory of Douglas Adams, author of The Hitchhiker's Guide, who died during the game's production.More information I have placed a address to a Website that has detailed guide on Startopia that allot of fun to read.http://www.rakrent.com/rtsc/rtsc_startopia.htmThis game in my eyes is the true spiritual successor of Dungeon Keeper, it was even made by ex-Bullfrog employers who created the original Dungeon Keeper games. Even after all those years Startopia is still allot of fun and more than worthy to have in your Gaming Library."
,Recommended,243040,13055382,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Vultcha_,"consider my playtime with this game triple what it is stated on steam.in one sentence:  still better than 80% of the ""early access"" games available in it's loosely defined genre, and usually 1/3 or less the price.the player takes on the role of a space station manager in a ""hitchhiker's guide"" inspired universe.the main areas that require player management are: trade, expansion, visitor needs, hiring staff, collection of resources, combat, budgeting, research, and balancing resource needs.there's plenty there to keep the management style ""hectic"" and serene at different points... a player can find themselves at times hectically searching for hard to find planted terrorist bombs, negotiating 2 trade offers and fighting off a breach attempt; and at other times, finding nothing to do but to watch your hippies sowing plants in the bio deck.a classic and well aged ""management"" game.  i played this game from 3 different data sources over the years, and steam's is quite good.  nothing much bad to say about this game, other than at higher levels of resolution the text can be hard to read, so should be played at something more native to what it was made to be played at.buy it if you management games, specifically theme hospital or evil genius.  buy it if you like dry stupid British space humor."
,Recommended,243040,12284029,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,The Root Of All Evil,Better than DF-9 and a decade or two earlier.Mix the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy with Populous and you've basically got it.
,Recommended,243040,10920525,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ronin Tetsuro,"I first played this game many many moons ago. It was complex for me at the time. I couldn't' keep up, I kept losing objectives.Now that I've been more properly indoctorinated into the Corporate world of micromanagement, this game is a real treat. The graphics are a bit dated, yes. But I think there's still a good solid game here. Reminds me of the 'golden age' of resource management, where you're given a goal and the freedom to achieve it.You'll start out thinking it's easy, but the game just keeps throwing more and more mechanics at you until that moment when ""oh my god, I'm doing it. I'm managing a space station, every thing is ticking along, I'm making stupid amounts of profit...""And then a meteor crashes through your biodeck, killing one of the visiting ambassadors you're supposed to be keeping happy. While you go gawk at the crater, a sabateur plants a bomb on your port, and now everyone is trapped and panicing. You didn't place enough rechargers, so only about 20% of your workforce is responding, and you can't get them to stop picking up all the trash from the panic eating that's going on so they won't repair or build anything. Your resource stockpiles are going to waste on the floor and on the market because you keep missing our on the trade requests from visiting ships WHAT DO YOU MEAN NOT ENOUGH ENERGY TO BUILD MORE SCUZZERS?!?! OH GOD PLEASE SAVE ME ARONA."
76561197970923108,Recommended,243040,12295128,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Axos,"For any one who likes Space games, any one who likes city builders and management games, combine the three to make this zaney little gem, yes its old (2001), yes the graphics are dated but who cares, the game is sound and after a few hours in I can say its pretty addictive to play.Similar to Space Colony but on a station, playing away and building rooms to keep visitors/residents happy then to get an asteroid warning keeps you on your toes.Deffinatly one of the better games I have played in a long time.For £4.99 its a bargain, a must buy.9.5/10 or 86/100"
76561198075468422,Recommended,243040,23953644,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheMalformed,"One of the best gaming experiences I had in a while.Pros:-Atmospheric game with great, original ideas ive never seen before-Its a tycoon like game with dozents of different aspects. You will have to pay attention to all of them and manage your part of the station otherwise youll fall behind and your opponents will beat you.-Content rich game-There are many awe inspiring buildings and views that will make you say ""wooowdaaam"" (like when you enter your biodeck, lead the camera out through the window and you watch the whole goddamn donout shaped starbase from the outside and the planets in the background)-There are many wicked things that will make you say ""WOWDAMMIT"" (like kitten like creatures who are actualy parasites who will infect your residents and hatch an almost unstoppabe space monster, or a giant sandworm like creature who will swalow your alien visitors for their wicked entertainment - no joke, they will actualy pay for the ""experience"")-Lot of humor-Surprisingly deep and chalenging-Good, smart, unmercyful A.I.-Graphics are great considering the games age-Its just satisfying to watch all the uniqe mechanics working in action-Not to mention the small details, ohh those small little details-Has an unbelieavable twist at the end, once you beat the last missionCons:-At first Its a bit hard to figure out how the different mechanics work-Too much micromanagement, which is especialy difficult to do perfectly in the late game when you manage like 10 different segments. You will still have to look over hundreds of different things yourself, one by one in order keep things in balance, while you are waging war against multipe opponents on multipe frointlines-Short game, once you understand how it works and learn a few tricks the whole singleplayer can be beaten in like 10 hours-About the tricks, there are a few which I would consider game-breaking once you learn how to do them. Game-breaking because the A.I. won't be able to do much against them no matter how far ahead your opponent is, using those tricks can prolong even multi-player games so far you wont have the patience for finishing itMy rating is 18 / 20"
,Recommended,243040,18432835,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,FuturamaKing,"A great game, space station management at is best. I used to play it a lot.Fun and creative!Highly recommended."
76561198025079271,Recommended,243040,29247311,Posted: 14 January,all,someonesneaky,"Though I haven't played the Steam copy much, I've actually owned Startopia since shortly after its release in 2001, and have spent *countless* hours playing it. This is technically my fourth copy of it. The first was my brother's; he'd loaned it to me, since I loved the Dungeon Keeper series so much. I got a lot of use out of that disc before it was broken.I found an inexpensive replacement on eBay, so I bought two, one for me, and one for him. Eventually, my disc got a scratch -- just one single scratch -- in the perfect place to keep it from being used to install, though it still could be used to play. At some point, my computer had a meltdown, and I needed to reinstall Startopia, so I asked my brother to borrow his copy. He let me just keep it, since he never played it anyway.And even though I still have both of those discs sitting with all my other games, I still snatched up the Steam copy the instant I saw it, because it is worth every penny.For anyone who likes games like Dungeon Keeper, and its spiritual successor War for the Overworld, Startopia is definitely a good investment. The different unique species have their own specialties, likes, and dislikes, with missions that focus on each one. The Sandbox mode has a large range of options to customize your game. The controls are smooth and easy. The two main NPCs with speaking roles are amusing and well-voiced.The one and only complaint I've ever had about Startopia is that it's full-screen only, and can sometimes crash if you try to alt-tab to different windows. Despite that, it's still one of my absolute all-time favorites, and I can't recommend it enough."
76561197978646869,Recommended,243040,28618901,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Piratebear,"Game is old as ♥♥♥♥. Menu is flickering, frame drops are common. Scales to FullHD but the menu gets tiny then. It's old. It's so fecking old. UI is clunky and ♥♥♥♥♥♥, tooltips are slow, camera movement can be a ♥♥♥♥♥. Barely any useful information. The tutorials finish by asking the player to read the manual.That said, I seem to like it. Reminds me of Dungeon Keeper. Menu flickering is luckily no issue in the game but it's still crap. 50% goodness. Content great, but wrapped in cardboard and feces."
76561197971986620,Recommended,243040,8898137,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,dfurball,"A unique simulator that puts you in charge of your own space station and the duties that come with it. Meet a variety of alien species as they board your space station in search of love, luxury, medical assistance and spiritual guidance. Spies, bombs and territorial desputes become common place and  your attention is stretched between keeping visitors happy, profits high and survival."
76561198050590935,Recommended,243040,11520268,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Onion_Bubs,"To date, I have purchased just over 15 games on Steam. Some of them have been complete wastenados of my money - one in particular I shelled out a lot for and only got a couple of hours of semi-enjoyment out of it. Startopia is the exact opposite of that game - I paid very little for it and, so far, I've gotten more hours of fun out of it than any other game I've purchased on here.You're managing a space station which is being visited by nine different alien types, each with their own preferences and skills. You have to build facilities to ensure these aliens are healthy, well-rested, well-fed, entertained and other things like that, make sure any aliens who cause trouble get rehabilitated, keep the station clean, and make sure you have enough energy to keep it all running. You're aided by this artificially intelligent being called VAL who often peppers his advice with a degree of snark and you get occasional visits from a trader named Arona who I swear is a cross between a Vogon and Moneybags from Spyro 2.Speaking of Vogons, if you pay attention to VAL's messages and the descriptions of each individual alien, you might notice qutie a few sci-fi references in this game, particularly Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy ones.The graphics aren't brilliant and a lot of the animations do look kinda like the aliens are miming their actions rather than actually performing them, but they're good enough for what this game needs. The music isn't particularly great either but it does help to provide a great atmosphere. You're given a few tutorial missions to help you get to grips with the mechanics and then there's ten proper missions for you to do, each one focusing on a particular aspect of gameplay, like healing sick aliens, putting criminals in the slammer and cultivating resources on the bio deck. And then there's sandbox mode, where you can set things up how you like. Personally, I like just using it to see what I can actually do.Not that this game is perfect though. The combat system feels kinda loose. Like, I know that by clicking on the enemy I'm telling some of my guys to attack, but how many? And placing and managing muster points is just awkward. There is also this bug where if a gem slug sits at a table in a cocktail bar or gets in one of them slug baths, it will never ever leave the table or bath and it will die. I don't think this is too bad because, by the time you're building those things, you should already have plenty of energy in reserve in case of bad things happening. Plus, you could always handwaive it as the slugs dying in their own excesses or something. Finally, after completing all ten missions, unless you're willing to use sandbox mode to make your own, the replay value of the game diminishes.Really, though, those are the only bad things I can think about with this game, and I'd say it's easily worth at least double the price it's being sold for. I'd be willing to pay triple."
76561197960594758,Recommended,243040,12445888,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Siggy,"It's a beautiful and lovely game, full of quirky humour authored by the main man himself! I lovesd this game since I set eyes on it in 2001, and I've never stopped playing it. There is a certain chance that there will never be a game of this kind ever again, and that is why this game is so precious to me."
,Recommended,243040,32879327,Posted: 27 June,all,Shojun94,"I was really happy to find this childhood memory here. The BEST EVER spacestation ""tycoon"" game!This game is an absolute must."
76561198039416363,Recommended,243040,32697291,Posted: 23 June,all,Unez_rdr,"Well, if you're a fan of the city builder/management genre of games, this might be worth your while. That's especially true if you're a fan of Hitchiker's Guide or Sci-Fi in general.  It's a pretty old game - I see reviews from people who say they remember playing it when they were 'kids' - but it holds up well. It also works fine on a Windows 7 64bit machine that's a work computer more than a gaming rig, with screen resolutions up to 1920x1080. I only had one or two crashes to desktop in the time I've spent playing so far.The great thing about it is that, like a lot of older games, the gameplay seems more in depth and playable. It's from a time before you rushed something out and then patched it after the rage reviews began flowing in. No worries about seemingly endless DLC creep too - I'm looking at your, Paradox! - which is aparantly the best business model for today's companies serving a niche strategy market. It's anoying for many fans, the DLC creep, but understandable I guess if fans want these small market games. Ah, remember the good old days! And GET OFF MY YARD!Startopia has pretty deep mechanics to make your space station's economy function. There are a bunch of alien races which each have a specific job they do. Like the grey's - yes *those* grey's - they're your doctors. The winged men and women are your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. And the big green slugs - Hutts? - are simply tourists who poop out something that's worth a  lot of energy, aparantly. Never seen them do it yet, but that's what I've read in one of the guides in the Steam Community.It needs to be said that there's also an updated version of Startopia, or more precisely a recent spiritual successor, on Steam. Planetbase is very, very close to Startopia, I can't imagine after playing Planetbase first then the older Startopia that PB's developers were not aware or even fans of Startopia. Planetbase needs some expansion, I could go for purchasing some DLC if they expanded what you can build and more especially where, so once you've played through Planetbase a couple times you're not going to get any surprises. Not played Startopia long enough to say that.So, yeah, I'd recommend Startopia to anyone who is interested broadly in this genre. But then, you wouldn't be here checking Startopia out if you weren't, right? As the Startopia narrator says at the conclusion of his first briefing, ""I wish you freedom from stupidity!"""
,Recommended,243040,19341181,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Brad [Vancouver],Kind of a cross between Sim Hospital and an RTS. Good fun.
76561198030763895,Recommended,243040,27292741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Starpilot,"A true classic that is still a blast to play today. You are in charge of making an empty space station be useful, building various facilities, hiring staff, and having fun. If your station has other would be station masters, you get the fun of having an actual war as well! Great real time management game that includes research, manufacturing, security, and everything a wantabee space station manager could ever want. If you like tycoon games, management games, trading for profit, and science fiction, this is the perfect game for you."
76561198046090017,Recommended,243040,28125387,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,DBDragoner,I got the demo of this game (which is the first mission and the tutorials) when I was about 12 or so and played it over and over again. I begged my Dad to buy it for me off Amazon. When he finally did he told me straight up I'd only play it about a week or two than never touch it again. Whelp its over ten years later and I still play it. One of my favorite games of all time.
76561197980041649,Recommended,243040,23467247,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Merit66,"It was the little details about this game that I liked. In pretty much all games where you collect resources they dissapear and the only reminder of their existence is a number on your hud. In Startopia your items and resources are all stored in these big storage racks and you can actually see each individual box and even pull it into your item grid or inventory by clicking on them. The teleporter is one of the things I like a lot about this game. At one point there was a terrorist dropping bombs around my spacestation and right before the bomb was going to explode I placed it into my item grid. I was then able to place it in an unpopulated corner of my station so it could detonate safely. When you purchase things from a merchant ship it doesn't just pop into your inventory. The ship has to first ask permission to dock with your station, then after the ship docks with your station you can purchase things from them and the boxes are dropped off outside of their ship, finally the droids that take care of your station come over and pick the boxes up and put them in storage. Or, if your impatient or the droids are busy then you can pick them up with your teleporter and place them in the storage racks yourself. It's things like this that make this game so amazing. I would really like to see more of this in modern games."
76561198006704302,Recommended,243040,33955151,Posted: 1 August,all,-=ETM=-Screamer,"Startopia is one of those strategy games that is fun and relaxing. Just build your way into the perfect space station and try to please everyone.The game is realtime, but you can take your time building stuff.You can let your workers clean, build, research, grow food, sleep, eat, love, party and battle other competitors.There are missions, challenges and it's also possible to play sandbox.The game music is unique and relaxing to listen too. I think it really suits the game.Gameplay is pretty good, it's pretty easy to move the camera around and also building is pretty straightforward.The tutorial did not cover all aspects of the game, so it's sometimes hard to find the hidden menu's in the game.Here are some tips:- to conquer/battle a competitor you first have to declare war, otherwise you cannot reach enemy grounds.- if staff is leaving, you probably forgot to give them a raiseSimilar games:- Theme Hospital- Evil Genius- Spacebase DF-9- Planetbase- Anno (1404, 2070)- Space Colony- Spore- Dungeon Keeper- Dungeons- Maia"
,Recommended,243040,13117779,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,【ツ】,I enjoyed playing this game. It had Dungeon Keeper's humour and breadth with great cartoony graphics. The only complaint I have is with the camera controls. I wish I could vew the entire playing field from a greater height.
,Recommended,243040,18140634,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Professor Tenebrae,"Utterly fantastic. Look it's an old game and it still holds up.Great music, great gameplay, great humour.Just get it and play it. :D"
,Recommended,243040,13490979,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Vas,"Rating: 9/10 -- ★★★★★★★★★☆Valve: Please change recommendation/review system to use a 10 point star system. Much more accurate than ""yes/no"".Old game, but still great.  It's too bad there won't be a Startopia 2.  I would buy that before they could even think about making it buyable.There are a few bugs with the game however, some fixes exist.  If you get screen flickering, change the game to use Blip in the options.  You'll figure out which option it is.  Don't minimize the game or the flickering will come back.On rare occasion, the sluggerpartments also causes the game to crash, save before you try to make one.  Other than that, the game is rather nice."
76561198052266541,Recommended,243040,24805351,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,| AR | SpockerShocker,Needs a sequel so bad!  Can't believe Mucky Foot went under with a game like this in their library.
,Recommended,243040,7824564,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Chop Dash Chop,"Startopia is a gem, the kind that is usually hidden.If you ever played god games years ago you probably heard of a company called Bullfrog, and you probably liked the games they made because they were the sort of games where the innovative design and tight characterzation of every game element?Startopia is half of them continuing to do that with (Muckyfoot) while the other half goes to work with EA(Lionhead studios, formerly led by Peter Molyneux).You are in charge of a part of a circualar space station and your job is to take care of the aliens tourists, hire employees kill intruders and do whatever it is you have to do in each mission (same as multiplayer).The game is full of sci fi references but that's not a bad thing because unlike today's game, the jokes are incorporated into the gameplay, instead of having them blatantly put in your face (well, at least for the most part). There's the narrator and advisor AI VAL, who sounds like he is voiced by Stephen Fry which is awesome. There is the queue of items you can teleport around with sound effects that wouldn't look out of place in a star trek episode. and there's aron daal, a shady trader that might have been a reference to star wars i guess.Besides all that, the presentation is near flawless. If black and white blew my mind by how much you can have your world open and explorable in a god game while still having tight gameplay, StarTopia excells by giving you amazing possibilites with limited space and set pieces.If I have to give criticsm, I'd say that there's maybe a bit too little things to actually do, which might date the game a bit compared to the average run time of a modern game. This is a nitpick though, the game is fun as balls and you should really get it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,243040,14850004,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,CataLYTic,"This is a very fun and well-designed management game. You get the freedom to set your space station up how you want; you pick your buildings and place/design them, hire your people, trade your goods, research technologies and design your own bio-deck. The game achieves a good balance, often times keeping you very busy and struggling to keep your station running. The game is not too hard, but there's definitely legitmate threat of losing everything you've worked to build. Sometimes you might feel like you're absolutely crushing a mission or opponent, other times you're getting breached and don't have enough employees to repel the breach, and you just know you're kissing a part of your station goodbye.I'd say just in missions alone you can get 30-40 hours of play time, depending on how fast you complete them. And the sandbox mode will add some time on top of that for you. This game has some replayability, too. You could come back to it in a few months or a year and be sucked in all over again.If I had complaints, one would be the combat in the game. You can take sections of the station from other administrators, but the combat is pretty hands off for the most part. You initiate the breach and your people take care of the rest. I also found myself wanting a little more interaction with the employees I hired. When you first look at a potential candidate for hire there's a whole interface, but I was slightly let down when I realized all you can really do is hire, fire and promote. But that's just a very small ""I wish I could do more!"" thing. This is an older game, and the graphics are pretty much on par with games of it's age. Overall, I'd say great game. If only there were a sequel, or something similar that's on-par."
,Recommended,243040,25876871,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,cunthulhu,"Startopiahas:+ Legalized prostitution+ Cranky aliens+ Sarcastic JARVIS before there was a JARVIS (film AI version, not the freaking butler)+ A sly trader who will insult you and compliment you in the same breath whenever he's about+ Really crappy prison system, my prisoners keep escaping and killing tourists help.I played this game for ages when I was twelve or so. Loved it dearly, and after a few hours of playing it yet again, it still holds up. The graphics are typical early-2000s, the music can get borderline annoying if you don't go up to the Pleasure Deck frequently to decompress, and those stupid meteors will blast through level three right through your ~love~ shop every. single. time. but the replay value is wonderful and it doesn't get boring. The cutesy kitties that spawn and turn into massive spider monsters make sure of it."
,Recommended,243040,8707258,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,twitch.tv/lovindatacos,"One of the best strategy games I've ever played.  There's a number of custom missions available out there on the web to keep things interesting as well.  Good humour, easy to follow, wonderful interface and well polished.Even 13 years later I consider it a great classic"
76561197978981761,Recommended,243040,18260004,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Kumbassa,Fun little game with cool music.Takes a little getting used to the controls.
,Recommended,243040,13774296,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Broadcast,"Played this game when it originally came out over a decade ago and it's still one of my favorite simulation games.  The scope of things to do in this game is awesome, especially with the sandbox mode.  I believe this was made by some members of the team that developed Dungeon Keeper and this game was originally billed as a Dungeon Keeper in space.You are in charge of a space station containing 3 different levels (Industrial, Commercial, Bio) and expandable sections of a Torus (Wheel) style space station.  Either completing set-objective missions or in a sandbox environment either alone or vs an AI/Multiplayer.  The bio deck was touted as revolutionary at the time and still is quite the novel gameplay feature.  Essential you terraform the landscape of the deck in terms of altitude, moisture and temperature in order to grow different alien flora to harvest as different resources either for trade or manufacturing.Resource Farming (Biodeck), Combat, Staff Management, Building Management, Sanitation (Beam up that trash or you'll get space rats that mutate in huge monsters!), Trade, Spies, Religion just to name a couple of the myriad of things to keep track of as station administrator... it really does make this station feel alive.Pros:So much to do on 3 different decks of your space stationGreat voice acting (Guy who was the voice of the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy Tertiary phase is the main actor in this)Biodeck was/still is a great feature.Cute graphics and humorCons:No first person mode like in Dungeon KeeperBeing over a decade old, expect no updates or fixes."
,Recommended,243040,13366254,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Gabeux,"This game is amazing and weird - in all of the good ways.It's not my intention to guide readers through it's features and characteristics, given that you can find such information everywhere else in the galaxy.This game makes you think why there aren't more games that, so vividly, expresses the meaning of ""labour of love"".A seemingly simple sandbox/management game from Mucky Foot - a company that went under yet many people make yearly rituals to try to find and summon their developers - it's also, for the surprise of the unware, a game from Bullfrog, since some or all of it's developers went to Mucky Foot (I don't know all the details, though).If you are reading this and have no idea who or what Bullfrog is, I suggest you to fix that. Now.This game made me love videogames more than I ever did, and it was a big part of my childhood. Figuring things out in a era were I had no manual or plenty of internet wikis and forums available was epic.Anyone who pick this up should do themselves a favor and not spoil anything for themselves.In terms of story and missions, the game is not that big of a deal - unless you go back to 2001 were this was incredibly different from other real-time strategy/management games.The gameplay, living universe (well, station) and the little details is where it's at.Given that this game is around 13 years old, I won't go any further.However, I must note that playing this game still fells refreshing, very fun providing with weird moments (again, in the good way), which make me smile proudly knowing that I invested my childhood in such great experiences.If you STILL haven't bought this game, I seriously don't know what the hell you're waiting for."
,Recommended,243040,21129770,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Funktapus,"One of the most underrated games of all time. It's a charming, fun game that is complex and intricate without being overbearing. The art style is awesome and the graphics still hold up. It runs perfectly on modern PCs. The controls are as good as any top-down strategy game available today.IT'S $1.74 RIGHT NOW. JUST BUY IT.If this game gets enough sales maybe they will make a sequel."
,Recommended,243040,23739763,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ShOdinReepr,"One of my beloved games from yester-years. It was a sleeper hit then, its a sleeper hit now with one catch... graphics. Or lack there of by today's standards. Still, if you don't care about graphics and love good goal oriented gameplay then give this a try. You may just like it, really."
76561197990562257,Recommended,243040,29528672,Posted: 27 January,all,BW,"It's hard to get across in entertainment software, but Startopia succeeds in not only being a fun game, but a funny game. With its diversity, engaging style, and sly sense of humor, Startopia has plenty to offer.  It's a classic sim. Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,243040,23304493,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,(Storm)Alias,Light hearted and funny and yet challenging. They don't make em like they used to.
76561198129310315,Recommended,243040,22653990,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,JessC,"Amazing game, Loved playing this over the years, never gets old."
,Recommended,243040,7738145,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NIL0S,Toilets in space! A challenging and charming starbase sim.
76561197970506560,Recommended,243040,28061371,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zeocite,Still one of the best Dungeon Keeper type games.
76561198032203525,Recommended,243040,24466316,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,musizlover2008,"My Favourite Tycoon game ever. It was quite a unique Sim game where you manage a space station while dealing with needy peeps and maintaining your profits. I loved how the entire stage takes place in a donut station and when you can see half of your station from ground view while you can see the whole station from the bio deck including you opponents bio deck. This game had excellent british humor and hilarious joke hidden the peeps details. It seems easy working 1/4 of a station but it can be tedious rebuilding a captured section. Fighting in Startopia is a bit unimaginative with peeps just standing still while taking shots from lasers and the A.I can be annoying when he hires all his peeps by the boatload leaving you overwhelmed if your defence force are scattered in the battlefield. Overall, the game is a classic and i will recommend it to anyone who enjoys tycoon games."
,Recommended,243040,11007188,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Madcowe,"A blast from the past!Startopia is I game I played many years ago when I was still very young. The game is really fun to play with and I feel like it has barely even aged!Sure the graphics aren't realistic or anything, but they are pretty pleasing to look at.The gameplay is amazing and it also has funny jokes and references throughout.The campaign can get a bit tricky though, but once you understand it it is amazing :PEither way, I totallly recommend this game! It's fun and you won't really get tired from it :)"
,Recommended,243040,19110691,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Democritus,"I played a ton of this game on an old system, glad to see it ported over to the new pentiums (joking).Really though, it's good."
76561198029903975,Recommended,243040,20986589,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SugarySnax,"Lots of fun but its a maddening game. Here's a couple of examples. Each alien has about five things that need to be satisfied like hunger, cleanliness, fun, etc. In most games you'd just click on the alien and you'd be able to see which category is the problem but in Startopia you have to click on each category and then wait for the delayed physical reaction of the alien. It can take a long time for one creature and there are a lot of creatures. It makes me nuts. Sometimes, yes, they do get a floating balloon which I think means they need fun. I'm never really sure. You also have to hover your mouse each category and wait for the tool tip to pop up. This is bad in a game where the doors to the next sector can open up and a swarm of enemies can disable your equipment and kill your guys in a hurry.Then there's another aggravating thing that is just needlessly odd. You have a management screen. I didn't know this until I played for about 30 hours but you can promote people from this management screen. They sort of paste a promotion star to your cursor if the alien feels like it needs a promotion if its not going to quit it's job. Elsewhere you click on something to promote the alien so this different way of doing things on the management screen threw me off as I was trying to click on things and promote aliens whether they felt like they deserved it or not. The second failure in both these things is that they aren't mentioned in the tutorial and they make the game play quite a bit better. They're sort of essential.Its too bad because Startopia is really neat game. Its fun, creative, unique and its deep. There are many hours of gameplay but there are things you have to put up with that other games like Tropico, Rollercoaster Tycoon and Railroad  Tycoon did better. Definitely a good buy."
76561198024983977,Recommended,243040,24566702,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BrouQ22,"I. Love. This. GAME!I've played a lot of city building type strategy games, SimCity, Rome Total War, WarCraft, StarCraft, their sequels, and more. This one is unique in a number of ways. It has charm, amazing attention to detail, and an awesome set of missions that really introduce you to the game. I played this when I was younger and it had just come out and fell in love. I kept coming back to it even when I lost the disc and my graphics card couldn't handle the textures. I'm not gonna lie, I pirated this game so many times just so I could keep playing. And I bought it, despite the fact that I didn't necessarily have to, because it's just that good and these developers deserve the money. I don't know if you're still in business Mucky Foot, or who owns the rights to this game, but I would KILL for a sequel!The economy is incredibly diverse and you can inhabit any sector of it that you wish or fits the mission. Grow or manufacture basic goods to sell, buy basic goods and research more advanced buildings, or be a straight trader and buy low from certain alien races and sell high to others. You can focus on tourism, religious pilgrimages, security and war, farming, or manufacturing and selling. Certain aliens will do certain jobs that are vital to basic functions and making money. There is fine detail control on what buildings charge for services, Roller Coaster Tycoon style. (P.S. SimCoaster is better!) And VAL, your AI helper, is hilarious.If you like city building games with an awesome economy system ....in SPACE!, then get this. It stands the test of time. Graphics are a bit old, but they still look damn good. In fact, I've made myself want to play it again right now!"
76561198137639528,Recommended,243040,31874286,Posted: 20 May,all,sladebarrow,"I love this game!!!!!!I played it a ton before I joined Steam, but it had lost it when my desktop imploded.When I joined Steam, I looked for a similar game, but eventually bought Startopia.It's a little nutty, a little silly and a lot of managing.  YOu can be the benevolent station master on your good days, building a beutiful place for weary star travelers (and get your groove on with the Disco) or you can beat the crap out of your opponents if you've had a bad day.Sacrificing tons of cannon fodder just to take one section can be the best stress reliever in the world!  Or the universe!Growing and manufacturing goods and making a killing in the energy market - what's not to love with that?Picking up litter and recycling - it's good for the station and the Universe!Hunting down spies and blowing them to bits - gotta do more of that!And if you really want to, you can complete the actual story line.  It's fun too."
76561198165779362,Recommended,243040,28920283,Posted: 1 January,all,whelan_matt,"Timeless game, fairly simple to grasp and extremely fun, just wish they made another !Well worth the pocket money price, always go back to this game every few months when I'm bored of the so called state of the art mmorpg's and the likeThey nailed it with general simplicity and fun you can have, plus, for how old it is the graphics are still pretty sharp especially with the high resolution.Solid 9/10 !"
,Recommended,243040,17418456,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Garth,"Fun, humorous, challenging to master 11/10. Now need a reboot just make sure to keep it's core values and add LOTS more missions, co-op / multiplayer."
76561197970946674,Recommended,243040,9768715,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Darkstar130,A classical favorite of mine
76561197982537727,Recommended,243040,8037885,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,deadmeat,"Whats to review? You get to build up a space station, and it's good clean fun!Was fun in 2001, and still is!"
76561197974944933,Recommended,243040,9704984,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,[WIN] Astraeus,A highly fun city builder type game that will appeal to Hitchhikers' Guide to The Galaxy fans.
,Recommended,243040,9653050,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Mysfyt,"There are few older games I remember as fondly as Startopia, and it's one I still return to 13 years later. You start with a single room in mostly derelict toroidal space station. Your job is to get this station back on its feet, popular, and profitable. Place everything from bedrooms and bathrooms to entertainment facilities, medical bays, research stations, and more. Keep an eye out for troublemakers. Tighten up security. Trade with passing freighters. Terraform a biodeck and use it to grow harvestable plants. There's even a tech tree.I would highly recommend this game to any fans of Dungeon Keeper, Evil Genius, The Movies, and even games like Dwarf Fortress and The Sims."
,Recommended,243040,9671577,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,MEJA[R]I,"The very first game I truly loved. It's a classic of the highest order. Hilarious sense of humor, great gameplay and missions that will keep you entertained for hours. I cannot recommend this highly enough."
76561197970278686,Recommended,243040,9808833,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,cswiger,"9/10.  Lost gem: namely, Dungeon Keeper in SPAAACE!  (How did I miss this the 1st time around??)There's ten single-player missions, each pretty distinctive and nice learning curve; also sandbox mode and there's user-contributed missions floating around as well.  The missions are interesting enough to replay a few times around.The biodeck is awesome given some time.  Big tip for litter cleanup: right-click a scuzzer or two, drag the cleanup icon to the top so they prioritize doing that more."
,Recommended,243040,8059528,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,#Rozzertoad,"I loved this game when I first played it, and it still is as good as I remember, so many good memories, highly recommened to anybody even if you just want an easy game to relax and enjoy"
76561198089989828,Recommended,243040,9659381,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,floboug,"Excellent !At the beginning, you will wonder why you bought that weird thing ... When you will come to manage crawling various aliens, develop your discoveries, build multiple buildings on two stairs, alienform your biodome, and organize some defense, you will change your mind.I you loved eras ago Theme Hospital, you will probably prefer this one which have no bugs and fine graphics.Something i haven't seen in reviews : the biodome management and farming is very pleasant, and, nice."
76561198008857824,Recommended,243040,7397618,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,odd complex,One of my all-time favorites. This game has great atmosphere and humor to round out the challenges and keep you playing.
,Recommended,243040,7471201,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Kline,"Camera angles can be a bit wonky, but a really great classic RTS / Sim City mix."
76561198011520678,Recommended,243040,9589486,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Count Rossi of Claire,"Quite simply the best rts/city builder/sci-fi hybrid I have ever played. This game is fun incarnate. Not to sound too cliche but the worst part of this game is that it ends. Classic then, classic now. Don't miss out on this title!"
,Recommended,243040,14085552,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Wesley,"Want to manage a space station? This is your game. Lots of humor and the levels are build up with a different objective every time. The graphics are old, but it's an old game. Recommend it highly if it's on sale."
,Recommended,243040,13175976,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Profitter,My only wish was that they would sequel this or add additional content.  Its really a fun game.
76561197973382668,Recommended,243040,12762743,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Darkvaler,"Mainly with this game i enjoyed the building/production/ and running a prisonall which being on a space station it was different which i enjoyed, But found multiplyer pretty bad.Loved the trailer for some reason....:)"
76561198011912721,Recommended,243040,13439604,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ExplorerRowan,"This thing, it is adorable."
76561198004468069,Recommended,243040,23146885,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,metallicaphil,"this game is brilliant, i've been playing this game for 15 years and it's still as good now as its ever been"
,Recommended,243040,7363914,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,City Builder,"still an awesome game, even in the year 2013."
76561197997599089,Recommended,243040,17054081,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Jonathan B,"This is an oldie but a really goodie. It's a sandbox space station administration game. The missions are well thought-out and each is challenging in its own way.  The solution to one mission can't be used to solve the next, so you're required to think up new tools, solutions and strategies each mission. The basic gameplay design is really clever, leading to a surprisingly fast-paced experience as you attempt to meet your goals. The usability can sometimes feel a bit slow, like when you wait for an alien to finish what they're doing so you can finally hire them, but overall tasks are pretty intuitive to accomplish.There are unfortunately a lot of bugs, which become particularly obvious once you have a large sprawling space station (the AI for the scuzzer helper robots is particularly bad once you have a lot of them as they all end up trying to do the same thing at the same time instead of spreading out), but there are no critical bugs that ruin the basic game play or anything like that."
76561197970617010,Recommended,243040,17450193,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Geez3r,"It's probably a good thing I've just picked up this game.  I was hesitant about getting a game that's almost 15 years old, but dang is it addictive.  Like I forget to smoke kind of addictive.  Don't be afraid to turn the difficulty down and increase your starting money when you're first learning to play.  It will still keep you busy.  Average (default) difficulty offers as much of a challenge as I want.  I imagine the hard levels are fiendish.A great sim that has aged surpisingly gracefully, Startopia is one of my new favorites.  If you like sandboxy sims, definitely pick this up!"
76561198007434363,Recommended,243040,17533702,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Snowpig,My alltime favorite space station manager. Start with a pile of dump and transform it into a luxury resort/trading hub.Bonus: design your own landscape on the top/inner level of the torus.
76561198095263925,Recommended,243040,27886073,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kaku84,Highly addictive and hilarious.  One of the best classical games ever made!  You don't feel the repetitveness of constantly building and explanding for your residents but in fact worry find ways to spice things up!
76561197968831423,Recommended,243040,27913870,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ekho1,This game is a must-play for those that remember and enjoy strategy/management/city-building PC games of the late 90's and early millenium.  While not incredibly difficult in the managerial department it is bursting at the seams with charm and character.  In fact that is where I'd say the game's only faults lay; it could use more micro-management and nuance.  You basically lay out your buildings and keep the people happy but what makes them happy only varies from mission to mission.If you're looking to analyze and manage financial spreadsheets then look elsewhere but if you're looking for a fun and relaxing city-builder than buy this game.  It's worth it.
,Recommended,243040,27751254,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RedRazorWolf,This is a true classic that is still fun to this day.  This is one of a few games that I find myself coming back and replaying almost every year.
76561198035422103,Recommended,243040,27944309,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Durandal,a hidden gem of time long past. And yet although it's time should of past i find myself going back to it for the cool music great gameplay and amazing dialouge
,Recommended,243040,20779730,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Daniel.Drache,"Great Game, Old but still fun to play"
,Recommended,243040,21469138,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Dyingdemon,"Never played this before I bought it, and I have to say, for a old game it's fun. It can get a *tiny bit* repetetive but at the same time its challenging and fun. you can't just rush in and build and win. you have to plan and care and...find love xD. Either way, very fun for such a old game. highly recommend. just wish there where more official missions."
76561198086162454,Recommended,243040,8942367,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Mr. Mosquito,this game is unbelievably addictive! it's a must have game!
76561197960281570,Recommended,243040,16724988,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Combat Gorge,"Game is kind of like a small spaced based sim city, I cannot say it is amazing but I enjoyed playing it.The game has a rudimentary combat system with player-hired aliens and robots duking it out with hostile life forms that either infiltrate your community or try to invade your docking habitations.You hire other aliens to operate certain aspects of your station like Sirens that look a bit like angels that work in the space-based equivalent of a house of ill repute. Though I say that, the game is not that seedy, so do not expect anything shocking coming from that aspect.You balance the needs of your residents and cash income by creating different facilities across three separate sections of the space station you reside in. The first section is going to house living areas for your crew, medical facilities, jails, recycling plants, etc. The second section is the entertainment area where you put those said houses of ill repute, casinos, and anything available to bring in visitors and increase your income. How much you charge in itself is up to you and you can set the price for goods and services. The upper most section of the space station I guess is for creating a nature area; I never quite understood the point in the place other than having habitat zones for each type of alien.Though this game does offer a lot in terms of content, it really just feels like you build endlessly until completing your idea station. As a result, the game feels a bit above average it is not a bad game, in fact it is actually a good game. However, because of the repetitious nature of the game I lost interest quickly, so though I recommend this game, I do so in a sense that the game is a good single play through."
76561198008177122,Recommended,243040,9127003,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Cannikin MK3,"Sometimes the things you remember so fondly are just due to the rose-tinted goggles of nostolgia. This is not one of those. It is brilliant and beautiful. The mechanics, the music, the art, it all comes together into a thing just this side of perfect. It's something the is so deserving of an expansion if not a sequel. In the end, you'll want more. So a toast to the ladies and gentlemen that made this. A raise a glass to you."
76561197969929023,Recommended,243040,7494149,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Scuzzer,"Finally on Steam, awesome management game, particularly if a fan of Red Dwarf / Hitchhiker's Guide style humour!"
76561198032826256,Recommended,243040,18039040,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Goodwc72,I was beyond stoked when i saw this title in the steam marketplace. this is nostalgic gold.
,Recommended,243040,29748327,Posted: 6 February,all,J423D,"Played this absolute gem of a game when it launched in 98. Still able to pour hours into it even after so many have been long lost. The only question in my mind, is why hasn't everybody played Startopia. There are far too many sci-fi references to list let alone the pros's of Startopia."
,Recommended,243040,13841116,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TheInstagrahame,"Since its release, this is a game that I have gone back to in my mind, even if I haven't been able to play it. While the gameplay is a slightly challenging resource management with a dash of The Sims, the atmosphere and universe the game takes place in is what has always sold me on it. A Douglas Adams/Red Dwarf sci-fi universe in which two-headed scientists need love from sultry sirens, four-armed farmers grow crops alongside alien monks. Your assistant is a sarcastic AI who is a bit more Marvin the Paranoid Android than GLaDOS.The missions are challenging, combat isn't super intuitive, and it has glitched out on me a few times. Why do I keep going back? I want to see what happenes when you research the alien artifacts, or what kinds of plants give me what kinds of cargo. There is always something to do in this game, some way to expand, some way to grow and become the best Station Administrator in the 'verse."
,Recommended,243040,9048395,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,[N63] chrisragnar,"Might still be one of the best game, 13 years later."
,Recommended,243040,11837702,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Jamsa,"Very Awsome game is back! Only worst thinks is there is no sever in steam. If you want to play multiplayer, you must be use lan or Game Ranger. Steam get server system for this game. But thanks you but that game on here."
,Recommended,243040,9103582,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Franxski,Fun game. Cross between Hitchhicker's guide to the galaxy and theam hospital.
76561198042081670,Recommended,243040,9188434,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Eric Rational,"Played for the first time in 2014, was hopelessly addicted until I completed all ten missions a week later. Well worth picking up, it's much better than any comperable modern app/game at the same price or cheaper."
,Recommended,243040,9230190,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,SammVitch,"It's been so long since playing this that I had to play through the tutorial again, oh how I miss this game. Its Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy meets Deep Space Nine. The controls are somewhat dated, but are easily to get a handle on once you get going. Combat can get clunky especially when trying to direct your employees where they need to go, but often you'll go missions without even needing any combat.$6.99 is definitely worth your money and time to play this classic gem.Years later and still a solid 8/10 game."
76561197990642867,Recommended,243040,22933131,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,OniRobotics,Douglas Adams's SimCity
,Recommended,243040,28935565,Posted: 2 January,all,Nim,As brilliant game today as it was in 2001.
76561198013132245,Recommended,243040,13953548,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,huminado,"This game starts out really slow.  I had some trouble with it at first, figuring out the economy.But after playing for a little while, it quickly becomes very engaging and hard to stop playing!  This is an under-appreciated gem - very cute graphics and endearing characters, and the game flow is captivating.  There's always something to deal with.It's a city-building game - but you're building a city on a space-station which is a spinning ring to generate artificial gravity.  There are 3 layers (levels) to build on and associated costs for unlocking more space to build in.  There's also space management (not very fun) for cargo holds.  There's also occasional sabotage, which can bring your whole economy down if you aren't careful and run out of funds after a bomb goes off.  The driving force behind the game is 1) the character personalities and 2) the economics."
76561197986932207,Recommended,243040,10275903,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,loogawa,"I played this games for days and days when it first came out. Saw it again and surprisingly it holds up perfectly. Some people have screen flickering issues, which you can change the vsync to fix. The only negative is that the text doesn't properly scale with resolution, but you aren't going to be playing a 13 year old game for the graphics. There is literally no game quite like this available today, I wish there were other games like this to play, but for now I'm going to keep playing this one."
76561198006392678,Recommended,243040,27600603,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Plissken,I will always remember that monkey and the donut summoning monolith. Too bad I can't get the intro video to play.
,Not Recommended,243040,13675935,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Metaloha,"I bought this game on CD way back in the day and loved it, but eventually lost the CD. Purchased it on steam recently and it won't work - I have to click through 7 or 8 crash messages every time. Valve has been no help, the developer (Gathering of Developers) is long gone, and no one knows how to get this working on Windows 7.I had expected that if a game is being sold on Steam, the game would work on most common hardware. I guess my i5 running Windows 7 is just too esoteric for this one.Update: I can't post this review until I've let the game crash for a full 5 minutes."
76561198083123609,Recommended,243040,33302901,Posted: 6 July,all,Admelein,"I grew up on this game many years ago, it was such an amazing game at the time. I probably easily spent over 300 hours on it just messing around doing different things. Playing it again brings back so many memories, I really am glad I saw it at the steam summer sale. It was one of those that were recommended and I remembered it right away."
,Recommended,243040,12686317,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Anne,"I suck at writing reviews. Just buy this game, it's worth it."
,Recommended,243040,13802464,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,GermSausage,"Addictive city building title with a healthy focus on resident management without to much micromanagement from the player's part.Increasing the screen resolution isn't the best idea for this game, One might find himself with a microscope trying to read the (really) fine text."
,Recommended,243040,7441113,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Murder Mountain,"Its a little old, but its a gem of a game. I highly recommend it."
76561197991349314,Recommended,243040,25528643,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Amoraluv,wish there were more missions
76561197999548800,Recommended,243040,12588680,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,doerk73,I liked it even though graphics are dated and the mission is way too short.
76561198052674173,Recommended,243040,13865671,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SkyeRise,"Even before buying it again on steam, I had this game years ago and must have played it for over a hundred hours. I can't explain why, but it doesn't seem to get old. There are very few gems like that around these days."
76561198076108077,Recommended,243040,29618789,Posted: 31 January,all,Gwyliad,"Deep Space 9, now run by the Dungeon Keeper..."
,Recommended,243040,24005112,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Buloak,"5 Stars, FUN"
76561197970904237,Recommended,243040,25720870,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,silverarm,"Great, timeless game"
76561198023641953,Recommended,243040,12332912,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ISKN,"Antigo, mas ainda assim divertido ..."
76561198129101111,Recommended,243040,11814761,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,unknown.notregistered,"This is a great game.It mixes elements of city building, research & development, strategy and combat with a ton of decision making that can help drastically build or ruin your progress.  It can be frustrating, engaging and outright entertaining for hours as you scheme, build and plan how to command or conquor a station.This cannot be reccomended enough, and for such a dated game it still puts others to shame for its hours of potential fun."
76561197989789822,Recommended,243040,26589343,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Clockwork Onion,"Humor is top, gameplay is nice, mechanics are enjoyable.It even look better than a lot of 2005+ releases :p"
,Recommended,243040,26619533,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,razynoir,"The retro graphics doesn't make it any less of a splendid simulation and management game even by 2016 standards. There's sufficient amount of game elements to engage you for hours, with high realism due to its balanced simulation setup."
,Recommended,243040,15594155,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mercus,"Nostalgia crits you for over 9000!Still one of the best simulation/tycoon games ever. The building, trading, research and mission based learning of mechanics is truly a masterpiece. Building ecosystems and religious sects on Biodeck, biggest party deck ever in the middle and industrial powerhouse at the bottom!Only downside this game has is the combat system, its too simple for its own good, and does not allow good control of your own troops so they end up killed in stupid ways!"
,Recommended,243040,15023408,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Witless Jester,"An amazingly well aged sim game. The only real artifact of it's time is a slightly clunky interface, but that never really gets in the way of its enteratianment value.The game has a great atmosphere for waht it does, and gives the player to set up whatever space station concept they could ever dream up, with several examples being given in mission mode.Space Hospital? Sure!Intergalactic Trading Post? Capitalism HO!Inter-Planetary Penitentiary? The Princess is in Cell Block AA-23Not sure about this high-tech Tom-Foolery? Set up your agrarian utopia on the Bio-Deck!And when you have the station of your dreams set up the art design makes it joyful to just watch the kalaeidoscopic crowd go about its business."
,Recommended,243040,15309605,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Telarius,"This game reminds me a little of Space Colony (another older title which will soon be on Steam).  So far, I have not been disappointed, especially given the price.  If you like science fiction games and space station management, I highly recommend considering this title."
76561198060725182,Recommended,243040,15591926,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,The Hobo In Training,"I played this game as a kid and loved it. Coming back to it as an adult with a more mature mindset, it feels like an entirely different game in a way. As a kid, I had no idea why I kept having my people explode into giant aliens that went on rampages. I had no clue about proper research/build priorities or how to tailor each sector for my different races.Now that I'm an adult, I do! It took the game from being a funny city-builder type thing, to a more complex one with Tycoon/Management vibes and hostile take overs! What I'm trying, poorly, to say is that this game has only become more enjoyable from my days as a kid, and that anyone looking for a bit of fun that's not too casual, should give this game a try.EDIT: I did have one problem with it giving me an error when trying to launch it. Turned out to be due to my monitor resolution, and the fix was super simple! Just add /r  and then whatever your resolution size is by right clicking your game, selecting properties, and then set launch options. In my case, it looked like /r1920x1080x32 and it solved my issues with the game failing to launch. The 32 at the end is the OS I think. Been awhile, but give it a go, and if 32 doesn't work, 64 should."
,Recommended,243040,16178586,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,atomik_thunder,"Used to play this when I had a subscription to Gametap, bought it on Steam last year only to find that it was unplayable due to the fact that, well, it's old(ish?) and my computer is apparently too awesome for it's own good.  Was unable to resolve the issue at the time and gave up (I've dealt with compatibility issues plenty of times so if I can't find a workaround, the program itself is borked), totally bummed that I waited too long to file a claim for a refund.  HOWEVER...Accidentally launched the game last night and...  It works now.  In fact it works just fine.  I don't have any idea how, but it works.There is something addictive about this title that I can't quite pinpoint.It's a builder for sure, but more in the vein of the Tycoon games IMO.There is also something inherently irritating about it.The controls and interface are odd, clumsy, and counter intuitive at times.The visuals are decent, albeit cartoony.Honestly I wish I could give it a neutral rating, because the pros don't out weigh the cons and vice versa- it's not a bad game but it's not great either.I'm going to go ahead and give a recommend though, simply because the price is low."
76561197986449161,Recommended,243040,16262796,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Darth JoDa,Startopia is a great game. Although it appears simple at first it goes deep and forces you to think hard on your strategies. The sandbox mode adds a lot of replayability to the game.
76561198147100512,Recommended,243040,15478594,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Theolas,love the game easy to use
76561198039931722,Recommended,243040,16282030,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,anglice,"/r1280x1024x32Is what you need to paste into the Library-Startopia-Rght Click Properties-Launch Options Box to get the game to fire up if it won't start.Looks a decent wee game, now that I found out how to run it with a Radeon 5700 on W7"
76561198029512670,Recommended,243040,24802449,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,BLAZE,Awesome game !!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243040,28973523,Posted: 3 January,all,Super Speth,"I played this when it came out and now that I played it again I remember what's wrong with it.Every game is the same. You get a circular, bare station to build square rooms in. Their placement doesn't really matter except for some weird things (you can build a food dispenser on the first deck, but you really shouldn't because it will create litter which attracts monsters, the game doesn't tell you that at all). The rooms are unbalanced and money comes easy if you know what to do. Building an Oroflex, for instance, will make most other forms of entertainment useless. The station is empty and featureless so there's nothing to work around. In Dungeon Keeper you have terrain features that make for different levels, but not in Startopia where everything is just bare floor.The presentation is cute and the aliens are funny at first, so you'll probably enjoy your first game but then it gets really old really fast. Combat with other station occupants is boring and gamey so you want to turn off AI opponents really. Disasters aren't interesting either, things just get destroyed and you have to rebuild. That's it. The only highlight is the biodeck which you can terraform for different aliens, so that hippie aliens can grow different plants which you can transplant to the lower decks, although why would you do that when there's no real challenge and the plants don't really change anything? You can sell them as produce I guess for money, which is easy to get anyway. Nothing interesting happens, your actions and planning barely matter and a lot of objects and rooms simply don't do anything.It's just not a good game."
76561198039400394,Not Recommended,243040,24056032,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RAWBhL,Game doesn't work on Win7 or Win10 - great shame for such a great old school game.
76561198131717885,Not Recommended,243040,22993273,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,chaosredshift,"Freezes on startup, black screen with mouse icon. Running win 10 with geforce 980m. Solutions or just refund?"
76561198132209346,Recommended,243040,29202760,Posted: 12 January,all,commander,"good game ,but has it own small problems. still 9/10"
,Recommended,243040,13180911,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Cheerilee,great game ive played this befor when i was kid and still love this game and very fun and easy game to play
76561197997861796,Recommended,243040,33229732,Posted: 4 July,all,Iceira,"this game, was so great in the the old days, and even to this day it seem to hold what it can.its a mini sims game with campaigns, and even then other look alike has been made, then this has just got alot thumbs up,alot other titels has not even half what this game did back then."
,Recommended,243040,33187994,Posted: 3 July,all,BuyingWhisper96 #CapotaKayaks,Realy fun game
,Recommended,243040,13064278,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Hiræther Harbinger de Behçet,"""Startopia"" > ""The Sims"" ...& it's in space.Aliens caught in suggestive acts!88/100"
76561198080833647,Recommended,243040,30088726,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,Classic game
76561197980896011,Recommended,243040,12808773,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Orcid,One of my favorite games of all time.
76561198007826191,Not Recommended,243040,15111644,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,psicosiss,bought this as i enjoyed the game first time round but due to flickering and jumping it is unplayable and a waste of my five pounds. shame as i used to enjoy playing it . tried the fixes but still no joy
76561197999423205,Recommended,243040,31990771,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,This game is dank as♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you read this review. Buy it
76561198043635939,Not Recommended,243040,14190833,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tragainus,"Game unable to work despite attempts to communicate with Square Enix, running patches, blah blah. No errors read just complete visual error shut down."
76561197999005227,Not Recommended,243040,32140250,Posted: 2 June,all,CaptainLogic,"After buying and (trying) to play this game, it appears it does not work on Windows 10."
,Not Recommended,243040,14452685,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,MarzenGold,Mouse pointer does not work. Can't find a solution.
,Not Recommended,243040,20667615,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ErikuKun,Poor visualsTiny text at higher resolutions (not too many want to play at 640x480 thats default)Poor tutorial (too easy to do things out of order and break the tutorial). Also why am i doing any of this? the tutorial gives you no context or story what so ever.
76561198002872401,Not Recommended,243040,16774621,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kunosachiaka,"A very confusing and overall lackluster RTS management game. You're given three floors of a space station to work with. The first floor holds your main focus, where you will be building docking ports, accomodations, labratories, and a bunch of other stuff. The second floor is for entertainment, where you build extravagant restaurants and hotels, discos, and yes, brothels. The third floor is the Biodeck, where you alter terrain and can create different habitats for a species of alien to grow different plants in, which provides you with resources. On each floor, you can purchase multiple adjascent sections as the space station forms a circle. To run many buildings, you will need workers from a good bit of different alien races of which you hire. There's lots of building, trading, and fighting to be done.Now for my complaints. The in-game tutorials do very little in the way of actually teaching you how to play the game. You'll be taught what buildings basically do, but not exactly. You'll learn that residents have different stats, but aren't told how they impact their work. They will briefly touch on fighting mechanics early on, but I didn't encounter serious fighting until 9 hours in and I wasn't close to being prepared. If you press F1 while hovering your cursor over an item, you'll get more information on it. This doesn't work for cargo crates, but only the item after you already own and build it, and most of the information is superficial and not actually helpful. There are also lots of items you can waste precious Energy (this game's currency) on, that ultimately do nothing, such as Benches or Chronometers, despite the game telling you to purchase them. The controls and camera are hard to use to at first and feel very unintuitive. Some things require too much precision and things can end up getting clunky, such as when trying to pick up one item but the it grabs another near it instead. Also a minor issue, is how the Cargo Hold will instantly take any items you purchase but take a long time putting them up, so you won't be able to get them until you end up forgetting you bought them. The list goes on.I got very lucky with most of the missions, completing them an inch away from Game Over, which can be very stressful as each mission tends to take a very long time to beat. You can spend hours on a single mission, and that's not fun when most of it is comprised of a lot of waiting around and wondering if you're playing the game the right way. It's especially not as fun because if you haven't been playing properly, all of that time is a gigantic waste. You can save as many times as you want, and the game cycles through three autosave files as the mission carries on, which is pretty advanced for its time, but if you've been falling behind for the majority of the mission, you'll have to do it all over again anyway. I made it to Mission 7 before I stopped playing. The game wanted me to take over a space station. I spent an hour and a half doing my best to earn as much money as I could, something that was so basic yet still very difficult despite playing this far, only to have my door breached and my base destroyed by an enemy. I forgot the whole two lessons it taught me in the first tutorial on how to fight. I had the right amount of residents the game recommended to me, even moreso, and senty turrets all around, and since the game basically runs on auto pilot I should've been safe enough to reseal my blast doors (something I only knew about because I read it online, as the game doesn't explain this feature). I sealed the doors, with all my battling residents on the other side as I forgot the one, pathetic way you have of controlling them, and for some reason all of my Energy was depleted. Every one of my buildings was shut down and out of power, including my Energy Collector which is what brings me power. I had 0 Energy, no way to get any more, and no idea what was going on. After over an hour and a half, my game was left in an unwinnable state.If you're a fan of RTS-like management games, you might want to get this game only when it's on sale. Otherwise, I can't recommend this game to anyone who doesn't already know how to play it. It does have some charming ideas, like its Sci-fi references and your ""helpful"" advisor, VAL, and a sandbox mode of which I will not be playing, but it isn't enough to save the game from its disastrous design. It's very difficult to get into, and I gave it an honest try and spent 10 hours with it, and I got to the point of where I'm just sick of it now."
76561198059716077,Not Recommended,243040,19969578,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ogre,Find Youtube videos before you buy
76561197972697503,Not Recommended,243040,14390934,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,gfoot,"Not recommended unless you have some nostalgia for the original.Coming to the game fresh in this day and age, it's a bit of a dinosaur.  First impressions are terrible.  It starts out telling you to close your email, web browser, and anti-virus to get the best performance, then boots up in 640x480.  I played through the first tutorial level before giving up - due to a mixture of poor quality visuals, a terrible control scheme, the confusing stream of tutorial instructions, and the apparent necessity of sitting through more tutorials before actually doing anything fun.It is at least a masterclass in how much UX design has impoved in the last decade and a half.  I don't know for sure whether this version has actually been modernised to any degree, but it doesn't feel like it.  I also don't remember seeing any clear indication on the Steam page that it was such an old game being re-released, which seems important information to me."
76561197971281069,Not Recommended,243040,9263552,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Malcolm Reynolds,Completely unplayable on modern systems.  Good luck trying to read this on 1440X900.  I would love a refund.
,Not Recommended,243040,17095558,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ODB-418 'Foehammer',My head still hurts from the camera and how this game even makes sense.
,Not Recommended,243040,20431713,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ballardi001,very unpolished
,Not Recommended,243040,13349161,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,TantrumTeddy,"Completely unplayable. Everything looks fine, but the second I try to place a building the game stutters and lags for near 5min"
,Not Recommended,243040,23733826,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,the Hun,"It's one of those old ""Good on paper"" game. Doesn't work smoothly and didn't captivate me. So yeah, I don't recommend it."
76561198020760454,Not Recommended,243040,14072360,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Scorpio,"The controls kill it..The gfx kill itThe way the base is set up...i would suggest watching a youtube vid before you buy.it ran great just looked worse then a youtube vid..waste of 6.99,should be  freeware..its complete utter garbage.i have no idea why i got this game.never listen to youtubers,..its way to old and clunky to be good imo. It made me vomit."
,Not Recommended,243040,10594721,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,I love the lag,"While novel (despite being incredibly old), Startopia is incredibly janky and has all the resolution and sound problems you'd expect from a CD dos gameI recommend it to the truly dedicated because it is a gem but for everyone else get something modern"
,Not Recommended,243040,9261638,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Alchemist,No windowed mode and flickers constantly. I loved this game way back but don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,243040,26266277,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,LatteMotte,"Got it for free, would not have bought it. It's ancient and even tries to install old obsolete windows drivers that the inexperienced player will ruin his computer with...."
,Not Recommended,243040,10948411,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kn0wn,steam recommended this.  waste of money.
76561198067650889,Not Recommended,243040,12769172,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Lad,"I bought it thinking it would be a bit like dungeon keeper but unlike the original classic there really isn't much you can do. I'm going to list everything you can doOpen crates provided for youBuild structures that the crates provide for youHire people to work at those structuresI really can't be bothered going in depth with this so to cut a long story short, skip this game and buy Dungeon Keeper 2."
76561198091474445,Not Recommended,243040,33251562,Posted: 4 July,all,galstore8642,b
76561198006915830,Not Recommended,243040,34238143,Posted: 14 August,all,Ary,"No, just no."
76561198030794386,Not Recommended,243040,25475501,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,stanmorris,"This game is horrible. I played it for minutes. Yes, minutes."
,Not Recommended,243040,29562036,Posted: 29 January,all,Crypta,"Thgis is a binary review. As technical incompatibilities prevent playing and testing the game. I have to say, that it doesn't work on 4k. Says no 3d Device. Where can I get my money back for a software not running on my main configuration?!Works on fullHD and somewhat more, but not within the qHD to 4k resolution range!"
,Recommended,243040,7854874,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,BinaryBetrayer,"Fun, Clever, Entertaining And Very Replayable, Startopia Is One Of A Kind, A Timeless Classic That You Will Play Over And Over If You Enjoy Simulation Games With A Touch Of Science Fiction And A Good Sense Of Humor."
,Recommended,243040,7857367,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,g2tegsown,THANK YOU STEAM PEOPLE FOR GETTING THIS GAME!!!I used to play this game like crazy back in the day...I love the gameplay style and the voice acting/dialog is humorous as well. The game also looks pretty good visually for such a dated game. This is a MUST PLAY for sim/tycoon/stradegy fans.PLEASE MAKE A SEQUEL!!! I WILL BUY IT!!!
76561198010113823,Recommended,243040,10266788,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Toast,"Great fun, anyone who used to play Theme Hospital will find a lot of similarities. Also very funny dialogue, sounds just like hitchhikers guide to the galaxy."
,Recommended,243040,10270395,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Bungle,"Truly fantastic. Old but great. One of the all time classics for me.It is a simple micromanagment game with a simple 3 tier system of construction, like running a buisness or hotel.Aside from the time tested gameplay (Which was quite new then), the sarcastic and urbane narrator truly sells this game time and again."
76561198030980208,Recommended,243040,7936075,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Snatch Blaster,"This is one of my favorite past time games. I have been waiting for steam to release this for many years now, and am glad to see it has come to fruition. If you enjoyed games like Dungeon Keeper, and Theme Hospital this is well worth the modicum of capital. Considering terrible games are being pushed down your throat for 10x the price."
76561197995628695,Recommended,243040,10464181,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Abacus,"Well worth it at the priceWhile the graphics aren't really up to modern standards (Not a shocker), they do the job pretty well- you can clearly see what is happening, and they don't detract from the game. The gameplay itself is pretty complex, with a lot of factors to balance and some fairly deep management decisions. Would prefer a slightly larger library of rooms and species, but there's still enough to make things interesting, and I'd say the same about a lot of modern games like this that have three times the price tag and a fraction of the effort put into them.The sense of humour has aged pretty well, and the game is pretty good fun. Well worth dropping a few credits on"
76561198027978845,Recommended,243040,10454405,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,kytranis,"Engaging and entertaining, Startopia is well worth your money. I only had one difficulty and that was due to a game glitch. It's easily solved. Never build a Brig with more than six cells. You can have multiple brigs but never more then six cells in them. And there, problem solved and thet game is good fun. Enjoy Dungeon Keeper IN SPAAAAACE!!"
76561198141698486,Recommended,243040,10882332,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LogicFalls,"This game is old, and you can tell, but there is a beauty in this game that really makes it stand out. It is a fantastic game for its time and deserves support. It is a strtategy micro-management game that you have to try different thing before getting the perfect result. five starts and i would recomend this to anyone who wants a good time waster."
,Recommended,243040,10639938,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zaragon,"Beautiful, amusing and absorbing. A space management game that does not let tedious micromanagement get in the way of fun.Most people missed this when the game was first released. Do not make the same mistake as them. Buy it."
76561198020852195,Recommended,243040,10778079,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kahri,"I first played this game a few years ago on a previous PC. It was one of the few games I've deeply regretted losing and have remembered fondly. Now here it is on Steam! And at a cost even penny pinchers won't believe!! Now, the next time my PC breaks down I won't have to worry about losing games since I can just download it again.It's every bit as good as I remembered it being, only this time around I've not had to fuss around like I did last time with patches and setting adjustments to get it working just right. All I changed this time was the resolution to 1920.You know those games that you complete the mission scenarios once and then that's it .... you just don't feel like you want or need to play it again? This is not one of those games. This is a game that you will feel like replaying every now and then, and as such it's a good game to have in your personal game library.Hell, I've been known to waste away some hours just tinkering around on the biodeck. (Damn those asteroids).A quality, fun game, with great replayability value, at a great price.Why aren't you putting it in your cart right now?"
,Recommended,243040,10782925,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,zombieganker,"Its nice to find a game with some sarcastic and dry comedy. I played this game when it first came out back in the day, and It's still one of my favorites after some 13 years. The graphics are Awesome 13 years ago, but on modern day machines they still render good.....never mind the random graphical error every now and then, but its 13 years old and works on windows 7 with almost NO modification!"
,Recommended,243040,11081515,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Trogdor,"In it's time and still to this day this is one of the best Space Station simulations, wish they would make a follow on."
,Recommended,243040,11240751,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,grigoriprime,"I initially thought this was a new indie game and it blew me away. When I read the review on the store page about how this old studio game still solidly competes with great new indie games I was nodding my head hard enough to get whiplash.The combat is pretty bad and the campeign missions mostly all feel like training, but the sandbox is one of the best ""space station/colony management"" games I've ever played. Plus, microtransactions hadn't been invented yet so you can actually just enjoy the sim rather than grinding to get ""coins"" or ""gems"" or whatever.You will find yourself struggling to keep up with the demands of a busy station and will feel like there's always something you're forgetting. You will pull your hair out waiting for someone to sell you the plans for defense columns. You will obsess over the exact right layout of modules to maximize space. You will laugh your head off when you zoom in and look at what your inhabitants are actually doing. In short, you'll love it!"
76561197966093580,Recommended,243040,16405770,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"So a quick caveat, i got this game for a buck fifty, and so my rec is based on that price, i would be indifferent to this game at $5 and would down vote @ $10.I loved old 90's games like theme hospital and dungeon keeper, and it's alot more like dungeon keeper then theme hospital, yet something about it brings back good memories of theme hospital.   The humor in this game is reminiscent of bull frog like game.  The game play is more macro then micro, ie you hire guys and they just work. And while this game is interior to both previously mentioned games it still has that good isometric glory of the golden old days vibe, it's decent fun if you have nothing else to play or are bored of the same old crap from AAA douches and indie sheep."
76561197976158520,Recommended,243040,13654117,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,El Cubanator,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. Solid gameplay, fantastic atmosphere and tons of humor. It's pretty much Dungeon Keeper meets Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy."
,Recommended,243040,13949085,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Falkkor,Classic!
76561198010381833,Recommended,243040,12450380,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Bustaboy,"This game reminds me of Dungeon Keeper. (also a REALLY good game in my opinion)The missions give a very nice introduction in how all the different aspects of the game work.Because of the way the missions are set up, the learning curve is excellent.There are many games that can learn from the setup in this one.So if you like a nice sort of city builder game, but than in a space station style i can absolutely recommend this one."
,Recommended,243040,7357394,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,H8DZs,best.....    game......  ever.BESTGAMEEVER!!!!!BEST GAME EVER!!!!!No - seriously.....  If I were on an island and could only take 1 game - this would be it.  I love this game.
,Recommended,243040,14372207,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,fredriksen,Just as good today as in 2001. One of the best games I've ever played. Get it today!
,Recommended,243040,14354791,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dragst,"It's a true diamond from 2001. Don't be fooled, it still looks and sounds pretty damn good for a game of it's age!"
,Recommended,243040,14457068,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,H0L0P0INT,What an awesome sim. Beautifully made it's still quite fun to play and doesnt date much at all. Very unique game play concept.
76561197998929010,Recommended,243040,14395962,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,angryoaf,I wish someone would make an update to this game. Still fun after so many years.
,Recommended,243040,16514054,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,morningjunky,I loved this game growing up and still love it today. I used to play it once every couple of years when I'd find it lying around. It's comical and clever. I wish I could find more games like this. I always reccommend it to friends whenever they ask for a good simulation game.
76561198006527747,Recommended,243040,8585103,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Nutrodamus,One of my favorite games of all time.  Anyone looking for a great builder game that is right up there with Dungeon Keeper and Evil Genius?  This should be the next game on your list.
,Recommended,243040,8968766,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,silvrsurfr7,"Note - Multiplayer doesn't work, never really did.Love the game despite a few minor bugs. There is even some old player created missions if you can find them!"
76561198135985059,Recommended,243040,10048273,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,putmetowork,"This is one of my all-time faves.If you enjoy games such as zoo tycoon, theme hospital, sim city, and so on, you will probably like this one.You get to run a large space station, expand it, generate profit, and discover new things to unlock.In my opinion, this little game deserves far more fame than it has.The down side is that it is really addictive, and quite short, so you will probably complete it after a couple of days. However, it does have a lot of replay value. I mean, here I am buying it again in 2014.Good enough to make me finally sign up to steam. A solid 9/10."
,Recommended,243040,10732041,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ThalesAbyss,"StarTopia really pushed the envelope when it came out years ago. It was a game that allowed so much creativity, and did it all with a smile and a wink. The voice acting is hilarious with its subtle innuendoes and healthy dose of British humor.You can spend a weekend on this game and enjoy every minute of it. Highly recommend it."
76561197970573547,Recommended,243040,10819158,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Bloodein,"I dont't know why I like this game so much, but I do."
,Recommended,243040,10809371,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Klosterliv,"There are some compatibility issues (I had flickering), but they can be mended with a couple of minutes googling, nothing complicated.An old gem comparable both in excellence and gameplay to Dungeon Keeper (I don't hold DK2 in as high regard though).It has aged very well, owing to it's style and shading, and oozes charm. The campaign is very limited and only really meant to introduce you to the game's concepts so be sure to download custom maps if the sandbox tires you. There are some high quality user-generated campaigns and missions out there.Highly recommended."
76561198028142501,Recommended,243040,7358865,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Childflayer,One of my all time favorites.
,Recommended,243040,7355838,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Grizzdrop,I haved loved this game for years :) addictive and one I didn't even know Steam was going to   have this :) it was time again that I wanted to play it and I was dreading looking for the disk. Way to go Steam!
,Recommended,243040,10557451,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Volcano Blood,"I loved Startopia then, and I love it now!"
76561198022018964,Recommended,243040,10662245,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Stylistic Sagittarius [NL],This is a game that is kinda like roller coaster tycoon.it has for an older game a very deep economy to keep your money flowing and your residents happy.All the alien species are unique and nicely done. The entertainment deck is a sight to see. The biodeck has something only few present day games achieve. Multiplayer is this game what less but can be fun for the die hard fans.This is a very good game that is even today very very good!
76561198064058189,Recommended,243040,10614006,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Scrimshaw,This game plays just like Rollercoaster Tycoon.
76561198014530041,Recommended,243040,10346714,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,wiarumas,"This game was a diamond in the rough.  One of the best and only starbase builder/sims.  What it lacks on polish it has in character.  Still have it on CD, bought it on GOG, and now on Steam."
76561198026606182,Recommended,243040,9691881,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,PollyGonal,Most fun i ever had managing a Space Station.  :DEXCELLENT music and voice acting. Perfectly done.At this price you owe it to yourself to play and enjoyone of the coolest strategy simulation games ever made.
,Recommended,243040,27207603,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Travis,"This and three other games were all bought from my local gameshop for the usual reasons: someone recommended it and it was dirt cheap. I must say I was inordinately happy to find not just something to amuse for a weekend, but a ""proper"" game. By ""proper"" I mean that despite the long tutorials and even longer playtime of the levels (which still feel a bit tutorial-esque), I was gripped for a good 2 weeks or so. Just a couple of hours every night before getting online and getting my daily MMO injection, but it kept me coming back for more.The slight predictability of the level structure after a while didn't deter me either, I wanted that next type of alien so I wanted to get to the next level just so I could get to play with them; see what they could do; work them into my now tried and tested Starbase designs.I must admit however, that at first I didn't have much patience with it. After lengthy tutorials I was getting peeved at the smarmy John Cleese-esque narrator. I wanted to weld his cybermouth shut.But, given time and a little bit of ingenuity with a Recycling Plant I was soon making efficient, profitable, teeming-with-life starbases that lit up the barren, war-torn cosmos ready for a new era of economic prosperity and peace.Sometimes the control can be a little clumsy, and the camera controls take a while to get used to (much smoother now higher res is support). But the semi-intuitive control system and the nice clean HUD/interface more than made up for it. The graphics were good for its time of release and the sound wasn't annoying, on the 2 lower decks it was a background rather than a stimulus or a feature, but my favourite place to take a break from the credit earning worlds of the industrial/pleasure decks was up on the biodeck, with its bizarre yet soothing cosmic harmonies and whale-song-like chirps and blips.As far as value goes you can't fault it; I first bought it in a Sold Out Software box and therefore paid very very little for it (especially as they were doing 3 for 2 and it was the cheapest of the three). This isn't a great game, but it is a good game - and that is a good thing. It couldn't have been much better and remain the same game, but it really only is a good game. But we all need a good game from time to time. Beautiful, epic masterpieces are all fine and dandy, but you'd be worn out if all graphics made your retinas melt and every story was an epic saga.If you see it on sale and have a spare tenner then hell, buy it. It'll be worth the 2 weeks you get out of it."
,Recommended,243040,27044753,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anna,One of my all time favorites. Worked on a modern system right off the bat!
,Recommended,243040,27361118,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[CoFR]Kendrick,This is a all time clasic and favorite of mine.  building stratigy with mild combat between station managers and hotell sym type fealing to it.  they did some updates to the graphics capibility so it can handle higher resolutions then it origianlly did .
,Recommended,243040,27348065,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,leXie,"What's that? You want a game where you run a colony of colourful and humourous characters? In SPACE?! Like Theme Hospital or others of that managerial sort, but 3D? And in SPACE?!Look no further, mate!"
,Recommended,243040,26974627,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seth NoWai,"An awesome space station building game. It is fun to play, gives you great amount of freedom, has interesting system of aliens and overall great game I love to play even today. Only downsides are still some bugs left, nothing too bad, but it happens. Also after playing it for long time you would wish for bit different space station. But anyway, it is still lot of fun."
,Recommended,243040,27031022,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mertvaya Ruka,"An amazing management game.  It's old, but awesome.  You run a space station catering to the whims of various alien species, trying to stay in business.  Even now, 16 years later, it still holds up.  It's a bit opaque, but you'll get the hang of things with the help of VAL.  It's full of life and humor, and it fills a niche that nothing else does.  If you like the sound of running your own space station, give it a try.  You'll be glad you did."
76561197970753292,Recommended,243040,26875209,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Talzor,"Startopia is a brillient old gem of a ""city-builder"" type gameplay, that even today manages to holdup technically and graphically and it still has a few novel concepts that have never been successfully stolen. If you like builders you owe it to yourself to play this."
,Recommended,243040,26819439,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"A chill manager game in the classic bullfrog vein, done by ex-bullfrog people with a very british sense of humour.Still looks great to this day."
76561197973167095,Recommended,243040,7388475,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Tythiss,"♥♥♥♥. Yes.Startopia is a fantastically simple and elegant strategy game that I remember playing far too long ago in my gaming youth with a very good friend of mine.You will not be disappointed. The humor is grand, and this game is actually my second favorite game in existance."
,Recommended,243040,21717406,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Trin,"A genuinely lovely game, with a lot of the charm of the old Bullfrog games."
,Recommended,243040,21789207,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,STV,"Bought Starbase DF9 and it showed promise before the Dev canned it.Bought this and was glad I did.   Good game play - not very taxing - but good spacebase building fun.""Welcome back Arona"""
,Recommended,243040,20388427,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,GoOtterGo,"Top-tier business-management/building game. Ages very well, too."
76561198124534463,Recommended,243040,20411520,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Epsilon,Sim ThemePark in space.
76561198031486819,Recommended,243040,20577501,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Explorer,"I was playing a little game named ""Rymdkapsel""; it's good but minimal...Then, as I had this game in my library, decided to play it...And I'm, glad I did, this is exactly what I was wanting to play:)Very good base management game from 2001A fun timeless, rather complicated, but enjoyable experience.Thumbs Up!"
76561198066735681,Recommended,243040,21810203,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Ded2rites85,"Old school, futuristic, space-aged theme park tycoon style game. Came out in the early 2000's."
76561198039023109,Recommended,243040,27445031,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zarlos,"I love this game, no matter what i always get back to playing it.It's the type o tycoon i really love and it has a nice theme to it."
,Recommended,243040,27633397,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CFWaffles,"Space Station Management game.It's a fun game, funny dialogue (Hitchhickers guide to the galaxy style humor), well put together core mechanic building, hiring staff, and resource management, Energy is the main focus while food, medical supplies, etc are more modifiers to buildings rather then a typical resource in resource management game. The learning curve isn't too hard to get used to, it controls a bit different then other games but it's easy to get past that learning curve.-ConsCombat is lacking, For spys and enemies in your territory of the space station setting priority to targets is effective and your forces can be rallied to a single point, but you can not rally your forces on enemy territory and taking over a section by force becomes a war of attrition and the side with the most security scuzzers wins.The Game's story feels short, the core game mechanic is well put together but the campaign is short, and like the combat mechanic feels it was an after thought.Even with the Cons, it's a fun game and I've enjoyed hours and hours of play (I owed a physical copy of Startopia before Steam existed) so if you like resource management games I'd reccomend getting it, on sale or not it's worth more then $6.99 (as of the time I posted this reveiw during the Autumn Sale it's 75% off at $1.74)"
76561197970538909,Recommended,243040,27368574,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Naymliis,Love this game.  Got it back in 2001 or so and played it almost once a year since then.   Sure wish they would make another one!
,Recommended,243040,27373032,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moleculor,"Quirky management-sim involving a unique three-layered landscape shaped like a donut. I keep coming back to play this game every few years, and it's still fun every time."
,Recommended,243040,27607129,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PavelGM,"I played this 24/7 back when I was 10 years old, I didn't even bought this: I borrowed this game from a friend in that time when PC games where delivered in a box and the CD branding was on point, I never returned the game actually.Still with the correct Settings this games is more than payable, just don't go over 800x600 or the UI is gonna be too small to play the game comfortably. Still a great game.BTW this was my entrance game with the RTS genre (even though this game isn't a RTS)."
76561198024764961,Recommended,243040,34108195,Posted: 8 August,all,Ajhamilton87,"This game came out in 2001 and I remember seeing one glowing 8/10 review in an old games magazine for this one and hunted out a copy back in the days of big box pc games. solid gold game, sadly got no real promotion. the studio that made it died after its release due to poor sales. real shame.The game is very easy but for its day and even now its concept of controlling a space station on three floors complete with  a biodeck with modifiable landscape to grow different plants was cool and executed so smoothly. theres some real pleasure to be had tweaking the biosphere and filling up your cargoholds with the right goods and sitting on them waiting to make a killing with the right trader.The game just oozes quality. from its graphics that havent aged that badly given the game is now 16 years old, to the solid voice work with a strong hitchikers of the galaxy sense of humour, to just the ease of navigating a doghnut shaped space station on 3 seperate levels.combat is not a strong point unfortunately and just basically boils down to amassing as many people as you can into the area of conflict. however, you periodically will get a bomb planted on your station by terrorists. and can beam it up and hold it and drop it on a bunch of enemies entering your territory for the lulz.saddest part of this game is finishing the very awesome single player campaign and being left with the message ""see you in startopia 2""....... sadly that will never be. buy the game, give it a go, its easy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and yet very enjoyable. great sense of humour, graphics that were stylised and have held up very well given there are kids out there driving cars younger than this game."
76561197965108089,Recommended,243040,34344399,Posted: 19 August,all,Hazzard,"Simple and oozes charm with a level of quality that still stands out to this day. The voice acting, writing and humour are fantastic and generally it's a pretty fun and relaxing experience.While it holds up today and is absolutely worth it's price tag, it's clearly a product of it's time and lacks content. You will find yourself running out of steam after a while and there is little in the end game to keep your attention, but over all it's an experience worth undertaking.It's a shame it never got more attention. It stands as anamoly and a clear labour of love that deserveres more than it got."
76561198404211032,Recommended,243040,34642737,Posted: 31 August,all,rts1883,Old-school strategy nostalgia.
