user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198121325933,Recommended,243120,12489852,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Gem,"Betrayer is pretty unique in terms of gaming experience. In fact, I'm not entirely sure it can even be categorised as a 'game' per se... I shall try to explain.You begin shipwrecked on a beach in 1604; all you know is that you sailed from England to join a colony in the Americas. You are met with an eerie, black-and-white landscape, devoid of colour and, apparently, life. You make your way up the beach, and from there you must begin to explore your environment in order to work out where you are, and what has happened here. Things are clearly wrong in this unsettling place. Your only ally is a mysterious woman in red who doesn't know her own name. Your enemies vary from Spanish Conquistadors with demonic red eyes to bow-wielding natives who utter unearthly howls as they stalk you through forests and grasslands; you barely see them coming before they are upon you, attacking and darting away before you can return fire. When you find and ring the fort's bell, the world around you shifts; just when you thought the daylight was scary enough, the night-world is ever more terrifying with skeletons and ghosts to be found all around you, shrieking in the darkness.So, scene set, let's start with the basics. The monochromatic graphics are brave and striking; the rendering is gorgeous and you soon get used to looking at this greyscale world, as items of interest are vividly marked in red. But don't be fooled, this doesn't make anything easy to see coming, as realistic wind effects keep the trees and grasses shifting, fooling the eye into seeing movement where there is none, or covering the stealthy approach of a foe. The wind is both your enemy and your ally; you freeze when it blows, for fear that you've seen or heard something moving, or you can dash through the gusts, knowing the sound and movement of the wind will disguise the noise of your approach.As if this didn't make things tense enough, sound is extremely important. There is no background music and no vocal acting; all you will hear is the wind, and the sounds around you - some enemies can be detected by the clanking of their armour, distincive howls, or gutteral roars. Early on you gain the ability to listen, using your HUD to follow sounds to be led to clues, locations and lost souls in need of rescue. Ring a bell to enter into the night-world and the sounds are amplified; the dull clanging of the bell, the screaming of wraiths, and having to use your listening ability to pinpoint the next clue... Seriously, play this game at night, alone, with the lights off and no other background noise, and you will discover a whole new level of immersion in this terrifying world. It will probably give you nightmares. And PTSD. Especially if there's a sudden noise in the house while you're immersed... honestly, last night, my cat sneezed while I was creeping up on a heavily-garrisoned fort area, and I had three kinds of heart attack all at once.One of the hardest concepts to grasp in this game is that for pretty much all of the time you will not have a single clue what you are supposed to be doing - or even if you are supposed to be doing anything. Think about it - most games you play will have clear cut objectives, quests and story lines to follow. Betrayer doesn't give you any of that, and to be honest, why should it? It's realism at its finest - in real life, a stranger doesn't approach you in the street and tell you that the answer to all you seek is in the next town, here's a map, speak to so-and-so and report back to me so I can tell you what to do next... Betrayer expects you to behave as you might if you really did wash up on a beach in 1604. Figure it out for yourself! Take a walk - look around - collect clues - piece it together - find scraps of paper - talk to the friendly folk - kill the ones that try to kill you - trial and error; you'll get there in the end. Hopefully......Which is why this game gets mixed reviews, it seems. Betrayer will frustrate you as often as it rewards you, because when you're missing a clue and you don't know where to look, then it's hours of map-trawling to try to work out what you've overlooked. There is no handholding here; once you get used to that and start to work things out for yourself you can really start to enjoy it, but this game probably loses a lot of players early on who don't like that style of play. However, the rewards for perseverance are exceptional; intense, involving play; clever use of stealth and strategy; incredible characters and a deeply shocking storyline that keeps you guessing until the end.So when I said at the beginning that it can't be characterised as a ""game"", it is because of the incredible amount of realism involved, despite the supernatural themes. It is a media form in its own right; a cross between a game, a movie and a real-life action adventure where you have to work everything out for yourself. Betrayer will not even ask you the questions, let alone tell you the answers - you will literally have to suss everything out for yourself. The beautiful thing is that you will be vey pleased with yourself when you do!One of my favourite elements of this game was in not knowing where the true evil was; in the deeds of the settlers you learn about, or in the shadowy realm of ghosts and monsters. The irredeemable acts that people do to each other in their own selfish interests and the ways in which those deeds come back to haunt them are intriguing, horrifying and tragic all in one go.Betrayer is, essentially, a simple game that can be incredibly difficult at the same time. For example, the combat is apparently straightforward in a point-and-shoot manner, but the nature of the weapons and the environment makes tactics important. Stealth is essential in many cases and reload times for muskets, pistols and crossbows have to be taken into account. You can only carry a realistic amount of ammunition so being able to recover spent arrows from fallen enemies is a nice touch and saves your precious resources. You quickly learn the best weapons to use against each enemy, and there is a grim satisfaction to be had in being able to ""stealth kill"" an enemy silently from a distance using your trusty longbow (my personal favourite weapon in the game) or by sneaking up and throwing a tomahawk at them.In fact, it is hard to pick fault with Betrayer. Any frustration at not knowing what to do is negated by the fact that it is simply part of the point of the game; you just have to keep searching until you find something that takes you forwards. If you don't like the greyscale graphics, you can adjust the settings of the game so that it is in full colour; personally, I enjoyed the atmospherics much more without any additional colours. If you don't like the eerie silence of the game, you can ruin it with your own background music or something.My only real nitpick is that it would have been nice to have some voice acting - if the Lady in Red and other ""characters"" could talk directly rather than using text boxes, then it would have made the game feel even more realistic. The text boxes were, for me, a jarring interruption to an otherwise flawless experience; even the HUD has been carefully considered to be as unobtrusive as possible, and can be turned off for ultra-realistic feel.Otherwise, I thoroughly recommend this game. This is definitely one for those with patience and tenancity who are looking for a real challenge. It is not something to be played through quickly or for light relief. If you invest some real time in working through Betrayer and give it - and yourself - a chance, then you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,243120,19542436,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,J o n e x,"I loved Betrayer from start to finish. It was a breath of fresh air from the usual mundane FPS games out there.The atmosphere, gameplay, and narrative, were all spot on. You can tell this was made by a passionate group of developers who wanted to make a game different from the rest.Mystery and suspense are the key areas of focus when it comes to the story. You're continuously driven to explore and uncover more about the events that unfolded in one of the first New World colonies. It's a very interesting time period/setting, and the feeling of isolation and terror are captured very well.Gameplay evolves as you progress through the game. Stealth takes a bit of practice to master and becomes more necessary as the enemies become more difficult to fight. Each area has ""crime scenes"" that let you piece together what happened to figure out what to do next. It's deeply satisfying to find all the clues and work out where to go next. The game doesn't try to do too much too quickly, but rather presents itself gradually and expects you to keep up. Very nice stuff.I couldn't recommend Betrayer more. It's everything I personally look for in a game, but still managed to surprise me. I can't wait for the next game from Blackpowder Games!"
,Recommended,243120,8463223,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FoXXySausage,A great first person/action/adventure/rpg/horror sort of thing. It's not neccesarily a jump scare type of horror game but an atmospheric sort of horror game. It's really fun for an early access game and I recmmend playing in black and white and with headphones/earbuds.
,Not Recommended,243120,32578964,Posted: 19 June,all,darklordtaco,"When I first saw this game I was intrigued by the concept. The concept was great, but the execution is poor. Essentially you enter an area, perform tasks, then you can go to another area, and repeat the same tasks again. The fights become dull, and quickly you will find youself picking off everyone with arrows. What keeps you playing is the desire to find out what happened to the colony and possibly ensure your own escape, what you encounter is a series of tragic events and a mysterious woman in red who at first is slightly intriguing but after time just becomes another useless fixture in the game. I really wanted to enjoy this game, the concept seemed great,a period horror/mystery, but the result just wasn't what it could have been.In summary:Repetitive playRepetitive enemiesNo real difficulty, enemies are easily defeated with a little kiting and strafingA story which at first drives you, but quickly wears out, mostly because there are no real clues or progress in the story.-Essentially there is a story, but all of the tasks in between only a few have to do with the main plot and you have no idea that they do.I hope these guys can make another game, I see a lot of great ideas, but maybe in their next go round they will tighten things up a bit"
,Not Recommended,243120,11838446,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Seraph,"I really wish I could recommend this because some aspects of this game are excellent, however there are also negative aspects which really drag down the experience as a whole and make it just mediocre.The atmosphere and setting are pretty interesting, this being a horror adventure game set in a 17th century colonized America. You will solve mysteries about murdered colonies by finding clues and talking to lost souls in some other dimension, while fighting conquistadors and otherworldly creatures with 17th century weaponry as you do so.Visually it's also a very pleasing game and it gives you the option to customize how bright and saturated the colours are. So you could play in a completely gray scale world, or make it overly saturated so it looks unrealistic but beautiful, or just go for something realistic in between those.But how beautiful the scenery in this world might be, its stunning aesthetics are literally all it has. There is only some minor exploration involved in this world, which makes the gameplay feel really bland. It felt like the world of Skyrim, but after having taken out all of the dungeons, sidequests and other interesting things and just replaced them with a few empty colony bases and some things for you to find, which you pretty much are obligated to do to progress in the game. You basically end up doing fetch quests and constantly running around to talk to this lost soul or go find this clue, which becomes a massive drag and will make most people lose interest in the game around halfway in.I understand the plot reasons for the bases to be empty, and you would imagine everyone being dead to make you feel lonely, but it didn't because there were still plenty of enemies to break that solitary feeling. And if you would actually do different things in all of these bases it would be a lot easier to tolerate, but unfortunately it's just doing the same thing time and time again.This is all such a shame because everything about it looked so unique and promising, but it really ended up lacking variety in the gameplay and quests to an extreme extent."
,Recommended,243120,9670288,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"Betrayer is quite extraordinary. Its atmosphere is amazing, with it's beautifully crafted black and white world. But it's an empty world, one that needed way, way more content than this, because the gameplay becomes quite repetitive after a few hours, even if the story is mysterious and intriguing.You end up washed ashore and you have no idea how you got there or where you even are. Moving forward will act as a small tutorial and once you enter the next area the real game begins. Soon you'll find a deserted village, a village where you find a Maiden In Red (which the story is all about) and a bell. A bell that belongs to the village. Restore the bell and you can ring it, and it will instantly transfer you to an even darker world (please note that that's not quite true; the area remains the same, but the enemies and NPCs become different) where ghosts can be found. These ghosts tell a story and it's up to you to find more clues and solve the many mysteries this world has. You can switch between the light and dark world on the fly with the ring of the village bell and both of these worlds contain clues, found as letters or other objects. With the press of a button you will hear voices and sounds that will guide you in the right direction. Follow the sounds to find your next clue(s). An original concept that works very well, especially because it's an open world. I really liked it.Of course, there are also enemies to be found and these are actually quite tough at times. But defeat them and they'll drop loot. Loot that you might desperately need later on, because the enemies become harder to defeat. Other ways to gather loot is by buying it from a digital salesman in the village or by find treasure chests scattered across the lands. However, if you get slain by an enemy you'll drop all of your loot and you have one try to get it all back. Die before getting it and you'll lose everything, with no chance of ever recovering it (Dark Souls anyone ?).Enemies can be killed with stealth. Just use your bow to silently take care of them. Or you can kill them with help of the wind. It will mask your sound. Another original concept that works very well. Unfortunately, the AI disappoints from time to time so it's not always the way to kill off enemies. Enemies might never hear you even if you're only a few metres away from them, and other times they come running to you from miles away. It's all over the place and I was disappointed to see a polished game like this have such crappy AI.There are several areas in the game and exploration is key for solving the stories. But like I said, it becomes repetitive after a few hours because all you do is look for clues, ghosts and treasure chests and kill enemies. There's not much else to do in this game. Now, I do have to say that it kept my interest all the way through (which lasts about 10 hours), mainly because there's no handholding. The lore and stories are yours to interpret. And this is exactly what also made Dark Souls so fun to play. You get small hints of what's happening or happened and it's up to you to think of what might have actually happened. Good stuff !Betrayer is an excellent game and I'd love to see a sequel. But please, fix the AI and make the world itself a bit more interesting to explore. Recommended ![Rating: 78/100]"
,Recommended,243120,10597020,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jank Hambrams,"From the moment I saw the beach you start on, I knew this game was going to be good.  Three hours in, I've been proven wrong--this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.  The desaturated environment is both gorgeous and eerie.  It feels alive, too.  Birds and insects chirp and buzz, vegetation waves in the breeze, and the unliving grumble, creak, and scream.This game is great for anyone that loves horror and exploring creepy environments.  The combat is pretty fun, nothing unique, but I enjoy getting to use muzzle-loader guns and bows.  The story is satisfyingly disturbing, as well.  Sometimes I'm not sure what is scarier:  imagined horrors such as ghosts, or how bestial humanity often is.I look forward to what the developers have in store for us next.  Betrayer is an instant favorite of mine."
,Recommended,243120,13187123,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Blackpowder GamesPublishers:Blackpowder GamesInitial release:March 2014Genre:FPS, Adventure, Action#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationThe short version – Paranormal investigator extraordinaire meets Far Cry.You appear on a shore, behind you a ship. Likely the vessel that brought you here. A land devoid of color stay for an unpretentious amount of red.This game is not just visually strking, its stunning. You are given the option to play in shades of grey or blast the color saturation up to see lush forests and gated strongholds.The actual gameplay mechanics more or less revolve around two things. Exploration and killing things. Through your exploration you are likely to discover chests with goodies, pages with exposition that give insight into the goings on, gravestones among other things. Bascially, it's a completionists absolute dream or worst nightmare. The main draw though is to gain insight into the investigations about the ghosts.. I didn't mention the ghosts?!There are two worlds/dimensions to explore, though the same clues and collectables can be found in either. The dark world, the world in perpetual night where hostile undead things will spring forth from underground to ward you off the investigation. Where items must be ""cleasned of corruption"" before preceeding. And the light or daytime world. Hostile baddies still are here but their purpose seems less warding and more left over neural pathways of repeated and ingrained behavior from their time in life. Very real since of LIMBO here.Character progression is not necessarily ""gated"" but there is a very real MetroidVania -esk feel to upgrading your characters weapons from damage, speed of reloading, noise levels, amount of ammo held, amount of water (health packs) and charms that aid in movement speed, reload speed, and enemy detection.The sound design is absolutely phenominal. Listening to the wind to find your direction. The wind insisting its innocent. Audio cues to detect the natives who are virtually undetectable otherwise. I should mention the wind I speak about is more a button to listen to the wind as the actual wind is used as a stealth mechanic to hinder your noise and detection level. The beasties make crazy scary noises, very distinct ones. To the point of knowing what enemy is behind the bush. The screams are unnerving, you don't really get used to to ambiance, comfortable perhaps, its always slightly disqueiting. Even at the end when I was fully confident in my ability to survive I was still nervous to face enemies to some degree. My only caveat remains that enemies don't react to your shots until their health is completely depleted and become victims to the physics. I just wish you could interupt their attack to some degree.Overall, one of the more memorable and unique games I've played in awhile.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,243120,20381642,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Viishnahn,"Betrayer–Atmosphere, Horror, Exploration, Stealth, Investigation, Open-World, Historical, FPSa spoiler-free reviewRating:Highly RecommendedI have never been so scared of loons in my entire life. Crouched down in the tall grass, I listened for the cry of the water bird to come again for what seemed like whole minutes. I heard it suddenly, only a few yards behind me. I turned around slowly, but couldn’t see it against the pitch black shadow of the trees above. Holding my breath, my heart slamming against my ribcage, I took a step forward. Too late I realized I should have waited for the cover of the wind to muffle my footsteps. Four angered loon calls startled me from all directions as arrows flew towards me…The above passage is an account of what could have happened inBetrayer. The initial starting scene of waking up on a beach next to a shipwreck seems a little bland at first, but the game soon after departs from stereotype.- Visuals -Betrayer starts in greyscale, making the woods and trees around you dark and mysterious. The color red is still visible, though. Enemies dressed in red are immediately visible even from a hundred yards away. Red markers over health, shops, and ammo drops help discern them from the grey background. Some enemies do not have red, making them near impossible to see against shadow and therefore much deadlier.- Sound -First and foremost this game forces you to listen. Some enemies cannot be seen easily and can only be detected through  their special call. The most unique feature of this game by far is the fact that the human enemies use animal calls: bears, loons, etc. This serves to makes the player feel isolated – the only sounds one ever hears are the noises of the wild. Audial clues to the next objective in each area force players to use their ears over their eyes. Headphones are a must.- Story -(no spoilers)The player wakes up on a beach in 1604, Colonial America. As you travel, you discover deserted settlements, find weapons, and defend yourself from hostiles. You meet one person from the abandoned colony, a mysterious maiden in red who cannot remember her name. As you set out to discover her identity, you notice a bell has been removed from its post. You replace it and ring it out of curiosity. Strangely, you are transported into a shadow world with its own set of enemies and the spirits of deceased colonists. By collecting clues from the area around you and interviewing the spirits, you are able to piece together what happened to the settlements and discover who the maiden really is.- My Thoughts -I was immediately hooked when I started this game. I love atmospheric games that throw you into the world with set objectives but no set order to complete them in.If you are an impatient sort, this might not be the best game for you. Especially at first when you have low quality weapons and low health, stealth and patience are essential to survival. There is nothing more satisfying, though, than stalking one enemy for ten minutes or so and successfully getting a stealth kill on them (not a typical case).There are a few difficulty settings that you can change. I personally enjoyed the easiest difficulty level, but if you like punishment go ahead and try hard. There’s also a map system that shows you where just about everything is. If you enjoy a challenge, try turning the map waypoints off and using the audial clues to find stuff.- Cons -- Enemies’ pathfinding led to some interesting fights with lots of sudden 90° turns- Some enemies are actually impossible to see against a shaded background. Try flanking them to get a better vantage point.- Very little explanation of bullet/arrow drop leads to a high learning curve for trying to snipe far-off enemies- UI graphics aren’t too impressive- Last area isloadedwith bugs – the devs really should release a patch or something- Each area feels quite repetitive in terms of tasks – devs should have provided a little more variety of quests- Wrap-up -For all you TL;DR readers out there, I think this game was probably one of my all-time indie favorites. There are a lot of genre tags for this game because it takes influences from all of them. Bugs and annoyances are there but don’t really impact game satisfaction. I’d highly recommend this game to anyone who can wait five minutes for anything; you’ll be glad you did!Not RecommendedRecommended With CautionRecommended- Highly RecommendedRecommended as Essential"
,Recommended,243120,17193283,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,OneHandedSquire,"Have you ever seen the Disney movie, Pocahontas?  Be prepared to be led on a magical journey through the wilderness surrounding early English settlement in Virginia.  You will learn to appreciate the things you take for granted and about the life altering passions of human nature.""Quit jerkin' me around, reviewer,"" I hear you saying.  ""This is a horror game about exploring a black and white world filled with scary monsters.  There is no way Betrayer is at all like Pocahontas!""Betrayerislike Pocahontas; not because they share a setting but because they are both stories of outsiders coming to understand and appreciate the world around them by introduction to a foreign culture.  You, the player, are the outsider.  You are learning to appreciate the world of sound design.  The culture that will teach it to you is the setting Betrayer presents.Okay, I'm jerkin' ya around a bit.  I'm sure as a clever reader who enjoys my long-form reviews, you already appreciate what good sound design can mean for horror and stealth games.  But Betrayer has built its sound design into its every aspect to create the perfect study.The stealth elements of Betrayer are entirely sound focused and are essential to your ability to remain hidden and to detect enemies.  Those enemies have a very small vision range.  However, if you run or use a firearm, they'll spot you in the dead of night, through a blizzard, in a concrete bunker, on another planet.  You'll need to move slowly or run in short bursts while gusts of wind cover the sound of your movement.You won't hear the wolf cry to the blue corn moon.  But you may learn which animal calls are made by an enemy that's just a silhouette hiding in pure, black shadow. Only by identifying the calls they make will you pinpoint their position and save yourself from a deadly ambush.It's like Marco Polo for keeps.Likewise, sound contributes more to the game's tension and atmosphere than the visuals ever could.  Oh yes, the conquistador enemies you encounter early are unsettling for their hunched posture and the segmented movements of their armor.  But it's the bear roaring that makes them frightening.  The use of animal sounds for humanoid enemies lends them that elusive otherness that makes them horrifying.  It also characterizes the savagery of their nature brought to life by the cursed land.While stealth and combat are important parts of Betrayer, I would say the core gameplay is about exploration and investigation.  And like the others, sound is key.  Objects of interest give off directional sounds to help you locate them and you can press a button to hear a directional sound leading you to your next main objective.Your goal is to find physical evidence of the events that transpired and a bell to ring to visit a dark world haunted by ghosts.  You'll need to use your evidence and their testimonies to put together the story of the colony.  You won't paint with all the colors of the wind, no.  You will paint yourself a picture of racism, murder,♥♥♥♥♥♥ betrayal, and all the other destructive passions of a people unleashed by a wild land they weren't prepared for.There is a map and visual cues so that the hearing impaired might enjoy the game.  However, Betrayer has all kinds of new and exciting ways to diddle your ear-hole, so you should lean back, put on headphones, and enjoy the ride.Combat is fitting for the game's time period and tone.  You'll have access to a variety of bows, pistols, and muskets.  The latter hit - you and your enemies - for deadly amounts of damage, but make noise sure to give you away.  And you might as well go for a coffee while they reload.Bows are silent, but the early bows you find only do deadly damage if you can fire them with precision while hidden.  And as everyone knows, an arrow bouncing harmlessly off your armor is the universal greeting for people who would like to be unceremoniously shot.The game flow is similar to Bioshock:  you start poorly equipped and combat is hazardous and resource depleting.  By the end of the game, though, you'll have found powerful weapons that reload stupidly fast and have tons of health restoring items and ammo.  Fortunately, combat never stops being deadly where groups of enemies are concerned and the last segments of the game put your resources to use in large, difficult fights.Like that adventure under the sea, Betrayer's narrative is similar.  Take it from me.   (What is it with me and Disney films today?)You play as an outsider washed ashore and left to discover the fate of a fallen society after the fact.  Unlike Bioshock (you didn't think I was talking about The Little Mermaid?), Betrayer takes place in the very real setting of Virginia in the early seventeenth century.Can you imagine being dropped into a proper wilderness with nothing to help you survive? Try to imagine it without all the cabin building karate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of recent survival games.  What I'm getting at here is that Blackpowder Games chose a naturally scary setting.  Life as an early American colonist couldn't have been anything other than♥♥♥♥♥♥terrifying.They nailed that fear of being isolated in a very alive land you don't know anything about and threw in some monsters for good measure.  You'll find this Virginia's abandoned forts swarming with wraiths, Indians made of ash, and growly shambling conquistadors.The only living thing not trying to kill you seems to be a lady with a pragmatic attitude who nevertheless wears her best sexy Little Red Riding Hood Halloween costume.  Like the ghosts, her past is a mystery to be solved and tied into the omnipresent curse.Wait, what?  I haven't talked visuals, yet?  Sing with all the voices of the mountain, indeed.  The sound design here is that good.  But Betrayer also looks good.  Everything is in a stylish black and white with touches of bright red that direct your focus.  The wind effects through the dense foliage of your surroundings look great and the enemy animations strike a nice balance between natural and surreal.The game also gives you the option to play the game in full color in the light world.  And the game looks just as good that way.  The only notable weakness is that the contrast is turned up to eye-gouging degrees.  I think the purpose was to try and give the light world a sense of hyper-real vibrancy, which it kind of does. But its biggest success was giving me a headache and making some things really hard to see.  That might be by design, but it's too much in my opinion.  I turned the contrast down halfway through and felt no shame whatsoever.  Fortunately, the option is there.There are some other minor criticisms to be made.The in game map is at-odds with using sound to navigate.  If you only use the map, you'll get confused about  events that only trigger in a sequence that the sound navigation would unveil.  The sound navigation will disappoint your Nazi robot-like need to follow the most efficient course through all the treasures and objects of interest.  And you will have that need because the pattern for each area - explore light world, ring bell, find ghosts - becomes routine.  So neither method is ideal.And if you want a pure stealth game, this isn't it.  Stealth is a tool that you can and should use, but even early enemies are designed so that theywillambush you.  There are several big fights that are unavoidable.  In the dark world enemies pop out of the ground right in front of you.  And, worst of all for stealth-lovers, there's no way to run away and hide.  Once enemies have found you, they will follow you to the ends of the map (barring the perfect storm of big cover objects, wind gusts, and timing).  It's not terrible that Betrayer isn't a stealth game, but I'd sure love to see a proper stealth game use some of the ideas here.Worth ten bucks?  Well, I know good sound design and horror has a life, has a spirit, has a name.  It's Betrayer."
76561198009316076,Recommended,243120,28460198,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,The Matlock,"When I purchased Betrayer, I got it on sale and only paid a little over $2.00 for it. I honestly wish I could go back and pay full price for it, as the creators of this game gave me over 20 hours of gameplay. But what is Betrayer exactly?It's a first person shooter/exploration/horror game, set in the 1600s. The premise is simple, in that you end up as a nameless pilgrim who washes up on shore after a shipwreck. Disregarding an ominous message, you end up battling the undead with bows, crossbows, pistols, muskets, tomahawks and small explosives. Your only other human contact is a mysterious woman dressed in red, so you need to find out what is going on and hopefully escape with your life.The gameplay is very solid and plays better with a Steam controller, although the keyboard and mouse setup works fine as well. No problems here. Graphically the game is great looking, whether you keep the default black and white noir setup or saturate it with color. One thing to note is that there is no music outside of the title screen, as the rest of the game relies heavily on sound, whether it is the wind blowing to help you with stealth kills or the moans and groans of the undead as they charge at you.One thing that can be a little frustrating is that the game, while open ended in each of its seven main areas, doesn't provide a direct linear explanation of the story or your overall objective. The story must be pieced together from clues and notes that you find along your journey, along with conversations you have with undead spirits, that you can somehow speak with despite no explanation as to why. So you know, the main objective of the game is to remove the corruption from the areas that have it so you can move onto the next map, although not every map has corruption within it.Currently there are map markers which point to the clues, notes, corrupted totems, and treasure, but these can be disabled if you wish. However leaving them on does not detract from the gameplay. These items should definately be sought out as not only will it improve your understanding of the story, but through the treasures you find (along with loot from defeated enemies) you can upgrade your arsenal of weapons along with ammo upgrades. Some people say this turns the game into basically a 'walking simulator' but it's no different then any other sandbox styled title where you need to travel to your objective.There is a lot to be had here and for the price it's an absolute steal. I give this game a musket blasting, crossbow shooting, undead killing recommendation."
,Recommended,243120,15873631,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Bandoid,"I'm very pleased with this game.  I bought it on sale for $4 and was a little skeptical about it specifically because it looked like the kind of game I would probably enjoy a lot (I was afraid I would be pumping it up just to be let down).  I'm very glad I was wrong and I can easily say that this game is worth full price.A few bits of personal preference to start off with; I personally prefer to have the color saturation turned up in the game.  There's two modes that you play in, one is in the light and the other is in the dark.  The dark provides plenty of the gray color palette to satisfy any inclination for having it feel gloomy.  The game itself does a good job of setting that mood even without having the colors being washed out.  I also made the darks less dark and the lights less light, just so I could feel comfortable being able to see everything there was to see.  The second personal preference is to NOT turn up the difficulty in the game.  The default difficulty is satisfying enough for me.  For players who might get frustrated enough to put the game down, I would suggest setting the difficulty to 'less deadly' right from the start.  The weapons are 17th century weapons and as such are slow and feel a bit cumbersome (although not at all as inaccurate as I was expecting).  You're going up against supernatural beings who are every bit as deadly as you are and if you die, they all respawn (in new spots -except inside strongholds) and you'll just have to find them and kill them again.  Avoiding them is very difficult and once they spot you, they'll chase you all the way back to camp if you're not able to take them down.The visual style of the game is excellent.  The sense of walking around in the woods is truly convincing and immersive. When the wind picks up to make all the vegetation move, it's nothing less than breathtaking.  I go hiking on a regular basis and this game comes as close as any game has ever come to replicating that experience.Navigating through the game and the story can seem a little confusing at first but it's actually very simple.  You basically use two things to tell you what to do.  Early in the game, you'll get a map and you'll get special senses.  Basically, all you have to do is turn on all of your map markers and go to the site of each one.  In addition to that, just keep using your special hearing skill (x-key by default) and follow the sounds to lead you where to go.  That's it.The game is pretty scary to me in a fun ghost story kind of way and it would make a great game to buy and play around Halloween, although there's certainly no need to wait for the next Halloween to come around.  If you have a system that lets you set all the eye candy to maximum, it's worthwhile to do so but the game is well designed, with a sense of peril and accomplishment that really satisfies.  I haven't finished the story yet so I'll update the review once I make my way through the whole game.Edit:Ok [I think] I've finished the game although it seems a little strange that it doesn't have any credits available, but I guess that's because it was a small team.  Anyway, here are some pros and cons.Pros:-Great overall story which is worth sticking around to see where it leads.-Great presentation.  Sort a combination of light versions of Skyrim, Far Cry 3, and Blair Witch Project.-Just about the right length considering how repetitive it starts to feel at the end.Cons:-Lots of structures but not a single one is open to you to take a look inside.  It's all bunch of external shells and doors that won't open -basically just scenery.  Considering it's a period piece, it would have been nice to get a closer glimpse into what the daily lives of these people might have been like.  Maybe the sequel (?) will include this.-No voice acting.  I know this is unfair considering that it's an independent game with a low budget and also that it's available in multiple languages.  Nevertheless, maybe this game will be so successful that they'll be able to have a few more bells and whistles next time around.  Having said that, I'd very much prefer to have it be all text than to have any bad acting so there's that.-Repetitive quests.  Why is it that on every map I have to find someone's head, tell ghosts to find their way by listening to the bell, and find apparently meaningless gifts for the chick in red?  These things feel like and basically are meaningless distractions from the story that don't take up much time but nevertheless do so unnecessarily.Overall, I'd say it gets an 8/10 score.  The game was a lot of fun and very artfully presented.  A well thought out sequel could really shine and I'd really like to see this title thrive as a new property."
,Not Recommended,243120,14529658,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Tundra Scorpion,"*WARNING* Possible gameplay spoilers, read ahead at own risk.Betrayer is not a bad game, but not as good as it could have been.A visible effort into making a stand-out first person shooter-stealth horror game. Personally, I liked this game quite a bit. I'm fond of the design and setting and the gameplay wasn't bad, but there is plenty of room for improvement.The first thing a player will notice is the color scheme, black and white with red filters to create a unique visual setting which perfectly complements the lonely and abandoned theme of the game. It creates an unsettling environment and is capable of leaving a memorable impact on a player. But I found that while it does look neat, the style lacks substance and eventually becomes a chore to look at for prolonged periods. Thankfully you have the option to adjust color and saturation on the main menu, so therefore only half of the game gets tiresome to look at.Betrayer's gameplay can be considered as a FPS with stealth and horror implements. The player has an open world dotted with enemies to be looking out for, and three weapon slots to fill with your choice of weapons. While the gameplay wasn't atrociously bad, there are some loose screws that break a chunk of the experience off. The game takes place in the 1700's in the new world (AKA modern day America if you don't know history) and takes advantage of the technology of the time period: Bows and powder loaded single shot firearms comprise your selectable armory. One of the problems I have with Betrayer is the weapons itself, being a first person shooter weapons are a very important part of the gameplay, and the weapons available are of short variety and are slow and meticulous to use. To fill your three weapon slots is a selection of 5 weapons, 3 kinds of bows and 2 firearms. The bows are unreliable in combat because a heavy chunk of enemy distribution are covered in a kind of armor that has a chance to harmlessly deflect your arrows, and the guns, realistically but kind of frustratingly, take a long time to reload. This makes the combat either frustrating or uninteresting depending on the player's approach.Stealth mechanics are also implemented, enemies start off unaware of you but can detect you if they see or hear you coming. To counteract this, you can stay crouched and in shaded, obsure areas and move when the wind blows to block out the sounds of your footsteps. Stealth is even encouraged in the prologue level as it explains that enemies become enraged when in combat making them stronger, and that attacks while undetected deal more damage. A problem with this is that the stealth mechanics aren't as polished as they should be in order to suggest such an approach for the whole game. Enemies will always know exactly where you are if you mess up, and you cannot escape and try again, making a stealthy capture of a fort or outpost a ""do it right the first time or not at all"" deal. Also, I find that using arrows is more difficult with the black and white color scheme since its harder to determine where your arrows are flying, so it takes longer to determine the arc and most often giving yourself away.For the horror aspect of Betrayer's design: I think it's subjective. I didn't find anything scary but that doesn't mean others will too. I liked some of the enemy designs, the maddened beasts wearing spanish inquisitor armor and the burned men (who are IMPOSSIBLE to see with black and white settings) are some of the most unique and creative designs I've ever seen. But at the same time the enemies are also so uncreative and boring. Other types of enemies include giant spiders and skeletons, might as well go all the way and throw in Frankenstein's monster and dracula to get the real Disney's Haunted Mansion effect. I was really disappointed at this turn, since the other types of enemies are creative and fit perfectly with the game's setting only to erase them out entirely halfway through the game and rely on cliche monsters you'd find in a kids halloween drawing. On a side note here, one of the most memorable and fun parts of the game is where you come across a large fort that you'd expect to be infested with enemies, only to find it empty. You feel slight relief at the unexpected respite when you hear battle horns in the distance and then find yourself under seige from the spanish inquisitors. This part was so unexpected and fun, I really wished that more of Betrayer had moments like this. Nobody suspects the Spanish Inquisition!Now to the final point: Betrayer is a semi-open world game with a sort of mystery setting for the story, setting out a bunch of clues in the map and letting the player explore to find them, no handholding. This leaves the entire experience of Betrayer to the player's whim, do you scour the map finding each and every bit or do you rush through to the end? While this is a good idea, the game's design is flawed and incapable of supporting it. Resulting in a lot of backtracking, boredom and searching. Being ""alone and abandoned with no handholding"" requires that the game fully captivates its player, getting them excited and invested in the experience making them want to discover everything and providing positive reinforcement with a sense of accomplishment. Betrayer has none of these, you find a clue, make a note of it and maybe a ghost will say something about it.  This results in the exploration of Betrayer being uneventful and disappointing. Not to mention that in order to uncover a large majority of items hidden you need a shovel, which can be found roughly half way through the game, resulting in a LOT of backtracking.While Betrayer missed the mark, the ideas are there. It could have been so much better, creating a unique open world mystery game in the 1700's with supernatural twists and heart pounding stealth combat. Instead Betrayer is flat, repetitive and lacking in a lot of substance. Despite my enjoyment with the basic idea of the game and all of it's potential, I can't help but feel disappointed with the direction the game took instead. The appeal is there but doesn't build up to anything worthwhile."
76561198024821508,Not Recommended,243120,22533602,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,streaks_art,"ATTENTION: AMD USERSDO NOT BUY!!!!Read the steam forum thread:https://steamcommunity.com/app/243120/discussions/1/558752451333082368/It has been 2 years, and this has never been resolved. Both the devs and AMD have abandoned all efforts to solve this bug.I believe the solution lies more with AMD, since this issue is very specific to their GPUs and their GPUs ONLY.This game is all about atmosphere. Before I got my AMD R7 360, this game was immersive, despite being black and white (with some red, sometimes) only. I played it with a pair of 7.1 surround gaming headset and the audio was fantastic. But these two bugs (and there are more), really ruins it.So, if you want to play this game and you happen to be an AMD user, don't. I for one will switch to Nvidia first before I play this again.."
,Recommended,243120,7447100,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Isakane,"Alright. Yes this game is in Alpha and it is not yet finished but it is indeed awesome. The screenshots do not do it enough justice, the high contrast black and white look gives this game a wonderful ""feel"" and since it is more first person adventure than run and gun shooter this creepy vibe only helps. Good atmosphere and good mix of exploration and enviromental storytelling let you proceed at your own pace. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a different FPS game that isn't just shoot, shoot, shoot with no real story of time to think. Play it. You will not regret this at all, plus its in alpha so you actually can give the devs some feedback and help them shape this wonderful game."
76561198055469309,Recommended,243120,31054524,Posted: 9 April,all,Caspy403,"Fun, creepy, cheap, decently challenging, and unique. Interesting concept and setting. Not too scary if that's not your thing."
76561198003476696,Recommended,243120,14380263,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,DrFluffy,"You're shipwrecked by the Spaniards in colonial times. You have no one and nothing but what you're wearing.  You venture into the wild defenseless and wary.  The sounds of the wind follow you as you make your way along a trail.  You hear crows and other critters, but see no one and hear no one until you stumble upon a Spaniard wearing full armor. You try to reason with him but then you hear a horrible unearthly sound and the Spaniard rushes you.  It is no longer human...This game is fps mixed with horror.  You find clues along the way in the form of letters, items, and tombs that tell you about the world and what has happened.  There is the day time cycle which is filled with undead Spaniards and a dark cycle whereupon all the undead come to light. I enjoyed this game quite a bit.  It was fun figuring out the various mysterious and stories.  Also there are plenty of jump scares and I found myself doing quite a bit of stealth.You get to use bow and arrow, crossbows, pistols, muskets, even grenades.  The game was made to be played in black and white but I used the following color settings to make it easier on my eyes.  2.2, 1.3, and 1.0.I give this game a 7/10. Check it out!"
,Recommended,243120,30495599,Posted: 13 March,all,AntediluvianArk,"One of the most affecting games I have played in recent memory and one that often lingers and haunts me after a play session. There are slight echoes of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. (mood and pacing) alongside a subject matter that was reminiscent of the film The VVitch (yes, I know the game predated that film's release) with combat inspired by Skyrim and Far Cry.I started the game about 8 months ago and then was pulled away from it after only playing the first few hours due to a busy life schedule. Since then I have started and played other games but Betrayer stood out in my mind and left a lasting mark. I kept thinking about my brief initial experience and finally decided to revisit the game in recent weeks. I am glad I did and played it through to the end.Despite some moderate repetition and a playtime that lasted a little longer than the core concept could sustain comfortably I had a very positive experience with the title. I loved the colonial setting which is noticeably underexplored in gaming and the flintlock firearms and bows made for very tense and deliberate combat--just like in Far Cry 2 the experience is best when you crank the enemy difficulty up!Overall the strongest element is the unsettling and foreboding mood laced with just enough unexpected disruptions and peripeteia to keep the tension high and the player questioning. This game is worth playing for the setting and the mood and will leave a lasting impression in an age of well-crafted but forgettable alternatives."
,Recommended,243120,10726839,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"(Final Update)Alright, I finished the game the other day, and my overall impression just kept getting better as the game progressed. I think it was of the more interesting and fun games I've played in a while. It's also one of the few early access titles I've bought where you can see a clear line of game improvement progression as far as the development goes. From the early alpha to now, the improvements were consistent and did take into consideration the playing experiences of the early adopters..The ending had a definite WTF moment, and somebody else I was reading said they nearly crapped their pants, lol. That moment was abrupt and shocking enough for that to be apt, lol.Anyway, I thought it was a stellar game well worthy of anybody's attention.(Previous Updates with some SPOILERS)Been playing more of the Betrayer today. I finally got the hang of combat enough to be able to make some real progress. I also noted that the developers listened to the complaints about the enemies unceasing search for you (and by search, I mean making a beeline for you no matter how well hidden you are or how far you have run) once they aggro. Now, if you can get out of their line of sight and stay far enough away, the enemies will start heading back to wherever they were patrolling the first time. That makes the pistols and muskets viable choices, since before, given the amount of noise they make, enemies from anywhere within earshot would head right to you no matter how far away you had moved once firing. Now, they don't, which is awesome.Anyway, now I'm at a very challenging (for me anyway) point where I've found and unlocked everything in the normal world on the first map, but have to cleanse some totems in the spirit world in order to move on to the next map, and the spirits guarding them are super tough, fire energy balls at you, and generally are as fast as you are.(next)Alright, progress update:Definitely moving at a faster pace now. I'm on the Fort Hope map andSPOILERSfinally found the shovel. Turns out those rock piles hold some of the best equipment, which is unsurprising considering how long it takes to get the shovel.Running away is also a viable tactic, especially once you figure out the maps a bit. There is almost always a spot where you will have the advantage over multiple enemies. Leading them there is key to taking a lot of the defended areas like forts and such....at least from my own play experience.SPOILER END(next)I use a gamepad, which I like, but the game clearly is made for k/m, and I think your odds of success increase if you play k/m. Definitely your weapon accuracy increases.I also re-keyed the gamepad, which helped my experience a lot. Setting up heal, jump, and such to keys that made more sense for me elevated my experience.Anyway, I may actually finish this game over the next couple days. I really don't see how people are getting through their first playthrough in 8-10 hours. I'm legitimately approaching 16 hours of post full release gameplay, and I can see putting another 8-10 in, and that's without trying to find every chest, note, etc..(Original Review)I purchased Early Access to this game via Steam. It has since seen its full release (a lot of you bought this while it was on sale yesterday, so I guess you all are aware of its full release, lol).Anyway, I have put about 4 hours (maybe a bit less) into the game so far and my impressions are as follow:It is a disturbingly beautiful game. The sharp contrast between the black and whites in the black and white world are compelling. The way they did this was pretty amazing IMO. The world truly looks living and breathing, and yet at the same time, there is a forlorn sense of desolation that comes with it. Really an amazing setting. The use of red to highlight things of importance such as items, enemies, and even allies just adds to the stark contrast between beauty and horror. You can also enter a spirit world version of the same world (basically, your perception of the world around you is changed) wherein enemies are highlighted in blue instead, and everything seems quite surreal. The developers use of sound really brings all this to the forefront. Every sound and sight has a reason and noting seems out of place.The interface has notably improved from the early versions of the game. The item/quest menu is pretty simplistic and easy to navigate. The map has also improved from its early state. Key areas show on the map as you find them and become fast travel spots. You can also see pretty much exactly where you are on the map. Other than that though, you really have to rely on the in game compass to navigate. In fact, this game doesn't really hold your hand at all. I think in many ways, they got their inspiration from Morrowind, especially in the way quests are presented. For example, you may meet the a guy who is looking for signs of his wife. Last he remembers, they would sit together on a hill overlooking the fort. That is all the info you are going to get. Now, it's on you to try and figure out where that location is. However, there aren't a lot of hills overlooking the fort, so it isn't a needle in the haystack type scenario, and when you get closer to the spot, it is highlighted in that eerie red and certain sound become more evident in the surrounding area.The use of stealth is very important in this game. In fact, I knock a little off my overall view of this game due to an issue tied with this, because....once you attack something, it aggros and knows exactly where you are regardless of how fast you run, how long you run, or how well you hide. In addition, if it (or you) use a weapon that makes a lot of noise, and other creatures within earshot also aggro. That is a real flaw in the game in my estimation. So, stealth becomes ever more important to try and either get the best position to take down an enemy quickly, or to just completely bypass them altogether, undetected. The use of movement during wind gusts to mask your sound is particularly brilliant in its application and wind gusts happen often, so being stealthy is completely do-able.The combat itself is fairly forthright. You have missile and melee options. Your missile options include one launched/fired weapon (bow and arrow, musket, so on) and a thrown weapon as well. Your bows/guns can be scrolled through on the gamepad and you can have up to three assigned to slots for this. The enemies can take some punishment,so again, the element of surprise is crucial as is upgrading to better weapons whenever you have the option. Healing is accomplished by drinking water and you carry a waterskin with you.The story itself is pretty intriguing so far, and is both surreal and haunting. It and the environment suit each other quite well.The gamepad interface, which was a complete wreck in early stages has also become a pleasant alternative to k/m. Some real thought went into how to key the various actions to a gamepad, and I personally prefer it to k/m for this game at this point.So....those are my impressions so far. I think it is easily worth people trying out due to its unique qualities and amazing backdrop. Just know that the combat can be quite unforgiving for the reasons I outlined above. Hopefully (at least in my opinion), the developers nerf the enemies aggro a bit so you can at least flee a battle if need be without the certainty of being hunted to the ends of the earth unerringly.I will update this later after I have either finished the game and/or found things worth mentioning here."
76561198141376588,Recommended,243120,15798939,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mephiston,"to be honest, i bought this game on sale and saw it as nothing more than a time waster. after only two hours of playing i am hooked, and it has become much more than that. both the light and dark worlds are tense and oppressive, the weapons and how they handle is probably my favorite thing, it really makes you think about how to handle yourself when in combat. pistols and muskets are slow to reload, slow enough that it becomes a hinderance when faced with more than two opponents. this is where the beauty lies with this game, you cant just run around and expect to survive, there is a thought process required. while im nowhere near finished with this game i can still give it a solid thumbs up, and i urge anyone who is debating the purchase to just go for it, whether on sale or full price, its worth it"
,Recommended,243120,31426392,Posted: 28 April,all,Lintire,"""Turn back, lest you become as trapped as I.""- The Maiden in Red, on the addictive nature of collectathons.Betrayer is a bad, slow, awful game.Until you get to grips with it. In the time it takes for this game to get up and running, you have a quite some time to think about the other, better paced games you could be playing instead.But then it gets up and running, and becomes a good game.Out of all the ways to summarise this game, you'll probably settle on ""stealth-focused collectathon"". Time is spent running or waddling across the map from icon to icon, picking up collectables and occasionally fighting off a wave of hideous skeletons or mad dog Spaniards.One you've got decent weapons and such, it ends up as a decent bite-sized collectathon, one that wants to share its world in a digestible chunk and then be finished compared to something meant to be played forever.Crouch-waddling your way through 7 or levels is slow and awful until you figure out the playstyle, maybe acquire a charm or two, and then suddenly it becomes a well-paced affair of quickly waddling and picking off targets.When you get discovered - and you will, because until you get a crossbow you cannot pick off targets at a distance - you get to enjoy some slow, awful combat. Until you figure out the playstyle, maybe acquire a charm or two, and suddenly it become a well paced affair of running and jumping spamming short/longbow arrows to take out a legion of undead.This is a running theme. Let's assume you got it and move on.""Why are you giving me this?""- The Maiden in Red, questioning your taste in gifts.The game's selling point are those aesthetics, and they don't work. They do, at first, and they're great to look at, but there's mid-lategame enemies that blend right into the default pitch black shadows, and at that point you may as well nix the contrast and throw in colour so you can actually see them.Good news is that the art style looks nearly as good and pointed with colour as without, but still it's a bit of a letdown after those first few hours of novelty.Novelty also defining the game's world and story, and as far as banking on novelty goes it wins a fair few points for it. You, a nameless shipwrecked survivor, travel from 1700's outpost to outpost, fighting insane Spanish Conquistadors, cursed natives and spooky skeletons while solving mystery after mystery.It takes itself 100% seriously, and its that confidence in that vision that makes it work. That and the godly ambience.Your individual, somewhat disconnected investigations form the bulk of the story - which is good, because the story itself is underwhelming. Go here, then here, then here, then end. There's not even a reason for progressing other than that's where the door is.The individual investigations, though, the game shines in them. The father dissolved in grief after losing his wife and child. The two soldiers lost in self-loathing after performing horrific deeds. The final boss not even sure what's going on and blaming herself for it.""Ah, I had thought it might be so...""- Every wraith, with basically how every investigation ends.Course it's all delivered through fairly matter-of-fact text prompts, a limiting aspect of the game combined with subdued writing that fails to capitalize on the emotional impact of the subject matter. No accompanying animation, sounds, or the like. It undermines the investigations, which isn't helped by the mechanical simplicity.There's not much else about the game you could have changed without losing some vital part of the character progression or pacing that forms the bulk of the game, but I'm sure they could have implemented a better investigation system than ""pick up thing to access dialogue option."" It's threadbare.The whole game is a bit threadbare, but that tends to work in the game's favour. It's not remotely cluttered, or remotely there to waste your time. Apart from that slow start, at least, but that works for character progression's sake.That's respectable, and despite the slow start I absolutely recommend Betrayer to anyone interested in the pint sized experience of an AAA collectathon with none of the bloat and double the novelty.It's worth your time."
76561198038447847,Recommended,243120,34300561,Posted: 16 August,all,Deathlock47,"It's 5 bucks. Subway doesn't do 5 dollar footlongs anymore because it was too cheep. This gave me 18 hours of fun gameplay. You can pay 20 dollars for a 2-hour movie.The stealth mechanics are actually pretty good. it kind of reminds me of the old-school thief games. The weapons are diverse and combat is actually fun. The enemies are alway challenging and I never take them lightly but I still feel player progression. I had to notch up the color at least .1 to play through it though. I beat the game and still don't know why they went with black and white settings.Yes, there is a lot of running around but there is fast travel to. The story is hit or miss depending on your view. At least it was interesting. I would have loved to see some of the scenarios actually played out in front of me but whatever.What i would have loved is a higher production value to really flesh out this game. I think this good game could have been a great game. There is a lot in here that they did really well; combat, stealth, *player sound interaction*, fear of the unknown, using old fashioned weapons correctly, progression, loot scavanging, feeling alone but not too alone, and general atmosphere.but I wish they could have done more with; over arching story, npc animation, npc interactions, different ways of story progresion in later maps instead of the exact same formula, enemy AI, more reason to stay in the ""normal"" world, and of course better graphics.The devs did a lot for a 5 dollar game and I would have had no problem paying double for it. however, i only got it because it was 5 bucks so I basically told myself ""why not""? and was pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,243120,23857612,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Joe Mama,"A really unique game; I've never played any game like it.Pros:The enviornment is BEAUTIFUL. Seriously, I love the wind effects.Weapons feel really satisfying.Story is interesting only if you pay attention to it.Good fast travel system.The darkworld is really neat.Great value (Full price is $5 now, and it's $2.49 on sale).The whole map in unlocked from the start (except for the very last area).Neutral:Not voiced.It's hard to follow the story later in the game. The journal helps you organize what's going on, but I stopped caring towards the 3 hour mark.Short. About 6 hours to do every side objective, loot every chest, and explore every corner of the map. I think this is a good thing though. If it were any longer, it would get boring and repetitive.Cons:While the wind effects are nice, the map lacks a lot of things you'd see in the woods. I do a lot of hiking, so it bothered me that there were no little streams, animals (besides crows), and density of flora/trees. I've actually gone hiking in Virginia (where the game takes place) and it looks much different. A lot of the map feels copy/pasted and is a little sparse.Some of the enemies are just plain annoying.Overall:I'd say this is a solid indie game; you can tell the devs put their heart and soul into it. The value is good and there's enough to do to keep you entertained for 5+ hours, although, honestly, I probably won't replay it for a few years. I'm feeling a 7/10 for this game. Just be sure to buy it on sale (buy ALL your games on sale)."
,Recommended,243120,31068114,Posted: 10 April,all,BigMommaWolf,"There are already some great reviews here, so I'll keep mine brief and attempt to not repeat what has already been said.I've only played about an hour and a half of this game and I'm already overwhelmingly impressed. I had this game on my wishlist for some time because I was unsure of how it would play. I managed to snag it on an 80% off sale, and I must say, had I known this game was so nice, I would have gladly paid full price for it.So far, the only drawback of this game seems to be the lack of voice acting, but that's honestly nothing I've ever been upset about. I've even played my fair share of text based rpgs. I'm also not a graphics junkie so the assets don't bother me at all. Additionally, this game doesn't lead you by the hand, which really isn't a drawback in my opinion. If you read and observe your surroundings, you'll slowly peice together what it is you're meant to do... or at least, build a perception of what you believe you are supposed to do... who knows why you're truely here? I sure don't yet (and I'm excited to find out).My review of this game?The enemies are noticibly clever, and that always makes me happy. They pause to attack when you're reloading, aim where you will be as you straife instead of where you were, and search for you where they last saw you if they lose sight of you.I enjoy piecing together plot through dialogue, and this game has that, by allowing you to find and converse with wraiths and shadows that either barely or don't at all remember who they once were. Being able to travel back and forth between the 'night' and the 'day' adds an extra dimension to the semi-open world.I've always enjoyed horror, adventure, puzzle, games, much like Silent Hill, but I've never played one in a more wilderness style setting. It's quite refreshing to experience.If these traits sound like something that will entertain you, and you don't mind the lack of spoken dialogue, prefab assets, and lots of reading and retracing your steps, this game is well worth $5, in my humble opinion. These are the sorts of games that should definitely be supported."
,Recommended,243120,12737386,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Big Red,"It's fairly easy to knock about Betrayer if you approach the game like F.E.A.R or another 'ctrl+C, ctrl+V' shooter, but that is totally on you - not the developers. Rather, this should be played like a point and click game in many respects, with an appreciation for the art style Blackpowder has adopted.Let's start with that. The aesthetic of the game is obviously fairly distinct and this can be a great detractor for some people. Though there is a colour saturation option (that's right, you can play in colour), it is really not recommended as you lose a great deal of the art style that ultimately shapes the atmosphere of the game. However, I found that bumping up colour to 0.1 was beneficial in many cases as it allows for small amounts of extra detail to be resolved, adding a bit more depth otherwise lacking from homogenous blacks that at times were hard to wrap your head around. Overall it's quite gorgeous, and Blackpowder have clearly optimised the look to suit black and white with a little wiggle room for very minimal colouring.Weapons are by in large period faithful. Crossbows, short bows, long bows, muskets, tomahawks (no, not the exploding kind), flintlocks and rudimentry grenades make up your arsenal. I read elsewhere someone complaining about a lack of automatic weapons - which reflects more upon their own retardation than a fault of the devs. Each weapon feels distinct, and you'll be conciously cycling between certain ones based on the context of the battle at hand, with things like muskets woeful for close combat with multiple enemies but an absolute cannon for longer ranges. Though the mechanics are overall quite simplistic, the hierachy of weapons and their upgrades mean that you'll rarely be dependent on just a single one until quite late in the game.Other things to note are the actual quests and storyline. All follow a theme (if you can't guess it, log off and finish off your homework of reciting the alphabet) that can at times be a bit ""geee I really didn't see that coming,"" but remain distinct enough so that if you're genuinely interested in playing the game, you'll recall who-is-who and what-is-what. It may not be the strongest storyline, but it is entertaining enough to see the game through to completion with a twist or two.Finally, the game follows an open world structure most similar to that seen in S.T.A.L.K.E.R games - with open regions to explore that may be left by only a single route in either direction. Though you can teleport anywhere on the discovered map, I find that it actually is inhibitory to your progress as you miss things like chests, buried charms, quest items and unique weapons that you probably overlooked in the early games. These can actually play a pretty big part in how you finish the game, so keep that in mind.There are plenty of other things I could mention - like the charms, enemies, stealth mechanics, great soundwork or the otherwordly realm; but those are probably best left a bit hush-hush so you can enjoy them yourself. This is a great game that has been well produced but may at times suffer from acute cases of cliche or confusion. If you approach it not like a shooter, but like a point-and-click adventure, you'll enjoy yourself."
76561198071591920,Not Recommended,243120,26060625,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,bucketman,"A desperately artsy survival horror that ends up being neither survival nor horror, but rather a depressing graveyard of unrefined ideas.Around 90% of the time you'll spend slogging through the forest from one map marker to another fetching assorted junk to read some bland 17th century felony reports as a reward and then backtracking for more markers until the plot decides to just drop it at some point and roll out the credits.The other 10% is dedicated to awkwardly paced abrupt combat encounters, most of which are all about slowly kiting around in the open or side-stepping behind a tree and hoping for the best, while trying to use a severely limited assortment of unwieldy “realistic” killing tools against small groups and waves of repetitive enemies with Diabloesque AI, dodgy unpredictable hitboxes and rng-based deflections.There is a rather rudimentary stealth system to serve as an alternative, but in practice it is only applicable to make your gameplay time 3-4 times longer than it has to be, while in most really challenging encounters where a stealthy approach would be desirable the combat is script-forced on you anyway.Overall while being an obviously budget-crippled and mechanistic but passable and at some points rather enjoyable and suspenseful experience Betrayer is very hard to recommend gameplay-wise. Especially so since its plot is pretty hard to get invested in while both the protagonist and the Maiden in Red have all the personality of a windows system cursor and a 90’s chat bot."
,Recommended,243120,9641749,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"This is a game that doesn't do much hand holding, often giving you little to no direction at all and just letting you loose in large open environments. But that's kind of what makes it so enjoyable. Shooting ghosts and zombie Spaniards with a musket and longbow is awesome fun. It seems to be very well optimized too.Full video review:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQCswE7hw_4"
76561198078498143,Recommended,243120,20814800,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Wyvern-of-the-Rising-Sun,"Slowly you`re sneaking through grass. You´re enemy is near and shows you his back. You can see the conquistador armour gleaming in the sun and covered by the wind you`re only 2 steps away, but then you hear a loud grunt and fastly you recognize you miss another conquistador. Using your crossbow you hope you will get the one in front before they attack as two. You get the one, but it takes time to reload the crossbow. Too much time, the other conquistador reach you, after getting hit, the crossbow is ready again, you fire, you hit, he goes down.  Eased you look up, while the wind surrounds you.The Year is 1604 .Welcome to Betrayer.You were send to the new world to found out what happened to a british Colony. Early you  will be attacked.  Attacked by Conquistadors, who seem to be obsessed. Soon you recognize thatthe Spanish were not the only Danger in this Region. Finding the Fort of the Colony empty without any soul, except 2 Ash Corpses you have to ask yourself one Question: What happened to the Colonists?Betrayer is a very interesting First Person Shooter Game. Your Weapons are Bows, Pistols, musketry and knives. No Rocket Launcher, no BFG, no Lasersword and no Kitty Bombs. This game got a special Graphicstyle that creats a unique atmosphere. And i mean in a haunting way. Do you remember a walk in a forrest? Remember the the Birds Singing, the Sun between the trees, the wind playing with leafs. How they rustle? Yes? Congratulations, now you are in BETRAYER. I think my Forrest Walks will never be the same. *sigh*Also you are able to play this game in Black/White Style, which is special, or in colours.Anyway, on your search for the Colonists you have to fight. You can do it the direct way ""HEY GUYS I`M HEEEEEERE!"" or the Snake way. Sneaking. So if you`re sneaking you can do it with the help of the wind. No joke! This is a special point of this game. The wind covers your steps and the enemy can`t hear you coming, if you come from behind, hey who would sneak in front, eh? No, you don`t have Jedi Power forget it. This is 1604, not ""far far away in a distant galaxy"". Well you can decide on your own, how you survive and believe me ... the Conquistadors are not the badest Guys in this game.Sure, there is very much to read, the Story of the colonists are written words, not moviepictures, but if you ever read an exciting book, you will know what i mean.So, follow the hints on a map, solve the mysterys and stay alive in a unique looking game. Always have your weapons loaded. It can take too much time to load if you are attacked. And don`t forget your real life. Take a walk in the forrest. Listen to the Birds and the rustling leafs in the sunlight. Enjoy."
76561198112937591,Recommended,243120,28316915,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,micho_z,"Before the infestation of Steam with ""indie games"" and ""walking simulators"" since the last two years. There were a really good real indie games. Like this one.It's a first-person exploration survival horror game.Maybe the new Resident Evil VII will be like this game.Edit:No, this game is way better than Resident Evil VII.The tag ""Atmospheric"" means something when it comes to this game. It has very nice visual style. The game by default is in ""noir"" visual style: black and white with red for the enemies. But you can change the color settings, as you want it. Perfect combination between ""art game"" and  real ""survival horror game"".The story is surprisingly good and very original. It's scary but not gory like in the Resident Evil. More mystical ghost type of horror story. You, the main character, are a shipwreck survival, who wakes up on the coast of colonial Virginia. What happen, where are all of the colonists and who is the cute girl in the red dress? There are several huge areas to explore and solve this mystery.Some may say that the game suffers because there aren't voice acting. When it comes to talk with the NPCs there are only text menus. It's indie game after all. But for me, this perfectly fits with all the spooky ghosts which populates the game. A ghost don't speak with a voice, it talks directly into your head. Only a text can bring that feeling.The gameplay is solid. I don't know how other to say it. It reminds me about the first survival horror games like ""Alone in the dark"" and ""Resident Evil"". The game don't ""lead you"" or ""hold your hand"" and show you what to do. You are doing all the exploration as you like and by yourself. The fights are heavy and difficult even against one enemy. There is a stealth mechanic for silent kills and avoiding multiple enemies. The stealth mechanic includes a gameplay mechanic option to mask of your steps with the sound of the wind. To fight properly you must to use all of the items and weapons you can find. You can't really ""die"" in this game. If your Hp hit 0% you are ""kissing"" the ground, pass out and the lovely girl in red dress, drags you back to the nearest settlement. But you are losing all of the items and weapons. To get them back you must go back on your ""dying place"" and if you die again before getting them you will lose them like in the hardcore RPG ""Dark Souls"". Also, there is very nice ""sound"" gameplay mechanic. You are using your hearing to navigate- finding points of interest or hidden objects. There are very nice and helpful option settings to make the game more ""friendly""(easy) for certain players. Like removing the Dark Souls ""items backpack drop"" when you die. Or putting a visual ""sound"" indicator on your compas for people with hearing disabilities.For this money is a steal. I mean, there are so many ""triple A""  $60 games with less content.Edit:On several times in this review I compare this game with the classical exploration  survival horror games mostly the Resident Evil and its ""VII"" first-person part. Honestly to say, Betrayer is several times way better than REVII. It perfectly nails all the ""parts"" inside the game. The fights and the stealth, all optional. It's your decision, how to engage the enemies. The exploration part ""is/was""(read about this below) perfect. The map size, they are not too huge to lost in them. Or too small to make the game feel linear, like in the REVII. The perfect size for exploring. Again, it's your decision to engage the heavily infested with enemies settlers post with the current weapons or to search for better weapons and money.  Perfect combination of art-game, survival horror classics and hardcore elements.BUT.... But there is one tiny unpleasant going to awful... problem. The last update: [1.9]. This update adds all of the objects and points of interest (a.k.a the quest places) on your game map. And I mean directly on your map... by default.... There are not hidden. There is no setting option to disable them. The only way to hide them, temporary, is from the game map itself. But they will be still there to tempt you and spoil your play. By this, the entire exploration part of this game goes to hell. Everything is based on exploration. And the non linear narrative of this game became broken. I don't know why the developers did this. Maybe they received too many complaints from ""gamers"" about ""difficulty exploration"". The game is now, just a stupid generic walking simulator for hypsters and other casuals with no knowledge about video games. No challenge at all.(Oh...Boy! The infestation of pseudo-gamers, who thinks that games are so fashionable these days and to be modern you must to play them. Will destroy this industry. Or at least its indie part.)I highly recommend this game. It was extremely good on the previous updates. But until the developers fix this ""map problem"", I recommend to not start playing it. This is a really awful game spoiler."
76561198006660080,Recommended,243120,10476555,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Ayar,"Great twist on a FPS. Unlike most derivative FPSs, the setting is not burst-fire-full-metal-jacket but rather a period where you'll be armed with bows, crossbows, powder pistols, and powder muskets. And they will take time to load, including pouring powder and ramrodding. Again unlike most FPSs, there's a story you engaged in; not just riding along a cut-scene-driven story, but one where you need to collect clues and things and fill in your knowledge of what's been going on in the various areas.The use of sound to help you locate PoI in the game is highly novel and clever, and the sounds are eerie & suitable for the setting. Pays to be listening carefully as you explore. Surround sound headphones were highly valuable. There are visual indicators to augment the sound if you need a little assist. The gameplay & environmental sounds are excellent as well.For collectors, there lots of stuff to find--much of it quite helpful, especially if you're not the greatest twitch player--and it will pay to revisit old areas of the map.The length is appropriate, but do note that you're looking at perhaps 12-18 hours; I'm not OCD on the achievements, but I sneak around somewhat (not to assassinate, just not to get injured in battles) so I took 17 hours. This length is very suitable for the investigations and degree of variety in the game.There is just one save, which you can trigger yourself or let the game auto-save at key times and on a schedule. Normally I hate the single-save option, especially in games with ~RPG/story choices; I feel I get less value with no insta-replayability (no, I never want to slog through a game in order to make a different choice 11 hours in). However, in Betrayer it works out just fine and I didn't get that annoyed great-this-checkpoint-again feeling at any time.All-in-all a quality game that was quite a bit of fun, had a unique settings, had novel use of sound elements, was interesting to complete, was suitably challenging, was engaging, and which didn't overstay its welcome. Refreshing change from the big console-catering publishers!"
76561198064555184,Recommended,243120,30320389,Posted: 4 March,all,henry.v,"9/10.Great Indie game.I started by playing in black and white, but after the second fort opted for colour, which was a good decision as the visuals in this game are stunning. Brilliant textures and lighting make this game very atmospheric.The lack of much sound in the game, means that what you do hear is important, and adds an original theme to the game.You can make this game as easy or as hard as you like, given the options to hide placements on the map, or add the ""death drop loot"" option.Some bits in the middle of the game are boring, but overall it is an interesting story, and the game as a whole is quite unlike most other games.The ending is strange and leaves you asking questions afterward.Possibly the best indie game I have played, big thumbs up, even if there are noticeablly boring bits."
76561198032498463,Recommended,243120,33750287,Posted: 23 July,all,Verdant_green,"This game isn't long, but it has a tight, concise, story that is compelling and beautifully told. This is a game for a person who likes precise, punchy novels.The visuals in this game are simply amazing. The graphics are not cutting-edge or anything, but the developers did something incredible with what they had. I don't want to spoil anything, but my advice to you would be to play the game for a few hours before messing with...""that"" option in the graphics. Trust me, play the game at its default setting for a bit first. Also, the sound design is simply incredible. I don't think I've ever been so impressed with a game's audio work. The ever-present noise of wind in the trees always reminds you just how alone you are while the distinctive noises of the enemies scare the hell out of you when you suddenly hear them out of nowhere. There is also a bell that is important to the story and the designers didn't slack off with making the bell sound great.The combat is not going to win any awards, but it is sufficient to tell the story and enjoyable. The weapons are fun to use and period-appropriate. Each one has a definite niche and requires a slightly different skill set. The weapons line up well with the enemy types, but not in a paper-rock-scissors sort of arrangement, more like each enemy can be killed with whatever, but it is easier with a certain weapon. Also, I had a blast throwing the tomahawks. If you enjoyed the wing sticks from Rage, the idea is similar: a backup thrown weapon to finish off an enemy you just winged if you don't have time to reload.Beating this game with all achievements will be less than 15 hours for most people, but it is an enjoyable 15 hours that you won't regret. My only complaint is that there isn't a Betrayer 2, or Betrayer 3, or 4, or 5."
,Recommended,243120,12250436,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,nixonree,Spooky Scary Skeletons The Game
,Recommended,243120,32751344,Posted: 24 June,all,Mystik_Muzik,"This was quite a refreshing game, I would definitely follow whatever the developers focus on next. It features a rather unique atmosphere and fluid combat system. It is relatively challenging, although I did not find it particularly frightening. My only complaint was that I was dissapointed in how the ending was handled, and how many unanswered questions there were. Dissapointments aside however, I think this game is a fun experience that people should give a try."
76561198024911274,Recommended,243120,12692802,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Synthwave,"With a visually striking art style, a genuinely unnerving atmosphere and satisfying combat; I highly recommend this very enjoyable, if slightly repetitive title!"
,Not Recommended,243120,16902680,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Vinifera7,"Betrayer starts off as an atmospheric, pseudo-horror game where you're navigating through colonial America fighting ghosts and collecting clues. Sounds great, right? Well it isn't because it grows boring very quickly.You fight the same enemies over and over. Your arsenal is limited to a bow, a crossbow, a pistol, a musket, a throwing hatchet, some bombs, and your melee knife. They are period-appropriate weapons, true, but there's just not a lot of variety and the hatchet and bombs are hard to use properly. I played using the bow almost exclusively, because it felt like the other weapons were just slight variations on range, fire rate, and reload speed. You can apparently try to sneak up on enemies from behind, but let me tell you: This is NOT a stealth game. It's all outdoors. You're out in the open. The only reason to bother with stealth here is if you want the game to last four times as long (aka, 300% more time spent doing nothing).You encounter a woman in red, who has forgotten her name. For some reason, you can give the woman trinkets that you find. She immediately questions your motives for giving her a gift. She will then either begrudgingly accept the gift or refuse it and send a passive-aggressive insult at you. Look, I don't know why I'm giving you anything! It was a dialogue option that the game presented! Maybe if you had a personality, I would know what you like!You're supposed to be collecting clues in order to learn the identity of lost spirits or something. Seems like everyone here has amnesia. This game has a light world / dark world thing going (Hey that's never been done before!) except in this game the only difference between them is that in the light world you fight the revenants of dead soldiers and in the dark world you fight spooky, scary skeletons. So you collect these clues by looking at your map and going to each of the pointers. You then talk to the lost spirits and select each of the dialogue options that is presented to you. Mystery solved! I'm Sherlock-effing-Holmes!I did not actually finish Betrayer as of writing this review. I did the same boring stuff through four or five areas and decided that even if it did a complete 180 and turned into a competent game at the end, it was too little too late. Don't buy this game."
,Recommended,243120,24941821,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,nightsmoke,Pros+setting+visuals+sound effects / hearing+atmosphere+storyCons-AI-UI-a little bit repetitive
76561198037732114,Recommended,243120,29288417,Posted: 15 January,all,filthy,"I enjoyed this game more than I expected I would.Story is decent. I liked the different kind of art style and color scheme. Ultimately this game is a survival fps, with some stealth if wanted. I enjoyed the combat, and the types of weapons; and the gameplay having to manage ammo, sometimes having to swap weapons mid combat due to reload times.At first it might be a bit slow paced, even frustrating since you can die easily, but once you progress just a bit past the beginning it gets more manageable. (You can still die easily.) I liked the constant tension.Sometimes I would find myself playing very stealthily, and/or attacking from far range, sometimes even kiting. Any of that may not have been necessary, but was fun to me. I don't know though, a couple times at enemy camps or strongholds it may have been necessary.It's worth the $5 price tag, even more on sale."
76561198026181605,Recommended,243120,26197695,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,LuckyDog,"Definitely a Thumbs Up for Betrayer!  I've played through it twice - once when it was released & again 2016 for the 100% Achievements, and both times I thoroughly enjoyed it.I don't say this lightly - THIS GAME IS UNIQUE. I don't think I've played anything that I can compare it to, and that is a GREAT thing. It's fresh.  The story is interesting & sooo twisted - (spoiler - it seems the natives were the only 'good guys') LOL. ALSO, the game was creepy as H3LL when going over a map after ringing the bell. I'm not a run 'n gun player, so I just eased around slowly & stealth killed most of the bad stuff.  Fav moment was coming across a hunting party of 10 natives in the woods & dropping them 1 by 1 without the others ever getting a clue - Nice!  (Also, to take out all the Thieves, I'd  recommend stealthing it up - they're too quick otherwise).  You'll have an interesting assortment of primitive weapons to choose from and different ability combos with the charms you find, too.  I went for Health, Stealth, & Speed, and felt bullet-proof <grin>.So, Betrayer is a memorable game and time well spent. It was absolutely worth the originall selling price, and now it's a steal at $5 or lower sales.  Try it - I think you'll like it.  Cheers"
76561198073797666,Recommended,243120,22544579,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Excalibur,"Am I the only one who gets chills or goosebumps with the sound effects in this game?To anyone wondering if you can change the contrast of color in the game to make it colorful : YES : you can change it in the settings you don't have to play it in black and white.Betrayer is a very unique indie game.It's fps in a sense where you have a  variety of weapons in your arsenal including bows, short bows, muskets, pistols, grenades, and even a tomahawk slashy thing.It has several large maps filled with clues, secrets, enemies, and weapons. My favorite weapon in this game are definitely the bows because it's so fun to use.It's not really a scary game I think it's just the sound effects that give me goosebumps when wearing headphones.Overall it's a great indie game."
76561198127370663,Recommended,243120,30857408,Posted: 31 March,all,HoboCrackerbags,"Purchased on a whim during a sale and this was a pleasant surprise. Fun game with unique elements and achievements that don't require hours of grinding to get. Interesting story line which I hope they continue in a sequel.Not a ton of replay value once you have completed the story, but the first play through is worthwhile."
76561197991622333,Recommended,243120,24653288,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Peter Frantic,"Mediocre FPS, bad easily fooled AI, slooow moving arrows.Setting is great, would have been nice with voiced narration and NPC but this works well enough. “Detective” part of the game is…….run from one place to another. But the stories out there is as dark as promised. Have not finished the game when I am writing this but the main storyline have so far eluded me as I enter the third area. Would be nice with a skill tree as you solve mysteries everything for character progression is linked through gear.As long as you are NOT searching for a BOOM headshot game but for something different out there i would recommend this."
76561197989428942,Recommended,243120,32900338,Posted: 27 June,all,Kaimi_LOA,"You♥♥♥♥♥♥away more money every day than the cost of this game. You'll get much more enjoyment out of this, I promise.Fantastic atmosphere, interesting storyline, plenty of hidden stuff to keep it interesting."
76561198002994478,Recommended,243120,16002473,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Styx,"Not bad.Artistic, atmospheric and well storied.On the other hand, it's a little slow, a little easy and if you're not careful then the story doesn't really flow well.If you play it, it's important to use the listen function to guide you around not the marks on the map. The map marks disappear after your first visit and it's easy to lose track of places you need to come back to."
,Recommended,243120,22613840,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ksywlaug,Stop buying skins for CS:GO for once and buy this game. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,243120,11680363,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Pip Boy Roy,The blood was good.
,Recommended,243120,9676985,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Robert J. Sullivan,WHERE'S THE SHOVEL
76561198045224987,Recommended,243120,28801109,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,mrwinn,"kind of foreboarding and scary, with a lot of hidden treasures to discover coupled with hard battles with the unknown, I recommend this game"
,Recommended,243120,31452277,Posted: 29 April,all,ShonaNingyo,"Betrayeris an interesting indie game that I have enjoyed playing and well enough recommend you give a try if any of the pros and features seem up your alley:Your character, a blank slate that admittedly only serves as the vehicle for the game, has sailed from England to the New World at the turn of the 17th century. It is hoped that you will be able to join the fledgling colony in Virginia and start a new life there. When you come ashore you find the settlements and surrounding area eerily deserted save for handfuls of Spanish conquistadors who've been trying to carve out their own empire in the Americas for some time now. Not only that, but there's also the matter about a young woman in a red cloak, a bell which when rung seems to give you the ability to see ghosts, and what appears to be some sort of paranormal force that has affected both the natives and driven the settlers off.With some scrounged-up weapons and a map, you set off to uncover and solve various mysteries in various areas of the region to uncover the fates of the settlers.-----There are several things that really made the game for me which I'll go through in short order. I would like to point out that when I refer to ""civilization"" and ""settlements"" I am referring to that made by the Europeans and am not trying to discount the civilizations that the American natives up until that point had developed and prospered under.Okay, so cool things about this game:The setting. Not often do you play a game that is set during that era when Europe was just beginning to settle into the Americas. Not only that but the goal of the game isn't to continue settling the place but to simply get to the bottom of what occurred before you arrived. It's a step in a direction that I didn't expect and was glad it leaned towards instead of ""Wilderness survival"" like a lot of games seem to be these daysThe sound is minimal yet effective. There is no music anywhere in the game, only the natural sounds of nature which themselves are limited to a chirp from a bird or two, a large breeze blowing over the plains grasses and rustling the trees; the noises made by enemies, which are not what you'd expect (i.e. the conquistadors sound like demonic grunting pigs); and the echoing, hollow sounds that the world makes when you switch over to the Other Side.For me, the lack of music really put me into the game. It doesn't make you feel isolated, per se, but it drove the point that this is very much an untouched land, at least by European standards. The seeds of civilization have barely been planted and already they seem to have been swept off the map. Not only that, but there are no animals around at all, either. Like I said, all you hear is the odd bird chirping from some unknown location and that's it. It doesn't matter to me whether or not animals were something the developers considered to add to the game; it is their absence, in fact, that drives the point that there is somethingoffabout this place and the surrounding area.Graphics and color. Now you can see from the screenshots that things seem to switch from black and white to saturated color. The game is meant to be played in that cool high Light-Dark contrast, but you can always switch it to color in the Options. For the vast majority of the game I played it in the former and while it did wear on my eyes after extensive playing, the gimmick never lost its charm for me. In a word, it's just cool to be in a black-n-white world with interactable objects and enemies touched up with bright red to make them stand out. Against the contrast they are impossible to miss, which is very important given that the map's markers are more about ""general area"" than the exact location of something.Combat is simple and straightforward, and I couldn't really ask for more.Usually when you play indie games set in historical periods or ones trying to really sell a setting, the notes fall flat because of the language used. In this game, however, the letters and notes read very much like someone who lived in this time period regarding word choice, syntax, and subject matter, which is always a much-appreciated touch for a historically accurate stickler like me.The game's difficulty ramps up gradually. You will find yourself having to retrace your steps a bit when you acquire new items that can help you in getting every last little thing on the map. I've died several times but I never felt cheated from it. Really it's all about shooting the enemies until they die and bobbing and weaving to avoid their attacks. You can even do some sneak attacks if you've got a good enough bow or crossbow, but you have to keep the bow's range in mind when doing so. Also, this is the 1600s so your guns will only be able to fire one shot before needing to reload, which takes 3-7 seconds in real time. Historical accuracy FTW!The Other World, as I call it, is really spooky but not in an in-your-face way, but more an omnipresent way. It's really the atmosphere that the place is. It's dark and foggy and all you can hear is the far off resounding ring of the bell you used to enter this state. In this Other World you can listen for cursed ""totems"" dotting the areas of the map that you must purify in order to progress to the next zone. When they are triggered they let out a far-off demonic scream which summons cursed spirits that will try to kill you. Those guys are a bit frightening in the beginning when you're trying to pick off just two conquistadors at once, and now you've got like four skeletons trying to shoot spirit bombs at you dead. At first I dreaded that part of the game only because it succeeded in putting that ""oh God I really don't want to do this"" kind of feeling in me, but to be honest, I'm a bit of a wuss when it comes to horror games, so I think my bar may be very low. At the very least, the Other Side is very atmospheric and if I wasn't so afraid of stuff popping out randomly to kill me, I'd have it on all the time for fun.At times I found myself wondering if this Other World really wasn't how colonists and early settlers saw the wilderness, something dark and foreboding and full of unknowns...The Other World is also where you interact with Spirits who've met untimely deaths. They are without memories and need help remembering who they are and how they and loved ones met their untimely deaths. It is up to you, the adventurer, to do some investigative work, which basically boils down to combing the area for clues and notes and questioning other shades of what they remember. These are short little ventures that don't require you to hop all around the game in order to complete - with the exception of the identity of the Woman in the Red Cloak, they are all pretty much contained within the zone that they were given to you. The triumphant horn that sounds when you've solved the case is pretty satisfying.And now some criticisms:I mentioned before, but the map only gives a general hint as to where certain things will be. Be prepared to check your map often because when it says ""this spot right here"" it really means ""stand in this spot right here and hopefully you'll see it within your depth of field"". There were times where I scoured the ground back and forth trying to find a note that evaded my sight, which is quite easy given that the ground, when lit by the sun, makes rock piles and notes very difficult to see (they twinkle and are faintly outlined in red, to be fair, but sometimes it's just not enough).Sometimes the markers denoting where the spirits are do not disappear and it's unclear if I am supposed to return to them at some point in the future to speak to them again or if there is no more that is required of me.I'd love to see this sort of setup another place during a similarly bygone era where the paranormal, superstition, and real seem to blur together."
76561198048527305,Recommended,243120,29431494,Posted: 22 January,all,Tr00he,"A visually stunning, original indie game with great flaws. As it is really, really cheap I recommend it though.The graphics are really nice. You walk through beautiful countryside - especially forests - in a scenario almost never used in games, so this is a plus.However the game doesn't decide what it wants to be. It is a surprising mixture of elements that don't fit.An open-world ghost story FPS with chests to loot, with few different types of weapons of which you find all the time versions to deal more damage, at least when you find a shovel to dig them up? And why are there so many chests to open? Should this be spooky, or a kind of Borderlands for the poor?It is not spooky enough to be a horror game, it fails in presenting its story better, and the looting and lack of NPC activity (the only people moving are you and the evil guys, the rest is stationary) ruin its atmosphere. Also the many fights against ghost-like enemies are only interesting as long as you stay in the ""normal"" world. Otherwise you fight skeletons and ghosts with really boring design and with an IQ worse than the enemies in Serious Sam. Also, the weapons are not well-balanced and although the old guns are fun, you find yourself in the end shooting everything with a bow because it just shoots faster - and that's what you need when the enemies are just rushing towards you without any brains.If this was an expensive game I'd give it a negative rating because although it has some very, very positive aspects (graphics, game world, unique scenario, nice old weapons, NPC stories, bug-free, good performance), the negative aspects are huge. The game is not consistent at all and fails to tell its story at least a little dynamically, and while making you walk around like in a walking simulator and you might enjoy the visuals and countryside in theory, most combat is annoying. Replay value is zero, too. This game could have been far, far better with some more NPC movement and more focus on story presentation. Instead after a while I felt like the devs had put a lot of passion into the maps but ran out of ideas when they needed to fill them with content. It also annoyed me that I had to dig up stuff all the time, but didn't have a shovel from the beginning, so I needed to backtrack all maps again. Well this way the game of course takes a little more time, but still it is not satisfying at all. A little more linear gameplay would have been better.For this cheap price however you should give it a try, the scenario and the graphics are definitely worth the few bucks. Regarding the fact that this game was made by a very small team it is impressive in its positive aspects and I will stay tuned for their next games, which will be hopefully more consistent."
76561198125990335,Recommended,243120,28275151,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,The_Voices_Are_Getting_Louder,"I feel this was a very good game. Good atmosphere, open world and a nice erie enviroment. Decent length story but felt repetitive at times and not much replayability value, but for the price its definitely worth it. Overall I'd recommend this game."
,Recommended,243120,12921747,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,George A.,"I had my eyes on this game since its very release, back in March. Watching its updates, reading further reviews about its content and gameplay, I saw quite a fair amount of both appraisals and negative criticism. I was sceptical for a while, but the months reinvigorated my interest as I witnessed some clever updates addressing a few issues that were hindering its potential. Then I recently bought it and, about only one week and a half afterwards, I've finished it.Betrayer is a fantastic indie enterprise, like few I've seen. It combines visual astonishment (directly affecting the atmosphere of ethereal mysteries) with no-nonsense combat, enhanced by the evolution of enemy hordes and also of the player's arsenal and fighting techniques. Running about with musket and bow has never been so much about timing each one's shot and adapting them for the precise circumstances. Missing *your* shot might very easily mean taking the enemy's back at you, since their aiming is relentless, and your health bar, friable.The theme is reasonably innovative, and the game's approach is downright unique. The year is 1606, and you land on Virginian soil, only to find a very primitive colonial process that has crumbled under inner conflicts and treason. On the other side, Native Americans are hunted, violated and burnt, as the names of their ancestors slowly fade away throughout the narrative process. The several notes found in the game tell (in fairly neat writing) of leaders from both sides being conspired against, sons and daughters being slain or assimilated. The player is then left with a visual that matches the storyline: ghosts float about the dense woods without remembrance of their actual lives, and beg for closure for their sins and/or misfortunes. The player may or may not remind them of who they were and what they did, bringing them either peace or torment. Amidst all this otherworldly saga, the true game's nemeses are embodied by steel-armoured bears (the colonisers) or burnt owls (the natives), which can be interpreted by their roaring or hooting beyond their human silhouettes.Play this game bearing in mind that it is a heavy experience. Being able to adjust colour saturation and contrast is also a nice feature for atmosphere adaption. If I were to point out a mistake, it may have been the walking and searching necessary to locate clues, letters, chests, and weapons. These are vast forested lands that are excellent for territorial combat, but a bit tedious for repetitive treasure hunt. Apart from that issue, a game that is well worth the cash and is beautiful to explore."
,Recommended,243120,22891020,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Action Ravandilious Succtis 8.7,"I seldom write reviews, but this is a game that deserves to be heard of, played, and enjoyed.  If anyone reads this, and wants to know anything about this game, just know that the trailer video is all you need to tell you if this game is for you.  This isn't a AAA 60$ game by any means, but I would have happily dropped 15$+ for such a gem.9/10 - A definite must have for 5$"
,Recommended,243120,26181556,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,iMaxDamage,"You can stealth it, or run and gun. Either way, it was so much fun.And the story is incredible."
76561197995416801,Recommended,243120,9637591,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,podzorama,"Betrayed is an intriguing title that is not without some flaws.On the face of it,  it's a game of ""crouch, sneak, kill.."" Rinse and repeat.It is beset with the frustration of Demon Souls without the rewarding learning curve. Death means a loss of loot and a respawning of enemy you have painstakingly cleared; also, at the time of this review the game also tends to crash now and then when toggling inventory menu which again means  restarting the long chore of clearing respawned enemy,( although I understand the Devs have this issue tagged for a fix )So that all said, what is it that keeps me coming back again and again for more? Is it the superb graphics and artwork? Is it the setting of a Shipwreck survivor in the 17th Century, or is it the intriguing and mysterious  sub plots clues and locations that build towards a larger picture of Supernatural proportions? It is all this that creates a sense of playing within a Ben Wheatley cult British film.So flawed and frustrating, yes, but this is far outweighed by its moody and enigmatic magnificence.Now I need to take my leave, for I must return to the trees and rocks and that damned wind. Who knows what may befall me around the next bend, or what grissly secrets I may uncover. Whateveter it is won't be nice, but I am compelled to go..."
,Recommended,243120,25243325,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,G-Man,"If you're looking for like a solid 7 hour game to finish with an interesting story, for 5 bucks, its definitely worth it. I drink more than 5 bucks of coffee a day and have put more than 5 bucks into quarters into ♥♥♥♥♥♥ arcade games. It plays like a spooky mystery game/fps.Prosspoopy nightmaresinteresting mysteriesfun hunting enemiesfun playing detectivecombat is pretty funConsrepetative AF, there are some minor story parts that serve no purposeWannabe RPG elements that are totally unnessaryThe game forces you to upgrade weapons and buy♥♥♥♥♥♥from a merchant but it just interupts the gameplay and ruins immersioncould have been spookierThey set up this really quite unsettling creepy atmosphere then didn't really capitalize on it, I kept wating for something to make me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants but I never did :(minor plot holes and lack of explanation for certain enemies or why they existAI is really dumb, so to make it interesting you gotta fight them like you are Mel Gibson in the Patroit or its not a challenge."
,Recommended,243120,11560491,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Blue Ninja,"Betrayer is a curious game. It's a horror game, with a semi-open world to explore. It's a shooter, but it encourages stealth. It even shuffles some RPG elements in there for good measure. The end result is an experience that's quite unlike anything I've ever played.The game starts off with you washing up on a beach in 16th-century Virginia. As you make your way inland, you discover the nearest colony has been overtaken by a mysterious force: one that turned the local populace into ashes and changed a Spanish invasion force into feral beasts. You meet the enigmatic Maiden in Red, whose past is tied to this place in ways she cannot yet remember. As you venture through the forests you uncover more abandoned settlements, each with their own history and ghosts left behind to tell it. You'll face a multitude of strange creatures, brought forth by the plague ravishing the Frontier. The combat can get a bit clunky, but the novelty of shooting monsters with muskets and crossbows makes up for that. Exploration can get a bit dull, since the world mostly looks the same. I had to resort to using an online map for each of the game's segments in order to get the full experience.Each map of the game world is strewn with collectables. These range from journal pages left by the people to graves and clues you find in the wilderness. Speaking with wraiths can give you valuable insight into the tragedies that occured here, even before the world went to hell. There's some interesting stories to be found, and they all receive a form of closure. The way you handle them can also have an impact on the ending of the game, but don't expect the effect to be too great. The ending itself is also strange, and leaves a lot open to interpretation (and the inevitable sequel), but the game's climax is satisfying enough to overlook that.Betrayer is definitely not easy. The enemies pack quite a punch, even on the lowest difficulty setting. There's not a lot of guides on there online, either, so you'll have to find your own way through the intricate maze of Colonial history the developers have crafted. Figuring it out is immensely satisfying, though, and I'd definitely recommend everyone to play this game."
,Recommended,243120,9620456,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Sexual Magic,"I purchased this game during Early Access and really enjoyed it at the time. Soo much has been added to the game I won't list it all here. Betrayer is made by some of the original F.E.A.R. devs and that alone got my attention.It has a moody atmosphere, spooky enemies, classic weaponry, color pallette/contrast sliders and a low amount of handholding.I reccomend playing in the black and white but it looks like the color options have gotten some adjustments, making them better as well.The dev's have made a lot of adjustments from the feedback they were given in Early Access, while remaining true to the vision they had for Betrayer.The way the trees and grass sway with the gusts of wind add a nice touch to the eerieness of the game, though you can use wind that to sneak up to enemies undetected. Also there is a listen ability that you can set to have a visual que, it will help you find the right direction.So far this is an awesome fps to have in the collection. Betrayer is not a cutscene/QTE game, story is given to you as you talk and find clues around the locations.I wish there were more music but that is personal preference and it would probably take away from the experience/atmosphere the developer was aiming for."
,Recommended,243120,9632774,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,fenrir,"The unsettling feel and look of the world, alongside some of the most terrifying sound effects, develop an alarmingly grim world full of mystery and brutality. The action takes place during American Colonialism with a great deal of gothic aspects thrown into the world, which makes the experience that much scarier. Overall, the open-world gameplay with its mysteries and hidden secrets was incredibly immersive, due to its challenging nature and horrid details."
76561197964621701,Recommended,243120,28247169,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Brett,"I wish there were a way to give a middle or nuetral score.  The game looks very different, but there is a lot of running around.  The fast travel is a must, but I still think I spent more time running around than anything else.It is pretty much black and white going for a horror atmosphere, but it made object hard to see, even when they were colored red.I recommend this, but just barely.  I got a bit bored toward the end and just wanted to finish.  No replay value to me.Buy this when it is sale."
,Recommended,243120,29574163,Posted: 29 January,all,Doc Holliday,"Not a bad game... I would have liked to see some voice work in it rather than reading, but its a decent adventure style game with elements of a shooter/horror/exploration and collection."
76561198037432599,Recommended,243120,25733386,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RunningBot,"PROS:Very eerie atmosphere.Areas are completely open.Interesting mystery to solve.Scary twist.Weapon variety and mechanics are good.Alternate equipment options are very well thought out, useful and add to the game play.You can rambo, steath it, mix it up. Anything goes and encounters are exciting and fun!Price is so low for what you get.CONS:Enemy variety could be better.Nothing is voice acted, allot of reading.Replay value is limited.BOTTOM LINE:Totally recommend. Would love to see what the devs would do with a big budget. This is a great game from start to finish. It sucks you in at the very beginning and doesn't let go. I would have payed more then $5 for this game after having played it.SIDE NOTE:I long-bowed with 2x pistols, first play though very fun!"
,Recommended,243120,28361564,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TyndeDiller,"Interesting concept!Sin City-esque visual style combined with a horror-mystery theme, You got yourself a great game on the paper.The reality, however, is quite different.Once you get past the novelty of it, this game doesn't really have much to offer.The first time you ring the bell, it's scary as hell, but if you're used to jumpscares or more complete horror games, you will be sorely disappointed. I'm a ♥♥♥♥♥, so I thought this game was scary af the whole play-through, but my opinion on that matter means little.A compelling story could have made up for it, but despite its moments, the main story is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Especially the endingBut the stories of all the ""shades"" you encounter are, however, quite well done. Especially in a historical context6/10, would not play again (linear af)Worth a playthrough if it's cheap and you got nothing else to doso it's recommended, I guess?"
,Recommended,243120,21728352,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,President Of Evil Art's ツ,"Game is gr8,Interesting exploration/investigation.If you don't like black white red colors, you can turn on colors, but then is harder to see enemies.And the game scared me few times  :DThis song explains everything:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6-ZGAGcJrk8.5/10 spooks :gaper:"
,Recommended,243120,21818081,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,RunOrShoot?,"For whom the bell tollsBlackpowder Games deserve praise for attempting something a little different with BETRAYER, and although it remains, at heart, an action RPG, they have succeeded in taking the genre in an unusual and interesting direction. This is a game that’s big on atmosphere, even if it is a tad light on content. Visually the game is quite unique, and the small indie studio have managed to create a world that’s far more eery and mysterious than can be found in most AAA horror titles. And this creepy atmosphere is further enhanced by excellent audio design. The combat is fun and reasonably challenging, and it does stealth pretty well too. It would, perhaps, gain something from a wider variety of environments and maybe from some voice acting, but on the whole this is an excellent little game. And it’s also great value for money. Some have criticised BETRAYER for being repetitive but personally I found my 26 hours within the game thoroughly enjoyable, and it never felt like a grind. And I managed to get all the achievements – huzzah! Sequel please.4/5"
,Recommended,243120,10937386,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tofke,"A great atmospheric game, loved how you get dropped into the game and have to figure it out yourself. Can be challenging at times, but not overly too hard on normal difficulty setting.In the end it can become a little repetitive but you'll be invested in the story well enough to carry through it.The ending itself was not that great, would say that that is the main downside of this game for me.I would still recommend it to anyone tho, I really enjoyed the game!A tip: Don't waste time looking for the spade it's well past the second half of the game that you'll find it :p"
,Recommended,243120,13580231,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Calcite- a.⍦,"Well, it´s kinda hard to describe this game with words, but yeah the graphics is great and it´s also a good Horror/Action/Adventure game that will steal some time from you."
76561197970384326,Recommended,243120,13319785,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Donny,"For me, this is a difficult game to rate as it is a combination of genres the main being  adventure horror and FPS unfortunately, as another person stated in a previous review I found it almost impossible to relate to the characters in the adventure element of the story but, really enjoyed the FPS part.Perhaps that was the problem, the FPS element was, for me, more fun than the adventure and therefore I didn't really play it or want to play it like an adventure, I usually enjoy adventures but, found that here I was only playing the adventure out of necessity to progress the FPS.IMHO the story was complex to the point where I felt the it was holding me back from progressing and became just incidental rather than in integral part of the game.The cross referencing between people places clues and events involves flipping between menus to understand the multiple links which to me seemed to impede the progress of the game. Whilst the story behind the events was actually quite interesting and complex it quickly became a chore that got in the way of killing enemies, finding clues and treasure, upgrading weapons and removing the evil on each map. There is not a lot of reading involved but, it does frustratingly slow down the game if you are playing it as an FPS.To get the full benefit from the game it needs to be played first and foremost as an adventure and not an FPS.The graphics are good, if your eyes are comfortable with the black and white default it heightens the atmosphere also, the night brought on by ringing the bells is particularly atmospheric, I preferred 50% colour during the day which for me, made the day night transition more dramatic.Sound also plays an important part in the game as locating an item, enemy or event can be done just by following a sound to its source, headphones are probably an advantage.Although there is a compass it is not possible mark any locations on the in game maps this can be a problem as some items can only be accessed with a shovel and relocating them once you have found a shovel can be very time consuming. The ability to be able to print out maps for the player to mark locations currently inaccessible of items for later return would have been useful.The game has little if any replay value except for playing on more difficult settings however, I shall play it again when I get time as an adventure and concentrate on following the story, although I completed it only a few hours ago apart from the main character I recall very little of the interrelationships of the other dozen or so characters in the story.I bought this in a sale and believe that I got value for what I paid however, I also believe there was a lot of potential missed because the two main game play genres failed to complement each other effectively, despite that, it was still an enjoyable game.I shall definitely consider any future offerings from Black Powder Games."
,Recommended,243120,9676666,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mattaki,"This is a good adventure game, which uses sound brilliantly. Use sounds to find chests etc, and use the wind to sneak up on enemies and stealth kill them. The graphics are black and white on the hole but still manage to look great. If you like adventure games like I do; then snap this beauty up right away. 8/10"
76561197975799915,Recommended,243120,9638598,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,unacceptable,"The press reviews of this are really lame. They do not seem to get it at all (Jim Sterling does it seems). Its a bit rough round the edges but its super tense, creepy and the stories are dark and troubling (but I have been a fan of  Monolith - devs are from FEAR - since Blood so may be biased). A cult classic in the making."
,Recommended,243120,9624421,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Lt. Rocky,"Just to know this was a project done by the creators of Condemned: Criminal Origins, the original F.E.A.R., No One Lives Forever and Blood, back in the saddle of creative freedom, should be enough to warrant your curiosity. I purchased this back in August in hope that a seed would blossom into something unique, creative and depthful.Seven months later, that is exactly what I've gotten.My disposition towards Stream Greenlight and Early Access has always been one of caution and skepticism, but Betrayer has proven to be a fine example of what happens when the system works as it was made to. The world the game pits you into is one filled with mystery that fills you with a sense of empty loneliness reminiscent of the Fallout games. Its rare to see a game with an outdoor focus capture the essense of nature so well while managing to keep things so eerie to the player. This game will thrill you and it will chill you. Its both scary and a scary good time. I'm excited this turned out so well, and I'll be keeping my eye out for Blackpowder's next project."
76561198069660869,Recommended,243120,26424601,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,MITSOS ELITE,Guys i bought the game for 0.99$ and i feel shame that i payed that less money for such a good game its very good even the story is awesome..Buy it
,Recommended,243120,30605593,Posted: 18 March,all,[BRO] o19,"What a phenomenal game, from beginning to end.First, the [intended] visual style of monochrome black/white with punctuated red icons and points of interest is brilliant.  I can’t believe that some people complained enough to get a standard color version added to the game [later].  It’s a shame that they can’t appreciate the artistic vision that the design team had.The game relies on sound, as there are mechanics associated with exploring each area and also for stealth combat.  There is no music which makes the sounds of the wind, birds and enemies enjoyably pure.The item system is simple, but ramps up appropriately until the end.  There was never a point where I felt particularly flooded or starved for ammo.Combat is of a straight forward, first-person style with weapons and items appropriate for the time period.  Stealth is a reliably useful ability that punishes people who run headlong into battle.Finally the story… despairing, brutally violent, suspenseful.I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,243120,10052340,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"Year is 1600. Emty hostile island. Spirits. Weapons. Ghosts. Empty forest, and a strange switch into darkness (same forest except creepy as hell) whenever you chose. Betrayer has more or less this atmosphere.The game reminded me of STALKER in a way. You are put on a hostile environment with lots of nature, beautiful natural sounds mixed with some dark ambient and horror audio. No quest markers and pointers, you have to figure out what to do yourself.For max atomsphere and immersion I advise to turn off the crosshair. It's pretty easy to learn how to shoot without the aiming help. Betrayer has a mix of exploration and first person shooting (which works fine). It has a classical horror story, which you will read in the game (no spoken stuff).Game is normal in difficulty if you just follow the story. If you set out to find all secrets and hidden stash, it's difficult. Map navigation is realistic, although it would be awesome if the game allowed to set notes on it. To illustrate the difficulty of finding treasures: it is still hard even if you have a copy of a map in a Steam guide that shows where the specific hidden objects are.It's definetly a different game, and the switch between light and dark world is very interesting (don't misunderstand, both environments are pretty hostile). One thing to note: Betrayer can get repetative after some time, I wish there were more unique environments and places put here, since 60-70% of the time you will be exploring. Still, I gladly suggest it to anyone looking for dark thriller kind of game, with appropriate atmosphere."
76561198001045652,Recommended,243120,29057984,Posted: 6 January,all,SAM WARS,"Betrayer is... Interesting. It's what I'd say a Atmoshperic Horror, not a gore-fest or nightmare inducing horror. It's creeping around trying to find the enemy before the enemy finds you. It's not very long, story-wise, but can be play-time as it has a (now optional) ""find your corpse before dying a second time or lose your gear"" mechanic. The game expects you to be able to figure things out, but not a steep learning curve either.Pros:Good Combat systemInteresting Plot/StoryMonochrome color adds the Atmospheric Horror.Game doesn't hold your hand more than explaining a single important game mechanicCons:Repetitive Objectives to advance the storyBow & Arrows can take a little getting use to usingGame doesn't hold your hand more than explaining a single important game mechanic$5 isn't a bad price for it. On sale, it would definately worth it."
,Recommended,243120,27257416,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gonzo,"I've only played 2 hours of this game but it has already suprised me in a very positive way. It's a first person exploration game with a combat system that I really enjoy, even though you need to be really accurate to be able to hit the enemies. (Not a negative!) You can choose to stealthkill the enemies or go muskets blazing straight into the action! The devs have succesfully created a really erie feeling and the story is really mysterious and interesting. I picked this up for 1,49€ and I'm almost annoyed at the fact that I didn't buy it full price to support the studio, because they're totally worth it. I highly recommend that you pick this game up! Even if you doubt the aesthetics will be pleasing because of the b/w, fear not! There's an option to maximize the saturation of the colours which really makes this game look lovely since you spend alot of time running through the woods. (Thank you, Blackpowder. <3)"
76561197976515781,Recommended,243120,21372263,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,fishhooks,"A unique little Indie gem.  You're dropped on the shores of a Colonial New World, with absolutely no instructions about what you're suppossed to do.  Gradually, you uncover clues about the missing colonists here, and eventually figure out what events took place in this haunted landscape.  If you like mysteries, you should enjoy this release.As you visit each new location, there's a bit of a  ""rinse-and-repeat"" aspect that becomes a little repetitive by the end, but it's not really a problem considering the length of the game.  It's relatively short at around 12 hours...more if you're a completionist.  Graphics and game-play are great (particularly for an Indie release), and the story-telling is, imho, exceptional.Over-all, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience, and given that you can pick up Betrayer for ~$5 during one of the many STEAM Sales Events, I highly recommend it as a great little week-end diversion."
76561197993474757,Recommended,243120,9784603,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Gorecommandré,"Bashed by most critics for its lack of explanation and  repetitive gameplay, Betrayer is a game that completely drew me in until the goosebumpy ending (at least I felt that way).It is a semi-open world action-adventure with lots of first-person shooting (or throwing), exploration and (text-)talking to ghosts, with a unique graphic style (you can change the high contrast black and white if you like), punishing difficulty (that you can set easier in the options) and, which is my personal favorite, an audio clue system that makes sense when you come to the end of the game (headphones or a quality sound system should be used while playing). The bleak atmosphere derives mostly from the visuals and the superb sound effects (no musical soundtrack). I recommend playing it in B&W if you can take it, important stuff is highlighted in red.Personally, I never experienced any technical issues or bugs. It took me about 11 hours to see the ending, but I have not found every little thing there is to find.You should play Betrayer if you like to explore and figure things out on your own, care for a mysterious story, are prepared to do some ingame reading and don't expect a typical FPS just because it's made by some ex-Monolith guys. Its a fine, but sadly misunderstood game by a small studio. I thoroughly enjoyed it and urge you to give it a chance."
,Recommended,243120,9732157,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Nemo,"A quiet indie FPS, with great audio and 'Silent Hill' type atmosphere"
,Recommended,243120,9629383,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,★ QUITE THE SPICY MEME ★,Hard to know where you going at times but still a great game.
76561198025132727,Recommended,243120,12785214,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Korriban,"From the store page of the game: ""The year is 1604. You sailed from England expecting to join a struggling colony on the coast of Virginia. Instead, you find only ghosts and mysteries. What catastrophe blighted the land and drained it of color and life? Where are the settlers and tribes who lived here?Clue byclue, you must piece together the story of what befell this doomed settlement and find a way to set things right. You will be hunted by corrupted Conquistadors and ravening shadows as you explore an expansive wilderness in order to trace the brief, tragic history of the colony and search for survivors.""***STORY - 7/10You have to find documents and complete quests/investigations if you want to uncover the truth behind what you ""think"" happened. This is a good thing and a bad thing at the same time: it is good because it gives your search a purpose, but the drawback is that you might miss something important and will be left with some unanswered questions.***GRAPHICS - 8/10The polygons are not the best, but since it is an indie game I'd say they are good enough. The textures on some bushes are really detailed, those on the pine trees not so much, but overall they are better than vanilla Skyrim. What I really liked about the graphics is how the vegetation reacts to the wind, you will see everyting moving, almost every leaves of a bush and every blade of grass.You can choose to play on two different color patterns, the ""supposed"" one is black an white... and red. This is what the developers want you to use, it's spooky and it adds something the the game, but I didn't like it very much so I choose the coloured version, which is very good nonetheless. However I still had to play some part black and white for in-game reasons, but in my opinion it was better this way.***SOUND - 8/10There is no music in the game, that's because some of the gameplay mechanics are based on environmental sound. For example if you want to sneak upon an enemy undetected and there is no cover, just stay behind them and run when the wind blows, your footsteps noise will be covered and you can stab the enemy in the back.Another feature of the game that concerns sound is that you have to follow some distant eerie noises that will lead you to your next objective... or enemy.***GAMEPLAY - 6/10The gamplay is quite straightforward, you will get no tutorial, but the game is a first person shooter. The only problem is that every quest is a fetch and retrieve. You basically do the same thing over and over again and it gets boring after the 3rd map. However, the game is 7 hours long (more or less) so you will not suffer much for that.The good thing is that you have a quite nice choice of 17th century weapons and shooting lead balls from your musket is quite rewarding.Replayable? No, once you have finished it you're probably not going to start it again.Overall score : 7/10 - Buy it when it's under 10€"
76561197983996554,Recommended,243120,28814257,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Schrodinger's Dog,"I'm amazed this game hasn't gotten more press than it has- I found it on a Steam sale for $1.99 completely at random.  It's quite short (replay value = 0) and has serious flaws, but for the price it's absolutely worth itPro: The world is both unique and starkly beautiful.   The monochrome graphics add a wonderful atmosphere, and the way the trees and shrubs move in the breeze is beautiful.  Sound is very well done and essential. (play this game with headphones)  The day/night mechanism works well.  The weapons are fun- having to deal woth the long reload times of flintlocks while being swarmed by enemies is a nice touch.  Stealth, when it works, is really useful- there's a huge difficulty bump in about a third of the way in and the only way I found to survive the ambush was to run and quitely snipe the enemy one by one.Cons: This is tough- it's clearly a work of love by a few people without a huge budget.  That said, they couldn't get everything they wanted, and it needs polish.   It's labeled as survival horror, but it's really not scary at all.  In fact, the nighttime enemies are laughable- the skeletons especially look like they're drunk.   The story is decent, but it's obvious the authors had more they just couldn't add.The real problem is the core exploration mechanic- it just doesn't work well.  You have a map, which by default lists the positions of almost every object on the map before you explore an inch.  It makes the visual and sound cues worthless- just walk to the marker.  Strangely, the markers disappear when you find the item and there's no way to put your own markers down, which is a major issue when you have to revisit them.The devs do have an option to turn off the map markers, but that adds more problems.  The story is told by meeting wraiths at nighttime, but without markers for them it's nearly impossible to learn everything.  The wraiths can be seen at a distance, but the shadows can't, and worse the shadows only appear once certain conditions are met.  They appear near significant events (murders) but the markers for those vanish when you visit them (and you can't place your own)  Without turning on markers for them, you have to search a couple of acres of territory over and over for the one guy you need to talk to.  I tried to play it without map markers only using sound cues (and listen) but it's just too damn frustratingAll that said, ignore the cons and buy the game.  It's a unique take on the genre and hopefully the devs will manage to write the sequel it obviously needs."
76561198043549843,Recommended,243120,23914734,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,sithsaber1,"This is one of the most highly atmospheric, and unique FPS games I've ever played. The use of color, and the lack there of, is excellent. The minimalist sound is incredible; having the wind be the dominant effect is uncommon and a real delight. Unraveling the mystery and gameplay was frustrating at first, but well worth the experience. The action and difficulty were great, and the level of spooky was just high enough that my girlfriend couldn't handle playing it after the first few minutes, but the design and effects were good enough to have her just hover over my shoulder and watch."
76561197998994442,Recommended,243120,12584796,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Cremchez,"Very fun. I enjoyed it.I liked the graphical design style of black and white with red highlighting places of interest. Although the fact that they allow people who want a full color version to turn that on is nice.Story was interesting as you pieced together the subplots for the various NPCs.Combat was fun without being overly difficult or easy. There were definitely some moments where I was running backwards frantically reloading my crossbow as something was chasing me down. Using the trees to dodge arrows and other projectiles was well handled too.Keeping the items content and equipment simple was nice. Once I realized I didn't need to SEE a trowel or a hatchet to HAVE said item, I was good to go there.I think the only slight issue I could say is that the listening skill was not explained and therefore it took a couple minutes to realize how that worked.Sound was handled nicely as well. I liked that certain audio clues would indicate what enemies were around. The indian sound effect was especially good. Every time I heard it, I would whip around scanning for them. Usually they still got off the first shot.All in all I'd have to say a well thought out and executed game."
,Recommended,243120,31201541,Posted: 17 April,all,Gekko,"Impressive atmosphere. Does a fine job in making the player learn the mechanics without explaining them, and to let the player decide what the game is about. The game stops giving new things to do early on and the game gets repetitive. There was one crash, and a few times I got stuck in geometry and had to reload. Writing and art are enjoyable enough. The weapon and item upgrades seemed out of place as they didn't matter except for the very end game items that offered significant bonuses."
76561198081634558,Recommended,243120,10215869,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Rabbitses,"This is a good one. The environments are amazing. The game is supposedly meant to be played in black and white, with some color, mostly red, shining through to mark things of importance. Thankfully there are some sliders to mess with the colors and you can get the game looking amazing. I know some people like the black and white effect, but it didn't do it for me. I can't say enough good things about the atmosphere of this game. It manages to be bright, colorful and vibrant while being creepy at the same time. All the story is told though clues, documents and other collectibles that you record in your notebook. Every piece of text you uncover is recorder and honestly makes for a great story that involves the disapearance of all the people in the area, leaving behind zombified Spanish soldiers among other things. The combatinvolves longbows, crossbows and single shot pistols and muskets. There are charms you can find that increase things like reload speed. run speed and health. Health is important because it is rather easy to die in this game because the enemies are pretty strong. All you get out of this game is what you put in it. You can discover as much of or as little of the story as you want.The only bad things are that there isn't more of this game and the story ends rather abruptly and without much fanfare. I can understand why this is done, but at the end of the day I wanted a little more closure.9/10"
,Recommended,243120,9173575,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,"Juwan ""JuJu"" Jackson","This game, been following it since it's start and I can say this the developers have done a fantastic job with it from the RPG elements to the overall feel of the game. From terrifying enemies to a story that is unique and combat that can either have you fleeing for your life or fighting a horde of enemies. It's well beyond worth the 14.99$ price tag, get it you will not be dissapointed."
76561198095967515,Recommended,243120,9123258,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Jack n' the box,"Great game, can't wait till finished.I often find myself hinding from the enemies."
,Recommended,243120,14231961,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Solenya,i'm a professional historian and this game is an amazingly accurate recreation of colonial life in america
76561198085207793,Recommended,243120,23850210,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DrPintoThe2nd,Great game. Excited to see what else comes from these developers in the future.
,Recommended,243120,11996144,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,-SNiGS- BakedBam,Its like Maplestory....but its like Maplestory!
,Recommended,243120,34663565,Posted: 1 September,all,KyleJames0408,"Hello Everybody,I'm not so sure how I feel about Betrayer. The game itself is a lot of fun for the first two areas, but after that it gets really old. By the time I got to the third area, I just stopped playing it. I had a lot of fun the last time I played it too and I planned to hop back on, but since then, I haven't had the motivation to get back into it. There isn't much of a story and you're kind of left to figure out things on your own, which I must admit was pretty fun at first! The game's mechanics mock the era almost perfectly! People who are complaining about reload time and single shot weapons don't understand the 1600's. I definitely loved how it looked and how it mocked the era perfectly. More description could have been given as to the purpose of the bells and what you need to do with the totems around the areas, but I definitely think it was fun for the time that I played. Definitely worth a buy, but you need to be curious and willing to learn without much description. I'd like it if Steam allowed a Mixed option, but since there isn't, I'll recommend it but give warning that the game is rather repetitive.-Kyle James"
,Recommended,243120,32841797,Posted: 26 June,all,internetsdave,"Good atmosphere and a unique setting. It ended up being a bit repetitive towards the end, but otherwise a solid experience."
,Recommended,243120,9649543,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Gamer_Kought,"A very unique blend of action, adventure, horror, and a dash of RPG. Betrayer has an atmosphere that is unlike any other. Imagine the open world and supernatural horrors of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. set in the 1600s, with a intense color style that only uses black, white, and red.There is a slider to adjust the way the game looks, including the ability to add color, but honestly the game works perfectly fine as is.Ignore the metacritic reviews of the journalists, as they have absolutely no clue what they are talking about. This game is excellent. Don't let this game fly under your radar, it is absolutely worth checking out."
76561197991895839,Recommended,243120,9626761,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Blindga,"I will admit: I went into this game with low expectations. I was in on the early access, and while I liked the idea it just wasn't shaping up to wha I wanted to me. Color me shocked, but I have to say my expectations were simply surpassed. I still have my misgivings, but this is overall a good game. THIS is how a game should be developed. Start with a rough edge, sharpen, an evolution of characters and ideas, until finally you have a finished product. And on that note alone I would recommend this.First: The good.Atmosphere. The game drips with a thick atmosphere set in a pre-colonization american wild. There is no wildlife or humans save for you and one other. You are the only sane man in a cursed world, and this game does an excellent job at establishing that hard-to-nail lonely feeling.This game is also quite frightening in the fun way that everything is scarier that it should be. Mortal enemies consist of soldiers and natives. The Spanish soldiers are literally some kind of inhuman beast-men, and the indians are more like zombies than humans. Then you have spiritual foes; consisting primarily of spell-casting skeletons and wraiths. Its just that everything you encounter is so strange and unnatural in ways you don't execpt. Armed with only simple weapons and your stealth skills, this game does a good job at making you feel helpless and alone in a diffuclt situation; proving that, once again, taking away the weapons doesn't make a game scary on its own so much as the feeling of helplessness and weakness does. A wide variety of intimidating monsters and plentiful surprises makes the game consistantly intense and frightening; no spoilers included.Except one: NIne foot tall Infantryman in the first area.Weapons work well on that note. You have a small arsenal of five or six weapons that can be upgraded in quality to improve performance. Each weapon has strengths and drawbacks. Bows are weaker, but being able to recover ammo is practical. While a pistol or musket packs a punch they are also noisy and very limited. You also have a dagger sidearm for fending off swarming enemies, and a tomahawk that serves as a sort of grenade attack that can get rid of anyone except some of the nastier foes with one good throw.It is also worth noting this game is very hard at times. You can take about two to three shots before dying if you don't use a health flask, enemies often attack in groups, and many foes possess a rage ability that makes them more resistant to damage when they go into attack. This is primarily a stealth fps where sneak attacks and avoidance are preferred, and open conflicts are dangerous and cost you a lot of valuable ammo. A well placed arrow to the back can kill a soldier in one shot, but if he spots you? Not even a high-quality musket shot to the chest will kill him then. You have to be quick and accurate in this game, and it is very rewarding.In summary, the gameplay is intense and legitimately scary a lot of times. Its a good challenge, and working with old-world weaponry is good fun and rewarding to get the hang of. The gameplay is definitely there.The bad:I'm going to skip over some of the nitpicks like the night being too easy at times or enemy path-finding being a little clumsy, and loading being a bit too long for my tastes and get on with the one big problem I have with this game.Story and objectives.The setup is good to be fair. You are some kind of traveler going to America when your ship is gunned down by a Spanish warship and you are stranded in a strangely cursed colony where everyone is mysteriously dead, and ghosts roam freely. You have one companion in all this mess, a woman in red robe, but she doesn't even know her own name. Its up to you to figure out what is going on.And here is where it falls apart. You never figure out what is going on.You spend most of the game finding white ghosts, people who committed horrible acts of betrayal (hah) and sin, and are now cursed to undeath, and helping them remember their sins in order to give them peace. But each character is its own little side story that ultimatley shapes up to have nothing to do with the whole curse problem. After completing the fourth investigation and helping the ghosts remember their sins, I still don't know what is going on. You also find pages that seem to log thoughts of the colony, but they are all worthless it seems; with many of them talking about mundane things like the quality of an indian arrow vs an englishman's arrow.There's also a mechanic where you find certain treasures that you can give to the girl in red that I 'think' is some sort of investigation mechanic where you see how she reacts to certain things in order to find out more about her and help guess who she is later, but even on that I don't know.The game is just cryptic. I feel like the main 'plot' doesn't go anywhere, and I'm just doing a bunch of fetch quests to collect clues to help people remember things that I don't care about. There is just no point to it, and if there is than its waited too long to make it, as I am sure I am already halfway through the game.That's another thing though: clue collecting. Its interesting to use a sort of sixth sense to find little treasures and points of interest to collect clues to help the ghosts remember things, but its all linear and prescripted. All your responses are single-lines that force the stories along in an unpleasant way. It lacks intelligence.To summaraize that: The story just isn't good. Its got a nice setup, but it holds the player by the hand, drags them along at a snail's pace, and presents itself in a broken incoherent mess of sidestories that just make absolutely no sense in the grand scheme of things. And finally, for a game that oozes with 'mysterious', there is just no mystery, since everything you say is pre-determined. You should be able to collect clues, put the stories together yourself, and figure out whether the evidence saves or condemns the soul in question, but instead its all a straight line and often painfully predictable.Overall:I remember the developers saying they wanted to make a simple well-polished game rather than one bloated with ugly features, and I can agree with that bit of wisdom to an extent. But I have to say, Betrayer's biggest flaw, and a big flaw at that, is the lack of complexity. Weapon variety feels a little limited, the stories of the ghosts are easy to figure out and don't really involve the player, and overall its just a big fetch-quest that serves as an excuse for the player to go out into the darkened wilds to explore and face monsters.But that doesn't stop the gameplay one bit, which I would say is top notch when it all comes together in tense stealth action and brutal conflicts. Its a well-made, if overly simple, game that is fun to play and a decent challenge. For an atmospheric game, the lack of a good engaging story is a massive flaw in my eyes, but the one-of-a-kind setting and pre-american FPS gameplay is just enough to redeem its shortcomings.I recommend this game, if barely. I wish it could have been better, but its fun enough as is and definitely worth the twenty dollars."
,Recommended,243120,12577620,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Captain Pootis ℐℎℯ Bamf,"Kinda spooky in the wierd supernatural mode.Otherwise, this was a cool game the way it was mostly black and white with hints of red here and there.The unique graphics, however, seem to be pretty much the only thing making this game stand out. It is fun to play, though, and it does have a few interesting mechanics."
,Recommended,243120,13933548,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,NGJustice,"Not many things can scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. This game does that.Ghosts, Spaniards, Red Riding Hoods and stuff, all of it visually pleasing."
,Not Recommended,243120,24777994,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Dammi Figa,"The environmental effects and scenery while repetitive are very impressive and nice to look at.  But for me, that is all this game really has going for it. The enemies are frustratingly overpowered and most of the gameplay is spent trying hopelessly to avoid them while navigating the wide open fields. I can see the appeal for very patient gamers and maybe it gets more fun eventually. It was not what I hoped for and holds little to no scare value."
,Not Recommended,243120,26306994,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mr Elusive,"+ Good graphics.+ Unique premise.- Broken stealth.- Lack of enemy variety.- Very repetitive quests/loot hunts.Nothing makes bad stealth game like a telepathic AI. You know the ones I'm talking about. Those AIs with Insta-Spot™ goggles that magically know where you are once alerted. They can't be evaded. They can't be bargained with. They can't be reasoned with, and they absolutely will not stop, until you are dead.(I ended up just moving around normally like I was playing Quake. You're going to get spotted and end up in combat anyway, so why bother hiding?)Broken stealth, coupled with the loot hunting and facing the same enemies - if you've played this game for an hour, you've played the whole thing. The plot alone, while very interesting, was not enough to keep me motivated to finish the game. Even at sale prices I would find this difficult to recommend.Verdict:4/10 - Below Average"
,Recommended,243120,29054680,Posted: 6 January,all,Omnificer,"This is an odd game. The color scheme, sound design, and dual worlds makes it incredibly unique. The combat is rather basic and the tasks are rather repetitive but the world is just so eery that I kept moving forward. The stealth can be frustrating as the enemies have an incredible line of sight which very often allows them to see you well before you see them.I'd say the game is short enough to leave a strong impact without overstaying its welcome."
76561197970408752,Recommended,243120,29129423,Posted: 8 January,all,squishysdomain,"A good little game.  I say little as I like games I can do for 100+ hours and this one was over much quicker than that but it definitely has merit.  I liked the 'nightmare' mode.  It was an interesting twist.  It was also quite a hard game, but not at all impossible."
,Recommended,243120,25406911,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bar-None,"Really enjoying this game. At first i thought it was a tech demo dubbed a game, but the gameplay is really immersive. The world is gorgeous, the gameplay mechanics are well thought out and the game has some very frightening moments."
,Recommended,243120,29220993,Posted: 13 January,all,Jarmander,"Betrayer is a simple, yet highly original game with a chilling story and atmosphere. It takes a while to get into the groove of Betrayer as it doesn't hold your hand, and the lack of audio dialogue and music (for me) impacted the immersion and reduced the personality and human nature of some of the characters. It lacks a layer which I feel could've pushed Betrayer further than it's atmospheric horror label and into a story of family and loss.The forest scenery and camps are eerie and make you feel like you are playing in a significantly larger world(the areas of the world you progress through are relatively small and repetitive) and the two world gameplay is a good gameplay element - crossing over into a spirit dimension of each map to talk to lost souls and wraiths is legitimately spine-tingling; the sound design is pretty spot on at continuing to keep you on edge.Betrayer is pretty damn good and is guaranteed to get your spine tingling, oh and you can throw hatchets and cherry bombs at flying skulls."
76561197983276232,Recommended,243120,10986410,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,RedSwirl,"The most accurate description I can think of for BETRAYER is “FAR CRY 3 meets SILENT HILL by way of ELDER SCROLLS.” It applies some of the mechanics and structure of open world action games to a survival horror game, or at least a really dark and atmospheric adventure game.The game has you explore the ruins of 17th century English Virginia colonies, piecing together the sordid tales of the people who lived there while fighting off monsters. The combat might be a love-it-or-hate-it affair, but BETRAYER’s main appeals are definitely the detective aspect and its atmosphere.The most immediately striking things about BETRAYER are obviously its monotone color palette (which is actually optional) and that its unusual (for video games) setting. Both work together, along with the paper map by which you navigate, to create a great sense of being in another time and place.It’s not just the lack of color that creates the style either, but the high contrast Blackpowder games employs (along with the reds that stick out to facilitate gameplay), particularly the very deep blacks which accentuate shadows. Blackpowder lets you adjust the contrast and bring color back into BETRAYER. Setting everything to “1.0” makes the game look much more “normal” and realistic, but also less interesting if you ask me. At some points you have to travel into an “otherworld” where the monochrome scheme inverts and thick, SILENT HILL-like fog is prevalent. Oppressive would be a strong word to describe it, but it manages to feel sufficiently moody.The meat of the game is exploring the world to track down clues and eventually interrogate ghosts to put the story together. The ghosts all make for diverse and interesting mini stories that eventually connect to the main mystery of the game, though Blackpowder didn’t have the budget for any voice acting.Even though the main mystery is fairly directly told once you gather the necessary clues, BETRAYER manages to vaguely allude to other mysteries behind the scenes. These culminate in a highly ambiguous ending that’s already ignited various interpretations from players.The combat is probably BETRAYER’s most polarizing aspect. Of course it can’t be a normal first person shooter when you’re dealing with 17th century weaponry. What Blackpowder ended up with is something I find rather challenging and skill-based but others might just find to be a crapshoot.As you fight monstrous Spaniards, skeletons, and other creatures, you mainly use a bow which feels nice and takes a bit of practice for figuring out when to loose arrows. Stealth definitely helps for starting or avoiding encounters but isn’t always an option. The knife, crossbows, muskets, and pistols are suited to different kinds of enemies and situations which all have patterns to learn. Dodging enemy projectiles is particularly tricky but learnable. If you want you can turn on a feature where you drop your equipment when you die and have one chance to retrieve it a la DARK SOULS, but the game as of this writing has it turned off by default.BETRAYER probably takes between five and 12 hours to finish due to much of its content being optional, but also desirable because of its affect on the ending. For fans of survival horror and adventure games who miss investigating dark, mysterious places, this isn’t only a nice first person game to chew on, but also a unique application of open world game design. From there it’s just a matter of whether or not the combat holds you back."
,Recommended,243120,9727264,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Soundcreepy,"Simply awesome! This game was made by 6 (and 1/2?) people, and yes it has rough edges but the devs continue to patch it and even with the bugs, it is quite an experience.Combat is tough, almost Dark Souls tough in-fact. Want to go stealth? Go with a bow, but beware that you won't have high damage and the shots may bounce off armor. Want power? Go for guns, but kiss stealth goodbye and hello long reload times. (Like to see you load a early colonial pistol/musket in two seconds)Graphical presentation is great. Yes you can give the game color, but you should at least give the default a go, really works well.Gameplay is fun as you explore the area, helping investigate wraiths deaths and try to find out that the hell is going on.Only few complaints is there isn't much variation, go to a town, get objectives, fight and don't die, complete investigation, repeat. But for a game this cheap this isn't a huge deal since the game is a blast to begin with.In short, this game is worth your time with its blend of exploration and combat, with a really well done presentation."
,Recommended,243120,22920539,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,NATESOR,"If you enjoy a good short horror story with a twist or two, then this is the game for you!  ""Investigations"" are essentially that.  A means of unvieling a series of (pretty damn good) short stories to the player mixed in with some combat and exploration.The art design and sound are well done, and generate an appropriately spooky and haunting atmosphere.  Being able to tune the amount of stylization was a good choice by the developer.  I'll admit I was initially interested in the game because of the stark black, white, and red color scheme, but as I played I turned it to the more realistic color scheme.  This only affects the daylight sections of the game.  The night time is trichrome no matter the settings, balancing out the day sections.The combat is surprisingly ok, but a little more feedback on your health would have been nice, as I died often without really realizing how injured I was.I would have appreciated if the stories were tied to the enviroment a little more.  Enviromental story telling is what videogames can really excell at, and while I can tell the developer made an effort to do that, I can only wish they had more time and a bigger budget to really flush out the world and details.Mr. Skeltal Approves.  8/10"
,Recommended,243120,15879773,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Mr. Afghanistan,"They should make a seperate category for indie games that are actually good, and put this one in that category. I feel like indie games can be so hit and miss, but this one is very good."
,Recommended,243120,10675258,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Zageron,"This is an exceptional game full of suspense and the unknown. While it will never terrify you, assuming you've played games like F.E.A.R, Amnesia, and Outlast, it will put you right into the shoes of someone who has shipwrecked on a stupid spooky island.The game should definitely be played in its intended monochrome palette, with the dark/light contrast at a medium high setting. The game is meant to be played with your ears, and with a good mix of sniping and not getting hit skills. The early game will test your courage, and the late game will test your ability to take on many foes simultaneously, while the entire game will test your ability to remember where everything is. If you're feeling adventurous, sketch out the maps for the game and be sure to mark down some of the special objects in case you die or cannot recall where they were. Of course, using the built in listen functionality will work but some items don't show up on the audio map.For sure one of the best games I've played this year so far, give it a go!!!!"
,Recommended,243120,19505616,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,951Jimbo,"Betrayer is one of the best games I have played in 2015.  I highly recommend it.  It's a masterpiece.  The story, the graphics, the sound and atmosphere.  It’s amazing.  This is art.Things to KnowI played on easy, so as to not loose my loot.  The game is not a cakewalk.Don’t mess with the color options, play in B&W.  It's worth it and will immerse you in the atmosphere and sound.144Hz is available through some file editing.  Steam has a guide on this.LinkThe game does have a demo.ProsThis is a really cool setting: you are in the Americas during the spanish colonial period.  Think natives, muskets, forts, etc.I was very interested in the developing relationship between my character and the girl in the red hood.The game’s concept, that you are releasing troubled souls, is very interesting.A great story.  I was actually interested in these people’s lives.  That’s a hard thing to do in video games where the player is encouraged to go straight away to the next task.The graphics are amazing!  I was fortunate to run the game on high/ultra with 60-100 fps on an i5 and GTX 980; it looked incredible.  Don’t mess around with the color, leave it black and white, trust me.The sound is equally amazing.  Hearing the crickets chirp, the wind blow, the native’s chants in the distance . . . .  The subtle and perfectly placed music.  Whoever did the sound on this game deserves an award.  I would genuinely like to meet them.This game is scary, definitely puts me on edge.  Requires an extra dose of anxiety medicine.The fighting is unique too.  A first person shooter game, but your weapons are muzzleloading black powder pistols and muskets, or the optional bow and arrow.  Very fun and differentThe enemies are varied, different, and thrilling.Excellent save system; pretty much save when you want.Good stealth system.  Stealth makes the game easier if you have patience but it is not required.Pacing is just right, the game starts out fun and just gets better.Pretty stable game.ConsThe game will run at 144hz, if you edit some files on your PC.  Why wasn’t that just built into the options?All of the firearms have an odd pointing to them, it looks like they are aiming at the sky.Some of the sound effects, like when a bullet hits an enemy's armor, sound like they are from a 1960's western.  Ithinkthis is a stylized choice.The ending felt somewhat anti-climatic.I would like to see a little more weapon variety.  A crude pistol looks identical to an excellent pistol."
,Recommended,243120,11251468,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ibrheem_Q4,"Betrayer was one of early access games that had a good feedback from the gamers and i agree wtih themthe gmae had uniqe art style black and white don't go crazy and start saying this game sucks cuz there's no colors the gamethere's a colors in this game if you wantbut i don't think it's a great idea the game is batter with black and white you'll relize that when you play the game .in the game there's two worlds the first world is real world , the other world makes you able to talk to the ghosts and trust me the other world is so scary .the ghosts in this game don't remamber what happend so they ask you to help them  so  you have to collect clues and check graves to help them remamber what happend.the strories in this game with the main stroy is really disturbing.the game is sandbox you can discover a lots of things clues , graves , chests and other things and there's sides quest .gameplay is not something but it's good you can stealth by hiding from the enemies and walking slowly and you can buy different kinds of wapoens from some fire arms to crossbow .the game gives you no ♥♥♥♥ing clue where to go , so it's hard to play the game without checking some guides on steam .the sounds in this game is really good the sounds of the winds and the sounds is the only way to guide to important stuff like some lost ghost , chest and clues  so i recommend using a headset .btw there's no voice acting or soundtracks in this game .Pros:+enjoyable gameplay+uniqe world and art style+interesting story+good side quests+great sound design+huge worldCons:-you will get lost a lot-you can't mark somthing on the map"
,Recommended,243120,24266721,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,elwaffle,"This was a good game.  It's more of a story and a very interesting art style than most other games.  This playes like a point and click adventure in 3d, however there is a fair bit of battling as well."
76561198008431954,Recommended,243120,26168437,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,#PlzStopSuck,So wierd and so awesome. These 8 hours was nothing for me. Impressive game.
,Recommended,243120,8528388,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Germany,this game is AMAZING!!!!!!!i have nothing bad to say about this game and all the good things would spoil the game. so well play it in black and white because if not your ruining the amazing expiriance. also i have a i5-4670K with intel hd 4600 graphics and i have to play this game on low settings to get a decent framerate
76561198055542950,Recommended,243120,9176461,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ByMySword,"Although not completed yet, this early access game provides a unique nuance unlike any other FPS on the market. An eerie Twilight Zone-esque scenario set against the backdrop of Colonial Virginia, this game will keep you guessing the entire time. With its instant immersion, the game keeps you asking WTF with its combination of the X-Files and a 17th century version of ""Who dunnit?. A unique aspect of the game is its option to play in black and white (with some red thrown in so that you may recognize key items, enemies, etc). With a plot that allows one to piece together murders utilizing Holmes-ian deduction themes along with bone chilling demonic thrills, you'll be wondering why they haven't made a FPS that allows you to shoot a muzzleloader until now!"
76561197970680839,Recommended,243120,14441870,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,sheckey,"This is a slow game that explores the folly of colonists that bring their petty and stupid actions with them to a new world.  (It makes me want to watch the movie ""Aguirre Wrath of God"" again.)  It is a small game and has more punch than most big ones.  I loved wandering the fields while exploring the maps, talking to Allison, and the slow transition of the fear of travelling the woods to eventually mastering that fear and becoming the hunter rather than the hunted.  There were things left unsaid and unfinished and I am totally fine with that.  There has to be some mystery left.  This game came out of nowhere and is like a piece of art.  Thanks!"
76561198067197719,Recommended,243120,23264111,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dr. Shotgun Surgeon,its a 5 dollar game with and incredibly fluid combat system and a very intersesting plot. for the price it gets a 10/10
,Recommended,243120,10963604,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Extremely unsettling atmosphere - Feels close to Silent Hill franchise+ Combat mechanics are simple and solid+ Visuals were well-received+ Excellent use of colors and contrast+ Clues throughout the game are well-written, the dialogue is terse and creepy+ Use of wind while sneaking was excellent and well-implemented+ Clues and collectibles were rewarding to collect- Sometimes feels like a walking simulator- Objectives are initially unclear; No objective markersLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,243120,32146983,Posted: 3 June,all,Del,This is rather unique in it's style and story. Ireally like it but sometimes it is unclear what you are supposed to do. Creepy premise. I can recommend this.
,Recommended,243120,16473060,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DINNYFORST,"Betrayer is first person action adventure game set in The New World, 1604. The player is set to a part of Colonial America where the horrific truths remain undiscovered. The game world is open area in each section which allow player to collect clues and search for better gear to survive from relentless world.The gameplay is about collecting clues and conducting investigations to learn the past of lost souls. Thus, it will reveal the truth behind the colony. Thanks to Blackpowder Games, who had worked on games F.E.A.R. for creating of two different worlds that allow player to switch and play major role to solve the puzzles. The silent New World is full of hostile conquistadores and Native American warriors while The Otherworld presents you an uncomfortable and depressed world as it stripped with black-white and red to indicate the important stuffs. It looks stylish and serves well on game theme, but you can adjust color saturation if it’s not your taste.The combat is simple FPS game, even on normal difficult. The enemies are deadly and straightforward in AI pattern. You need to take them out quickly which force player to use bow most of the time or rely on inconsistent stealth mechanic.There’s no voice narrative, all you need is to read from scarp papers to gain information and seeking for right NPC. The map marker and smart fast travel are useful enough to avoid player lost in track.Overall, Betrayer offers a short but impressive experience with unsetting and strong atmosphere. Although the combat is quite unbalance and puzzles are too simple, the feeling of horror/mysteries game love is back as the credit start to roll."
76561198044392519,Not Recommended,243120,23767039,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dug,"Betrayer does many things well. Great combat, graphics and a good concept. The combat flows well, the weapon types are different from each other and they all feel like how they should. The graphics (I played black and white because I'm a hipster) were actually my favourite part about the game. It's very neat, the models look fine and the whole black and white with the red to bring some contrast is just good to look at. The concept of being in the 17th century and♥♥♥♥♥♥is whatever, it could've been something great at least.But the thing is that Betrayer failed to keep me engaged with it's story for long. There are multiple reasons for this. First, the story... I couldn't tell you in detail what it is. You see ghosts and help them or something, then theres this red dressed girl who you interact with. Your interactions basically have nothing to do with anything, she just says some cliché♥♥♥♥♥♥about everything, and there's no consequences of what you say to her. Random ghost stories, that could be the name of the game, too bad it's boring after the 2nd one. It could've been actually interesting but the delivery is so poor that I couldn't bother. I just went on fighting monsters, at least that's fun... for a while. Unfortunately there is nothing new after the 2nd area. It becomes stale very quickly. I just ran to the treasures, killed any enemies I saw and that's it. Not very exciting. And that's basically the whole problem with the game. It's fun for 1 hour and then it just repeats itself. When you get to the ""climax"" you just don't care anymore. The endingjust he like the whole story, is an undeveloped joke. It's the pseudo ghost mystery♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean, it makes sense the girl doesnt want to let her sister go, but it could've been delivered somehow emotionally? But no, it's as bland as anything in this game. You can't even care about the girl because she acts like a robot the whole game.So yeah, good combat and graphic design, but basically no variety and story delivery/flow. It's 5 euros if not on sale.. but it's not a good game nonetheless."
,Recommended,243120,9632237,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Auzzii,"Outstabing game with an even better art directory. Love the feel of this game, i must admit i did♥♥♥♥♥♥some bricks whilst playing it."
,Recommended,243120,10613316,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wolf,"Storyline and style more than make up for any deficits in mechanics (which are few). Great game, better than you think it will be."
,Recommended,243120,9750943,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Betelgeuse,"Such a creepy, surreal little game. A brilliant example of what a strong indie development team can accomplish on a small budget. I'm already hoping that they make a sequel.The original black, white and red color scheme is the only way to enjoy this game. Unless you have bad eyesight I can't understand why anyone would want anything different. It cleverly captures the mood of the atmosphere. I also love how tolling the bell immediately puts the world into darkness where all kinds of sinister creatures and secrets lurk."
,Recommended,243120,13039061,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,hentai_priest,"Betrayer is an interesting take on survival horror genre. The developers trust the players enough not to lead them by the hand. The gamer is given quite a huge map to explore, filled to the brim with hidden fragments of a spooky story (or, rather, stories) to piece together. This leads to an amount of freedom not usually found in similar titles. Artsy graphics, ambient sounds and some good writing create a truly eerie atmosphere and add much to the experience.On the other hand, one of Betrayer's core mechanics — the stealth — is deeply flawed, and the overall gameplay starts to get repetitive towards the end.Nevertheless, a decent effort by a talented team."
76561197993332388,Not Recommended,243120,35035948,Posted: 17 September,all,Malice,"Can't recommend this one, sadly. Good looking environments, passable combat, but gameplay feels like a pointless grind, all leading to a pretty weak, head-scratching ending. The story is not intriguing or rich enough to string you along; there needs to be more purpose given to the player to keep exploring and moving from zone to zone. Game felt repetitive and tedious, WAY too much backtracking, and, honestly, this all created for a sometimes straight boring experience.Took a chance on this one and, unforunately, was left disappointed."
,Recommended,243120,11281355,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Bor Gullet The Truth Squid,Highly recommended! An interesting and atmospheric first person shooter/exploration game. Not without its quirks but makes up for it in charm and style.
76561198062311312,Recommended,243120,11172885,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,54e Kenta Ohlkenta,"Really good and different kind of game. The best thing about it is the fact that it makes use of the player not knowing what its all about, but that the goal is to find out more as you play. A quality that is uncommon in most of todays game, which in my opinion rely on the opposit: full information from the start. Great story and refreshing setting and gameplay!"
76561198014130015,Recommended,243120,10698266,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,yura37,"Most games released nowadays are a dissapointment to me. This game has been the first, in a long while, that I've enjoyed thoroughly. While this game isnt a 10/10, its damn near close.The first thing I want to talk about is the choice of lighting. When you start the game, the default lighting scheam was b&w with really dark shadows. Even with my computer's brightness turned up fairly high, many of the paths were too dark to see for me. I perfer seeing the detail in the shadows and like the game with colors, so I lowered the darkness and turned those on. The nature of the game changed a bit with just that. This is neither a good nor bad point; I mention this because some reviewers had ""struggles"" with the default settings but they are easy to change.For starters, this game is very intunitive, but doesn't spell everything out for you. There are hints and messages to tell you of completed sets of notes and chests per map, but it doesnt take you by the hand and play for you; something a few indie games do that puts me off. The ""listen"" feature is really cool to me and definitley a must ""over there."" The things you pick up and learn are concisely recorded in a journal that is easily managable and well marked.When I first started playing, the game quickly got creepy. Strange sounds, insane enemies, odd shifts in lighting and crazy mysteries, came at me in unison. The game isn't scary, and it doesn't try to come off as such. However, many of its spooky/creepy aspects add to the action of the game to make it more enjoyable to play.There are a few things I don't like about this game. Most notably, this game has an eerie loneliness about it. The red maiden that you barely interact with doesn't help too much either. It still feels like a pointless you-vs-world kind of situation that I don't enjoy and, while I don't know how to solve this issue without ruining the atmosphere the game trys to create, it is an issue I have while playing it. Another problem I have is the bow. I've probably missed more arrows than I've hit. I was expecting this game to have drop or sway or at least SOME kind of innacturacy in the bow, so I'd always try to lead my shot or account for the distance, purely out of habit. Instead the arrow would go right where the cursor was aiming every time, unlesss I was a huge disstance away. I read that the devs used to have drop and took it away, which I think is a mistake and takes away from the integrity of the game.The audio for this game is phenomenal. It feels like it just fits. The only small problem I have with it is that the ramping isnt really gradual on the listen sounds. I would listen and hear just a small abnormality and then run over 10 feet and it would be echoing around my room. This is a very minor detail and doesn't really bother me too much.Another small thing I'd like to mention is the poinlessness of the tomahawks and explosives. It might just be me, but I haven't found a point to acutally use either on enemies so far, and I don't see myself using them in the future. In any situation I've had so far, using my guns/bow just seems like a better idea.Overall, this game leaves a unique impression, and is definitely very fun and intense. I'll update this review if I come up with more stuff as I play through the rest. So far, this is definiely something I'd recommend diving into."
,Recommended,243120,29342490,Posted: 18 January,all,v2446v,"Good game if you just want to run around collecting stuff and completing storiesIts cheap but its worth its price. Would be better if it  would have more things to do (like more enemies, different quest outcumes etc) overall i recommend"
,Recommended,243120,10959201,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ocelot,I really love feeling and atmosphere of this game.Unique visual style and perfect sound effect proving that this is game by people who made F.E.A.R.It's not the game mechanics or story that will amaze you but exploring this -again- unique world that immerse you in.
76561198028669974,Recommended,243120,11014778,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Wolfenox,"Got screamed at by a statue10/10Moving on though:- Immersive/edge-of-your-seat style atmosphere- Deep, engaging story and investigations (Shish gets spooky)- Simple controls and mechanics"
,Recommended,243120,31423907,Posted: 28 April,all,Dahaka,"Betrayer tells a tale in a different way than most games of the genre, you are not the hero, you are not the savior, you are there to recall the stories of a cursed land and the name of the game is a huge spoiler alert for each and every tale.The combat system is a bit poor in certain aspects, few enemies in the world map, unless there is some special attack trigger, the proyectiles are easy to dodge, but i like the reloading system which is pretty well made for the kind of weapons used durning Betrayer.Something that gives you a great impresion is the posibility (if you chose to use it) to play in black and white, which gives a different atmosphere to the game, far more grim.If you are looking for a game that tells a good story then Betrayer is the game you want, if you want CS GO look alike, this isnt for you."
,Recommended,243120,11323114,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,juanjava,"This game is GREAT!The background, plot and gameplay are just amazing. I just love the black & white (& red) palette, but you can adjust it to get a colorful world if you want to. Sounds are awesome too, the wind, screams, weep... and you really need to listen very carefully if you want to keep alive and advancing, finding clues and unlocking the plot. About the gameplay, it has has a lot of stealth. You can't just run because enemies will crush you.This is not a game for everyone... Is very dark, complex and confusing. You need to understand and follow clues to keep advancing. Sometimes you will walk in circles serching for items, notes... clues, but this game has ""something"" that makes running in circles a very comfortable and entertaining job."
76561197970024915,Recommended,243120,11085805,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,The Apostle,intriguing and sinister.  Despairing romp through the other worlds.  Explore and conquer this doomed place.  If you are looking for an alternative FPS give this a quick spin.
76561198022527186,Recommended,243120,28318326,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Hoofit,"Let me start by admitting something. I bought betrayer alongside other games during a sale, and then uninstalled it after less than an hour, finding it confusing and dying to a group of enemies frequently. It was only because I needed more playtime to get trading cards that I reinstalled and played it a bit more. I am very glad that I did.Betrayer is a very well done suspense game, a murder mystery or sets of murder mysteries if you like. It is more disconcerting and more eerie than it is terrifying. There is a great sense of foreboding in the game helped by a very interesting and pretty black and white, with red hints, pallet.Each area of the game has a certain story to it, whether it be the burning of a woman falsely accused of being a witch or a father’s desire to do anything to preserve his family’s honour. You investigate, reading notes, finding clues and discovering what’s happened to the inhabitants. Sometimes you fight Spanish conquistadors, sometimes humanoid ash creatures and sometimes skeletal opposition.Like a lot of games you start off with very mediocre weapons, can only carry a very small amount of ammunition, water (health) and bombs and so it can start off tricky. But using the stealth system and then eventually gaining better equipment means it becomes more manageable later on. The weapons are interesting (crossbows, bows, muskets and pistols) and thematic, muskets hit hard but have an agonising reload time, for instance.Yet the decent combat, takes a backseat to the story, the mystery of the New World settlements and what happened to them. This isn’t a game that holds your hand, with an unclear sense of what you should be doing prevalent throughout the game; it’s what put me off originally and some of the negative reviews reference the lack of direction. I think that this works for this game and with a new patch if you want to you can see where most (not all) of the places and items of note are on the map.For the price, especially on sale, this is an absolute steal. An atmospheric story telling game of mystery, discovery and a not in your face sense of horror. The ending divides opinion a bit, I won’t spoilt it but it is short/abrupt. Betrayer isn’t really a traditional shooter and its lack of an obvious sense of direction isn’t for everyone. For those that like mystery, suspense, a story that you discover rather than are told, I can’t recommend Betrayer enough."
,Recommended,243120,11812810,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Blackpot,"3 Options we have here people. Start game, settings and quit game. So classic, so awesome, no useless extras, just the minimalistic perfection. Graphics of the game is so unique, starting as a black and white adventure although you have the option to add colors, it is not recommended. Later on we will have the opportunity to travel to a the dead world which is incredible, the lights and shadows creating an atmospheric feeling that sadly being ruined by the clumsy enemy animations, which brings back memories from the games of 2000's. In fact they are terrible. Perhaps the biggest problem is  the lack of music, not to mention the lame enemy, and the non-existing conversation voices. Thats not why i like it. Rather because of the engaging story, witnessing the life and deciding the fate of the dead people at the land of endless horrors makes the whole event so personal.The game is good overall, achievements are working, and the Dev crew is so nice and helpful, despite of that, it is not yet recommended to buy before sale."
,Recommended,243120,25232510,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Snowfalk,Interesting concept and a work of art. Loved the game and would like to see a sequel.
,Recommended,243120,16305271,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kalmaved,"""I remember now."""
76561198035005384,Recommended,243120,15817877,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,TechPriest44,"It's not just that this game is currently cheap, it's also really, really good and interesting."
,Recommended,243120,10894739,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,fitzayyy,"A spectacular game!-Amazing visuals and sounds-so pretty, unique and original-no load times when fast travelling!-great and imaginative story-makes me feel smart for finding clues-and finally immersive and scary+A great work here!, buy it if you can :)"
,Recommended,243120,30780052,Posted: 27 March,all,Buddhavip,"I'm not gonna lie, I started playing this game just to get it completed and all the achievements finished. That being said, I never really heard much about Betrayer and think it far exceeded my expectations. You can play this in black and white, or turn the color saturation to max and let the visuals really shine. I thought some parts got to be very repetitive, but solving some of the mysterys really kept me pushing through it. Each zone you get to seemed to present a new enemy. I really enjoyed the combat and thought it gave you plenty of options. Like others have stated, the ending was a bit strange and definitely leaves you asking some questions. So if you're on the fence about it, pick it up when it's on sale. This game should not be overlooked and I wish I had heard more about it before I started playing."
76561198006986577,Recommended,243120,25355791,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"Betrayer is a relatively generic stealth horror fps.  That's not to say it isn't good, because it is.  It has a certain charm to it despite everything being somewhat run-of-the-mill.  The aesthetic is fantastic, playing in black and white with red accents is something different and it's sets a good tone.  The horror element is pretty well done too, especially with the story(ies).  If you're a fan of ninja-ing around with a bow and arrow with a bit of unnerving intensity, do it."
,Recommended,243120,12229329,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Deathsythe,"Betrayer amounts to a slow burn ghost story. Any expectation of a high suspense thriller, big set pieces, or even many jump scares should be set aside. Instead, the game focuses on a very deliberate theme of exploration and investigation.In terms of presentation Betrayer uses a black and white palette with slashes of red and shimmering effects to call attention to objects of interest. An alternate reality may be accessed early on that changes the scenery to an even more bizarre inky version of itself. While there may be complaints about the high contrast or crushed blacks, it is likely a good idea to give the default setting a chance before tinkering with colors or levels. The intended graphical style is an impressive companion for the tale being told.Similarly, the audio design deserves special credit. The player often hears an enemy or object before they see it. In addition a certain item allows for areas of interest to be ""heard"" from a distance and zoned in on. This helps to substantially reduce the potential of the game becoming simple meandering.It quickly becomes apparent that combat itself is not particularly the point of Betrayer. It is often fast and brutal. Stealth tends to lend the greatest rewards and is quite satisfying. Death is only lightly punished (there is an option to make it more severe) making mistakes mostly a nonissue. The enemies, while limited, offer certain unique behaviors though all seem to resort to running straight at the player eventually.As for the meat of the game - the investigations - they serve mostly as a vehicle to relate the story to the player. The writing paints a rather bleak picture that was compelling to see through to the end. That said, on a mechanical level, investigations left something to be desired. It mostly boils down to finding an object, then taking the item to a npc who tells you about it or an event involving it. There is no ability to make inferences or mistakes. The player is simply lead to an object (via sound) then lead to whom they should speak to about said item (again, via sound).Another small annoyance is the map. While perfectly serviceable, a game with so much ground to cover would have greatly benefited from an ability to mark points of interest (chests and the like) to return to later. Another weak point is enemy designs. As a whole the creatures in the game simply come off as a bit flat and uninspired.Overall, Betrayer is a worthwhile experience. If given patience, as well as a proper understanding of just how to play the game, it offers an interesting tale to slowly unravel. It is not without its flaws, but none of them are severe enough to drag the entire experience down."
76561198033340053,Recommended,243120,9650931,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,LocalFire,"Betrayer: Action, FPS Horror, Exploration, Mystery, all rolled into one game.You find yourself shipwrecked and go to the new english colony in the new world only to find all its inhabitants are gone.Seek after clues to find out what happened here, in this survial/adventure/mystery/horror.The most immediately obvious feature of note is the games art which is in black and white with red highlights, is visually striking and conveys information of note to the player though these visual signals. However it can cause the game world feel dull and sterile after a time and thankfully there is an option for the game to be switched to full colour.The game is semi open and each zone is large with many thing to find, hopefully leading to the discovery of what happened to the lost colony, However most of these clues boil down to finding notes and objects, which when assembled automatically avance the story with out input from the player, as long as you have the relevant clues the mysteries auto solve as is too often the case with mystery games, the mysteries in themselves are however enjoyable enough to compensate for this.But probably the biggest element you're interested in, is that of Horror. Monsters deal alot of damage and can kill you quickly, this is balanced by the fact that they in turn can killed quickly by the player. In fact the very first monster encountered in the tutorial is one shotted and this unfortunately kills that horror vibe as the monsters never seem threating afterwards.Its a shame to because the period weapons are done well, the slow reload on a musket can add some genuine tension as the shot alerts all nearby enemies and they rush you, the fact that they are a one shot to most enemies is balanced by the large numbers in an area. The obvious strategy then would be to use stealth to thin the ranks with silent bow weapons before engaging, but bows are unreliable and can arrows might bounce off armour, which wouldn't be bad as it could again add tension to the moment, except for the comedic clang sound when this happens.I had briefly thought that maybe using melee only would improve this but as it turns out its actually easier to slash with your knife that to shoot anyone.All of this makes the game seem poor until you reach the dark world sections the sudden trasistion to this other world is startling and as the world breaths it adds a serious creep factor, monsters here are more accurate and deadly and could be a threat forcing stealth to avoid these creatures, but they tend to appear in unavoidable ambushes which encourages players to simply run about without worry. A similar problem occurs with future enemies who also seem to want to encourage stealth but end up encouraging the opposite.All in all it seems like the bad would outweigh the good but theres still much here to reccommend, the art, the atmosphere and the weapons are enjoyable and the game is too, you just might not want to go all the way with this one, Play it until you're done rather than to finish."
76561198032065705,Recommended,243120,24242033,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jack_Wagon,"A lower-budget Far Cry in the 17th Century. I wouldn't say it's the scariest game I've ever played, but the fact that you and one other NPC are the only living, sane people in this colony gives it an eerie, suspenseful atmosphere. It has many murder mystery quests as well. The combat and stealth mechanics are a lot of fun, forcing you to think ahead. Finally, the graphics are impressive given its indie status."
,Recommended,243120,9726120,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,endless samness of the plain,"I'm really enjoying this game ""quick! the musket! phew cabin boy Jim, we must make haste to Spy Glass hill for the Spanish shall be on our trail."" ---------It's like Treasure Island + Aguire Wrath of God * an old Acorn black and white adventure(or in gleaming colour should you choose)Very atmospheric and lots of fun and .... maddenigly difficult (untill you get good with the musket load and pistol)it's different, which is a miracle these days."
76561198038281308,Recommended,243120,9760217,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,gdiguy103,"Betrayer is a game I have been waiting for awhile. It has been a very long time that a first person game has filled me with such dread and I am fully decked out with bows and arrows, crossbows, flintlocks, and tomahawks! It is amazing what a small team was able to accomplish especially with regards to the audio. The hisses of restless spirits, creaking of the walking dead, the groans of marauding Conquistadors, and the whistling of ""naturals"" create a soundscape where every encounter is filled with great risk and peril. Exploration can be very rewarding resulting in the discovery of loot of all types.The art style is excellent. While the graphics aren't gorgeous, what's there is impressive be it English log cabins, native straw huts, varied geometry in the terrain, and well animated adversaries. I felt like I was taking a hike in the twilight zone, even using rocks and foilage to hide from my foes to ambush them with throwing axes and a hail of arrows. Heck I'd channel Natty Bumpo and fire off one of my many muskets to draw attention to myself. The AI is decent even if simplistic. Enemies will try to turn you into a human porcupine, hack you to bits, rend flesh with claws, lodge razer sharp bones into your flesh, or blast you with unholy bolts. Trust me, they're not trying to hug you!What I didn't like was how annoying it was to go about discovering chests. Sure there's a chiming sound when you get close to an object of interest and they glow or blink red form afar, but in all seriousness I often overlooked things. An enterprising player collaborated with other explorers to take a screen shot of the map of each region with a legend of points of interest like loot. I love treasure! Even though I love the audio, the game is best played with headphones or a good surround set up. Even then I suggest on turning on visualization of audio cues. Running around spamming the ""listen"" button wasn't too much fun.Combat is simplistic and felt suprisingly authentic. Except for the ultra accurate smoothbore flintlocks. Yeah their range was relatively far, but the dude you're playing as fires accurately and loads like a man possesed (or on drugs). Not that I'm complaining too much, in RL (real-life) it takes roughly thirty seconds to get your muzzle loaded musket ready for firing and that's if nobody's shooting at you, there's no yelling, or people trying to stab you with bayonets (which weren't invented yet). A lack of spear toting and halberd wielding enemies was a bit suprising, but a dagger is still plenty deadly. Things get easier with the discovery of new weapons my favorite being the crossbow. If you get decent at leading enemies and catch them before they enter melee the game isn't quite a breeze, but it's rewarding to keep cool under pressure.All in all I'd give the game an 8/10. A bigger budget and more staff would have made this diamond in the rough into a gem."
,Recommended,243120,9923717,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Fleshtrap,"Betrayer has become one of the greatest adventures I have ever been a part of.Right from the start the mysterious atmosphere makes you feel wary, exploring the dark miasma ahead will bring even more acute sensations of fear and emotion, all within a wide basin of wonder.The game plays like Skyrim+Bioshock+Bit of Demon's Souls, to reach end credits it took me just shy of 16 hours of play.Experience and support this game or games like this one, I fear we all lack a sense of adventure."
76561198250272410,Recommended,243120,24199063,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Zeitgeist,"I've played through the first map (excluding the ""tutorial"" map) and this game is both a fun and a very difficult FPS! When I say difficult, I mean once an enemy notices you, I often find it almost impossible to hit it! After doing something (no spoilers, so I'll be vague) you're still in the same map, but the game completely changes. One of my favorite games in my library 9.5/10"
,Recommended,243120,27315951,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dead Palette,This is a game for people that think walking simulators need occasional tension-filled action moments. The story goes great places with a wonderful under-explored setting. The monster designs are super metal. I can't suggest this one enough.
,Recommended,243120,9001440,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Posix,Really like this game so far! I will note there is only 2-3 hours of gameplay currently available.  I wish the developers would release at least a status update.
,Recommended,243120,28116701,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Scout2810,"Gameplay can be a bit tedious at times and the objectives are not always clear so if you are looking for a game that tells you exactly what to do or where to go this game may not be for you. With that being said if that does not scare you away the times inbetween the objectives really add to the erie alone feeling you get playing this game just as the plot suggests. As far as general scary moments that you would associate with the horror genre this game is lacking but the atomosphere and traveling between reality and the ""other world"" makes the horror feeling undeniably present. The colors and texture add to the immersion into your environment and make the sometimes boring exploration enjoyable This includes the option to customize the color of your world between a more realistic color scheme all the way to black and white which seems to magnify the texture and detail of the already beautiful level design.  Betrayer relies on your curiousity and your drive to reveal more and more of the story and of your objective as you go along. Definitely a steal for the price, sure to give you hours of game play if you allow yourself to be drawn into to the unique story and environment."
,Recommended,243120,9561062,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,-GEM- Ω Childofdagon,"I loved Betrayer from the first second i saw it and that was an early stage of greenlight where you could find only a few titles. Now you find hundreds and this game still feels unique and for sure it is. Betrayer plays in a monochrome world with some coloured parts like in the movie Sin city. And it's fullfilled with things to find like notes for your investigations, different enemys and areas to explore, during your tactical FPS gameplay. A unique game feeling where you have to switch between two worlds, the light and the dark to accomplish your mission(s) and the difficulty reminds me a bit on dark souls. Betrayer is a real Game it will challenge and mesmerize you."" I'm still waiting in the darkness, i hope she will talk to me soon. """
,Recommended,243120,22990468,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Captain Laserbash,"One of the strangest, jankiest, and somehow most rewarding games I've played.  Makes me think what of the STALKER series.  Its slow pace can be a little offputting, but I'd really reccomend sticking with it to see if it can get underneath your skin the way it did mine."
76561198027794324,Recommended,243120,10681145,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Metalsaur,"Intresting story, fun and challenging enemies, A really good game:)"
,Recommended,243120,23299972,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Zerdath,Tough fps rpg with a unique style in an exceedingly rare setting. A bit light on the rpg aspect for my taste. It's kind of like a fusion of Dark Souls and something Elder Scrolls-ian. 10/10 on the audio work setting the atmosphere.
,Recommended,243120,14721019,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Maelkstrom,"""Betrayer"" is basically ""Skyrim"" for elderly people like myself who don't need games to be so damned extensive. We've got dishes to wash, cats to shoo away from touching your potted plants, cat vomit to wipe and sometimes it's fun enough to play with another living being (a cat)."
76561197971004093,Recommended,243120,9645030,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,ZombieFeet,"Great game, purchased this not expecting much and was i wrong? Yes ! From starting the game first time i was going to give it five minutes 4 hours later i decided to have a break, if you want a mysterious creepy single player game with bows and arrows muskets crossbows and hatchets you cant go wrong here, A indie developer showing the triple A game makers how its supposed to be done, 10/10Take it easy and stay safePeace"
76561198000941352,Recommended,243120,9624910,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Broken Iris,A game that is dripping in atmosphere. A game that doesn't rely on the cheap jump scare but has that looming terror of what's making that noise. Actually has good controls! A little mystery and exploration. Glad I made the purchase!
,Recommended,243120,9628095,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Crokoking,"Pretty cool game with a really nice creepy atmosphere - the graphics style and execution is amazing.The game never gets too scary though since combat isnt very hard. Having to sneak more would have helped the atmosphere.  Also i think it would have been really nice to get voice acting in a few places - there is quite a bit of reading if you want to know whats going on.The system to find interesting stuff by ""listening"" is really well done - a lot of information is conveyed via sound.One other point is that the system gets a tad repetetive after the first few levels. The game is split into a number of pretty big areas but there is always only one next area to go to. There is also fast-travelling which helps a lot.All in all i'd say the game could use a few tweaks but its pretty amazing - and the price is fair for about 8 hours of gameplay"
,Recommended,243120,9626351,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Questerdaniel,"This game is like a adventure game with Dark souls elements inside( to myself ). The game is fun and the combat is so intense, but I gotta say this game is too repeative after a while and feels like half way done ( I purchased this game from beta ). They just need to make the RPG element more complex and with more enemies and more maps( dont always make the map looks same, I mean dont just make this  game only has forest and fort, that's easy to get bored ), more story, and better missions,  And this game will become a 9/10 work I think.just please you can make DLC or whatever. Just dont waste this game, please. This game can be real badass!"
76561197997357698,Recommended,243120,9631291,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,cobalt,"Best game I've played in a long time, if just for the atmosphere. The black/white/red made for a pretty different look, which I enjoyed, and the use of sound was great.Took about 9 hours to complete (not 100%), according to Steam. A few crashes in menus, but didn't find any other bugs."
76561197981548323,Recommended,243120,13520278,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Shonkawakan,"A bit simplistic, yet a very fine game, inside the limits of features, declared in its description.The in-game list of occupations consists of wondering the forests in the real plane and somewhat like a beyond-the-grave one, looking for items and clues you need to reveal what had happened here before you showed up, talking to the ghosts and shooting the undead and hostile spectres. A nice blend, i'd say. And completely corresponding to what was promised - an FPS action, an adventure and a horror game in one piece.The set of monsters is poor, and the story-telling is a bit too schematic, besides you could think in the beginning that the game's world is too empty for a nice one. Skip the latter, as you will get enough mobs and skirmishing soon. As for the first too faults - it's an indi game, besides, all the little it does have has been made perfectly. Nice picture, fine controls, exhilarating fast-pased fighting, scary undead guys(ones in the beyond-the grave plane at least).  I don't remember myself paying so much emotional reaction to the undead from games or movies since distant times when i first visited the Crypt of Inubis and other places, inhabited by walking skeletons and zombies in Gothic 2 (for those who remember that feeling). So images, sounds and a bad habit to show up suddenly of the undead are quite all right here, scary enough to feel good :).Maybe the way the undead look and sound here are the main dignities of the game, disguising all it's lacks, they're definitely more than worth seeing and hearing for those who seek that kind of show.Not sure about the game's high replayability though, yet i've had a lot of what i wanted from a horror game during my first play through, and gonna try it another time later.-----------------------------------Незатейливая но, тем не менее, в своем роде и в своей весовой категории отличная игра.Внутриигровой набор занятий состоит из блуждания по лесам в реальном и потустороннем плане, поиска предметов и улик, необходимых для расследования предшествовавших появлению в этом мире игрока событий, разговоров с привидениями и стрельбы по нежити и злым духам. Короче, неплохая смесь.В целом наблюдается полное соответствие списку: экшен от первого лица, адвенчер и хоррор.Бестиарий несколько скудноват, и подача истории немного схематична, к тому же в начале игровой мир может показаться несколько излишне для хорошей игры пустоватым. Но последнее больше кажется, основное время игры будет достаточно плотно забито стычками с противником, а в рамках заявленных составляющих, с учетом того, что это инди проект, все сделано на отлично. Картинка красивая, управление удобное, стрелять весело, нежить жуткая(та которая в потустороннем плане). Насчет эмоционального восприятия последней - не помню, чтобы что-то из игровой или кинематографической нежити производило на меня такое же сильное впечатление со времен первого посещения мной склепа Инубиса и прочих пещер и углов с серьезной нежитью Готике2, если кто в курсе о чем речь. С качеством образов, озвучкой и внезапными появлениями у нежити тут все в полном порядке, положенную жуть наводит :).Пожалуй изображение и озвучка нежити в потустороннем плане и есть главное достоинство игры, перекрывающее все ее недостатки, там реально есть на что посмотреть и что послушать по этой части.Не уверен насчет реиграбельности, но на первый раз точно не жалуюсь, и наверно потяну второй."
76561197982472164,Recommended,243120,12562111,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MintFlavored,"This has seriously been one of the most rewarding and intense game experiences I've had in a long time.  The graphics, the sounds, atmosphere down to the smallest detail draws you in and sets a mood that will make you want to barrel through all the way to the end. Even while not on sale I recommend this game to anyone who wants an immersive and pretty creepy experience."
,Recommended,243120,11316827,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,OptoNick,"It's not an average FPS from your library. Muskets and pistols from 17th century acts like they should and your hero is not the commandos with magical autohealing.It's not an average modern stealth action. If you can hear the enemy or see him from hundred meters away - so does he; they're not deaf and blind as it trended in stealth games nowadays. Enemies are smart but reckless, they'll track you down almost always, even if you'll run from them to the other end of the map.I was sceptical when got heard about this ""open-world horror action"". But the atmosphere of the game is really great - mysterious and grim, even in the bright daylight. I highly recommend to play this game in original black-white-red palette - your eyes will bleed, but it's worth it.Sound is also a big part of ambience and it's awesome: wind, birds, trees and grass, weapons, ****ed-up Spaniards, skeletons and wraiths. It'll sounds crazy, but lack of voice acting is not a flaw in this case - it makes the game even more surrealistic.Totally worth the full price (but I grabbed it with -80% at Summer Sale). The game that you'll remember even after few years."
,Recommended,243120,10683511,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Trivvy™,"A surprising gem! The visuals are enticing and a pleasure to look at, the gameplay challenging, the story quite profound and engaging. I did not regret picking this up, for £2.99 no less! I have no idea how long this game is, having only just started on the second ""area"", but nevertheless, I am enjoying my experience thus far."
,Recommended,243120,462792,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Jim2point0,This game needs to be seen in motion. It's surprisingly fun. I'm loving it so far.
76561197980054291,Recommended,243120,9702172,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Lucius Caesar,"Highly recommended. The sound design is pretty amazing and truly affects the gameplay. You can hear enemies exact position, and must listen for secrets and your objectives (play with headphones!). Other than that the world is beautiful wether you choose to play in black and white or in colour (I still haven't decided which I prefer...)Also while the game is by no means a horror, there is a constant feeling of wrongness with the world that is just the right amount of unsettling. And the dark world's atmosphere takes the creepy into overdrive.Overall this is a highly recommended game. The exploration is fun, the atmosphere is perfect and the sound based gameplay is refreshing and does a lot for the immersion. Some might complain the weapons are clunky as hell and they'd be right, but that's sort of the point, you are using 17th century muskets and pistols. That's not to say using them is not extremely satisfying though."
76561198064154064,Recommended,243120,27524142,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Peat and Growerful Triskie,"Nice thriller, good and original Adventure. Definitely worth it's price."
,Not Recommended,243120,18091254,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ViciousRaptor,"This game feels a lot like one big fetch-quest. I like the atmosphere (spooky!) but having a map that pretty much tells you where everything is and being forced to travel to locations twice (once in the normal mode and the second time in the alternate reality that the game allows you to switch to) seems like it is meant to drag the game on. The story seems interesting but the rather dull MMOFPS-like combat isn't doing it for me.The weapons are rather interesting and require good aim. Fortunately and unfortunately, the AI is dumb as bricks as it seems to get stuck behind objects a lot and gives up the chase when you run away.I immediately went into the colour correction menu after starting up the game as the black and white didn't do it for me at all. Kudos to the developer for allowing you to configure the game to your needs.I only played this for 20 minutes and already I realised that it was going to be one long haul of going here, doing that and bringing it back to base then going out again because something else needs a hauling. I couldn't recommend it as I generally do not enjoy these games, especially not when the combat is rather bland and the graphics rather outdated.On top of that, the game expects you to apply some sort of stealth. Unfortunately, this Raptor doesn't do stealth. It also seems to needlessly drag the game on even longer as you are forced to move at a snail's pace.I am thinking this game would have been better off being a Doom 3 clone than making you walk around all over the place. A missed opportunity."
,Recommended,243120,23731177,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Nuuskiss,"+ Interesting concept+ Beautiful graphics+ Can be played in idyllic black-and-white - or normal color rich setting+ Gives a few good shivers+ The arsenal of 17th centuary+ Fair price- Story is predictable and dry- Very simple action, which gets repeative too quick- Horror grows wearyBetrayer develeopment team ""Blackpowder Games"" is formed from veteran devs of Monolith Studios which is behind legendary games No One Leaves Forever and F.E.A.R.The game settles itself 1600s Virginian coast at the time of colonization, which is not too often seen in fps titles. The main character is nameless, presumably english captain and only survivor of sunken ship. The game doesn't spend too much time with more enlighten intro, but lets player jump into boots of this lonely seaman straight away.At the very beggining it comes clear that something has gone terribly wrong with both the english and the spanish settlements on the neighbourhood. Only friendly person with whom protogonist begins to cope is mysterious lady dressed in red.Betrayer merits highly on visual level - graphical desing is astonashing. I really loved how wind waved the trees and I could see every sprig shivering in gallantic spruces. The immersion is fulfilled because there is no background music and you can literally hear the wind blowing. I also loved how the color scheme could be set from full color -setting to default which shows only red colors and leaves everything else black and white.Gameplay in Betrayer works like in any typical fps. While the weapon arsenal is unusual and exotic I found fighting too simple. The enemy AI is not worst possible, but majority of melee enemies just rush at you from long distance which makes it easy to take them down with bow or gun depending on hostiles' strenght. While the gunpowder doesn't grow in trees I had no difficulties to survive.The game's biggest advandage lies in its horror feature and I admit having rather unconfortable moments when wandering in wilderness in night time/mode. The enemies lurking in there are more gruesome and surely got me scared a couple of times. However like in other action horror hybrids it is easy to get used to these dangers. Any boogieman or -woman can be killed and thus usually every new type of enemy may get one scared only a couple of times before killing them becomes a routine.If I could give this rating somewhere between good and bad I did. Betrayer has some features like already mentioned colour settings which I would gladly see in other games too. On the other hand either fighting nor freightning features last long enough which makes gameplay to flatten much too quick and even the story sorted out to be medicore after promising start.Eventually it is a price tag which lift's my thumb up - even higher if it's on sale."
,Recommended,243120,9336202,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Yoosha,"Betrayer is the type of game that the first time you play it you are like ""wtf this is stupid!"" But once you play it again, the next thing you know, you're addicted.Betrayer is a very original, immersive and intense game. All the intensity, quests, and details always want you to play more.9/10 game.Strongly reccomended."
76561198000359866,Not Recommended,243120,22583958,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,THAKILLAH!!!,"don't play this game with an amd driver 290 or higher, there is a driver related bug that exists already 2 years and still isn't fixed. it makes the game unplayable."
,Recommended,243120,18079606,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Audish,"Some games click with you immediately. Others you have to warm up to. Honestly, Betrayer was a cold fish the first time I played it. It was slow, it was repetitive, and it just wasn't something I felt like spending time on. But I put in the time, and it didn't take long before I started getting to the meat beneath the tough exterior.You awaken on a beach near a fort in the New World to find the place deserted and bestial conquistadors roaming the countryside. Your only friends are a mysterious lady in red, an equally mysterious merchant, and the sundry spirits haunting the fort and the wilderness. The game is assembled as an open-world mystery, where you are free to explore the VERY expansive map in search of answers, clues, trinkets, and gear scattered about. There's a great deal of walking to be done across the gorgeous environments, but there's a very handy and well-implemented fast travel system that cuts out some of the tedium.There are a few kinds of foes to face as you explore, and care must be taken in handling them. It's an FPS with a major, MAJOR emphasis on stealth and intelligent approaches to fights. Enemies have basically the same field of vision as you do and will spot you from across fields and valleys. They're just as fast and just as wily about getting hit, and your weapons are limited in their utility. However, shadows and underbrush can hide your approach, gusts of wind can muffle your footsteps, and headshots kill far more effectively. Your bow will be your best friend for much of the game, but the flintlock pistols and muskets have their uses in dispatching single enemies efficiently. You also get a one-hit kill tomahawk with limited range and explosives for when you're feeling overwhelmed. Combat is an involved experience and can get a little repetitive when you really want to get somewhere, but mastering it is a rewarding experience.The story is intriguing and should keep you moving forward to uncover more and more secrets about the mysterious world you find yourself in. Characters are well-written and there's a very useful journal which holds all your clues and profiles and investigations. There are plenty of items to find, including plot items, interesting trinkets, and equippable gear that improves your abilities. You'll also be helped along by some clever systems like listening for ghostly echoes to point you to places of interest. The sound design is excellent and important, so make sure you have good directional speakers or headphones for this one.Above all, the atmosphere is top-notch. It's desolate and confounding despite the simple setting, and the graphics push it even further (and can be completely reconfigured, including playing in color, if you don't like them). Betrayer is not a hard game to play but it can be hard to get into, the way it marries open-world exploration and low-tech combat. It risks becoming repetitive at times, but it is most definitely worth experiencing."
76561198049733975,Recommended,243120,14464718,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Son of Simon,Good game.
,Not Recommended,243120,18192775,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dominant Chris,"Betrayer relies way to much on collectables and text with ghosts and npcs to try to tell a story, That already rings alarm bells, first of all you've already forced the player into a collecting chore. Nobody buys a game just to collect items.The game has 7 areas, and in each area you just collect, collect & collect, to progress through the game you need to get rid of corruption by fighting ""A"" wave of monsters and there's usually only about 5-6 minimum,(you do this about 3-4 per areas) not that difficult. To get the ending everything must be done expect for collecting loot from chests, That means a lot of backtracking.You get access to a shop which you can purchase various items such as crossbows,shortbows,longbows,muskets,pistols and these stat boosters, you can hold up to three weapons and three stat boosters but to be honest some of the stat boosters do jack sh!t I think the only two decent ones I came across were the reload 20% and 200% melee damage.I think this could have been a better game it was executed pretty poorly, and i cant really call it a horror game as well since its not at all scary, its got a spooky atmosphere to it but that's about it. I'd give it a 6 pots of gravy out of 10"
76561198064527406,Recommended,243120,10341514,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,TeeLight,"I started playing this game not knowing what I was getting myself into. I just saw the video on the Steam store page and figured it was worth a try. I'm really happy that I decided to get it. All in all it is a rather solid game. What got me interested were two things. I thought it looked amazing and I liked the idea of using the wind.I wasn't disappointed with how the game looked (especially when I maxed out the settings). It was so immersive to just wander around the different settings and marvel at how pretty it all was. The windwas more enjoyable on the asthetics side of things. As far as using it for stealth it was really only handy when I was going for the backstabber trophy. Beyond that I just did everything I could to keep my arrows on the mark. The plot was interesting too. I like that I needed to piece everything together. This game doesn't do any hand holding, and that was very appreciated on my end. It helped me feel more like I was exploring a new world, rather than feeling like I was being shown a new world. I will say though, that if you aren't the type to dig into every single nook and cranny and pick up everything in this game, EVERYTHING, then the plot could end up feeling more shallow.There is a draw back to the game though. The combat is pretty bad. The enemies are dumb as bricks, and that might be offensive to the bricks. Once you figure out where they usually are on each map, and what the different sounds mean, the game becomes much easier. For most of the game this aspect didn't really detract from my experience too much (well except when I looked a conquistador in the face, they just look weird). It really didn't become a chore until I started going for the combat achievements. Then this game became a slog. All because the enemies aren't interesting at all. If they could figure out a way to fix that this game would be amazing.If you're like me and you love games that let you explore this is a very good one. If you want a game that you can crank up to max settings and just be in awe of how pretty it all is (I recommend playing in color to get the full enjoyment) then this is the game for you. If you're looking for something that hands the plot to you in a direct manner, or if you're looking for solid combat, this is definitely not the game for you."
,Recommended,243120,10701578,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,G1itchKing,"Even though I haven't played this game much, it is still very fun and has a pretty cool plot. Will definitly play more later. 10/10"
76561198031289189,Recommended,243120,10695510,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JTwarfreak,"I enjoyed this game, it provides a creepy atmosphere filled with mystery. The stealth and combat are entertaining, and investigating for clues and treasure has its upside as well. The story wasn't too bad, but I feel like the game is missing a few things. I really hope Blackpowder could add more to the game, or a sequel wouldn't be a bad idea either. Anyways, this game was certainly worth my money, and certainly worth a try, but it isn't something that everyone will enjoy."
,Recommended,243120,11393303,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,wanasa,"This game scares the crap out of me, but is very addicting. The enemies are difficult from the nature of the weapons. There are no cheats for those, and you will ineviably die at some point. Stories could be fleshed out a bit more, but really great game."
76561198035922646,Recommended,243120,10770245,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Lunch Time,"This review was written 6/24/2014Betrayer is an interesting experience to say the least. With a combination of mystery puzzler, and survival elements (tough enemies and limited offensive capabilities), Betrayer provides a unique middle ground between the fps and the now popular ""run and hide"" horror games. This is not to say the game is scary (unless you're a tool) but it can be quite suspenseful and you might find yourself detouring around some of the larger enemies, this is especially true if you're running low on supplies.Gameplay (disclaimer: I only have 7 hours clocked in at the time of this review) consists mostly of walking around searching for clues, completing fetch quests for ghosts, and slaying enemies for loot (beware of the skeletons). For some this might seem rather... basic, well that might be true, everyone has different taste, but what Betrayer lacks in variety it makes up in... you guessed it, atmosphere (yeah I know, overused). All jokes aside, the ashen color pallet (adjustable) and intriguing minimalist radiant story elements provide a convincing sense of foreboding, which increases your immersion and the mystique of the cursed land you tred upon.Betrayer is still in early access, so it does have an unfinished quality to it, e.g. trails that lead nowhere, a very basic inventory and quest menu. Despite this, I haven’t run across any major bugs and the game seems well put together. Graphics settings are pretty standard, as mentioned above you can adjust the color saturation and view distance.In its current state, those who enjoy faster paced action packed ego shooters might not find Betrayer to be worth its non-sale price (about $20). Those who enjoy atmospheric interactive stories with some extra challenge thrown in would be well advised to give this one a shot, especially if it's on sale.Thanks for reading."
76561197995892156,Recommended,243120,10842057,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,holopoint,"I wasn't sure what to make of Betrayer when I first saw an advertisement for it a few months ago...a first-person action/adventure game set in the 1600's and rendered in a heavily contrasted, black and white environment similar in style to the wood etchings of the time period? Sounded interesting in the very least. The trailer was convincing too but it was still in Early Access on Steam and I wasn't in a pay-to-test mood so I put it on my Steam wishlist and promptly forgot about it.The Steam Summer Sale, 2014 re-acquainted me with this title and I was thrilled to pick it up for a mere $5.00 via the digital distributor. I dove into it immediately and became obsessed...'I awoke, washed up on shore as the waves lapped the stone-strewn beach around me. I immediately realized I must have sustained a head injury during the storm that tossed my ship against the rocks for I was color-blind! Dizzy, my head aching, I pulled myself from the sandy, salty froth that ebbed and flowed around me. I lurched to my feet and stumbled over to a nearby crate, still wobbly from my ordeal and headsore, shielding my eyes from spray of brine and piercing rays of sunlight alike.Armed with a sturdy tomahawk and an old longbow I stumbled through the surreal landscape my damaged eyes showed me, making my way towards Fort Henry, the coastal stronghold for the colonies I was sent to investigate for the Crown...'Indie developer Blackpowder Games has crafted an exquisite experience for anyone willing to brave the chiaroscuro the game initially presents to the player. The familiar control scheme and minimalistic interface become immersive strengths as the artistic design seemlessly meshes with the twitchy, responsiveness of the Unreal Engine, drawing you in with austere beauty and heart-pounding action alike. To top it off the story is very well done and relayed to the player through various elements ranging from visual clues to conversations with ghosts.After a while I got sick of the black and white motif and was pleasantly surprised to find the in-game visual options which allowed me to colorize the graphics and adjust contrast elements. Game developers often cut costs on graphics by skimping on texture quality and dressing their graphics in post-processing effects that cover up glaring flaws. This is NOT the case with Blackpowder Games and the colorized textures are very detailed, even up close.The sound design is also very well done and positional audio is relied upon often for clues and direction in the large, woodland areas that lend themselves to becoming lost in. Furthermore, I encountered no game-breaking bugs and the most annoying glitch I encountered was the graphical artifacting and tearing I found, which was mostly mollified via tweaking video settings.However immersive and compelling the game elements are, Betrayal has some negative aspects depending upon individual preferences. Weapons and the enemies you fight with them are very limited and there is not a huge variety of anything in the game world. The player is locked into the FPS perspective and there is no ability to zoom out with the camera, which can be tough on people who get motion sickness from such experiences. The combat is very twitchy and dodging enemy fire is important to survival thus hand-eye coordination is paramount to success in Betrayal. The in-game map is unmarkable and there is no mini-map overlay so keeping track of places of interest and your relative position in an area can be tedious.In summary, Betrayer is an excellent first effort from Blackpowder Games. It's a great example of what talented game developers can do with a limited budget and a time-tested game engine. Minimalism has been played to great strength in this title, resulting in an immersive experience populated by tragic tales, beautiful environments, thrilling combat, and expertly designed mechanics. A satisfying romp for any fan of FPS action/adventure games."
,Recommended,243120,11446045,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Aster,"Betrayer is an atmospheric survival horror / exploration game. The exploration and survival combination is nice. It doesn't suffer from the ""I shouldn't explore anywhere I don't have to because I'll run out of matches/batteries/bullets"" annoyance of most survival horror games. The visuals are interesting, the high contrast black and white makes it difficult to pick out enemies at a distance. The story is intriguing as you uncover it through clues. The only downside is that it can get fairly repetitive. I'd recommend grabbing Betrayer, although not at $20, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,243120,10468589,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,The Bone Daddy,"Betrayer, a name which will forever conjure forth images of enraged spirits, the haunted screams of a corrupted Totem Pole, and so many deaths by Musket - all of which were due to my own lack of paying attention. To be short, sweet, and simple, the game is a masterpiece of ambient noise and well-thought quests which leave me fighting off sleep in a desperate attempt to discover just how far things went South before I, too, meet the fate of many a Native , colonist, and Spaniard. This speaks volume considering it is Early Access. Buy this game, contribute, and be taken away into a mystery to rival the greats."
,Recommended,243120,13740301,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ChuckleBags,"Betrayer is full of betrayals (as one might expect), most of which are discovered in the course of playing through this intriguingly visual mystery first person adventure stealth shooter all the way to the end.You awaken, shipwrecked on the shore of pre-colonial North America, the world around you rendered in vivid black and white with bare highlights of red. This art design decision works well to frame the story, but also describes the almost exclusively binary decisions you'll have to make in the game. You can change the visual settings if you wish, but I recommend playing at least once with the original settings.Walking to the British colony to which you were traveling, you'll encounter hostile Spanish troops, and maybe catch a fleeting glimpse of the local natives who reportedly still populate this quiet land. There are also, other... things. Guttural sounds, glimpses through the underbrush. Something here is displeased at your presence. Best to keep moving.Overall, the story is fairly muted within the gameplay. You can have frequent conversations with game characters, who offer cryptic clues to the story. Combat with the limited period weaponry is the same throughout the game, although you can find/buy better versions. A few useful items you discover allow you to sense things others cannot, almost mystically.A HUD compass at the top middle of the screen shows your heading and any discovered locations in the current region. You can use a map to fast travel among them as well. This is very helpful as the game regions are all open and explorable. Many additional details can be found if you explore outside the beaten paths.The sound design is excellent, as it must be since a crucial game mechanic relies on listening. To find clues, stop and use the “listen” key (once you've acquired the item that let's you hear things that others cannot).When you “listen”, if there is anything to be heard, you'll hear a low sound from the direction of undiscovered items. On the compass' right and left edges will appear guides indicating if the sound is stronger from your right or from your left. It will make sense when you use it.It can be easy to lose track of your purpose, but these are three things you should remember:1 - Your journal is pretty thorough. Check it frequently.2 - You can “listen” for locations of characters and hidden objects. This is crucial to resolving the story.3 - You can ring the village bell to move from the daylight world to a world of twilight, each world having its own clues and mysteries, most of which all tie well together in the end.The game's pace is deliberately slow and combat is infrequent unless you're careless. When you hear the howl of an enemy who has just discovered you, there are a few frantic moments as you look around trying to see from which direction the threat is approaching.But that's about the height of “excitement” in this wonderfully atmospheric game. I took a chance on this game because it offered a fresh look, and it makes for an enjoyable few hours to pull the story bits together until the final betrayal. I'm glad I did as it's well worth trying."
76561198007811071,Recommended,243120,10745375,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dg16dg,dark souls new world fps editionskeletons includedpc excluse ;j
,Recommended,243120,10943081,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,meegs,"Interesting story line, really enjoying it so far! Combat's a bit repetitive, but as I progress through the story I'm sure more enemies will appear."
,Recommended,243120,12005255,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,cigarettes,"Mystery, intrigue, atmosphere, are all key words when describing Betrayer. A well written and thoroughly engrossing adventure/survival ""horror"" game (Horror in quotes because as accurate as it is, it really was not that scary). The gameplay was fun and engaging, the story was interesting, and the graphics were beautiful. My only gripe with this title would have to be that it dragged on for far longer than it had to. Do not get me wrong, I enjoyed every minute of it, but I think it could have been boiled down to a shorter more polished experience. Nonetheless, I loved it. Recommended."
,Recommended,243120,10915779,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,V.S,I love the black and white feel to it. Also looks like Skyrim a little bit
,Recommended,243120,10988873,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[HTT] im wooser,"It's real cool and pretty yall. Storytelling is well done, no cutscenes or voice acting and a consistent theme. I just really like it cause its so atmospheric and ties that into the gameplay well. Best played at night with no music or background noise and in default greyscale. Good Stuff Real Good Yeah"
,Recommended,243120,10890651,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Benedict,"Hell yes!What do I like: The sound effects, atmosphere, hardcore combat system, wind, enemy AI, game pacing, open map structure, many maps, stealth, graphics, UI options, alternate light-dark modes, exposition, foliage, attention to detail, rogue-lite optional, no voiceovers, well written text, secrets, quick load times between maps, no load times in maps, optional objective hints, rocks, quick travelWhat do I not like: lack of first person body (cmon guys!). Map should mark sites of interest, manually or automatically. Ummmmmm. Uhhhhhhh. Hmmmmmmmm...So yeah, hell yes!"
,Recommended,243120,11529958,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Hack/Slash,"""Betrayer is a stealth horror action-adventure played from a first-person perspective. It uses a monochrome art style that Eurogamer's Dan Whitehead described as ""undeniably striking"". The game has no clear missions or markers for quest objectives, aiming to initially perplex players by not providing a defined sense of direction. While progressing, any clues found are meticulously documented in the inventory windows. Similar to The Elder Scrolls series, players can quickly navigate from one location to another by clicking a point-of-interest icon on the game's map.""- Wikipedia page for BetrayerBetrayer has a lot of great things going for it. Its art direction, sound design and world creation are phenomenal. (In my personal opinion) One of my favorite things about this game is the enemy design. While most horror-esque games have the generic zombie, ghost or some mutated person this game has strange but intriguing designs. (aside from the skeletons although they have their own flair to make them their own thing.)The lighting and coloring to this game is great, although I did bump the color up to 0.5 or 1 just to have a dramatic contrast from the normal world to the dark world.One of my only issues with this game is about 30 minutes from the end I became completely lost. This was primarily due to the fact that I wasintoxicatedand skipping dialogue on accident, but that is beside the point. In all honestyI would give this game a 7.5 or 8/10. Solid indie game.TL;DR: Game is kinda spooky at times but still really good. Sound, music and art are great. Only bad thing I didn’t like was getting lost near the end. 8/10 would buy from Black Powder Games again."
,Recommended,243120,21532103,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,JRE,"Betrayer is an interesting and beautiful game, albeit repetitive and somewhat tiresome with all the fetching. The game is set in colonial America, which is refreshing and perfect for its mysterious setting-reminiscent of Roanoke Island. The atmosphere is desolate and haunting; your only companion is the wind blowing through the trees as you seek to discover where the colonists have gone. There's some stealth, a lot of running and killing, as well as gathering clues. You interact mostly with the dead, which is cool. I had a lot of fun playing the game though I had to resort to a walkthrough to finish it. Very well done. It's definitely worth it if you get it on sale."
76561198058622815,Recommended,243120,21415006,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,More-Gun Freeman,"Really great game played the demo awhile back thought it's was alright. Later saw the game was on sale for $0.99 so I thought what the hell, and so it sat in my steam library for about 2 months. Untill the other night, where I was craving a new adventure very badly. There she was shinning brightly through my eyes into my very soul. Booted her on up and never the less I fell in love really quick. Game has an open world feel to it even though there really isn't like a GIANT overworld just mainly open=ended level's where you have to explore and collect while solving the mystery of a young girl, and what happend to this new community that you were set to live in. Don't skimp up the exploring though you will regret it! for the story and survials sake! Shooting things and sneaking around is alot more satisfing than it is at first. Wait until you get the crossbow thats when the stealthy aspect of the game really heats up and makes you feel pretty good about sticking a spaniard in the eye with a bolt or 2. The game really can scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you as well and I just don't mean your cheesy jump scares that seem to destroy the naritve that is ""Horror"". But this game is all about atmosphere as it should be and that's what makes a good horror game for me. Your not waiting for the next jump scare to come out and scream in terror becasue you new it was coming but not when. In Betrayer very rarely will you come across a jump scare and it really scare's you because you don't expect it at all. Which is the beauty of this one. The only couple of problems I would have with the game is that it does feel like a collect fest at times some items do not have any real value and you find them to give to the ""Girl in Red"". Don't get me wrong here either though, a lot of the items you find do has value to a lot of the Wraiths you find and try help figure out who they are and what happend to this ""New World"". For a buck though?really you just cannot beat a game of this quality for a dollar.Verdict: 9/10"
,Recommended,243120,20609446,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,<HN> Atomic Playboy,"I just finished ""Betrayer"" a couple of days ago and I really enjoyed it.  It's a FPS set in the early 17th century in the New World, has an interesting story and fun gameplay with contemporary weapons that require some skill to manage.  (You can strafe with the hard-hitting musket and pistol, but both have longer reload times than the shortbow, which fires at a more traditional-to-current-shooters semi auto rate)  There are no different difficulty settings, and the game seemed a little overtuned to me since I usually play games on easy these days and enjoy the story, but I had a lot of fun adapting to the challenge.  If any of you decide to play the game, I'd recommend turning on colors.  (By default it's set in black and white, with important objects and enemies having red outlines to them)  While the black and white might seem artsy at first, (and enemies are slightly easier to see with the contrast) it started to give me a headache a couple of hours in, and the game looks really really nice in color.  I set the shader to 8/10, but your mileage may vary.  The game allows you to customize difficulty to a limited degree, with the option of showing all treasure sites on the map or searching for them, and an option for quasi-permadeath where your items stay on your corpse, and you lose everything on your corpse if you die before retrieving it.  (By default you retain items and gold when you die)The game also has a cool day/night system that you can activate by ringing a bell in the settlements you come across.  By day, you face soldiers from another nation in the wilderness, as well as giant spider-beasts.  By night, ghosts and skeletons wander the lands outside of the towns.  You have to complete objectives in both day and night to progress from one area to the next, and the nights are particularly spooky.My only complaints were that the ending was a little meh, and that the game boasted dynamic enemy respawns where when you die, the enemies in the zone respawn in random locations.  The problem was that it didn't work as advertised; there is one outpost where an enemy was outside the gates and charged me literally every time I fast-traveled there.  I made short work of him, but it made me question the game's programming.  Also, the game has limited replayability, although the devs put in Steam achievements to try to encourage players to keep going after the game ended.  (Kill 1000 enemies, etc.)Overall, I really enjoyed the game; it was original, beautiful, fun, and at times scary.  I had more fun playing it than I've had with many AAA titles, and I'd give it a solid 8.5/10."
76561198123441185,Recommended,243120,16691795,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mr. Freeze,"As a whole, I would recommend this game, especially if you pick it up during the steam summer/winter sale (I bought my copy for $4). This game is out of the ordinary, entertaining, and visually appealing. If you find yourself getting tired of the mainsteam games, and you wanna switch it up, then I would suggest picking this up."
76561197998305943,Recommended,243120,19847454,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,kikea,"dece old school style fps, 8hr to complete. a little on the long side maybe.you're (most likely) shipwrecked on a once habitated, now grim and desolate island, littered with abandoned villages and roaming ghouls and undead conquistadors etc. walk around, avoid or kill the undead and discover clues about the now deceased former occupants - all succumbing to extremely grim ends.Then find the ability to visit the spirit world. speak to these occupants first hand and cross reference stories between them - developing a kind of rashomon style detective story. help these wandering spectres get their♥♥♥♥♥♥straight. unfortunately i really couldn't be ♥♥♥♥ed to read more than a couple of these stories and skimming over them they all tell the same♥♥♥♥♥♥""this person was stabbed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥beaten/impaled by this person who then killed himself and his daughter'. I didn't really have a reason to care about these ghosts who all used identical models and simply used text to communicate. i just didn't find a reason to care. however, even skimming contributes to the atmosphere and i think atmosphere and a broad understanding of the story is all you need to enjoy it.forunately combat is super satisfying. old school fps mechanics with 1700s style weapons; bows, crossbows, pistols muskets that you gradually improve over the course of the game, as well as charms that boost your abilities (speed, attack, defense, reload speed etc). stealth exists and is pretty useful in early game. you find your role moving between hunter and survivor as you move through the areas (about 6 open areas with fast travel / loading screens between). final boss battle is challenging but fun af. which is what i want.style is cool. hand drawn maps are great, ui is nice to use. the red/greyscale drew me in initially but are just kind of ok. there's also a curious option to use full colour, as if they couldn't decide what to do. cool game, not amazing. 6/10? 6.5/10?"
76561198116922176,Recommended,243120,12305644,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,muunilinst,"Betrayer is a very solid game. I've noticed that most individuals who played the game like it a LOT more than the critics did. If you like open world games you'll like this. Horror fan? Yes, you'll enjoy this. The atmosphere and environment in this game is amazing. This game takes place in 1602 at fort henry. Give this game a chance. It's very unique and genuine."
,Recommended,243120,10941739,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,P. One,definetly worth a try.i have seen it on steam sale and thought i should give it a try.it has a nice athmosphere and looks well finished.underrated adventurgame.should be more publicated
,Recommended,243120,20500882,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hyzi0,Even though the game gets quite repetetive later on the story can intrigue you and gameplay itself is realy good.It's a shame this game hasn't got much attention cause for me it's relly well put together. Music and graphics are minimalistic but together they create amazing feeling of loneliness. Really enjoyed playing!
,Recommended,243120,21419108,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Sober_Bender,"Not a bad little indie game. Your basically spawned into the game on a beach and start wondering. Found myself wondering around the map looking for any form of clues on what to do before losing interest all together. Only fustrating part for me was no armour, did have fun taking out enemys in 2 hits though.I give it a 5 outta 10, looks good, wish it played better!"
,Recommended,243120,20653104,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,spaneika,"Paranormal investigator in colonial times. Spooky and well executed.  Combat can be unforgiving, but worth it to see it to its chilling conclusion.  4/5 graves."
76561198140741933,Recommended,243120,10692558,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,octoguy,"It's a simple game at best. The controls take a little getting used to, but controlling the character. The concept is easy enough after an hour of playing the game on what you need to do and how to do it. Personally, I like fisrt person shooter. I also like to RPGs. The mix of these two genres makes this experience pleasent for me. It's not an overwellming game (or a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game), but the game is pretty alright."
,Recommended,243120,12115539,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,ObiWannnabe,"Great atmosphere, interesting plot so long as you're willing to take the time to sort it out. If you're looking for non-stop shooting, look elsewhere. because this game requires a lot of patient exploration. However, I enjoyed it a great deal and even found the ending to be rewarding."
,Recommended,243120,14509701,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,HERO NOOB,this game is unplayable because whenever i try to scrap something i end up accidentally scrapping my main weapon
76561198029904609,Recommended,243120,10693817,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bear_storm,Tense. Minimalist. Atmospheric. It's like a colonial Silent Hill without all the tank controls.
,Recommended,243120,16255825,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Mongrel Senpai,"A well thought out, unique FPS with a good art style, great narrative, atmosphere and gameplay elements.For a 10$ pricetag, this game is a must.+ Great story and shocking ending+ Great pacing with both story and item revelation+ Ranged weapon combat (+projectile drop) are dead on+ Almost no bugs [Devs were on top of it when it came to bugfixes and support]+ Crisp controls+ Surreal visual artstyle- Inventory / Barter / Item system is pretty minimal but it gets the job done- The combat isn't too robust and allows the player only one basic melee attack while relying on ranged weapons such as bows, muskets and crossbows. Would have been sweet to have a halbred, broadsword or a pike."
,Recommended,243120,11187592,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Blondie,Brits Abroad Simulator 1600's
76561198004035690,Recommended,243120,22108854,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Joseph Ballin,"Execellent game, fantastic visuals, very well made, very ominious feel, kind of scary at first. The story was great, and I loved learned about the fate of multiple colonists, but I think it would be great if there was a cast of voice actors, to put more life into the characters. Wonderful game, totally worth the price."
,Recommended,243120,24146427,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FreddyK,"This was a great change of pace from your typical FPS.  Set in 1604 you arrive on the shores of America thinking you are joining a colony of English colonists, but instead find them all dead and the land devoid of color and Spanish ghosts and American Indians plaguing your every step.  Your only human companion is a girl wearing red who can't remember who she is.The weapons you use in this game are from the time period of the 17th century and are very fun to use.  There is no soundtrack and it is strange to wander the beautiful landscape with only the sound of bugs and the occasional gust of wind howling in your ears.  I would have liked a bit more closure to the story personally, but I would still recommend this to anyone who enjoys FPS games or American history, or horror/surviror games."
,Recommended,243120,14394109,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sakusen,"Unique design with an eerie atmosphere that gave me goosebumps.Great use of sound.Refreshing with less direction and tutorials, the game lets you explore the mechanics, story and world on your own.The murder mystery aspect of the game feels like it depends very little on you. You don’t figure anything out yourself, which is a shame.Very repetitive, combat is sadly not that engaging and enemy AI is pretty lame.Still recommended because it’s still a unique eerie experience and I still poured 10 hours into it despite the cons I listed."
,Recommended,243120,21866298,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"I wasn't sure what this game would be like to play (even after watching the trailers), and I'm pleasantly surprised. It's quite challenging (stealth and combat), with intuitive controls (I play it with a gamepad) and it looks rfantastic (good use of an Unreal engine). Besides that, it's interesting to explore and find clues and oddities about the world and the day/night switching is quite cool, too. If you enjoy survival/shooter/stealth games (like Fallout 4 or Far Cry 4) you will proably really like it and I highly recommend it! ****"
,Recommended,243120,21882657,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,CuriousRobot,"A strange blend of Dark Souls style mechanics, Thief style stealth, and open world item hunting. Included with that is the duality of being able to switch between dark and light worlds, each filled with their own pickups, threats and quests.The visuals are breathtaking (whether in colour or black, white and red), the setting is unique, the story is obtuse and will not hold your hand, and it's crushingly difficult at times. All in all, it's a winner. Well worth the low price you're bound to pay for it.Pro-tip: Turn up the colour saturation a bit for a harder experience, as the enemies and treasure pickups won't be as obviously visible anymore, and you'll have to rely on your keen sense of hearing."
76561198056817878,Recommended,243120,22300258,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,theweirdo61,"A great indie game. Beautiful art. Well put together story. I will say though that it does get a bit tedious but overall it's fun to play, a nice variety of weapons. Definitely worth a play."
76561197995667852,Recommended,243120,25262402,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jarbis,"I don't even know what to say. It is sort of a stealth/adventure/mystery/horror game. But the real horror isn't things popping out at you, or the creepy atmosphere (both exist). The story of what happened to the people on this island is what remains with me, like a piece of lead in my heart. I can not say I recommend it as a game, because the game here is fairly simple and mostly easy. But if you ever want to see a macabre story unfold voer 6-9 hours, Betrayer has you covered.As a side note, the stealth elements can be mostly ignored."
,Recommended,243120,25357300,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,thewetflamingo,"A brief summary of Betrayer:This game is an excellent buy, especially for the price. Steeped in mystery and leaving much to the imagination, you are cast into a dreamlike version of the New World. This game is delighfully macabre, and offers increasing variations of challenge.Despite what others may say about the game quickly losing flavor, I find that the various difficulty options give the game a little more depth. The game is somewhat strange to get used to at first, but you will quickly find yourself discovering exactly what you need to do next completely by accident. There is also an option to drop loot much like you do in Dark Souls when you die, making the game capable of greater difficulty on the hardest setting. The game explains very little, and some areas of the game will prey on your most primal fears as you creep through shadows and forests to find hidden clues and treasures, all the while wondering what might pop out at you next. The combat does offer a challenge at higher difficulty levels, and you will often feel panic set in as you are unexpectedly discovered by enemies, some that tactfully blend in with the environment.The game does play pretty quickly, but has decent replay value with the several difficuly options and the option to switch to full color mode as well (although I personally love the gritty black and white texture because it reminds me of old horror films). Honestly, for a $5.00 game, I was very satisfied with my purchase, and I think Blackpowder will come out with more great games in the future with a little support."
,Recommended,243120,22127388,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,holoandwolf,"3/29/2016despite my low play timei can say it is a very good gamefirst I thought it was just an action gamereminiscent of Mad Worldor of  that of the hack and slash dishwasher vampire smilebut with most of the color scheme of black,white and red it definitely adds to its atmosphere of fearhopefully I can play more and add to this"
,Recommended,243120,15838379,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Lukas,"I spawned on a beach and the first thing i thought was ""DAYUM THIS GAME LOOK NICE""I came in with really low expectations but this game really holds up!Pros:-Nice graphics-Good controls-display options-Different weps and enemy types-interesting story-very creepy-CheapCons:nothing major comes to mind.Conclusion: Good game I would recommend!Graphics and options: solid 9/10Controls: 9/10Audio: 8/10Great game!"
,Recommended,243120,11160968,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Cheshire,"One of the best games I've played in a long time, not a long game or even an overly story rich one (I like it! there just isn't enough of it). the player movment is smooth and traveling from A-B is really enjoyable. The combat is beyond words. The way bows handle and muskets fire is very refreshing and makes for a fun and well balanced game. 10/10 would bang."
76561197972072638,Recommended,243120,19640389,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,KoolKrax,"Part horror, part stealth, part open-world shenanigans. Great audio design also. Things I don't like, however, are the frequent backtracking and the poor variety of weapons and enemies, which is why I fear it will become rather repetitive in the long run (have only played a few hours so far). I would also recommend to adjust the color saturation since there is a game mechanism that bleeds the colors away anyway. The lush vegetation looks strikingly beautiful and should not be hidden behind that monochrome filter  all the time."
76561198002986817,Recommended,243120,18771775,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Phantom Virus,"This is quite a gem of a game. This game has many elements balled up into one. It has mystery, some horror, fighting, and exploration all in a Roanoke like experience. This game was really well done from such a small developer. Obviously it wasn't long enough for my taste but thats ok because it was such a steller game. My only complaint is that the fighting achievments were not so hard. The amount of people you have to kill for them is really high. Finishing the game I was only half way on all the fighting based achievments. Still, achievments aren't really my thing anyway so it all works out. Fantastic game that I highly reccomend. Also, you should start in black and white but eventually move to color."
,Recommended,243120,11349556,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Barely Drenched,Roanoke Island Simulator
,Recommended,243120,31241320,Posted: 19 April,all,Stabbers,"Worth it.This game uses muskets and flintlocks better than most. (going so far as to include a ram-rod for the former)The dark and edgy graphic style is matched perfectly by the narrative, but if you prefer your forests more green (i'm lookin' at you skyrim fans) the graphic options allow you to standardize things somewhat.in this game you'll collect clues, and investigate the sordid events around many inhabitants' deaths.the combat however, felt very detached, the damage one takes often happens without any ability to evade, and the reaction your character has correlates in no way to the damage taken. coupled with the instant, and infinite healing available, things often had no repurcussions.the sound design was amazing, and the lack of music constantly playing lead to a more immersive experience, but the stock 'BONK' noise from whack-a-mole whenever a shot would deflect was, albeit Comical as all get-out, but didn't seem to fit.If you're into dark games, stories, or agile women in red, check this out."
76561198031822734,Not Recommended,243120,15958538,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,The Internet,"Yea, I can't recommend this game.Everyone else is right, the graphics, setting, progression and combat, those are all spot on. The detective feel at first is excellent, and the mysterious anxiety provoking music and sound are spot on.HOWEVER, this game is first and foremost a story driven game. Everything else takes a back seat. Mainly because combat is repetitive and uncommon, there's only a handful of things to do and collect, and the exploration is tied to the story. SO all that considered, we can't say this game is focused on any of those things. So it has to be the story? RIGHT?Well here's my issue, the story is really just your character getting washed ashore and making your way to the first settlement. After this point, the game is solely focused on collecting evidence and investigating murders, but none of them have anything to do with the end result, and they don't have any affect on the game. The things you're doing amount to zero. You read all the dialogue, talk to everyone you need to, and for what? I feel like there's no reason, until the end.I'm not going to ruin the end, but did anyone else have an issue with that? WHAT THE HELL!??? Really? All that and no explanation of what the heck just happened? I'm all for suspense in endings but having nothing to do with the story at all, and not adding to the story is just a bad call. This game is good except for the story, but sadly the story is what this game is all about. If they had just taken a few seconds to read the story they were making, they'd definitely be like, ""yea we have to change some stuff around, it makes no sense!""It's not a horrible game, but at under 7 hours to complete and 6 of those hours are you running back and forth between maps, I just can't recommend it.I do recommend it if it's on sale, or if you are looking for a really unique take on investigative gaming, especially if you're into this time period."
,Recommended,243120,13857568,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Shine,"Pretty good all in all.-The lack of colours in the game gives it a very different feel from most. Features somewhat eerie elements but isn't really a horror game.- Significant amount of first person shooting, while performing supernatural investigations on the side.- Fairly interesting story and world with a great atmosphere.- Features a very neat use of audio, the player is required to listen carefully to know where enemies, and treasure is hidden. However, no real music is featured.-Skeletons."
,Recommended,243120,19496919,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,[GM]StarletteRai,"Best skyrim mods, can't tell if I'm here for the treasures or the investigation.Gameplay progression:Wish there were more varying horror jumpscare elements and enemies to play with still...currently its more of a run-around survival with no bosses or puzzles but its often more like grinding towards the next area to progress until the ending, exploration all seems long yet short kind of feeling on this one. Oh ye, visually horrofying.Combats areentertaining until you reaches late game where you won't have trouble in supplying ammos, stealths are kind of thrilling and fun.7.5/10 for the potentials and glitchiesDAT ONE ACHIEVEMENT THOUGH..."
76561198125453144,Recommended,243120,21412250,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Bellona,"Pros:DifferentUnique17th centrury weaponsGreat storyEasy steam achievementsGreat sound effects/background music. Gave me the chills, and made me jump several timesYOU CAN THROW A TOMOHAWK AT YOUR ENEMIESCons:Well... I literally thought for like 10 minutes on whats bad about this game..... The only thing I could come up with was that the muskeet takes a while to reload,  therefore I never used it. But that is actually realistic, so it's not necessarily a bad thing..."
76561198003469036,Recommended,243120,14172186,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dread Guacamole,"Betrayer is one of the better horror games out there. You roam across large maps, fighting against wandering undead and piecing together both the history of a lost colony and what you need to do to making things right again. This might be my favorite thing here - you don't just work out the story, you also have to work out how you go about to make things happen.The writing is excellent, it looks gorgeous, and the gameplay is pretty unique. It's a bit obtuse, but by design; a hugely rewarding game if you decide to stick with it."
,Recommended,243120,31089796,Posted: 11 April,all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Betrayer is a very odd game.  I don't really know where to even start with this game without going off on too many random tangents.  I think the main thing is that the game has a solid foundation, but it comes up short in various ways.    With that said, Im going to keep this short and do a Plus/Minus style review while adding some final thoughts at the end.Pros:Interesting world with some things to exploreunique visual style that can be used to give the game a very creepy feel to itRuns very smoothly even though graphics are ok lookingEasily get your money's worth when it comes to hour/dollarGood time kiler if you want something to pick up and play for a couple hoursCons:Confusing story that trys yet failsNo dialogue between you and the only person (Red hood woman) in the gameStealth mechanics are not that goodNot many weapons to use and gameplay revolves around using the same attack format basicallyFinal Thoughts:I still recommend this because for 5 bucks, you got yourself a few hours of entertainment.  The gameplay is not the best and the stealth is a good attempt, but there is just not that much to do, at all.   There are interesting things going on like using the wind as a way to sprint without being heard, jumping between a Light and Dark world, and some annoying but fun enemies.   But in the end, it just feels like a very good indie type of game.  And thats isnt a dismiss of indie games, it just means that the game is enjoyable, but don't expect to get blown away.  Oh, if you are someone who likes defined goals like Go to X then go to Y, then you will not enjoy this because there is little to none of that."
76561197983740996,Recommended,243120,11098197,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Chane,"Betrayer put me on quite an emotional roller coaster. The first few hours filled me with enthusiasm and excitement and the well known wow effect that arises when starting to explore a new world. The atmosphere of the game is fantastic and the black and white setting strongly supports that.After reaching my first outpost, fighting off a few foes and making contact with the first supernatural elements in the game I found myself completely stranded. I was about four hours into the game, had searched the first map several times and was completely frustrated because I had no idea how to carry on from here. I had missed something important, but I was not aware of that and so the only way to carry on was to search the net. And I really hate it if a game leaves you so helpless that you have to search the net for help. At that point my frustration over the game was as big as my initial joy. I even thought about stopping to play Betrayer altogether.Once I found out how to continue I learned the general pattern of the game and what is expected of you. A huge part of the game is exploring big forest areas in search of clues, chests, weapons, hints. Besides that you meet quite a number of wraiths, lost remains of British settlers that all have their own story to tell. Naturally, it is up to the player to uncover the secrets behind these stories.This part of the game is actually fun. Either if you have a masochistic urge to search every square meter of huge forests while taking the chance of missing the clue that will allow you to carry on, or if you found some maps, like the ones provided by CrispyCrisis in his 'Betrayer Map Guide'. Even if you follow the maps you will have a lot of search to do and it is still possible that you will miss something- at least I did. But that might just be me. You may disclaim using a map but be aware that you can not finish the game without finding all clues. The game allows you to always come back to continue your search at any point of the game though.So do I recommend playing Betrayer?Yes I do, but this verdict comes with mixed emotions. The game has some pros and some cons.Pros:- great atmosphere- nice graphics (the blur effect in the distance is intended)- good story, or should I say stories- quite addictive, you find yourself coming back until you reached the end- nice ending, I can still feel my heart jump- good sound effects, wind, distance screams, fearful grunts- enemies, some reviews claim the enemy AI is dumb. Well, it is, but I like the fact that as soon as you are detected your foes attack you very aggressively. While it fits your enemies nature, it increases the pressure on the player. Enemies are hard to beat in the beginning and rather easy in the end because your equipment improves. You can sneak around to prevent detection.- all achievements can be reached, the game never becomes unfairCons:- can be extremely frustrating at times. The biggest downturn of the game is its lack of in-game support. As a player you are simply left to yourself to find out what to do and this can be a very frustrating experience. So you will need patience and endurance.- Big Picture – Forget about it!The game has controller support but it's quite buggy.While the general game functions like running, fighting, aiming and interacting with the surroundings work perfectly, controller support sucks in the menus and in the inventory. If for example you scroll through the list of your weapons you can not move upwards once you reached the end of the list. You then have to close the inventory or move to another section of the inventory to get out of the list again.The controller also does not work in the main menu. I always have to click on the button 'Continue' with my mouse and after that I can use my controller.If you intend to play in big picture mode you can forget about that. For the first four hours I played the game launching on my couch. My TV is about 4 meters away from my couch and it's simply impossible to read anything on the screen because the font size of the messages and the menus is simply too small. I had to stand up and move close to my TV in order to read the text. That sucks!But that's not the only problem in big picture mode. The game strongly depends on audio signals. If you move close to items, that you can inspect or pick up, a certain sound is played. Playing on my stereo TV did not allow me to determine the direction in which I had to move in order to move closer to the source of the sound. For the daytime mode that's not a big problem because you already are very close to the item when the tone appears. But for the 'dark' sections it is a huge problem because you have to follow sounds miles away.After moving back to my PC I could clearly indicate the directions I had to move to and certainly had no more problems with the font size and the menus because I could use the mouse where necessary."
76561198048971490,Recommended,243120,9656955,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Body Without Organs,"This game gets so many things right.   The atmosphere is great, the stealth gameplay is rewarding, the use of 17th century weaponry is novel, the two-tone graphics are a breath of fresh air, and the stories about the dark personal betrayals which caused the deaths of the colonists were engaging.  I personally prefer to play full color in the daylight and greyscale when ringing the bell, because it adds to the contrast between the two worlds.   At $19.99, it's well worth the purchase.   However, even though it has moved past early access the game contains  bugs and crashes fairly often.  If it were not for this I would have very little bad to say about it.   It doesn't crash often enough to ruin the game though, and with a few patches it could be great."
,Recommended,243120,23213040,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,JeRiL,"The main draw of this game is the art style. Worth a playthrough once. Replayability is low, though."
76561198083068272,Recommended,243120,17649227,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,TheBeak,"This was a fun game.  I'd like to see a sequel expand it and smooth out some of the flaws, but it was certainly a good time.  It definitely has the mark of Monolith all over it and I always dug their style.  The 17th century, colonial setting was definitely a highlight.  Unlike some reviewers, I found the old school sometimes frustrating weapons to be quite a blast to shoot.  Since the enemies weren't overly difficult, the slow and possibly accurate reload times made for a few tense fights, especially against the floating skull like enemies in the dark world.  The story/backstory that you discovered by interacting with ghosts, journal entries and spirits was appropriately cryptic and swirling with American Gothic touches.  Oddly enough, it reminds me of a more polished version of the underrated Gamecube game Geist sans the possession element.  But it has that similar mix of low key exploration and bursts of combat.The option to play with different color saturations was pretty awesome and despite the temptation and a few experiments with color, I found the default black and white to create a trippy, foreboding atmosphere.  When you break it down the overall mix of the game was like combining a hack n' slash loot collector with survival horror and typical first person action/adventure/shooter elements.  I ended up mixing up my arsenal quite a bit, even if the longbow is man's best friend and the ultimate equalizer.  All told the environments were alot of fun to explore and I found myself trying to locate the majority of POIs during my time in the game, although I missed a couple of things.  I also actually enjoyed that all of the story and character interactions were with text instead of bad voice acting of some sort.  It lent a relaxing feel to the more town-based segments of the game; a good breather from all of the woods wandering and shoot outs with psychotic conquistadors.With all of the positives I feel about this game, it did have some drawbacks.  After awhile the gameplay started becoming a tad repetitive.  It wasn't a nailing mistake but towards the end a few objectives borderlined on tedium.  Perhaps after beating Deadlight on nightmare, this game just didn't feel challenging enough.  Once I got the shovel and had all of the strongest gear and most of the upgrades, I was a pretty unstoppable force.  Those friggen spiders put me down a few times though.  Enemy variety is also pretty scant and though they were fun to fight, I got somewhat tired of mopping the floor with the same dopes over and over again.  As a hardcore gamer I of course played with the deadliest enemies setting and while I got taught a few lessons early on whenever I was still figuring out the gameplay/mechanics, once you get the hang of what you're doing and stock up on deadly gear, only a few select sections provided any challenge.  The final boss battle was also a joke and took me only one try to complete.  But overall this is a pretty great game to play through once.  I might leave it installed and someday go back and earn some achievements I left in progress, but once you're done there really aren't any extra features/modes to come back to besides a free roam of the environments with baddies still lurking.  The Steam achievements I did miss are already mostly completed or on their way, so even with the things left undone, I really feel that I got the most out of the game I could get...  The campaign was a blast though with a runtime that should take you over 10 hrs to complete, depending on how much you want to upgrade (I personally maxed out health, ammo capacity and weapon types to their fullest).Overall this is worth your time if you're looking for a first person blaster with more esoteric ideas and rural Americana vibes.  So, for those who don't want to read all of my b.s., let me break it down a little further from a gamer who has been smashing buttons since '84!Pros:-Very cool atmosphere with unique color saturation options and an eerie black n' white world-Lush colonial setting with fun period weapons-Not alot of monsters but the ones you do encounter are fun to fight (even if they are a bit thin in the IQ department)-Interesting use of two distinct worlds (light/dark) with a gameplay rhythm that develops between the two-Solid graphics and excellent landscapes with intricate special effects (wind gusts, dynamic lighting, etc.)-Mostly satisfying campaign with enough to do and see to keep you progressing-Adventure elements well-employed with almost a light Zelda style exploration/backtracking for loot/treasure/equipment-Intuitive inventory/map/journal system that was fun to use/manageCons-Easy enemies even on the hardest setting once you have the mechanics down/enough upgrades-Safe zones/forts were a nice touch, but could have used more fleshing out (like being able to enter buildings)-Some design choices seem half-baked (giving items to Alison/lady in red with seemingly no game effect, etc.)-Tasks/objectives become rather samey 2/3s through the game.-Only a few enemy types and weak final boss encounter-As much fun as I had it's really a one playthrough affair.-Could have used a few actual boss fights for some variation...it would have been fun to see how they would have played out with the primitive weapons.-Sound design was average which took away some of the potential horror chills.  The creepy ambience of the nether world, wind and atmospheric cues were all good.  Guns, weapons, enemies were all rather laughable.Rating:  7.8/10For me this is so close to an 8, but just not quite that good.  Still, I think it's well worth a go and I'd sign up for a sequel or any DLC content in the future.  Happy gaming gang!"
,Not Recommended,243120,24023121,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Evaheist,"utterly, shamelessly redundant, repetitive and pointless.Sure, everything seems dandy when you first ring the bell or fight the uninspired enemies but once you find out Betrayer is nothing but a collection of side-quests, stretched along around 7-10 hours of boring walking and running around in half-empty forests, you wouldn't applaud yourself at all for spending you dough on this game.Such a shame, really. I've loved pretty much everything by these developers in the past but Betrayer is simply not on par with even their earlier works. They probably had a millionth of the budget they had when they worked on the F.E.A.R titles or whatever but in the end, I feel like a fool simply for being tricked by this game's black and white aesthetics.Great sound design though. The first couple of hours are supremely satisfying but when you get used to the one-key environments and enemies and having nothing to do but go from point A to B because of fetch quests, you'll probably think like me as well.Story is there and is passable but too predictable, barebones and not deep enough to hold attention. Nothing here really does, to be quite honest. I'd say it's ok to buy the game when the price is super cheap; but outside of that, you can easily cast Betrayer into the shadows of your memories."
76561198014645798,Recommended,243120,10783762,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Emanisass,Love the setting. The way the game plays and feels is fantastic and the environments are god damn beautifully amazing. First thing I did as soon as I started the game up was bring the colour back to the world. Fantastic that they give the option and I would recomend you see what you like.
76561198064449656,Recommended,243120,10407527,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Déädlytrïx,"Excellent gameplay first person shooter with minor melee system support nothing too fancy melee wise just a swing or two cant block. decent equipment power differences from beginning to end, excellent story, multiple endings. replay value is decent. Little change of scene but fun changes of lighting and realm color in the options that makes it look different, for example the game starts off in black and white just about but u can change it to look like a color palete of an artist full of color, excellent lighting and amazing sound detail. i'd give it about a 9 :D"
,Recommended,243120,22343384,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Lucifer,This game had great graphics/ambience to make you feel on edge. Game is perfect for when you play with headphones.Lame part is that the undead sound like bears and always respawn in the same areas.After awhile it just feels repetitive.Get it on sale imo
,Recommended,243120,12254085,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Wombat,Very fun game and a refreshing change of pace from the typical FPS.   I look forward to more games from them.
,Recommended,243120,8521919,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DeadisDead,Want a challenge? Play this game.
,Recommended,243120,31146661,Posted: 14 April,all,Sconer ☭,Ring the bell for a good time
,Recommended,243120,31203585,Posted: 17 April,all,digibluez,"You walk around 8 different maps, ringing bells, killing skeletons with tomahawks and arrow, helping ghosts, looking for page scraps on the ground. combat can be challenging, but not too hard.Has 2 color options, black and white to see enemies better, and regular colorfull. Nice little game for the 5 bucksLongbow is your friend, and also tomahawk with G button,have to pick up again after throwing. Try not to stealth, because its way too hard and sloweasy achievements, last 2 take time as killing 1000 enemies takes 2 playsStory is kind of meh, if you dont like reading a boring dialoge, just skip them. Really hard to get immersed to story anyway, because all quest points are same.Got done 100%"
,Recommended,243120,10716659,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ACE IRONLUNGS,"In betwixt the barrage of dime-a-dozen garbage titles on steam; Minecraft rip offs, jumpscare games, and completely broken messes lies Betrayer.Betrayer is an atmospheric FPS explorative survival game and it's god...damn...good...The game starts off with you on a beach after a shipwreck, that's literally how it starts. What entails are either two things depending on how you play: A mystery about this strange land you find yourself on, or a battle for survival in this desolant nightmare. It all depends on how interested you want to get.Regardless, you will have to try and stay alive either way. Among this beautiful black and white landscape, lay ahead skeletons, coated in clear red. They will kill you. And they will kill you fast.There is no directed object in the game, just explore and stay alive, and by god is this ever done well.It's gorgeous, ominous, and is completely unique."
,Not Recommended,243120,9626815,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,ChrisP,"I'm just gonna lay it out straight and honest: Alot of the game's content is repetive, You're given NO feedback whatsoever, It's difficult to figure out when you're finished with an ''investigation'', The weapon system is boring as you're only given a few options. And for anyone thinking/saying that the combat is ''Non-trivial'' and is actually ''difficult'' don't listen to them... You can survive any encounter with a crappy bow! I was really liking the kind of story-line they were going with. However with no voice acting AT ALL it got really boring and ended up skipping pretty much everything even though i love Story heavy games more than any other genres! The ''quests'' you are given are boring and meaning-less to the story... If your job is to figure what actually happened then why the actual **** are you solving family crisis'?Pros: Great atmoshpere and art-style."
76561197964172191,Recommended,243120,17926865,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,[KK]Arkady,"Inmmersive, good plot and scary, i recommend it, and It's CHEAP!"
,Recommended,243120,10704719,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,aeiou,"This game is incredibly fun, however, if spook be something you wish to avoid, just watch a lets play. Many Skeleton."
76561197972258172,Recommended,243120,18849592,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"Betrayer is a first person shooter/mystery/walking simulator in which you piece together the fractured remnants of the history of the island you find yourself on. You take on demonic Conquistadors and spectral horrors as you pass back and forth between diffferent veils of reality, clearing the various areas of enemies and helping lost spirits remember their stories and gain absolution.It is an exercise in restraint - everything from the soundtrack, to the visuals, to the story is constructed carefully and sparingly with great intention. There is no music but for the wind through the trees and the grass, and the contextual sounds that alert you to the presence of nearby points of interest, and this sound design is excellent. However, the minimalism also extends to the gameplay - you'll do a bit of shooting, a bit of stealth, and a lot of walking from one place to another and back again. The locations exhibit little variation, and you won't see much beyond trees and grass and rocks along the way.The layers of atmosphere, the oppressive feel of the dark other world, and the genuine tension when you hear the bark of an enemy all expertly manipulate the player's emotions, and the stories themselves are well-written and feel like they reflect believable and uniformly tragic struggles of a once-living colonial population, however the overreliance on mystery can leave you feeling without purpose, and the sheer amount of trudging back and forth is tedious. The last couple of hours of the game are striking in that you begin to get a little variety in locations, the story finally gets momentum, and the difficulty unbalances heavily in your favour, and I found this the most motivated section of gameplay, but to trudge through 4 repetitious hours beforehand was not an altogether enjoyable experience.This is one of those games that you can really appreciate for its parts, especially from the perspective of artistic risk-taking, but it is not greater than the sum of those parts, and you may have trouble feeling compelled to finish it. I recommend it because it's well-made and unique, but I recommend it tentatively because its design makes getting through it a bit of a slog."
,Recommended,243120,18458833,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,FxckNelson,"A beautiful art style, innovative fps combat, and a unique setting/story make this game way ahead of typical fps games. It's scary and tense but enjoyable if not somewhat slower than run and gun kinda games."
76561198013584760,Recommended,243120,18049027,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,skyelarkt,"What a lovely, creepy, cleverly designed game.   There are so many little details that make the game especialy fun and immersive.  I really hope to see a sequil, or at least some more games like this."
76561198035141123,Recommended,243120,13719451,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Vincalia,"This game was pretty good, at about 8 hours for $20 its worth the buy. The artstyle is pretty neat as well."
76561198303023029,Recommended,243120,33112158,Posted: 1 July,all,PutridLairMastermind,"Greetings eccentric gamers and underground cult players!!Betrayer has a very immersive and enthralling storyline that sucked me in like a vacuum. I really like the feature that allows you to switch between a b/w and a color environment.  The actual creatures and enemies are not very frightening per se, but the soundtrack and sfx are what make this game.  You will feel watched at times, and startled at others.  I know that I enjoyed this game a whole lot, and the bell ringing --> day/night feature is unique and cool imho.  Its a cheap game that offers a reasonably long questline and moderate replayability due to the open-world style maps and the ability to adjust your experience from color to black and white.I certainly reccommend this game because it managed to accomplish what i seek in games; the feeling of psychological immersion in ways that stimulate me emotionally even occasionally raise my blood pressure during tense moments.Hails!!!!     \m/.    .\m/"
,Recommended,243120,10678536,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AspireX,"Best Atmospheric Game , The Black and White Makes It Better"
,Recommended,243120,28206491,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,It's a 5 euro game with and incredibly fluid combat system and a very intersesting plot. For the price it's a 10/10.
76561198086736042,Recommended,243120,7333996,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,IIIMr BlackII,This game is awesome!!!
,Recommended,243120,9125328,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Adormus,"Great game! Very unique art style. Love the weapons you get, love the enigmatic story and most of all! LOVE the exploration and treasure hunts you put yourself through just to find money for that next upgrade!Havn't beaten it yet but I can't stop going back each new update and playing the hell out of this game!"
76561198010282032,Recommended,243120,18380789,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Nekura,"Although I'll admit that you're going to spend a lot of time wandering back and and forth in this game; it's oppressive atmosphere and subtle soundtrack really put you into the game.The old-school weapons also provide a nice touch. The frustration of dealing with muzzle-loaders, flint-lock pistols, and crossbows also zero in the frustration of these low-tech solutions. I don't mean that this is not a welcome change of pace from games that seem to want an automatic in your hands as soon as possible. Combat in this game rewards both the bold and the stealthy, although once you get to a certain point, you'll hear your enemies, but spotting them before they spot you is REALLLLLLLY hard.So to break it down:Combat: Stealth or run-n-gun. Explosives are okay, but I never use them. Use cover to your advantage, and the wind-swells to mask footsteps.Atmosphere: From the lonely shore you wash up on, to the sad bastions of fortresses where the ghosts of some truly deplorable people dwell all give this game a kind of hopelessness that is engaging and eerie. Moving between day and night worlds is a kind of Silent Hill-esque treat.Issues: I wish the markers for ghosts that aren't available would disappear until they were available again. After every piece of evidence, I'm back to wandering in the woods to see if a ghost popped up.This game doesn't give you a ton of info up front, so let me help:1. The corrupted totems can only be dealt with at night, and you can ""listen"" to them (starting a battle) with ""X""2. You can switch back to the world map and you don't have to go back through each area, you can warp to any point you've created, across any map.3. Make sure you check the map that you want everything to show up! I made it to the fourth area before I realized it wasn't showing me ghosts.4. You won't get the shovel to dig up the rock-piles until quite a ways into the game, so don't keep looking for the damn thing until you get like four or five maps in.Anyway, great game for the price, and I bought it and forgot I had it in my library for a few months. I then went back and actually played it, and I've been playing it every night for the last couple weeks!"
,Recommended,243120,23031932,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Bobbo2112,"Pretty fun game. Color scheme was cool, but made some enemies (flaming natives) nearly impossible to see. Thankfully you can adjust it on the fly.The animal sounds for enemies has had lasting effects. I played and finished this game about a month ago. Lately I've been watching True Blood and those bird call in the background of the show are idential to a certain enemy type in the game. When I hear that in the show my ears perk up a bit since I'm used to thinking there is an enemy near.7/10"
,Recommended,243120,9800564,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Leo,"I have had a lot of trouble finding a good horror game. I've always wanted a stealth game that is not overly complicated. This game delivers. The atmosphere is amazing, the gameplay is amazing, 10/10just like Skyrim with Silent Hill"
76561198040087233,Recommended,243120,26895509,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dawnen,awesome game
76561197971628333,Recommended,243120,11444780,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Modranto,"Fantastic atmosphere in more ways than just its striking visuals.Betrayer was quick to draw me into its world. It is a world that manages to feel, at the same time, both desolate and packed with intrigue. There are places to explore, mysteries to solve and threats looming around every bend. This is a game that isn't afraid to take some risks in terms of game design. The results are sometimes wonderfully successful and other times ineffective.What first drew me to Betrayer was its artistic design. While it does look as good as the screenshots, the novelty of it does wear off over time. I eventually experimented with turning on full color and was pleased with how things looked that way as well. Just know that simply turning up the color saturation slider doesn't make for something pleasing to the eye. You'll have to change the light and dark intensity sliders as well. I had both of them moved most of the way to the left.As eye catching as the graphics style is, the sound design is equally as good and is an integral part of the experience. Even though the only music is during the main menu and credits, I never felt like the game was missing a soundtrack. All the sounds of the forest and the way you ""listen"" for clues and collectables makes your ears as valuable as your eyes as you explore.Hunting for certain collectables can be a chore due to your long range ""listen"" ability being restricted to leading you only to story related locations. That can make for a lot of aimless wandering for completionists like me, which gets frustrating when you're still missing something after going through an area quite thoroughly. This could have easily been remedied by a late game unlock to be able to ""listen"" for everything. It also doesn't help that there isn't a lot of variety in environments. In fact, around the halfway point in the game zones start to blend together and no new enemies are introduced either. The final zone is very cool and unique, however. From around 50% to 85% of the way through the game is easily its weakest portion. Contributing to that is that it is around this point that you begin to identify gameplay patterns, making things feel predictable and repetitive.If you're into murder mysteries then I suspect you'll enjoy Betrayer. Each area you visit has its own stories to tell. Some of these stories offer clues as to what's happened in the larger region in which the game is set. Others simply flesh out the local histories. It is up to you to decipher what fits into the grander scheme of things."
76561198004977493,Recommended,243120,17450011,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,C3N50R3D,"Great game!   Atmosphere and immersiveness is outstanding.  Triple wide monitor support and FOV slider FTW!  -puts crappy console port AAA studios like Ubisoft to shame.  Game mechanics are fluid and reward stealth.  If you are spotted, things can go south quickly.  The audio adds to the immersion.  I really like the art style.  The only thing that would have made this game better is voice acting."
76561198067096205,Recommended,243120,16841578,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Here and nowhere,"Betrayer is a stealth horror action-adventure played from a first-person perspective. It uses a monochrome art style that Eurogamer‍‍ '​‍s Dan Whitehead described as ""undeniably striking"". The game has no clear missions or markers for quest objectives, aiming to initially perplex players by not providing a defined sense of direction. Sound plays a central role in exploring the game world, as it is used to lead the player to clues and other points of interest. While progressing, any clues found are meticulously documented in the inventory windows. Similar to The Elder Scrolls series, players can quickly navigate from one location to another by clicking a point-of-interest icon on the game's map. In the game, players stealthily kill enemy conquistadors by creeping through tall grass and hiding their movements by timing them with strong gusts of wind. Enemies are killed using a variety of antiquated weaponry including bows, crossbows, pistols, muskets, and thrown tomahawks. Taking inspiration from Dark Souls, when the player dies in the game all of their items are left on their corpse at the location of death. The player then respawns at the base fort and must journey back to where they died to retrieve their items from their corpse. If the player dies again before retrieving their items, then the items on that first corpse will disappear and can not be recovered. Sometimes Betrayer seems like more horrible  than Outlast or Amnesia. One time my emotions get the better of me and i was screamed .I sincerely recommend this game for all people who likes horrors and stealth in one bottle."
76561198081745598,Recommended,243120,25420790,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Desire4Fire,this game is worth atleast $10-$20.
,Recommended,243120,9659890,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,naomha,"I can't think of anything available now to compare the game to. Everything from the pure soundtrack of nature all around you, creepy sound cues to pull you in to an unexplored territory, the black and white and red graphics (or color if you prefer), the antique time pieces, the mostly open world to explore and some really creepy enemies really make this game a stand out all on its own. The story falls into pieces with exploration and other things (no spoilers here) and you really have to tread carefully. Just walking along and not paying attention can and will get you killed. This type of game isn't for those looking for a ""Skyrim"" type experience. It's far from that. However, what it does offer is a very twisted take on early America and some very bizarre stories to accompany the theme. It is a gem of a game and one you should very seriously take a look into."
,Recommended,243120,9628183,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Frosty,"Have to say it's an interesting game, and fun. There is no voice acting mind you, but either way the story is well pieced together. Also for those who don't like the monochrome look, they offer the option to turn color on, how ever I highly suggest you stick to that black and white look. The game it self is not necessarily scary, though it might just be me, but the atmosphere is definitely eerie and unsettling. Stories of what become of certain victims are also quite disturbing once pieced together. The Ai is straight forward, they can hear and see you, but you can hide and mask your approaches with the wind as advertised. I wouldn't call the game open world exactly, but rather several large connected areas. It does the job of giving you the impression you're in a forest, and you're alone with the exception of some skulking phantasms.I think the game was great, but I would imagine it's not for everyone. Some might find the story and setting a bit too ""artsy"" or too simple to really get into. It's odd simply put."
,Not Recommended,243120,33143498,Posted: 2 July,all,Fangsteel,"I would like to say good things about this game, because I really like it's art style and presentation. The environment and mysterious story arc are well pictured too. Unfortunately, as a game, I've found it lacking. You have a considerably big map to explore, but with very little to do other than kill some enemies and pick up pages with a little exposition. The gunplay/bowshooting is also very underwhelming, lacking impact and rewarding you a simple hp bar drop when you hit enemies.In my opinion, this is a great idea for art style and story presentation with a poor designed game below it, and the finished product suffers for it."
,Recommended,243120,7968902,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Nightcodex✅,"This game is absolutely amazing at his alpha stage, theres no doubt this game will be a skyrim like game, I love how u can change the colours to black & white, thou it can be improvedThou the encountering of enemies may slightly be improved apart from that its amazing to play amazing to be part of this Early release,what i would like to see is more Graphic options such as shadow detail , Putting them off or on,Pro : Gameplay, surroundings, Eviroment, storyCons: enemies, Edges of certain objects, Colours,SettingsVerdict: 8.5"
76561198001577460,Recommended,243120,11453660,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,GORE,Excellent atmosphere
76561197982877381,Recommended,243120,9933963,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"Interesting game. Different to the stuff I normally like but atmospheric and unusual enough to keep me interested. It is not perfectly bug free and it is very linear, however, it is unusual enough to be worth a go if you feel like a bit of a moody ghost story with some gun play.  It has a ton of atmosphere and a sort of melancholy spookiness that appeals (to me).When I say linear, it doesnt force you to do a certain thing at a certain time per se but it is pretty channelled to keep you in the story.  It is a good story but unfortunately, I am the ultimate open world free to do anything game sort of guy (yeah, I am often disappointed).   However, I like this and would very much recommend it as a really great quirky game which you wont regret paying for.  It was worth its original price and it is probably even more worth paying for now.   Time well spent."
,Not Recommended,243120,24678565,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,lollermittens,"Don't get fooled by the PR and nice video, the game is nothing like it is shown.I actually demanded a refund for this game.Do not get fooled by all those folks giving it a ""Thumbs Up"" with an average of 2-3 hours logged.The main attraction to this game is the story of course. There's a mystery to be solved and guess who has the task to solve it?You start the game stranded on a beach. Pressing 'M' brings up a map with a bunch of red circles that are areas of interest.Eventually you arrive at the first ""hub"" of the game where it's an empty colony populated only by one mysterious individual.You have the ability to go into ""Ghost Mode"" meaning that there are technically two worlds: the one with colors and the black and white one you see in all those screenshots.Unfortunately, even with a decent ""horror"" narrative (which is a highly questionable tag; not once did this game scare as much as bore me), the gameplay is downright rudimental. Aiming is hitscan and not accurate. The enemies' AI is... well let's just say that I'm doing a favor to those NPCs by saying any kind of AI was implemented in them.I'm not sure who this game is for: there's no building elements; there's no voice-overs; no cut-scenes. It's just going to the Red Circles on your map and trying to figure out a mediocre narrative."
76561198027328817,Not Recommended,243120,11413831,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,hallowedbethygame,"Betrayer is kind of a neat game and unlike anything I've ever played before. It's got some good ideas going for it, but there's a lot of blandness and repetition that bogs it down in the end.The stealth gameplay is pretty decent, feeling genuinely rewarding as you successfully maneuver around in the shadows and take down unsuspecting enemies. At least at first. Sometimes when you're in a hurry to do something, all this stealth can get kind of annoying. So instead you run as fast as you can, alerting the entire forest and hucking tomahawks at everything that moves. Which is kind of satisfying... but these are pretty much the only game mechanics, so it sometimes gets a little old. There are guns and such, too, but it takes so long to reload a musket that it doesn't get much use... more of a one-shot-per-enemy-encounter type of use.There's lots of stuff to run around and find, but there's so much of it that you would never happen upon unless you search the entire forest. But who's gonna do that? Nobody. So you have to look up a guide and compare your game map to the guide map to slowly collect everything. And there comes to be a strange satisfaction in all the tedium, but you collect everything in one area, then move onto the next one and repeat, counting how many more areas of the game there are until you're finished. And when you start to look ahead at how much more of the game there is until you're finished rather than letting it unfold on its own, that's never the mark of a good game.The story's pretty bland and uninteresting. It's made up entirely of meeting ghosts, asking them what happened to them, then finding clues around the area and confronting the ghosts about them to unlock their memories of how they died or whom they killed, etc. The individual stories that each ghost tells are somewhat interesting but don't amount to much. It's sort of the one trick of this one-trick pony. There's an over-arching storyline that tries to connect the whole thing, but it again ends up being just another story that's sort of amusing but nothing more. However, there is also the occasional note that gives a bit of story that seems to be completely unrelated to any other parts of the story. There are some genuinely neat little stories in some of these.The game does have a decent atmosphere, though. Its default black-and-white look with the occasional stark red highlight on points of interest and enemies is pretty captivating. Though by the end of the game, it starts to feel a little lifeless. And wouldn't you know it... it wasn't until I finished the game that I found out there are color options to play the game in full color, which looks so much better... lol. The sound design is great, giving distinct audio cues for different enemies, allowing you to pinpoint not only when an enemy is close, but what kind of enemy it is and where it is, so you can get the drop on it.I can't tell if Betrayer is trying to be a horror game or not. It's not scary. However, it does do some cool things. The presentation of ringing a town's bell to change the scenery from day to spooky night is startling and very well done. The ending's not very good, nor did I care enough about the story even if it was, but the very final moment of the game, although confusing, was actually pretty freaky. I have no idea what it meant, but I like freaky, so props for that.Anyway...4/10"
,Not Recommended,243120,10853718,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,shrewdlogarithm,"I wanted to like this but it commits a cardinal sin in that it goes out of it's way to waste your time and stretch it's content by doing so.Not only is this frustrating and boring but it also damages any sense of immersion as you walk through the same territory for the 20th time!Every time you die (and expensive ammo/weapons/overpowered enemies means that happens quite a bit) you're thrown back to the start with new enemies randomly spawned.  That means you cannot just run back to where you died, you have to use caution and get past the new enemies first - which is just a game of patience and ammo attrition and I gave-up because I was - frankly - bored with it.It is very pretty - it is quite atmospheric (tho enemies spawning from thin-air breaks that quite a bit) - but as a game it's a poor effort and it requires a LOT of patience to proceed..."
76561198125588154,Not Recommended,243120,10505403,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,"Shaco, the Fateless Claptrap","this game was interesting. Nothing more nothing less. I would recommend this game if it wasn't 20 bucks. In the end this game was boring after a while. I like how they give us free rein over a giant area at the very biggining, but without any objective it becomes boring very quickly. Not to mention te fact that the fights are very poor. They rapidly desending into who has the most health, and do you have enough ""water skins"" to heal you if you fail in the first category. once the enemy spots you it's like they throw some unseeable flare that alerts everybody in the near 5 mile raduis that they found some nice noms. It would't be that bad i mean you can run away. Oh wait sorry i was thinking of another game. No the flare onl goes away after you killed every enemy chasing you, and all the enemies you atrracted while trying desperatley to run away , and to reload your weapon with the speed of sombody who dosn't know how to work there fingers. So the battles are poor, and the lack of meaning gives the large maps no purpose. But it looks pretty, you know if you like black and white. That and your not afraid to burn out your eyes trying to fix the brightness. I could go on about other things, but anybody who has acually read this much knows my opinion by now. In short can't recommend find somthing else worth your money"
76561198080987446,Recommended,243120,11941851,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,TheBearHungers,dude this game rules
76561198047668206,Recommended,243120,10697670,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BatmanWallet,DON'T. RING. THE. ♥♥♥♥ING. BELL.
,Recommended,243120,13061299,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Wuterich,"Having played the game some hours I can't say I have anything to complain about except there being a small drumlike sound when an enemy has spotted you, which removes the pant wetting moments you'd have otherwise.The atmosphere is amazing, and the world really feels empty and cold in an amazing way, it is open endless wilderness with content scattered around for you to find on your own.Finding the clues, piecing together the mystery part by part is also a rather refreshing experience seeing as you get ♥♥♥♥ all help from any objective or mapmarkers(big plus in my book).And ringing the bell for the first time having the already uncomfortably eerie world get even darker and more unpleasent? This game is a very refreshing, hard, and new experience for me within the horror/mystery genre.No cheap jumpscares, no cliche tropes or any of that copy paste sillyness. This is simply a great gaming experience for a cheap price, I strongly recommend the game.Ps even toasters can run it and have it look good."
76561197998821720,Recommended,243120,12889237,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DansGame Enthusiast,"Betrayer is definitely not what I'd call ordinary. It's strange - both visually and in terms of plotline. It's also nearly as vague in its explanation of the world as Dark Souls is vague in its everything, as you receive all your information from various clues and paper scraps scattered throughout the different zones. However, after you grow accustomed to the grayscale world and its darker counterpart, you'll come to appreciate this colour scheme as well as the superb employment of sound and tension as you uncover the island's mysteries. Also, I have never felt so much enjoyment from using a bow in any other game. Betrayer is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,243120,22340436,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Waste of Semen,"I'd describe ""Betrayer"" as a dark detective and exploring FPS. It may not sound that interesting, but it's really a good game, one of a kind.An FPS where you can use long or short bows, crossbows, tomahawks (for throwing or as a quick melee attack when enemies get too close), pistols and muskets. What's kind of cool about the pistols and muskets, you gotta reload them - the OLD SCHOOL way.I also really like the black, white and red thing going on, it's appealing to me. Should you not be very fond of it, you can just add colour through the options menu."
76561198012033780,Recommended,243120,16223047,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Krakex,10/10 Would get epilepsy again
,Recommended,243120,19163215,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,无名.小鸡,Fun and addictives
,Recommended,243120,16766425,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,✪ WolfGangDealers ASMR,Beautiful game. I love the free style gameplay. Great to play when you have nothing to do and has a beautiful story about how the Roanoke Colony (Don't know name of actual colony so guessing) disapeared. Loved it completely.
,Recommended,243120,16933658,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Viscount Palmerston,"Horror, in my opinion, is one of the most undeveloped genres in gaming. Not for the lack of trying, obviously, but for the lack of originality. How many awesome horror settings are out there? Countless amount, but most developers stick with something known and familiar: asylums, haunted towns, schools full of ghosts of virgins. Boring.Well, in terms of setting Betrayer is definitely not boring.Still, it is a very specific game, clearly more oriented towards an 'old school' type of gamers, who're used to a very slowly developing story, thick atmosphere, that doesn't captivate you at once, but is rather chewing it's way through you a bite at a time. Nevertheless, Betrayer has a solid core gameplay, rich and captivating atmosphere, and black and white gamma that can be toggled to your likeness (or turned off completely), which is nice.Just give the game some time to deploy itself. You'll get drawn from there.__And I've got to mention another of my experiences with the game. Thing is, I started playing it long ago, just after it was released. So technically my savefile was of a very ""young"" version of the game, before the patches. When I resumed my playthrough recently, I discovered that the game's last achievement simply refuses to be gained, even though I met all the required conditions. Since I wanted to get all the achievements for the game that I liked quiet a lot, I wrote an email to the developer Larry. And he replied just 2 days later! He apologized for the bug and sent me a savefile to solve the problem. I mean, such a fast response from a developer even 1,5 years after his game's initial release - that's pretty sick.+2 to the developers' coolness."
76561198073833430,Recommended,243120,16480074,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,NyoTheNeko,"One of the best games I have played in a while! Would definitely recommend, if you like well written stories!"
76561198042945770,Recommended,243120,17602651,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Fatal_,"If you want to run for your live around a dark forest chased by Baphomet demons then buy this game. If you are not afraid of the dark, you are after playing this."
,Recommended,243120,18640617,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Webbey,"Betrayer caught my attention about a year ago, but I moved it down my list of games at the time.  I caught it on a sale and it was a great purchase.  I'm very impressed with my brief playtime so far.There are two things that stand out when you first start.  The peaceful, but eerie quiet and the washed out sort of black and white visuals.Sound:The simplicity in the sounds almost builds suspense, kinda like when there are no animals making sound in the woods.  This put me on edge and it especially highlighted the sound effects that were emphasized.Visuals:If the black and white appearance isn't your thing, I'm told that it can be altered in the settings.  Personally I think it's a brialliant design choice.  With the low color, the reds focus your attention on important NPCs and objects.Gameplay:The combat is feels fluid and projectiles really feel like they connect with enemies.  There's an element of stealth that is suggested early in the game.  You're advised to move with the sound of the wind to avoid attracting enemy attention.  It feels like you can get their attention from a good distance and they do not waste any time engaging.I've uncovered some mysterious story elements that has me very curious.  I can't wait to find out where the game leads."
,Recommended,243120,16560974,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[TW]LupaTheKilla,"Definitely will recommend this masterpiece to anyone who like a good scare and is patient enough. Though in some aspects this game is disturbing, it is still be very enjoyable game that I cannot stop playing."
,Recommended,243120,16142580,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ｇｒａｙキツネ,"3,5/5 setting was good half of the enemies were good, story was good, sold cs:go skins to get this game from sale for 3€ from the 16hrs i played about 10 was good, achievements were bad, mindless grinding."
76561198037067785,Recommended,243120,16318597,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Eddie the Head,ProsConsUnique and impressive visualsRepetitive gameplayInnovative fast travel systemGame basically forces you to use only bowsCool story that you have to piece together yourself
,Recommended,243120,16480876,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Big Burrito,"Deeply interesting and beautiful game. If you are looking for a stealth/thriller/old world game, look no further. Full of character."
,Recommended,243120,16122282,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Semblance,"If you like exploration games such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, then you may enjoy this game. While I didn't find the game scary or even remotely 'horror-esque,' it did have an unsettling nature to the game itself that made me curious as to what was really going on. Even with the in-game map (which is a recent update, if I recall correctly), there was still a lot that had to be found on your own alongside an interesting story - and even the story is somewhat fragmented in the way that it is presented. I rather enjoyed being able to piece together things before they were confirmed.However, the fact that there is combat in this game might make some not want to play it, as there are certain times where you have to clear an area before you can progress. I didn't hate the combat, as there were a few options that you had to consider depending on what you come up against, but it wasn't the shining star of the game. If you dislike FPS-style combat with early American / british weapons, you may not enjoy it overall since there is no way to skip certain fights. It's not the focus of the game, luckily.8/10"
,Recommended,243120,16000694,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,dead profile,I rang a bell and thought i spawned Satan. 10/10 would ring Satan bells again
76561198064854531,Recommended,243120,16485273,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nasilie,Шизоидная история про два вигвама
76561198020921666,Recommended,243120,15792197,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Diddly Squat,"I think a lot of the other reviews will give most a good idea of what the game entails, so, I'll fill in a couple gaps.I'm running this on a PC (i7 - GTX690 - SB Audio - Triple Monitors) with all the graphics pretty much maxed and the frame rates are smooth with no stutters. The game started in my native resolution of 5760x1080 so aside from maxing out the other graphics I didn't have to do anything else, the aspect ratio (100) is good.The game itself is actually fun and does do a good job of pulling you into the story overall with little notes left around to give you hints of things that transpired before you arrived.  I only have less then an hour into it now but it's enough for me to say ""Hmmm, well that's interesting, I think I'll push ahead and learn more"", so I'll be putting a lot more time into this.I did get this at the sale price and if you like games of this nature then this is a MUST buy, if it's at full price then it's up to the buyer, I'd check and see how much actual play time is involved but in any case, even at full price (so far) it looks to be worth it and priced well.Bottom Line, I like it, it plays well and keeps me interested enough to dig deeper while having enough badguys for me to kick their fannys..."
76561198292331042,Recommended,243120,24677334,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Red Lyrium Ghost,"If you're into survival, mystery and adventure, this game is perfect. With fun gameplay, moments of suspense, and an overall mysterious theme this can keep you occupied."
,Recommended,243120,10528353,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SirDannyMacFinn,"Betrayer has a unique story and repetitive gameplay. If the game play mechanics were a little more immersive, or if they were more varied, I think the game would have some more value to it. I love the story thus far, and would like to see a sequel to this come out."
,Recommended,243120,18510153,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,NANDO,"Originally I was quite intrigued by this game, but couldn't really bring myself to pay full price for something that really I knew so little about.  I bought this in a sale and can honestly say that I wish I had thrown my doubt into the wind and bought this, it's an astounding game, for all those who don't want to play the game in black and white there is an option to turn the colour on :), either way the games art is excellent and I found myself extremely wrapped up in its story. definite 11/10 from me. The only thing left to say is that the ending is kind of a WTF moment where I wasn't quite sure if everything was tied up or if it was being left open for a sequel (please god let there be a sequel, I'll buy it the day its released I promise XD)."
,Recommended,243120,10940268,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NIL0S,Dear Esther with guns! Just kidding. It's Dark Souls with guns.
,Recommended,243120,24944465,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Crim_Hammerlock,"i would have allready beat this game, if i wan't such a wuss8/10good gameworth teh $5usedto be $10........."
,Recommended,243120,15792783,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,JokingJames2,I didn't think this game was very scary untila skeleton popped outSpoop/10
76561198009318438,Recommended,243120,25989076,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,WETWORKS,Game is pretty clean looking and runs like a dream. Well worth the price and more than what it offers. The gameplay is pretty unique. Cudos to the Devs for this one.
,Recommended,243120,25876134,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Video Game Shibe,"Betrayer is a PHENOMENAL game in my opinion. I was browsing steam one day and saw this game on sale for $5 and was just like, ""Hell, why not?"" I have not regretted that decision for a single moment. In a quick synopsis of the game, you play as an early American settler ditched on an uncharted part of America. You soon find out that you can talk to spirits and that early America is haunted byghostly SpaniardsI'll let you figure out the rest. Worth the buy, would recommend to anyone who wants a fun time.10/10 wouldkill another giant Spaniardagain"
,Recommended,243120,26307848,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,incision,"I was blown away by how good this game is. Everything about it is amazing. The art style, the story, the controls(even with a 360 controller), the mysteries to investigate, the sounds, the weapons, the combat. I can just go on and on.  I would really love to see more games like this, or more games from this company.The HUD is a little rough, but it more than makes up for it in story and gameplay. And in the barebone HUD's defense... it definitely does convey all the information you need, it just doesn't look pretty doing it.Honestly, this game is a work of art and I would highly suggest experiencing it.EditJust beat it and I have to say this game is nothing short of a masterpiece. The ending was epic."
,Recommended,243120,31187000,Posted: 16 April,all,Slick Turpin,Cool game bruh!
,Recommended,243120,30912957,Posted: 2 April,all,Jesse James,"Interesting and unique game, I like and reccomend it to everyone who likes games such as this one!"
,Recommended,243120,20558806,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ROOT #Seahawknum4,"A very artistic, narrative game. There isn't a whole lot of depth to the actual gameplay, just a bunch of ""run here, now back to there, now here again"" plus some rudimentary combat. But where this game really shines is in the story that it tells. It's also a pretty long quest to do and see everything in the game. It took me about 10-12 hours to 100% the story, plus a couple more for the achievements.7/10 - If this game was a movie, I'd Netflix and chill with my non-existent girlfriend while watching it."
76561198045757938,Recommended,243120,9975686,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Trathan,"I would recomend this game for people who love a little bit of mystery and enjoy a dark story. The playstyle is nice and simple to learn, no changeable crosshair means easy to fire but, when you get better and better items, you find it comes to a more, first person shooter playstyle. The creepy atomsphere the game starts off with, lasts for about the first settlement and by the time your at the end, it is barely there, besides the last area. None-the-less, I have beaten the game and I enjoyed playing it. The final battle is difficult though so be ready for when it happens and fully explore the previous maps when you finally get the shovel (5th location). As the special weapons you find really help you out. A good game, but not the best."
,Recommended,243120,22610682,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,めー,"Excellent blend of FPS, horror and adventure."
76561198064536467,Recommended,243120,25678943,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Big Wheelz,This game Is very mysterious but fun.
76561198058866743,Recommended,243120,25763657,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Arleneim,Betrayer has a beautiful art style and a somewhat good combat system.The graphics and the ambiance are good in their own way and the mysteries you solve while completing quests are intelligently designed. Most of the dialogues hide clever and dark details on what you will soon discover.However all the msytreries you solve and the quests completed will lead you to expect a decent and satisfying ending. I can tell you beforehand that it will not happen. The game has a unsatisfying ending and i don't say this just because i personally didn't like it. Why i say the ending sucks becausethe only character that exists in this game besides you and who happens to have a very well designed strong character will act out and add some cliché elements to story.Overall i believe this is a good game that's worth a shot and i would gladly play if a sequel were to come out.
,Recommended,243120,17927910,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,-Sonneillon,"It's not like it's just explore, fighting and try to understand clues and make investigation.I think the deeper sense of the game is to show us 2 levels of our mind, our psyche. We are normal people, open to everybody, world is colourful ( when it's day in Betrayer ). But when we ring bell ( go deeper in our psyche in case of something especially for us, good or bad memories ), we will feel more, we will feel and see things that we don't understand in our daily routine. The demons will be awake...Probably i'm wrong and they are just my insane feelings and thoughts, but for me it is the main sense of game, even if creators of Betrayer didn't know about it.9/10, excellent graphic and atmosphere."
76561198232979232,Not Recommended,243120,33163753,Posted: 2 July,all,Sidetrackx,"This game is pretty bland to me it feels like there should be more here as in story andcharacters but this doesnt really have that, I still like the setting and combat is roughso you can die pretty easy.I would put in more time for this game but it has no sense of direction, its not clearwhat you should be doing so it just roam around till you find something, this canget really boring and kill the game even though its not bad.I cant recommend this unless you get it on sale its worth a dollar so dont botherpaying more."
76561198015847880,Not Recommended,243120,10015257,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,LesserEvil,"Starts off very fun and difficult and a bit scary too. As the game progresses you will learn what to look and listen for and figure out the different mechanics and types of enemies. So far so very good. But for me the last part of the game just absolutely ruined it. It feels completely unpolished and simply frustrating. So far the game was a solid 78/100 for me, but the last part drops it somewhere where I didn't finish the game myself but watched the rest in a youtube-video. In the spoiler I will explain, why:After you discovered all the wraiths, pretty much cleared all the areas and your equipment is so good that killing enemies is easy you have to release all the wraiths in order for the story to progress. If you try to take on the final boss before that it will just spawn endless waves of monsters. Now here is the thing: For some wraiths I apparently missed some stuff, so I couldn't release them all even though I collected all the clues and had no more talking-options available. So the game apparently needs me to search all the maps all over again because I missed something small somewhere. Without an indicator where you found something or where you had been already (like a fog of war on the map f.e.) this becomes an absolutely frustrating experience. Also the ending is bad, because unnecessarily unexplainable and it feels very rushed. Would not recommend like this."
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,243120,18491579,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"Very confusing in the beginning, but after you figure out what it's about (cleaning ""corrupted"" totems by destroying undead stuff in some kind of twilight zone) it became pretty uninteresting pretty quickly. Aside from the main plot, it's a pretty basic and blandly repetitive game, after the novelty effect has worn off. Couldn't even be bothered to play it through. I'd rate it ""so-so"" or ""meh"" if that were possible.You can't enter buildings (i.e. maps feel like 15 years ago) and if you crank up the colour the initial black and white ""wow"" effect gives way to mediocre landscape design and averagy graphics capabilities that look dated even on a high-end machine."
,Recommended,243120,14187743,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,TheBraveSirRobin,"One of the most well-paced, compelling and atmospheric first person ""action"" games I have played in a long time. I will summarize my thoughts categorically in the following bullet points.* The combat is slow-paced and challenging but ultimately rewarding. Multiple weapons are unlocked and can be upgraded throughout the game, and the variety is adequate. Enemy variety is not exceptional either, but the deliberate methodology required to dispatch hostiles reliably makes the combat more tactics focused yet somehow nothing about the it feels forced or obtrusive. In other words, you might be surprised with how enjoyable it is to exploit simple mechanics like line of sight and the terrain in order to deal with encounters creatively and effectively.* The game world is one that adequately balances the threat of the unknown with the reward of exploration. Enemies often lie in ambush when you are off the beaten paths, but collectibles and monies are scattered across the maps serve as adequate encouragement to explore. Nonetheless, it still combines well with the other aspects of the game to accomplish it's ultimate goal; you will feel as if this is truly a land of the forsaken.* The story is purposely vague at first but is willing to offer answers to those willing to go deep inside the dark and twisted rabbit hole that it is. It consists of an unexpectedly dark collection of tales about betrayal, suicide and human savagery. I thought it would simply be a matter of ""we are all dead because of the spooky skeletons"", but I was (un)pleasantly surprised by it, and it is this aspect of the game that is perhaps the one I find to be most memorable.* The visual aesthetics of the game are, oddly enough, the thing that I was least impressed by (and by ""impressed"" I mean it quite literally as ""that which left the least impression on me"") despite the obvious hard work that had gone into it. The enemies appeared intimidating, the items looked realistic, and the use of red to highlight objects is more than just a gimmick once you've been engrossed by the atmosphere of the game. The look of the terrain and objects in the game is all tied together very well, stylistically speaking. Besides that though, graphics are not something that I pay that much attention in a game to unless something about it is very unique. And to be frank about the black-and-white filter(s), it just felt off to me and after no more than an hour or two I had lowered the contrast and increased the saturation to slightly more natural levels. I like that the option is there for those that find it just a bit too harsh on the eyes, and I feel as if the changes I made kept the original feeling well enough to not impact my overall experience negatively.* The audio design is minimalistic, but entirely functional. Perhaps there could be more work done to add music and improve the sound effects and maybe-just-maybe add some voice acting, but I think works well enough without those things. In fact, the lack of music actually helps further impress the game's lonely and bleak atmosphere, at least for me."
76561198013758491,Recommended,243120,13889752,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,daskrieghuhn,"The plot is less one big grand thing, and more just a lot of smaller happenings.  The story telling is generally pretty solid, though at times it does rely a bit too heavily on the location finding mechanic.   I do appreciate, however, that effort was made to avoid simply giving you a big glowing exclamation point.   It is a bit short, but I feel it doesn't overstay its welcome.The graphics are generally gorgeous, the sound design is inspired if not perfectly executed.  The environments are pretty if somewhat repetitive.  The enemies don't show much diversity, but serve the purpose of giving you something to shoot at, and can be quite challenging if you're not careful.All in all, I rather liked this game.  It has generally solid mechanics, gameplay, and storytelling.  If some of those things were not stellar, none of them were poorly done."
76561198022209686,Recommended,243120,14317601,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,elgemin,"Can get a little repetitive.However there are some great ideas here, and an interesting mystery to uncover.The game doesn't hold your hand every step of the way, which makes a nice change.Recommend playing on original settings, very immersive and atmospheric in black and white."
,Recommended,243120,14680533,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DADDY,"Can't explain how much I love this. It's all the RIGHT kinds of eerie. It doesn't delve into being too story rich, or too mysterious. It gives the right amount of everything in it's time. It's kinda got a ""Legend of Zelda"" vibe to it. It invokes this indescribable feelings of helplessness. Like you play the cards but you have no idea how it will play out. It's fantastic.I'd definately give betrayer a 9/10"
,Recommended,243120,9633042,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Bullett00th,"Complete immersion, phenomenal atmosphere, bone chilling sound design, rewarding exploration, unique and widely configurable art style, engaging world and a true, hardcore challenge.Has room for improvement and may seem dull at first, but as soon as you get into the hang of things, the game pulls you in and doesn't let go. Not everyone will like the combat, exploration and stealth aspects, but if you value a mysterious storyline and complete immersion, this is for you."
76561198032333898,Recommended,243120,10706409,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,1920razor,"This game is different than other games. I don't know why. Betrayer has a gloomy climate, filled with riddles. The music is very climate, and sounds in ""other world"" causes me goosebumps. Enemies are not that hard to kill, but it does not make game easy to play. Graphics are amazing (It's unreal engine) but i can not play in sin city mode (Everything is black and white, but enemies and important items are red) because my eyes hurt :D In my opinion this game looks more awesome with normal colors, but playing in black and white style for somrthing like 20 minutes is also a good experience. Betrayer is kinda scary game, but not much. Enemies are interesting and diffrent. I gives this game 8/10 Buy it! Get into this enigmatic world!EDIT: After 2 h of playing this game I have to admit that this game is kinda hard on normal level of difficulty, but it's still fun :D"
76561197970549991,Recommended,243120,18349479,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,RedFox,"I love first person shooters that have ranged weapons but break from standard FPS conventions. In the case of Betrayer, the convention break to get used to is painfully long reload time with muzzle loaded muskets and ball and powder pistols. It's one of the few games I've played where the reload time really does force you into cycling through your weapons because you just won't have time to reload them when being chased by multiple enemies. I think it could have gone further in this area, since there's 5 primary weapon types but you can only equip 3. I would have loved to cycle through them and fire them off, then swap to another, fire its one shot, etc.The story is interesting. It's something that only works in text, which is always interesting to observe. This is because the words being said by characters are true, but the picture they paint quite often is not, which was a really unique experience in a world full of unreliable narrators.The core mechanics for the story progression start off intriguing and fresh, but by the first couple of areas, you'll have pretty much seen what you'll be doing the rest of the game. That doesn't mean it isn't intriguing, however.If you like slower paced, atmospheric first person games, you should check out Betrayer."
76561197973300271,Recommended,243120,18302789,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"This game doesnt really seem all that remarkable mechanically or visually but perhaps these limitations were intetional because they work towards adding tension to the game and its a very tense game.  I found myself often jumping in my seat due to being surprised by enemies or events, the sound design contributes greatly to this. It is all around a very dark experience, whether you are learning about the horrifying tragedy that befell all the characters in the game or fighting against the beastial spaniards or dark inhabitents of the otherworld a sense of dread descends upon and hangs over you while you play.  I especially appreciate the story elements to the game the events that you uncover are truly horrifying.  I think the setting of this kind of new world lost colony thing is pretty fresh, cant say i've played a game that used that before(not saying there arent any).All in all I highly reccomend this experience."
76561198202786928,Not Recommended,243120,31156838,Posted: 15 April,all,OnlyCurmudge,"I really wanted to like this game, and for a while I really did.  But in the end I tired of it about halfway through.  Why?  Because, in terms of gameplay, it is just a grind.  The first couple of maps are interesting because little is explained and you are just figuring out what to do and how to play, but then everything is just more of the same for each successive map: scour the map for collectable items while fending off a couple of different types of enemies with a small selection of weapons that are all available very early (although better versions of each become available as time goes on).  There is no sense of progression as nothing really changes from map to map, not even the scenery, so while it is beautiful and all, it is a chore to finish.On top of that it likes to crash on start-up after taking over the screen, so you have to sign out or reboot to get your desktop back.  Disabling steam overlay helps, but it still does it sometimes, and has done for a long time (look at discussions), so apparently the devs don't think it is worth fixing."
,Recommended,243120,22528940,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[Peru] Lukianox,"Inmersive, beautifuly made, you can stick to B&W or full color mode. Storywise, I think it's pretty good but not excellent. Gameplay, requires some adapting but still very good. You're definitely gonna love the game mechanics. Overall 9/10 would play again.PS: This is one of those game that makes you want to explore everything."
76561197975567214,Recommended,243120,22507833,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Scrutinizer,"Actually somewhat challenging until you get very well geared up.  Probably not the best game for the deaf, as hearing little whistles, scratches, and grunts is one of the few ways you can tell there is an enemy nearby that you may not see yet because of how well they blend into their surroundings.  Hated the ending but loved the ride."
,Recommended,243120,28737095,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Serious Seriously Sam,"0/10 Not Spoopy EnoughActually, it's not that bad. It's a survival game where you have to find weapons and kill monsters with stealth. But who in their right mind tagged this game as a horror game? This is more action adventure stealh than it is horror. Graphics are good, controls fine, the game has an interesting feel to it. Need to play more of it sometime."
,Recommended,243120,15825468,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Monkee,"Betrayer has proven to be a game worth picking up.It's biggest selling point is it's beautiful graphical style, which really set the tone of the game.It's story started out very strong, told through a series of non-voiced text boxes which really was a positive aspect as it stayed in line with the overall theme of the game and didn't ruin the immersion.  Without ruining the plot, the theme is that you arrive on land after a ship wreck.  You meet a girl, and shortly thereafter you are unraveling the secrets of what happened to the inhabitants of the island.  The story is overall told very well, however one of the big downsides is the last reveal.  It's meant to be vague, but also was thrown together almost as if it were an afterthought.  Despite this, the rest of the game and plot is worth getting through.In terms of gameplay, one of my biggest gripes was in this department.  Some things were done fantastically, such as using environment to plan attacks, planning type of weapons for different enemies, and the fluidity between melee and ranged weapon use.   There was so much lost potential for what could have increased the immersion.  For example, all of the items can be found by using the map that you already have at the beginning of the game.  Most of the ""quests"" as you progress through the game require no thought - just simply find an item, bring it to a person, choose the only option to make you progress.  It reminded me a lot of Far Cry 3, which also for me lost it's appeal due to this idea of ""run here, kill this, make waypoint, hand in item"".  My suggestion to make this better?  If a sequel to Betrayer is made, I'd like to see something implemented such as in Condemned: Criminal Origins.  When you have to solve a mystery, you need to really engage the environment, piece together the clues, and figure out what happened.  Give the player choices with consequences, and allow it to have an effect on the plot.  Adding this aspect not only will help the player feel more like part of the story, but we can use our brains to take a break from the repetition.  It may also change the fate of certain characters and the overall ending if done right.With all that said, I really hope the developers plan a sequel.  This game has a lot of potential, and the next plot can really be fleshed out on the next go with good script writing.  Cheers to Blackpowder for a very successful game."
,Recommended,243120,11796559,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SassyNeutrino,spooky scary skeletons
76561197964036171,Recommended,243120,9621131,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,reborn,"All I can say is wow. Just bought the game and I can already tell that this game has potential. After I downloaded it and tried it to receiving the first update, the game ran a lot smoother. I hope the devs or the modding community could make a multiplayer aspect that would be the icing on the perverbial cake. I would recommend this game even at 30 dollars at this alpha stage."
76561198134557291,Recommended,243120,32898912,Posted: 27 June,all,AssertiveGinger Cs.money,love the game. So far one of my best summer sale purchases
,Not Recommended,243120,24003709,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gatts,"It's a pretty good game up until the end of the first chapter. Beyond that, the game repeats itself in cycles, going from exploration, combat, SPOOOOKY COMBAT- WOOOooooOOOO, then leaving the area. They had SO much potential to work with and tossed it for very weak writing and interesting mechanics.Watch a Let's Play instead."
76561198059734659,Recommended,243120,7865246,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Spindraft,Great new approach to delivery
76561198012120582,Not Recommended,243120,24400606,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,RaveDigger,constant high-pitched ringing simulator with too bright black-and-white graphics that will make your eyes burn.
,Recommended,243120,18118109,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","Betrayer is a game made by Blackpowder Games, a new development studio made up of members split off from Monolith Games, the creator of many of my favorite games. I don't know who went where in the split between what now remains of Monolith and what is now Blackpowder Games, but considering one group went on to make a creative and unique game called Betrayer and the other went on to mash together Ubisoft's franchise catalogue into one big homogenized Lord of the Rings game, I think it's somewhat clear to me which group to look forward to in the future.Betrayer is largely a game about exploration, and the game's design works fairly well towards it. The game's art style is mostly monochrome (though you can change the color settings in the options if you're a big loser baby), which both gives it a really great look and also serves a gameplay purpose by using color to define things like enemies and items. Sound is also used pretty extensively, serving as your compass as well as providing positional audio cues to help you find enemies before they find you, so headphones are recommended. The combat and story are also well-executed, and finding the stories of each of the members of the settlement is a lot of fun.However, one thing I will note is that the game has changed since I played it in Early Access. In the original releases, you were left to navigate on your own, using the map like you would a real one and navigating using landmarks and sounds. This worked really well in my opinion, and added a lot immersion to the exploration that made it feel like you were navigating a world on your own and not just following a dot on the map. But at some point along the line they updated the game, adding markers to the map that display both your position and the position of almost everything there is to find in the game. This isn't a deal-breaker, as these can all be disabled in the options, but I want to mention them because I would very highly recommend doing so as soon as you get the opportunity to. Leaving the map markers on is practically the equivalent of playing the game with a walkthrough, and I really wish they had defaulted them to being off so that they didn't encourage new players to play the game with them on and just follow the dots."
,Recommended,243120,25464121,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,LostSyndicate,Fun game
76561198041088552,Recommended,243120,23778565,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Monika's Big Brap,"Betrayer is a bad game. It's the kind of quality you'd shrug at if it were a student work. It's the kind of game built off of a handful of vague ideas that never really justify their existence. Knowing that it's shepherded by the minds behind F.E.A.R. only adds to its disappointment. Despite this, Betrayer gets to be an exceedingly rare type of game. One that come dawdling around only one every great while; it's inherently fun, fascinating, and beautiful.It's visual style is compelling, even if it makes some sections nigh unplayable. It's combat is janky and slow, but is so unlike anything else it becomes enjoyable. For every negative the game boasts, there's an equally unique and compelling reason to play. It's a rare thing indeed, to be as special a game as Betrayer, and if the idea of something like that speaks to you, then you should do yourself a favour and play it."
,Recommended,243120,15729544,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,VKhaun,"This is the video game equivalent of an archaeological dig.Betrayer is presented as an FPS game with stealth mechanics but that's all really very shallow. With only a fistful of enemy types, no bosses and only one model for each weapon with new versions simply increasing stats there's really nothing here but the lore and environment, which you will spend A LOT of time walking through.I still recommend the game because that lore is surprisingly good. It's split up into short bits (ghosts remember things as you remind them, short blurbs written about things you find, scraps of pages strewn about) so you won't feel like you're just reading a book. The game is composed of about a dozen short stories about the life of people in this lost colony, coming together to explain the source of all the madness around you.Rated -1/10, with all eleven points deducted for not having an autorun key.Recommended for anyone who's into lore and mysteries, and has a stack of quarters on hand to hold down the W key for them, though $20 was definitely way too much for such a short game."
,Recommended,243120,22262198,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Papa Emeritus III,Unnerving and Enthralling... 7/10
76561198129852723,Recommended,243120,15820650,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,theloltroll,I have only played a little bit but so far this is the most interesting and original game I have played in years
76561198260673373,Recommended,243120,31945708,Posted: 24 May,all,G!zmo,"Good ""UNREAL"" game. Game play Action with RPG together. Game story, a guy (you) investigates girl's murder on European colonization of the America time, selling, finding and  buying upgraded weapon on the way. Enemies are Spanish and native Americans."
76561198057933257,Recommended,243120,23696741,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Only Freeman,"THE GAME REQUIRES A 64 BIT SYSTEMI would recomend this game if you are into slow paced, enviromental games, where the object is to look and listen. The action is limited, and is enirely up to you. it is supposed to be stealth based, but what makes this game fun is that you can also go in guns blazing if you choose (but its very unlikely you will survive)The game comes off as a horror game, bt its more creepy. with ambeint sound and the occasional shock. but its a very solid game if you like slow paced games"
76561198005919137,Recommended,243120,12862085,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Provoker,"Original gameplay idea, not as easy as it seams.It is a different type of FPS/Adventure to try"
,Recommended,243120,15793575,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,313,"Like the game so far,, plus,, its 4 bucks NOW so get it and give it try,,"
,Recommended,243120,25563744,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,STNC | A Mechanical Mare,the only think I betray is my wallet
,Recommended,243120,15809390,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,The Real HecticHabib,Play about an hour of killing random skeletons rang the bell in the fort - had a heartattack. walked around in the dark got another jump scare by a skeleton jumping out of the ground. 10/10
76561198032243505,Recommended,243120,22776191,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BLUE TIGER,"Its a very unique and fun game, great as a snack between big games. I definitely recommend."
76561198007859011,Recommended,243120,18038642,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,deathfromthesea,I think this is with a doubt one of the most under rated games of the last couple years done by the guys who made blood and the great fear games.  Great story and setting.  Fantastic atmosphere.
76561198113014119,Recommended,243120,31837276,Posted: 19 May,all,Shadow Ops,Betrayerfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on.good game.
76561198175363045,Recommended,243120,23013183,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,tombfun38,"something different for fps's. great artwork, great game !"
,Recommended,243120,3392722,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Ban,black and white
76561198018675684,Recommended,243120,17952485,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Wolf,"It's a good game. I suggest turning the color on in the options menu at the start screen, makes the game a lot more enjoyable to look at.  The combat is pretty straightforward and it takes a minute to learn the basics but once you do it lots of fun. Exploring the maps and solving the storyline."
76561198023709903,Recommended,243120,11507727,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,¡Senor Senor!,memesarino
76561198085184194,Recommended,243120,11541456,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Alpha Wulf,This is a beautiful game! Whether you choose too play with or without color.Sandbox style world with great graphics and funny combat.Watch as I find ways too make the simplist things enjoyable!http://youtu.be/Ypry1R-JPeA?list=PLa6sC350hkM5h6gLI2mqHpWdHMdNtwsX-
76561198126074715,Recommended,243120,10778367,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Legend™,"pretty cool, but weird at the start"
,Not Recommended,243120,22834261,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hitt.william,"After Jim Sterling's recommendation, I really wanted to get into this. The hooks just didn't grab me though, and I never really wanted to figure out what happened in this world. I didn't find the world particularly interesting, as it was quite barren. However, the game has a neat graphical style, and does a competent job of creating an isolating mood."
,Not Recommended,243120,22629689,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,DoLph1N.,"Лично для меня игра сложна и не понятна...Жанр таких игр для едениц. Кто пришел за хоррором, его здесь не много...Кстате черно-белый можно убрать, и сделать все цветным, но тогда игра вообще УЖАС!"
76561197993593331,Not Recommended,243120,23387261,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,SkyrGosi,It gets boring very quickly.
,Recommended,243120,10224641,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,TheOnlyFury,"An incredibly detailed game that encourages thoughtful progression, meaningful inventory management and requires much thought to solve riddles and clues. The developers have added a coloring system that allows you to shade the game as you wish, but the stark black/white/red color scheme is gorgeous and artistic. One of the very few games that is living up to the promise it had as an early access title. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys those games that give a feeling of dread and horror."
76561198065092021,Recommended,243120,17466567,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Baby Shit,idk how i got this
,Recommended,243120,15898964,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Boney,Spent an hour playing in black and white before I noticed the colour slider in the options...
,Not Recommended,243120,22822831,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Craft4,"Unfortunatly i could not play the game because of a Bug/Defect in the Keybindings regarding the ""H"" key.Details are inside the forum post:http://steamcommunity.com/app/243120/discussions/0/598199244892981567/If one does not require any changes to the keybindings, this should be no issue at all. The game has some other special purpose keybindings from the game itself that can´t be changed or are not visible to the enduser - makes it unplayable if you are not a WASD type."
76561198288926106,Recommended,243120,24650436,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Tuuski Wuuski,Good but somtimes lag badly (old compurter).
,Recommended,243120,9681223,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Dank Meme,"Do you like No One Lives Forever? How about No One Lives Forever 2: A Spy in H.A.R.M.S. Way?If you answered yes to any of those, buy this game! If you never heard of them continue reading.The story? Discover that for yourself. An interesting twist on most games where you know the story and have to unravel the mystery of why the story is that way or to find an ending. In this game, you have to discover the story, the background, and see it to resolution. The gameplay is great.You should really wear headphones to get the full audio experience. Sure, there is an option to play it with color, but to complete the experience with headphones and be drawn into the world, you'll need to play it in black and white. The color was just added because there were so many people complaining that it was only black, white, and red. The developers were nice in giving people what they wanted, even at the expense of their vision. Color is nice, and once I beat the game in B&W, I'll probably replay it in color to see what I missed.Highly recommended."
76561197973669178,Recommended,243120,29091908,Posted: 7 January,all,Corpsefool,"This game is awesome! It's super scary and creepy. Has many adult themes in it, not pornographic. If you play it at night make sure you go pee/poo before cuz you will pee/poo your pants. I still haven't got the dev to replace all of my underpants."
,Recommended,243120,20234927,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Moustoffee,I'll give it a 5/7.
,Recommended,243120,14507403,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,relapse,Pros:- Semi-open world- Lots of story background- Insight of the former colonies lives- Interesting characters- Maidan in red is cute- Unique black and white visuals adding tothe immersion and the mysterious atmosphereof both the semi open world and its storyCons:- Limited amount of stuff to do in each map- Can get a bit repetitive after the 3rd or 4th map- The ending was a bit of a wtf moment
76561198138082110,Not Recommended,243120,19306548,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MAGA MILK,At first i thought the red white and black color scheme was cool but i quickly feel sick when playing the game.
,Recommended,243120,22385013,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,vanillaTHUNDAR,Why the hell did we start using guns?
,Recommended,243120,29405380,Posted: 21 January,all,Sviskebisk,garbage collector's special edition lol
,Recommended,243120,28653734,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Gonash,NICE!!!! More to come
76561198217419075,Not Recommended,243120,22591225,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,deankozmo,"Crash  crash x5 frezze,freez x4 stupid game  good world no game play .I am deleteing it before it wrecks my pc"
,Recommended,243120,31077872,Posted: 11 April,all,goeesi,Great game bit spooky tho
,Recommended,243120,19468203,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Gun Tech.,"Don't play this if you don't want a good scare. It got to me at least, with those sounds ;) A simple little gem in a cool setting. Black/white/red mode sets the mood well. No cinematics, but that's a positive, I like my games 100% gameplay. There's a bit of tedium cleaning up the 'ghosts' right before the end but that's the only negative. I think if you like open world adventure style action RPGs but also FPS shooters, or just like 'medieval stuff', this is a good little one to keep you until the next big one. I thought it was value for money for the 15 hours game time anyway. :)"
76561198100923828,Recommended,243120,11902776,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,jones.josh123,"This game is Interesting. Its challanging and rally makes you think about the world and story. You don't get much help, so you're really on your own. Its cool."
,Recommended,243120,9635099,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Panzerwurm,True fear is the skeleton you don't see.
76561198065867547,Recommended,243120,13529704,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DeN_DarK,"In short. Masterpiece.It is very beatifull game with atmosphere of Dark Souls, but with much better controls and graphic. Plot is very nice, and if game is slightly repeting in mechnics it is still very short and don't start to be boring. I finish this game in one day in full (all ghost released) - anyway I just can't turn it off before that. I think it is highest praise to any game. Then you just can't turn it off before the end.I will be waiting another game from this studio. This is for sure. I hope now they have enought money and fame to make longer game with much more text, long plot and scripts, and monsters and all. And once again - graphic was so good on Unreal Engine. They can use it again and again. It is very nice."
,Recommended,243120,13405826,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ginger Baker,"Excellent game. Very unique. It's a supernatural murder mystery set in 17th centruy North America. To solve you must explore the area around various forts to find clues, treasure, lost souls and the like. You must avoid spirts by using a bow or musket or pistol. As well, there is an alternate reality mode that you activate by ringing a bell. This allows you to see and do some things that you can't in ordinary mode. Very atmospheric game. A tip: learn to us the listen key or button as it will help greatly in finding stuff."
76561197989558825,Recommended,243120,26873708,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bus66vw,Game was playable and fun but not like any I played before. You had to buy into ghostsbeing real and defeat them. Not a hardware hog so good to go on low end systems.
76561198114944289,Recommended,243120,31751743,Posted: 14 May,all,SOFT ~,The bell.
76561198047710870,Recommended,243120,26309545,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Magnanimous,"Great atmosphere and great combat. It probably could have done without the items scattered around the wilderness, which ended up being very repetitive. Not perfect, but it's worth playing through once."
,Recommended,243120,14861465,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,SPOOKIE THE HACKER,very witchhousecool game.
,Recommended,243120,13144611,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,tripmind,"Good: The visual style is a smart way for players to seek small details in a seemingly endless forest. There are plenty of notable audio cues to guide the player to important quest objects as well as to detect enemies hidden in the forests. The combat mechanics are mostly well built and well polished, the encouters are mostly well balanced with just the right amount of complexity to make them challenging. The writing is creative even to the very end of the game and will still draw enough interest to carry on the story. The visual tones and audio cues allow this game to have a daunting feeling, even when you're 6 hours into the game, you'll steel feel some chill when you go into darkness.Bad: The stealth mechanic is gimmicky, once you shoot an enemy your position is immediately known by all enemies within range of that enemy. 100% stealth kills is not possible in this game. The listening mechanic is also a gimmick that forces that game into a completely linear experience. While it may be possible to complete investigations in different orders, relying on listening will ensure that you complete the game in the same sequence every single time. They should have just used quest markers like in skyrim, it serves the exact same purpose while saving the player some extra time that is spent honing in on ghosts/objectives. Exploring and finding chests simply is not that rewarding, aside from the slight chance that you'll find a very good weapon, most of the time you'll just get some gold or a charm that you might not even want to use. Perhaps if they didn't have anything interesting to put in such a big forest, then maybe they shouldn't have spent the time on making it so big in the first place.Ugly: This game simply turns into a linear chore after a while. You gather all the evidence while in light, then go into darkness and follow a string of dialogue and other bits to finish that zone. In essence this game is comparable to ""Dear Esther"" with some combat thrown into the mix. The primary content of the game revolves around going from place to place and reading dialogue. The combat itself might have some polished mechanics, its simply ruined by the unnecessary gear level system. There are like 4-5 different qualities of each weapon, and each one does slightly more damage than the last. the improvements are absolutely marginal, and in the final sequences of the game it seems frustrating that the items you just spent several thousand gold on don't seem to be making a real difference in how well you can kill things. Combine this with an annoying AI pathing system that ensures that the enemy you're about to hit with an arrow will zig zag around some terrain right as you shoot towards it, leaves the player longing for something slightly more polished and more fun.I would give this game a 7/10. It's not perfect, but its unique in its own way and offers some decent fun factor, its worth playing, but get it on sale."
,Recommended,243120,33246012,Posted: 4 July,all,Nick,"What a fantastic game! The atmosphere is amazing. Perfect match of scary with very decent stealth and combat. At the current price, it's a real steal."
,Recommended,243120,10884538,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ractre,6 / 10There is somthing  about the day  / night cycle that makes me quiver in some way.
76561197997529945,Recommended,243120,31179921,Posted: 16 April,all,Serious Sofa,"It's got a really unique visual style, uncommon setting and respectable sound design for a game I bought for 1$ It actually manages to build a convincing atmosphere for the first segment or so. It's a nice testament to being able to have an artistic edge while still very much being a traditional game instead of some walking simulator.That being said, I got it for 1$, so don't go in expecting something that will keep you gripped. The combat loses it's lustre pretty quickly and you quickly wind up wandering around aimlessly looking for something to do- you don't need to handhold the player per say but on an open island as big and frankly kinda empty as this, it honestly would have benefitted from a bit more of a linear design.6/10 it's one fricking dollar, tiny price to pay to explore a unique, if not flawed, indie piece."
,Recommended,243120,20555331,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Gibs,"spookin indians! learn about virginia, get spook"
76561197961522486,Recommended,243120,18230887,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,PUPPYKICKER,Hell yes.A bad♥♥♥♥♥dark horrorish themed game in the old times when gunpowder muskets and handcannons were the effing♥♥♥♥♥♥I began to fall in love with the Maiden in Red and yes I will say that she definitly had me whipped the whole game.  Oops sorry back to the review! I am just going to keep this short.  This game is a rare gem and I am more than happy I stumbled upon it.  The story is a journey that leads to climax and falling resolution which in this case there is a rather interesting ending and I will give nothing away and leave on this note.  I still love the Maiden in Red. She was worth every hour of this game alone. LOL oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ok I will stop after this sentence!
76561198077956723,Not Recommended,243120,19105821,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,staryzapomnij,"Avoid at all cost. Bought it and got refund. This game has nothing to offer besides running around completly empty world, talking to ghosts and collecting notes. And almost everything is marked on map."
76561197987047936,Recommended,243120,18482995,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,The Squid,"Betrayer is a solid game with its own unique style and a storytelling structure I really enjoy. While it is a little lacking in some areas, it lets you discover its story on its own, and the quality of that story kept me engaged.Full review:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2015/10/betrayer.html"
,Recommended,243120,11119354,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Skullkan6,"Betrayer is much a game that doesn't hand anything to you and after your starting items and explanation of how the world works, it's much a game that leaves you on your own to fight for everything you have.To be clear for those who are unsure if you like the visual style the game is going for, there are some very flexible options in the game that let you play with the color levels of the game so yes, you can play the game entirely in color even if you feel it might take away from the atmosphere.That being said, Betrayer isn't some big game you should go into expecting a horrorifying experience. Betrayer has a serious level of atmosphere, but it ISN'T a horror game. There's ghosts abound, enemies that can be somewhat unnerving or startling but it is not a horror game.It's a game about fighting off ghostly spaniards with the voices of hunting dogs and other ghastly creatures while trying to find clues as to what happened to this place that left it so lacking of life, a CSI Roanke if you will. That being said, some of the emotional punches of the game are lacking given that for likely budget reasons the game lacks voice actors.I see you running away at the sight of those words, and please don't. Betrayer is a rather interesting game, a great game to get a break from the norm you're used to. You're stuck with colonial era weapons like single shot pistols, bows, rifles and tomahawks (all with their own upsides and downsides) which in addition to the health system at play which gives the intertwined combat and exploration a feel closer to hunting or carefully managing your supplies so you can stay alive longer and keep going.Fights will often turn into an affair where the roles of the hunter and the hunted switch constantly as you and your mostly spaniard persuers trade rather high damage attacks. This is one of the few games I can think of where stealth isn't just a way to play that the game gives you if you for some reason don't prefer going guns blazing, but rather a rather sensible way to lessen your chances of getting seriously hurt and having to head back.That being said, as atmospheric as the game is, and as cool as many of the concepts behind the game are, it can't hide it's budget for long. As cool as the location is and as tense as the combat can be, this is not a game I'd reccomend marathoning.There's about 1 or maybe 2 if you're lucky new enemies every area you progress and after a while the gameplay mechanics can rub you the wrong way after having to listen to the wind and run toward the next clue for the 6th time with the same tricks employed over again. I'd personally reccomend taking breaks and playing something else every area or two just to keep things feeling a tad more fresh.That being said, if you've liked the hunting feeling bits in games like Far Cry 3 or Skyrim, like atmosphere and exploring strange places and want to see a game that's not afraid to put you into a situation where a stand-up fight is not only a costly idea but one that might get you killed later down the line, I can't see a game that would give you a better breath of fresh air."
,Recommended,243120,31361606,Posted: 25 April,all,Kristoffer,You can play this in colour???Dat ending tho
,Recommended,243120,24046931,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Guts,very gud
,Recommended,243120,34380100,Posted: 20 August,all,Sinbolt,Game with a world that catch our eyes in the first times indeed. Great sound design as well.Combat is not that good and the objectives are a litle bit boring.Map is ok...i've seen worse.Is a mediocre game but still recommend.
,Not Recommended,243120,18636902,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Darvo Blackbird,Clunky combat and hard to see enemies and objects (white view) makes this a annoying game to play. Hitting stuff is also pretty hard but not for the enemy if I move around they still hit me full on if they move I just hope for a lucky shot. The only way you know it will hit your target is if you hit the centre body. Also I feel like I need to use the map function to much to find quest items.
76561198013462546,Recommended,243120,21532827,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,7thsojurn,"It takes a little time to get use to the combat of the enemy and how or what your doing but once you do you'll find this game has excellent game play and controls and the envirement design view is very nice, here a few tips use color change in options to inprove the view it starts out to dark and in black and white add color or don't it up to you but this game has a good story and what i feel that makes this a great game is one of my biggist complaints and no one seems to be listing its the map design suck on allmost ever game iv'e played latly but on this game it has the best map I've ever seen, it even shows ever detail of items and things you need to get to proceed in the game i love this game and here one more big tip just use sneak and the bow most of the time and you'll do fine...The only con/ is the save puts you back at the main save points when you die so you'll have to go all the way back to the point you die at, but this is no big deal. I give this game a 9/10 for one of the best game yet..."
,Recommended,243120,22837633,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Da Fluffanator,It was aight.
,Recommended,243120,32419567,Posted: 14 June,all,Saint,I got betrayed by my friends on minecraft so i played this and it betrayed me too.
,Not Recommended,243120,20433731,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Smitchface,This game isn't very fun. It's kind of like a 'search for an item' sim.
,Recommended,243120,31148563,Posted: 14 April,all,Legend27,Love the game but iwould the ability to add markers to the map and use the overhead compass like in skyrim to navigate. But a word of warning first the game doesnt start you out with that much of a storyline and is slow passed at least to me. the story is worth the wait though.
,Recommended,243120,29750934,Posted: 6 February,all,Pinkie Pie,"It's pretty good game. If your pc is trash and graphics are like dirt it doesnt matter because the game is black and white, performance is fine."
76561198280985569,Recommended,243120,29057680,Posted: 6 January,all,Pvt. Prtz,Nice game cool weapons good gameplay. Good show !  ......  wow just completed it if your a fan of idi open world survival horror first person. Buy it.
,Recommended,243120,15102168,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,"✪『Sex, Drugs & C++』","Crouch-walked around a corner in a fort with a musket, find myself face to face with a spaniard, shoot him in the face at point blank range.It apparently counted as a stealth kill and showed progress for the steam achievement8/8"
76561197978162970,Not Recommended,243120,9638676,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,DERGONS,"I was planning on actually getting near completion of the game to give myself more credibility, but I can't;  the game's just that boring. The main selling point of Betrayer is the atmosphere, but it's just stripped away from the lack of suspense. Betrayer offers a midieval stealth based combat system; the stealth based is a lie. The story is as lifeless as the aparitions telling it. The graphics, which may seem pretty at first, just start seeming bland and uninspired. It just dosent feel like this game is actaully finished. This is most evident with the combat system. Here's a list of each weapons/items I've encountered that ruin any appeal the game could have had.Bow- Its not even a bow. The arrows have no arc, nor does the bow or any other weapon have recoil/spread. Your cursor is a white dot that never changes from weapon to weapon.Tomahawk- This thing just breaks any fear you would have had from the enimies. Every enemy I've hit with this thing died instantly no matter were I hit them; every other weapon requares a headsot for an istant kill.The knife- Why even use this if you have the tomahawk?The flask- Not a weapon, but this is another major factor that ruins the horror and diffiulty. Its basically a health potion which heals about half your health instantly. This just lets the player run up to an enemy, heal any damge just dealt, and throw a tomahawk right into the enemy's face. There's also barrals to refell your flask scattered everywere.I also would like mention that the only difficulty setting this game has is an option to make the enemys weaker. Thing is that the Ai is so stupid that I can just run around in circles, and for the most part come out unharmed.I've been reading other reviews saying that this game has been in early access. Is this what Steam calls finished?p.s.- You can buy Amnesia: A machine for Pigs for about the same price as this game"
,Recommended,243120,12332403,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Manish,"Visually rich, mystery/horror game, with an engaging story and highly demanding combat system."
,Not Recommended,243120,29573945,Posted: 29 January,all,Hilamonsta,Starts off as a creepy intrigue but becomes an annoying chore after only a few hours.  I gave up after the game all but told me that the area I had been tromping around in had been cleared of danger only to get ambushed by yet another group of enemies that I had no desire (or resources) to fight at that moment.
76561198086505175,Not Recommended,243120,16846980,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"My overall rating for Betrayer: 71/100Betrayer is set in New England, year 1604. The mystery, what wiped out the whole colony is to be solved by you, an unknown adventurer in a grim world coloured by white, dark and red. Game promised to be a stealth detective horror experience, what was not always fulfilled. But let's see in detail.GAMEPLAY+ Wide locations+ Various enemies+ Day/Night possibility+ Possibility to turn off hints and still find your goals- Grinding and collecting things- Tendency to be repetetive and boring- Stealth not always possibleGameplay is definitely the weakest part of whole game. Though there are various locations you can explore and feel free to do so, enemies designed as Spanish soldiers, or ghosts and skeletons at night, most of the time you will be running from one end of map to another and collect things needed for the solution.Progress is linear, clear the map, release all the spirits and move to next region. I got bored several times here, even the horror atmosphere was weaker, because I could expect the same change after moving to the night and back. It seemed later to me, that day is even more scary than the night!It states here, that it should be a stealth game, but a lot of enemies appear right next to you, when you are passing them by, so there are not a lot of chances to get them undetected. That pays also for groups, longbow or crossbow, stealthy or not, you are hunted by the whole group, does not matter what your tactics are.But there is one point, that you cen turn off your hints and try your detective skills at their best. Good luck!VISUALS+ Perfect atmosphere in a comics' book style+ Details of armours and colonial stuff- Possibility to play in regular coloursAt this part of the title, I am amazed. The white-dark-red combination set a grim and uneasy atmosphere, it really has somethign from horror, I do not recommend to set natural colours, because after that, it becomes just a colonial-style FPS. What Betrayer is not at all.CHARACTERS+ Variety of characters+ Releasable or banishable- Most of them are not important for the storyThere are plenty ghosts, their stories need to be revealed. You can search and find out, what was their crime, or that they were victims. But most of them are just for keeping players in the game and their only purpose is to unlock next destination. But in the end, you can decide, whether their acts are forgivable or not. Interesting point.SOUNDTRACK+ Eerie sounds- Not existingEerie sounds are good for this type of game, but in the end, it is not sufficient to create all the impression from playing. It is just a part of the composition and there needs to be something more, that drives player further into the story. And there was nothing else, sadly. What a waste of potential.SUMMARYBetrayer had a great potential to be one interesting and captivating game. But it seems to me, that the developers did not see, or were not able to use it all and their work acts half-finished and tacky. I was very puzzled after finishing, open end did not change anything and it was predictive as hell.Therefore, I can not recommend this game. Either buy it during a huge sale (-75% at least), or, better, watch a gameplay from YouTubers."
,Recommended,243120,28306881,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,npocmaka,👍	👍	👍	👍	👍	👍	👍
,Recommended,243120,12787217,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,teacheЯ,"Betrayer is a nice game, but you shouldn't get any false expectations.For starters, it's not a horror game. It's not scary. Well, sometimes you'll be startled, but mostly it's just creepy and unsettling. Something like an Edgar Poe story.Another thing - there's not much going on. You'll be running around, occasionally fighting skeletons and such, reading notes and trying to find all clues before proceeding to the next area. Yes, it's repetitive. There's almost no gameplay progression throughout the entire game, except for some tougher enemies introduced and some new equipment gathered. Once you learn the mechanincs the game becomes quite easy, too. Especially since you have infinite respawns, as well as infinite sources of loot.If these characteristics don't look like critical flaws to you, well, then you'll most certainly enjoy what Betrayer has to offer:- Story. Remember what i said about Edgar Poe? Add some Fenimore Cooper to the mix and wrap it up with Silent Hill, and you'll get a hint of what Betrayer is about. I'm not gonna say it's something AMAZING, but the setting is original, the characters are believable and the main storyline is intriguing enough to hold you tight till the end. Lots of good ol' reading, too.-Visuals. Doesn't matter if you play in monochrome, as intended originally, or if you use the full palette, Betrayer's visual style is captivating. The haunted forest you're scrambling through looks stunning in its every form, and it really helps to immerse yourself into the game's world. It's actually amazing how indie developers nowadays could achieve this without the need for high budget.-Sound. The game doesn't have much to offer in terms of different sound effects, but the ones present actually make up an imortant part of the gameplay, as you've got to listen carefully in order to find clues. This feature is implemented perfectly. Atmospheric noises are decent, too.-Gameplay. As repetitive as it gets, it's still not so bad. You get some RPG elements, like weapons ranging in quality and magic charms that boost your attributes. Exploring for clues and loot is fun, and there's also fast travel in case you'll get tired of running around. Combat gets a lot less challenging over time, rendering stealth elements almost useless, but it still feels rewarding shattering those spectres' skulls or putting down a zombie with a tomahawk.Overall, Betrayer is an enjoyable experience, with some original gameplay ideas, rather nice story and great visuals. If you like slow-paced games, centered around exploring and collecting stuff, try it out. But if you expect an action-packed heart-pounding thriller - better move along, or else you'll be disappointed."
76561198086545971,Not Recommended,243120,15894475,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,jacob4408,"Had a lot of potential but the experience is too restrictively narrow.  Unless you play the game the exact ""right"" way that the devs expect you to, you can't progress.  I googled, read the forums (including dev responses) and still couldn't progress because I wasn't properly following the vague esoteric ""audio clues"".I had very high hopes and enjoyed the first few hours but it soon turned into a constant series frustrations. Primary among these was the fact that enemies respawn and player location resets anytime you save the game. If you clear the map of enemies and are sitting at the exit but have to save the game for any reason (yes, I have children, a job and a life outside of gaming) when you load your supposed save, you are back at the beginning and all enemies are repopulated.  Why push a boulder up the hill only to have it roll back down once you reach the top?Noble ambitions but poor execution."
,Not Recommended,243120,9663034,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,AFGNCAAP,"This game has so much potential, but falls short due some odd decisions made both at the start of the game with the tutorial which i found to break immersion completely, and the chunky combat mechanics.I would, however, still recommend this game to anyone looking to explore a world with a fascinating visual style and detailed meticulously designed environments."
,Not Recommended,243120,19036916,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,thatgregbowes,"Pretty cheese game, I wouldn't pay more than $1 for it."
76561198134742750,Recommended,243120,19039016,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Cocaine is good for kids,Hard game but pretty fun
76561197995848844,Recommended,243120,31097771,Posted: 12 April,all,Osiz,"I bought this game on sale (0,99€) and i most say the game so far is realy good."
,Recommended,243120,15677696,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sixcorby,♥♥♥♥♥ raider
76561198122821171,Not Recommended,243120,16210829,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Capitan Von Ticklehoffen,Not a bad game but crashes far too often :/
76561198040704005,Recommended,243120,13396527,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,GyroMan,"ok looks like a cool game wait its not even a game its a virus dang you betray..... ohhhhhh it WASNT  a game it ""betrayed"" me well, wasnt worth 20$ i could get it for free oh well so worth!"
76561197996620027,Recommended,243120,32956104,Posted: 28 June,all,smellydirt,Really cool art.
76561198272963760,Recommended,243120,33723192,Posted: 22 July,all,WyrmWolf130,"Hello darkness, my old friendI've come to talk with you againBecause a vision softly creepingLeft its seeds while I was sleepingAnd the vision that was planted in my brainStill remainsWithin the sound of silenceIn restless dreams I walked aloneNarrow streets of cobblestone'Neath the halo of a street lampI turned my collar to the cold and dampWhen my eyes were stabbed by the flash of a neon lightThat split the nightAnd touched the sound of silenceAnd in the naked light I sawTen thousand people, maybe morePeople talking without speakingPeople hearing without listeningPeople writing songs that voices never shareAnd no one daredDisturb the sound of silenceFools, said I, you do not knowSilence like a cancer growsHear my words that I might teach youTake my arms that I might reach youBut my words, like silent raindrops fellAnd echoed in the wells of silenceAnd the people bowed and prayedTo the neon god they madeAnd the sign flashed out its warningIn the words that it was formingAnd the sign said, the words of the prophets are written on the subway wallsAnd tenement hallsAnd whispered in the sounds of silence"
76561198026323982,Recommended,243120,32894726,Posted: 27 June,all,Than,"Mysterious atmosphere keeps you on your toes, enemies can surprise you and the ever-present feel of dread make this game one of the best titles I've seen so far."
,Recommended,243120,24759366,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,KrigarNooben,"I so wished I could get my♥♥♥♥♥♥to acctully play this title sometime, but I keep postpone it for some reason.From the hours I have spent ingame I know its good; just not as good as Rocket League and Marvel Heroes that keep eat my time."
,Recommended,243120,23944613,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,thatericguy,"A well made action game, not too short, not too long. Interesting story. You can play with or without color."
,Recommended,243120,10719448,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,This Is Dark Wolf,"Love this game. Nuff said. Find out for yourself.*Edit August 12, 2014.I beat the game finally. Been busy with other things. I finally got  the chance to finish the game. Still love it. Hard as nails game. Annoying enemies also. But it wouldn't be a game if it didn't have difficult enemies. Have at it."
,Recommended,243120,31251971,Posted: 20 April,all,Victoria,I really hate how the monster keep notice me from the distance..1/10 probably the most op monster ever..
,Recommended,243120,9647465,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Saint Satan,7/10 it's pretty good and has a decent price.PS: If you don't play in black and white then you're a massive ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,243120,9666537,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,rustnMAN,"Betrayer attempts to do a lot, but rarely does it go beyond anything other then a good game.The story itself is okay, almost a noir style set during a time period with mustkets, indians, and spainards.    It does provide you with a decent mystery that keeps you giong through the motions.The gameplay is very generic, especially at first.  However it is still fun, it definitely could have been improved upon, such as the bow feels rather anti-climactic.   The way you discover clues is okay, you basically uncover parts of a story an then have to go find the rest of the story by uncovering secrets such as a body on the ground, or talking to people.The eviornments themselves are very atmospheric and very enjoyable.A.I. is basic, there are times when they can be very challenging especially when you start to encounter different enemies.All in all a game that could have done a lot more with what it had.   However that being said it is worth a playthrough.  Check out my playthrough on youtube for an idea of what to expect.rustnMAN's Betrayer Gameplay"
,Recommended,243120,29862932,Posted: 11 February,all,Pretty Good,"It's a game were you fight armormen, skeletons and fireboys with really old guns that take five minutes to load one bullet."
,Recommended,243120,15879880,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Pedro from Peru,vry niec1
,Not Recommended,243120,22278686,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ftstani,"Good for an indie title. But the game could benefit greatly from voiced dialogue. The premise has a lot of potentional that could be realized by a bigger budget.  However, as it exists it is not very engaging. The monsters aren't particularly frightening; the astmosphere isn't particularly chilling. For example, you are an 17th century English explorer and discover that the King's colony is a ghost town. Then you encounter a spirit. Then you enter an Otherworld, which seems to be similar to Silent Hill's Otherworld. There's a Maiden in Red who has amnesia. After seeing all this, you plod along as if it's Sunday at Nottingham. Meh.Edit: Having just looked up the plot, it does seem like an interesting story. But the lesson is no matter how interesting it is you must get there first. I'm not going to spoil the plot, but basically it is FEAR with muskets and bows, and instead of a fictional government agency you are an English explorer.As to what is scary, FEAR was scary when it came out. Most recently there is Layers of Fear. The latter doesn't involve any firearms and is basically a walking simulator, but when it comes to that crawling sensation, it's top-notch. Though there were definitely a few sequences in that game where I wished I had a knife or something. Sending a man unarmed into a haunted mansion is not cool."
76561198013337409,Not Recommended,243120,9658361,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,dongosaurus_rex,"This game has so much going for it but ultimately completely falls flat.You never know wtf it is you're supposed to be doing. Unless that is, you're getting gangbanged by 7 enemies at once, in which case, run. The only way to survive most encounters is to sneak up on the enemy. Which means you end up slowly crouch walking the entire game. Otherwise, you suddenly get spotted by 5 enemies, appearing out of nowhere, with SWAT sniper accuracy.The graphics are nice. The setting is new and interesting. It has the trappings of an interesting story but you're basically doing boring fetch quests.It's a shame because this game feels like it's so close to something. Maybe it eventually pays off? But you're probably going to get bored and annoyed before that comes due to lack of direction and obnoxious combat/harassment."
,Not Recommended,243120,9697019,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,JohnSuitepee,"This game starts off promising enough, but after the third area it ends up being a repetitive and disappointing game. Avoid."
76561197970538611,Recommended,243120,10521405,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Westenra,Horror-themed FPS set in the 1600's New World with STALKER-esque map progression and guns that take 10 minutes to reload? SHUTUP AND TAKE MY MONEY
76561198089699252,Not Recommended,243120,26484421,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,orrnot2b,"This game had so much potential when I first started playing.  The idea was original and the setting was intriguing.  I was so excited to see the way that English and Spanish colonialism would be compared by the game, and then the added element of Native American interactions was especially exciting.  And then the game did nothing with the differences between these groups.  The enemies are all the same.  The tasks and quests are completely repetitive.  You are forced to march back and forth over large maps with very few fast travel points.  Even worse, they make you visit and revisit these maps over and over again, spending at least half of your gameplay time running across repetitive landscape to visit places you have already been three times.  Also the ending was jarring and forced.   There are better games to spend your time and money onl"
76561198397510390,Not Recommended,243120,35098167,Posted: 20 September,all,DickAssley,"Don't be tricked my the very positive reviews, they spent all the time on the graphics and none on the gameplay, sucks and isnt worh even 2 bucks."
,Not Recommended,243120,11089994,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dr. Butt Seuss,"Waste of time, the game starts you off running on a treadmill placed inside a landfill and you never really get anywhere worthwhile. At the end of the game you're still in the same dump doing the same thing (following sound looking for clues) and fighting the same old enemies. Stay away"
,Not Recommended,243120,10776502,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dande313,"It had an interesting concept, being based on Roanoke. I enjoyed the color scheme, with black, white, and red. The combat loosly felt like Morrowind, and was enjoyable for a little while. And I enjoy a good story. But this game quickly felt like Slenderman, without the horror element. ""I'm wandering through a forrest looking for pages and I don't know why"". It was a hard game to get into, with a lot of trying to figure things out on your own. The Spaniards sounded like wookies. I just couldn't get into it."
,Not Recommended,243120,35032852,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,"The striking visual design looks great in screenshots but lackluster in practice. The design is minimal, with enemy AI mostly boiling down to ""run at the player as fast as possible until dead""."
,Not Recommended,243120,29069792,Posted: 6 January,all,Dungeon Masterson,"This game has a unique graphical style and a really creepy atmosphere- at first. The opening of the game and the discovery of the first settlement are eerie. The ringing of the bell is outright shocking and really scary. Unfortunately, after that wears off, there's nothing to keep the player on their toes and interested, or to escalate the creepiness again. The game becomes a series of fetch quests and loses its impact. Some variety in the environments could have helped- although it's set in a period when there weren't a lot of buildings or manmade things around, exploration of caves or battle sites could have added to the creep factor quite a bit. Maybe more of an examination of the witch trials, and more interation with actual humans. I understand that the isolation and loneliness of the empty world are a big part of the game's aesthetic, but I think it would have benefitted from something like Silent Hill 2- a small cast of enigmatic, somewhat threatening characters could have added a lot to the game and not made it feel so much like a walking simulator with some creepy elements."
,Recommended,243120,9624917,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,eltsoldier,Its basically a short story with minor open world elements about indians and well white people you know how the story gos
76561197971014847,Not Recommended,243120,11891920,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,sammerguy,Failed to grab me. They story seems promising and the graphics are really nice but there is very little to do. Add to that the near omnipotent enemies and it just killed the game for me.Once it get cold in the winter and I play more games I'll give this another go and see if I need to change this review.
,Recommended,243120,9639092,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Atermi,"This is basically the Sir, You Are Being Hunted, but with a better visual style, less annoying enemies, and actually things to do.Compared to Sir, this game lacks crafting and a multitude of items to be claimed, but offers a quest and dialogue system instead, and a lot of collectibles which all combine into a story.If you like Sir You Are Being Hunted, Stalker, Dark Souls, you'll love this game, too."
76561198060257844,Not Recommended,243120,22962707,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dracula Spelled Backwards,"This game is like spending 8 hours running in circles on the first map of Silent Hill, then giving up and reading the summary of the plot on Wikipedia.Starts well with great creepy atmosphere and sound, and ends up having a pretty good story and ending.  The problem is that this game is fun for about an hour at the start, and about an hour at the end, but the 5 or 6 hours in between are incredibly tedious, repetitive, and pointless.  You will run in circles for hours covering identical areas to find clues that tell you nothing and fighting the same enemies over and over, until any sense of fear or curiosity is burned out of you by sheer over exposure.  Even accidentally skipping over some minor and insignificant clue will force you to go back and search for it, only to learn that it ""reveals"" some uninteresting fact you had already guessed hours ago.The sidequests are what ruin this game.  Even the sidequests that have a plot and point to them, you'll either figure out what happened or stop caring long before you finish the breadcrumb trail.  And the game forces you to do every single time sink of a sidequest to progress to the main story, requiring a huge amount of backtracking and busywork in a game that was already painfully repetetive.I would mark it as neutral, just for the visuals and sound, which are excellent, but that isn't an option.  I can't really reccomend it unless you enjoy very slow, meticulous, and repetetive games."
76561197977069906,Not Recommended,243120,15755018,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,"This game marks important objects in red.  I'm colour blind and I can't see red, so I just die all the time.  Colour configuration options allow you to change every colour int he game... except the red.  0/10."
,Recommended,243120,11748246,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Supreme Arabian Gentleman,i easily became an mlg at this game in under 50 minutes.
,Not Recommended,243120,31845762,Posted: 19 May,all,DarkWing,"Wouldn't launch no matter what I did, initially payed $10 for this no wonder it's been brought down it's a horribly optimised game."
,Not Recommended,243120,33110191,Posted: 1 July,all,x2_TailedFox_98,Worth it if you get the game on sale. Not really worth $5 to me.
76561198068511233,Not Recommended,243120,17394778,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,brandon the sergal,.
76561197965278525,Not Recommended,243120,16106075,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ragnarok and roll over,mehtrayer
,Not Recommended,243120,18954591,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Grimm Darko,It Sucks
,Not Recommended,243120,19538689,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Penors | Jocker,worst game I never want to touch again........it looks great but the story line sucked I dont think I made it past 20 minutes on it....it was just so boring
,Not Recommended,243120,20273823,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fidelis,2deep4me
,Recommended,243120,32045100,Posted: 29 May,all,Panopticon,"This is an interesting game.A very experimental and artistic piece.Might seem repetitive and boring to some, but if what you want to play is a COD game or something like that, you might as well walk away.Beautiful art design."
,Not Recommended,243120,33085095,Posted: 1 July,all,Chemi <3,"i was super hyped about this game when it came out.. very interesting art style.. BUT.. 1st time i played it i quit after 2h and didn't touch it for years. wanted to finish it on stream as part of my ""pile of shame"" series.. well this was the 4th game played and the 1st to be uninstalled..https://clips.twitch.tv/YummyHedonisticAardvarkAllenHuhu#becauseits♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,243120,9680362,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Hom Tanks,"4 Hours in this game, I still cant see how this game resembles Monoliths work, the developers of acclaimed series' F.E.A.R and NOLF. Perhaps the only thing i sense in this is the ridiculous difficulty level in the game. The only way to deal with enemies in this game is stealth; no other way around it as there are rifles and whatnot but its not suited for that gameplay with mobs closing in on you. The games default look and aesthetics hurt my eyes, so i had no choice but to put down the contrast and raise some color but this game really is meant to be played in black and white because there are red visual cues (Sin City) that let you know when a enemy is in the distance where as in color, its hard to spot. There are no character and personality between the people you are supposed to help, so when i find quests and stuff to do, I lack the inspiration to do so. I find it really hard to give 20 dollars to a game that still feels like its in early access. Also, pressing X for audio cues on what to do next is the dumbest way to find missions."
,Not Recommended,243120,10715806,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,striker93,"I like the over all sytle to the game, but besides the first 10-15 miniutes of the game its pretty pointless. All you do i walk around trying to figure out what the hell to do because it gives you no indication of what to do while finding an enemy every 50 feet that can 2-3 shot kill you, while you have to hit it again and again because no matter where you hit you always seem to bounce."
76561198015118025,Not Recommended,243120,10737630,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sullenity,"I'm trying to enjoy this game but I'm having a hard time.  The visuals are astounding, asides that... I expected Skyrim like combat, and got an arrow to the knee."
76561198042132122,Not Recommended,243120,11463652,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Asbo_Flemzo,"This game truely disappointed, i waited until the finish product, in no way is this game finished, the hearing system is utterly pointless, you will end up walking in circles not knowing what your supposed to do in a very unpopulated world. The art style which i was looking forward to ends up making it near impossible to spot the tiny things your looking for.5/10 poor"
76561198071548134,Recommended,243120,33684928,Posted: 20 July,all,The True Correct Guy,Betrayer? I hardly know 'er!(Ba dum tss)
,Not Recommended,243120,11343076,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ReDD eFFect,"Storyline is so vague that it doesn't feel like anything is happening. Gameplay is extremely limited and boring, enemies are easily kited and if they aren't the amount of ranged damage they can do is negligable. Booooooooooring"
,Not Recommended,243120,13967857,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Apparently Kid,"Wanted so badly to like this game but just couldn't. The trailers and pictures make it look much different of a game than what it is. The game starts out nice enough with you crash landed, and there are good parts. The white contrast is striking and very different from anything normally used in games. The atmosphere is good with the sounds of nature, rustling of the wind, and original feeling of lonliness. Those are the only positive things to say. The game is plain boring. You wander around these giant open similar looking forests and go into empty towns for the entire game. There is no story or direction, just basically open chests, and read random scaps of paper that don't add to the game or story at all and just include things like ""papa got lost in the woods tonight, guess I'll have to go find him."". The scraps don't come together in any real way and are basically incoherent and worthless. The problem is you don't know what you're doing or why you're doing it. Oh ok I found a few clues, what do those do and what am I supposed to do with them. The game never changes are there is only 1 person you see. I get the game does the ""no hand-holding"", but just walking around hoping to find random collectables that are impossible to see half the time because they are on the ground and not visible enough, just isn't fun. The combat is not good as guys just rush at you in giant packs and then can hit from you super far away as your guns take 20 in to reload. The money system makes no sense as you pick up 3 gold and 30 gold from chests but you need like 700 to buy 1 thing, and its an upgrade for 5 damage on a weapon so you blow all your money on nothing. The charms you wear give worthless stats like 4% better reload speed (why even waste your time making use of charms if they are a waste?). The stealth doesn't work 2/3 the time as a guy sees you while turned sideways and who is 300 feet away. You use the same 3 guns the whole game. I got stuck towards the end because even though clearing totems get's you to the next area, for this area it didn't work for some reason, and I still don't know why or what I was supposed to do instead. There are things like crosses and clues and scraps but you have no idea if you need to collect them, or they are just superfluous, or if they actually accomplish something. Back to the drawing board guys, this is literally a game wandering around collecting objects that you don't know what to do with and are hidden while you get shot at by guys that run up and stand there. No better way to describe the game. 4.5/10"
76561198104531569,Not Recommended,243120,12100777,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Redundant Walrus,Not my type of game
,Not Recommended,243120,10691496,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,EscapeVelocity,"It seemed like it could be fun, but the whole game lacks polish. I enjoy adventuring through the open world, but the poor combat makes every enemy encounter a chore."
76561197974908396,Not Recommended,243120,10734519,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,StackOberon,"Walking. Walking. Walking. Walking. Walking. Look c chest! It has 20 coins! Walking.Walking.Walking, Wal....zzzzzzzz."
,Not Recommended,243120,10947950,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Chronomaly,Love to read? Hate playing games? Good news; this is for you.
76561198043449693,Not Recommended,243120,13123193,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Mad Dog,Gets boring after a few hours.
76561198118658900,Not Recommended,243120,34406989,Posted: 21 August,all,SneakySnash91,"this game isnt very fun, if I had it to do over again I would not have purchased this game."
76561197972586579,Recommended,243120,31108437,Posted: 12 April,all,Revengance,Fun Morrowind sim.
76561198021450143,Not Recommended,243120,9660723,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,jerry.fleetwood00,"I, and a lot of people as dumb as I apparently am, bought the 'early access"" to this game.  We reported bug after bug, we got into some really good discussions with the developers where we felt they really listened to us, (and maybe a few where they didn't).  We waited for each new update andicipating some good changes.  Updates 2, 3 and 4 came within just a few weeks of each other.  Then nothing.  Then months later, bang, finished product.  But.....where is it?  Sure they completed the missing areas, and changed a bit of the storyline which made it a bit more interesting.   But the text interface still looks like it was created using notepad.  And don't give me that ""we wanted to make it look old timey""  or ""we wanted to make it simple like the black and white world"".  That's total BS, you didn't want to spend the money on developing an interface that looks like you put some thought into it.  The map interface still sucks, where is the ""you are here"" marker?  It's still WAY to hard to tell game elements from background scenery, even worse from a distance.  You still can't tell which way a spaniard is facing from a distance if he's not moving.You have to sneak everywhere, or pretty soon you'll get suddenly noticed, for no reason at all, by 7 enemies at once that converge on you from all directions.  You'll die, when you respawn, all your stuff will be in the middle of all those enemies, that ALSO respawned!There are no storyline cues, you just have to wander around and hopefully remember, and be able to make some sense of , everything you read.  There are no quests.  My understanding is that somewhere in the course of the game you find a way to  ""heal"" the world and make everything in color again but the game has no quest path to this goal, you just have to guess and hope you get it right.As far as I can tell there is no ""you are here"" marker on the map, so you don't know where it is you are standing once you leave the fort.  And there are at least 3 different ""paths"" marked in the map that you wouldn't know you are standing on by looking at the world itself, so it's nearly impossible to make sure you've walked the whole map.  The developers promised to fix this by making fast travel points on the map but how can you fast travel somewhere you can't find because you can't navigate to it in the first place?Don't buy this game.This is yet another example of the ""let's get this to production as soon as possible, I don't care if it's not ready"" philosophy.  If I hadn't have bought the early access to what sounded like a cool concept, and I had played a demo of the game as it is now.  I would never buy it."
76561198035054806,Not Recommended,243120,13187103,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,sara_bear,I hate the color scheme they used for this game. The controls are akward too. This game really could have used either more money or time before it came to market. And no I didn't buy early access.
,Not Recommended,243120,11300722,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,DeadlyDoRight,Enemies are ridiculously hard to deal with even on an easy level.The weapons you have aren't really effective and worthless.You die too quickly as a result and being stealthy doesn't always work.They also happen to be expensive and money in this game is hardto come by.I lost my patience dealing with this game and I simply deleted it.I really can't recommend this to anyone.
,Recommended,243120,10699290,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,maplesyrupghost,Horror-Skyrim.10/10.
,Not Recommended,243120,11469116,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,gamerstu,This game is pointless and boring lacking any real story from the beginning. Note to self...never buy a game that's black and white.
,Not Recommended,243120,28766825,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hipcola,"It's sandboxy, die and try again, kill baddies to get better at killing baddies, collect the things, stealth but not really, horror but not really... INDIE GAME.But not really. The studio that made this are backed by some big talent, people with real games to their names. But this feels like an indie game. Something that came to be in a bedroom.There's no real focus, no tension, no pacing. You'll be completely numb to the enemies within minutes, which is a shame, because there's definetly something to them, their wreckless charges, their dead stare as they aim at you. There might have been a real sense of fear and dread at the sight of them if it wasn't so easy to pop them all in the head and take their dead coin like a soul reaving robin hood.The visuals? Marmite. You're given lots of sliders so you can alter that harsh black and white to something more your taste. It's not core to the game; for something so striking it seems strange to allow players to turn the 'art style' off. I personally toned it down just a pinch and I really believe I improved on the default setting. You know, the one the artists chose. Bunch of wasters."
,Not Recommended,243120,24134599,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,UndeadALK,I wanted to give this game a positive review at first but constant technical difficulties and annoying gameplay destroyed the experience. Even the fact that its very atmospheric did not save it.
76561198062085771,Not Recommended,243120,31642250,Posted: 9 May,all,matt19852085,Started off really enjoying this game I didnt like the black and white setting I prefered the colour collected all the chests and letters in Fort Henry and then there were no objectives so I had a look on Youtube so I need to get the thief rang the bell in Fort Henry tried to shoot thief and missed spent 40 minutes looking for him restarted game missed thief restart game ran out of money so the inevitable happened I soon stopped playing this.I play games for entertainment I dont play games to get bored playing games such a shame as the first half an hour or so this would have got a certain thumbs up.
76561197971887513,Recommended,243120,33918307,Posted: 30 July,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/kIJMprtw1_s
76561197967650601,Not Recommended,243120,13143827,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,maurinusa,"There are some things to like here. The black, white, and red color scheme does a good job setting the mood. The combat is decent too.  My biggest complaint, however, is that you spend most of your time scouring the map foot by foot trying to find all the items. That's just tedious and pulls you away from the many good aspects of the game"
,Not Recommended,243120,31911402,Posted: 22 May,all,Voytek,Repetitive and shallow.
76561198040961114,Not Recommended,243120,13054680,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,spaceweezle,"Haven't played long, but so far the major downfall is the combat in this game. Firing a Bow is no where near as satisfying as it should be- the reticule is primitive and upon zooming in obscures your view.It's a pretty game, but combat is really boring and not implimented well at all. Hope it gets better."
76561197972382849,Not Recommended,243120,9739964,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Borzag,"The gameplay can be atmospheric, but the writing is fairly grating.  The phrase ""Eve and Adam"" appears at some point, which is like saying ""jelly and peanutbutter"" with a touch of pseudo-enlightenment, and there's plenty more where that came from.  I avoid games that parade this sort of mentality, which is why I'm mentioning it for anyone else who cares."
76561198108031310,Not Recommended,243120,21121114,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"WTF????What is this game trying to be???I was more confused on the point of the game than the story, and far to lost to be scared.Very unengaging gameplay makes for one bore after another. Plus graphics are bland at best. No point recommending this one."
76561197961364849,Not Recommended,243120,28654388,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rodrigo,"4 different colors in this game: black, white, red and blue (screen) ! I've been trying to play it but...i had to give up because it blue screens every 10 minutes. I don't think it is my computer because i don't hav the same problem with any other game so...it is a shame! I really would liketo play it, it seems nice...but oh well, for 1 dollar..."
76561198250645812,Not Recommended,243120,25213849,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,fuhque92,"Cant stand the audio in this game. Its like it completely nullifies your right ear when the sounds coming from the left. this isnt realistic, Which is not expected, but its annoying as F***"
76561197968336538,Recommended,243120,12492311,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,ioNKi,Ta mien el juebo
76561198041345252,Recommended,243120,9507290,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,76561193746377956,Now this game is going somewhere
,Not Recommended,243120,9623391,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mando,"Even though i must say the gameplay is pretty intense and sends shivers down your spine, there are also some things that spoil the game. for instance the fact that there are no missions whatsoever, just notes that basically dont tell you anything about what youre supposed to do. for instance, i just spent two hours running around looking for some guys wife. maybe its just me, and maybe i just expected something else, but i personally cannot recommend this game. at least not at that price. excuse my bad english guys, have a nice day"
,Recommended,243120,31992737,Posted: 27 May,all,熊two,有创意的一款恐怖游戏!有点寂静岭古代版的感觉。 就是需要+中文need
,Not Recommended,243120,31844962,Posted: 19 May,all,yssuP gnipmaC,This game graphic is broken on AMD chip card.Nvidia only.
,Not Recommended,243120,10686653,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rymarre,Boooooooooooorrrrriiiiiiiiinnnnnnngggggg
,Not Recommended,243120,29940946,Posted: 15 February,all,Rigby,"Rake or Rake red forest is much better, it crashes at fort henry or whatever the name is.Not worth buying."
76561198130268469,Not Recommended,243120,12802668,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,skyhrg,"Don't buy this game - even when it's on sale for $5Bottom line: the ""atmosphere"" is exaggerated and the game itself is very very poor. Don't waste even $5 on this game."
,Recommended,243120,34390859,Posted: 21 August,all,IVih,gg
76561198047954154,Not Recommended,243120,33136250,Posted: 2 July,all,just1fix2004,Junk
76561197982401199,Not Recommended,243120,9649195,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,a guest,"Nothing you could get from this that you couldn't get from another game, and more enjoyably."
76561198007480811,Not Recommended,243120,31161245,Posted: 15 April,all,Lordringading,"I honestly was looking forward to playing this game, but after multiple attempts to run it, it never ran. Instead all it did was seem to crash and offer no explaination. I would never recomend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,243120,13131283,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Theon,"I don't mind the low-fidelity graphics, but this game has no other redeeming factors either.Mongoloid AI, generic as ♥♥♥♥ enemies,♥♥♥♥♥♥level-design, and a story which is complete drivel."
76561198006588260,Not Recommended,243120,9636099,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,j.burrows012,After playing for about 3 hours  I have to say I feel I have been conned and not by the conquistadors who are actually OK and the game has potential if it wasnt falling on the floor every time you think you are getting somewhere. I am seriously thinking of giving up on steam for putting stuff out there when it is not ready. I am sure it is not just my ageing machine which is responsible for the problems with this game. What do other people think ?
76561198379844986,Recommended,243120,31353059,Posted: 25 April,all,Stupid Swedish Frog,░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█Help░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█ Doge░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█ Take░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌ Over░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█ Steam▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌ Copy█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐█ And█▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█ Paste▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌ DO IT.█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐
76561198067159575,Not Recommended,243120,9636876,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Don'tshootDan!,Very poor!  Difficult and boring to sum up!
,Not Recommended,243120,32754159,Posted: 24 June,all,JustinButOnline,I bought this game hoping for a unique experience but just had a very dull and boring time in a black and white world
,Not Recommended,243120,31118292,Posted: 13 April,all,nebula1337,"This game is one big monotome. Audio and visuals are trash, even for the price.I rate 3/10"
,Not Recommended,243120,33317890,Posted: 6 July,all,RUBYSAYAJIIN    😈,:o
76561198020271711,Not Recommended,243120,31706424,Posted: 12 May,all,...,What a boring game. Shallow and simple. Complete lame. Maybe it could excite ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,243120,10683048,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dwarfy,MY EYES HURT JESUS THE BLACK AND WHITE MAKE IT STOP
76561198026650576,Not Recommended,243120,31075022,Posted: 11 April,all,Abacus,"Always doing same thing, makes u bored...."
,Not Recommended,243120,24891552,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,//Portal/,uhmm i don't know yet this game maybe is not for me
76561197962826429,Not Recommended,243120,34382968,Posted: 20 August,all,Plancton,I've been betrayed :(
,Not Recommended,243120,32783325,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,"Seriously this game is a massive waste of money. It sucks all around, graphics gameplay story everything about it will make you sick."
,Not Recommended,243120,31106521,Posted: 12 April,all,PoptartJelly,just no..
76561198157061846,Not Recommended,243120,25454116,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,seswrt,"Not my kind of game. Well before I am called the elobia of cancer my fav games are far cry, cod games except MW3 it didn't tickle the pickle, crysis, fear + the expansion packs, doom 3, Metro 2033 redux, Metro last light redux, Uncharted series, Tomb raider 2013 and maybe rise of the tomb raider maybe I still debate nevertheseswrtlyless what about this game that I don't give a big thumb to the burning sky of the internet well for macaroni and yummy cheese suace it would have to begin with it's very sutble way of telling it's story with notes and coversations no hand holding well okay my self responds it wells confusing no real characters to connect with just the player hunting for notes and poeple also this is not a sandbox game each area has no side quests nor places to explore no side routes one path alog the locations on the map. Well about the combat I felt it was enjoyable I felt like a native american using guzzila tactics agnist my foes. The two things I felt are the best part of the game would have to be it's black and white graphics I truley was thinking wow it looks like graphic novel and the last location in the game was the stand out moment it was unexpected. To bring my hands to a restful night It's not my kind of game though in the past I have muchly enjoyed games that were outside of my gaming zone this game was not one of them.:("
76561197976971248,Not Recommended,243120,28386995,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DziDzig,"dont waste your time or money. absolute crap, backyard developer, belogs on the appstore. I want a refund"
,Not Recommended,243120,12382788,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Crispy Tacos,"Stylistically, it's a nice game. However, there's little to no direction on what you should be doing, why you should be doing it, or where you should go to do it."
76561198126115979,Not Recommended,243120,29608963,Posted: 31 January,all,CrazyMANbora,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, not worth buying."
76561198059635586,Not Recommended,243120,30753549,Posted: 26 March,all,Actual Cannibal,Just don't....
,Not Recommended,243120,12517193,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Ok non sono riuscito a finirlo, anzi a malapena l'ho iniziato. Giocato per un'ora e qualcosa all'inizio puo' sembrare evocativo, pittoresco, interessante ma il gameplay e' lento ripetitivo e noioso. Ci sono buoni elementi ma non bastano per farne un buon gioco. Lo metto da parte fin quando non ho voglia di riprovarci. 50/100"
,Not Recommended,243120,12720215,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Heinrek von kinderstuffer,This game is meh.
,Not Recommended,243120,30036641,Posted: 19 February,all,Switchblade,this game sucks man
,Not Recommended,243120,32120110,Posted: 1 June,all,Ballistic Otter,"They forgot to add color to this game, 2/10."
76561198057953744,Recommended,243120,6048729,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,TheRazorHail,"This is a great game.  It isn't easy on the eyes at first, but it is a really fun experience"
76561198066256104,Recommended,243120,9947086,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,TRG ♛ haveo ♛®,"The amount of time taken to put the detail this game has is amazing,the fact that the is just black and white with the odd red colour making an presence makes the game look attractive. the detail with every bit of grass to the leaves of the tree is well made but to make it all look better is when from time to time wind picks up and every thing starts to move like trees and grass in teh real world, if you like a game with investigation and action this is your game, only two things wrong in my eyes; To find the next item etc you have to hear for the voices to guide you there which some times is hard to pin point and the other one is it states horror but the enemys make their presences known before attacking so you have enough time to get yourself ready. overall i do recomend this game it is alot of fun85/100"
76561198005293781,Not Recommended,243120,9634413,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Spinoza,"The first 5 minutes of this game are its best.  The game is short and repetitive.  It was graphically immersive, but lacking in meaningful and interesting things to do. Shortly after completing it I uninstlled it and can't imagine any reason why I would ever play it again."
76561197963648068,Recommended,243120,10388040,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,sKorpion,"much better than expected...different, atmospheric, and bug free.** recommend adjust graphic setting to get 'color' for main story...alternate reality will still be 'black and red'."
,Recommended,243120,9907076,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Fidchell,"Betrayer is the debut effort of Blackpowder Games, a company of which I've learned consist of former members of Monolith Productions, in other words, guys who worked on FEAR. Naturally, since FEAR is one of my all-time favorite FPS games, I decided to give this game a try while it was in Early Access stages. Unfortunately, it did not stay in Early Access for a large amount of time, and because of apparent time constraints, Blackpowder did not manage to reach further potentials this game could have had.Pros:+ Very nice effects. The game's biggest feature in terms of visual splendor is wind. Oftentimes when you are treaded the island, you'll notice that gusts of wind pass by and affect all the foliage around you. At once, this left me in awe. I could've sworn I've seen things like this in other games, but in this one it was done so well. I was surprised at my own bated breath.+ Fun combat. It's pretty simplistic and straightforward, but combat was a surprising amount of fun regardless. You'll acquire an assortment of olden time weaponry that function well enough, ranging from pistols to muskets to longbows. I found all of them to be quite useful and satisfying. Fighting the spainards was especially fun for some reason. I liked hearing my arrows sometimes bouncing off of them with a humorous metallic clunk.+ Deep and shaking mysteries! This island has been inhabited by a lot of pretty screwed up people! Throughout the game, you will be solving a plethora of mysteries around different settlements, encountering wraiths and lost souls and helping them figure out who they were and what role they played in the sick situations that had taken place in the past. This is the thing that really kept me going. I've seen a few misspellings here and there, but the writing for the most part is exquisite. It just really makes me wish the game had voiceovers.Cons:- Betrayer is quite repetitive. Seriously, as neat as the mysteries are, the gameplay is quite repetitive. There is no real section that stands out, and everything you see from the third level is what you've already played before. I wish there was a little more variety in gameplay, but again I feel this squandered potential was because of time constraints, plain and simple.- Lack of real immersion and empathy with characters. This is mostly due to the lack of voiceovers. It may be because of tight budgets, but potential for immersion was really lost with the lack of a voice here and there. The dialogue and writing is for the most part excellent, and it makes me sad that Blackpowder didn't make more ambitious pursuits in this aspect.- Ending segment. I will not spoil the game here, but the ending segment contains an optional task that might as well be mandatory since it makes the final fight easier (and it was already pretty nerve-rackingly difficult). This requires you to scour across all the maps you've been through to the end point, which means lots of annoying loading screens. I have really mixed feelings about the ending segment; on one side, it was really interesting and well-executed, but on the other, the gameplay aspect somewhat fell flat.Closing: Even if Betrayer stumbles upon a couple pitfalls and doesn't feel as good as it could be, it is still very much a solid, spooky, first-person mystery/action that will find a way to engage you one way or another in its harrowing tales. I hope that Blackpowder will pursue greater projects in the future and continue to deliver us unique experiences not unlike what they've lovingly crafted into this mystery romp."
,Recommended,243120,9774492,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,FellFoe,"An interesting visual experiment, and highly atmospheric, but a bit weak on actual gameplay. Presumably there was an imbalance of power in the desing team; some of the guys who made this splintered off from Monolith and almost certainly had too much weigth. It is noticable - the aesthetic aspects of the game are brilliant, but the landscape is almost bare of gameplay adm the story is too artisiticly jumbled to be entertaining for long. Worth a try tho."
76561198036905164,Recommended,243120,9688324,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Tiber Septim,"I bought, I downloaded it, I played it, I crapped my pants!!!"
76561198114371713,Recommended,243120,9666285,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,FrumpaRump,This is a very creative game with a good gameplay and a fun world to explore. 10/10
76561198064098946,Recommended,243120,10784165,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Index Finger,"A truely shocking experiance, this scared the crap out of me. A beautiful game and a compeling world, this game is highly recomended."
76561197970791428,Recommended,243120,10718977,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,choldenjr,"Saw this one on sale cheap, it looked interesting so why not give it a try? I was pleasently surprised. Betrayer plays like an open world forest similar to Skyrim and Far Cry 3. The world is smaller and broken up over several levels the player can travel back and forth between exploring and unlocking story/secrets/etc. Additionally, there's a ""ghost world"" the player can transition into where the world is the same, but with new hidden things and monsters.Combat is fairly basic. I played mostly stealth using a bow and melee for backstab attacks. There are also pistols and muskets for big loud attacks. I felt slow and weak at first, but once I reached the second area I was comfortable and strong.Betrayer in a nutshell is running around the woods in Colonial Virginia looking for treasure, and sometimes being attack by ghosts."
,Recommended,243120,10721007,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cry0manc3r,Very Interesting Art style and fun combat.I recommend Betrayer If you enjoy unique and deep story elements.
,Recommended,243120,10724681,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Creatures Lie Here,"This game is a fantastic introduction to medieval adventure games.  It has the cliche shipwreck intro, a linear story that opens into seperate open-world map sections, collectables, interesting supernatural elements, and mystery.No blood, a basic combat system, and brutal difficult all combine to make a great ""intro to adventure"" game.Would suggest to anyone that has a kid they want to introduce to the genre (no blood but skeletons/ghosts) or wants to play a semi-relaxing singleplayer rennaisance-era first-person adventure mystery game. Black and white optional."
,Recommended,243120,10733060,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,General Custer,very good all around. customizable colors and lighting simple yet fun gamplay mechanics and a very good creppy abience
76561197987527623,Recommended,243120,10733385,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Grictalio,"Alright, let's face it, most of this game boils down to being a giant fetch quest. But the beauty of it, is that they always felt like they had a purpose. Thus, I never got bored. There were an awful lot of ghosts whose skulls had been stolen from their graves. Like, a lot. But it never felt stale, because the entire way through, I kept asking 'Why? Why are their skulls missing?'So, the presentation of this game is spectacular. I've noticed there is a mod that colors the game up, but if you get this mod, you're a savage. This game is almost enirely in a black and white hue. Why this is so nice, is because they then use the color red in a very interesting way. A lot of emphasis on the color red. Twisted Spaniards roam the land, and they wear bright silver armor, with red cloth wrapped around it. Bright red. Stuff like that.The story is essentially a big 'Who done it' story. You land on the coast of the newly discovered American shores, and find a town. But it is utterly abandoned. There is one other living person on the island, so it seems. The Maiden in Red, who also knows nothing about herself or her past.The delivery is excellent, forcing you to listen to find new clues and locations... As well as making you use stealth to eliminate your foes. The game is incredibly unique and different, and I would highly suggest it."
76561197988859028,Recommended,243120,10738198,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,archmando,"A ""find the objects"" type of game where you'll spend most of your time running. Good news is everything of importance is red in this otherwise black and white world (yes, you can adjust the colors). You can also ""Listen"" where to go and smaller stuff emit a different sound, further helping with the task of finding stuff.Fighting gets old pretty fast, but once again we're in luck as the game isn't that long.Didn't care so much about the story. Enjoyed the atmosphere (reminds me of Miasmata). Grinding the achievements was crazy tedious. Finished with everything, so will probably not open it again unless it gets major update. Still, I consider it a good buy (at the sale price)."
76561198035280518,Recommended,243120,10761038,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nazarekt,Hollowed Spaniards at day. Skeletons and Indian Ghosts at night. I need to change my pants. Spooky/10
,Recommended,243120,10804215,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pan!c,"This game is very strange, maybe that's what I like about it, but what is Betrayer?Betrayer is a game of survival and exploration steeped in mystery and a spark of the paranormal. You wake up on a beach, don't know who you are or what's going on, as you pick up scraps of paper that are scattered throughout the landscape which give you clues as to what happened in this place in your absence and your role in it. You discover locations from the initial coastal shipwreck site by exploring on foot and unlocking landmarks as you happen upon them (and there's a fast travel system so you won't turn into Walking Simulator 2014) which makes up smaller parts of a greater world map. You are discovering the new world after all.It needs to be said that the atmosphere in this game is quite possibly my favorite aspect of it. You're in a constant state of being a little on edge. You might find yourself feeling a little more at ease when you get the mechanics down but there's still this fleeting dread I feel when I'm playing. Especially when you're in the otherworld.The supernatural element is interesting but it hasn't been clearly explained as to why you're able to tap into the spirit world to talk to ghosts/wraiths and collect from them what I would call side quests. The how happens very early in, the why is a mystery to me.If you care about graphics, it's a pretty looking game too. And if you don't like the black and white style, there's a saturation option to add the color back in. Spirit world is always black and white however.The only issue I have is with the intuitiveness of this game. There is a listening mechanic that gives you a clue as to where you need to head but never tells you whether or not it's necessary. The same sound is used for graves, chests, mounds, totems, etc. And it's not always clear as to what needs to be done to proceed. The sound of enemies spotting you is great and kind of shoots a little shock to your system if you're skulking around and suddenly hear the telltale ring followed by a mild panic until the target is in sight. Furthermore, it should be noted that I'm not one who needs to be led by the hand by my games - this is beyond non-linear, it's just a bit confusing at first.Broken down:Pros:+ Very creative+ Great artistic direction+ Control are tight and responsive+ Movement and weapons feel great (Thanks Unreal engine)+ Heavy atmosphere+ Exploration never gets dullCons:- Vague sense of what needs to be done- Listening mechanic, while creative, isn't always helpfulOn the whole: 9/10. Especially if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,243120,10818932,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Decoy,Pooped myself around half a dozen times... Would poop again
,Recommended,243120,10819859,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hijinga,"This game is incredible. It can get a bit repetitive though, I’d advise taking it slow and not playing for extended periods of time, so you can get the full experience"
,Recommended,243120,10820333,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,It's Rubio!,"You know what this game needs? SPIDERS! Spiders will take it to the next level! No let's not add the ability to add map markers or implement a direction indicator on said map, lets add SPIDERS, oh and EXPLODING FUNGI! 10 OUTTA 10! ROUND UP NEXT WEEK!"
76561198129260797,Recommended,243120,10820335,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,i_cunt_hair_you,this game is fun to play and easy to pick up. 10/10 would bang
,Recommended,243120,10709899,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,FarukoSH,"Excelente juego, la idea de Blanco-Negro-Rojo le da un estilo unico y la jugabilidad es bastante beuna, es una idea de Action/Survival/Adventure que la verdad funciona bastante bien"
,Recommended,243120,10851487,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,nommo,"This game, in many ways, mirrors some of the accomplishments of F.E.A.R. (for obvious reasons); for instance, it forces players to choose and use a small selection of weapons at any one time, and the game has a sense of immediacy in its control scheme lending itself to direct action (I half expected to nail enemies with flying kicks). The otherwordly effect of a child's voice conjured experiences of Alma Wade, as does the duality found within the persona and actions of the antagonists' structures. With these similarities in mind, is Betrayer a good game?Yes.Betrayer is a good game, and stands on its own merits: a strong narrative, striking presentation, and effective use of audio. The dependence on audio cues is rewarding. Dialogue between the player character and non-player characters are accomplished through simple trees, whose options are unlocked when clues are discovered. Roaming the world of Betrayer harkened to Silent Hill, but was animated and alive in a way that allow a player to imagine themselves in the midst of a breathing, sighing forest, tinged and tainted with subtle blood-red cues. When action happens, the player's speakers tend to explode with a rushing, beating heart, and enemies are deadly.The challenging enemies serve to emphasize the theme of the game, and its narrative. There is a lot of text in Betrayer, and it is well-written; the investigations often reveal cruelty or tragedy, and all tie into the eponymous conceit of the game. I'm not sure if spoken dialogue would have improved things, because voice acting on a budget can do more harm than good, and often precludes narratives from achieving the depth text otherwise provides.While well written and compelling, the text of the game can sometimes be confusing. Players have to backtrack and search areas again, which made the later game feel systematic rather than fluid.Stick with it and its rewards will yield themselves."
76561198031391791,Recommended,243120,9882792,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Aran Duin,Exelent game for me
,Recommended,243120,9655598,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,HomoSUCCYOUall,"I really like this game, but i cant go inside the west gate, it always crashes my game"
,Recommended,243120,9658178,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,A.D. Skinner,"This is a review for those unsure of purchasing. First of all yes you can restore color to the game; as much or as little as youd like. Secondly, this game is all about atmosphere. It is the driving factor of the entire experience. It has features akin to Dark Souls of loot recovery but controls as smooth and simple as Far Cry 3 or Battlefield. The enemies are quite smart and devilishly accurate. Stealth plays a major factor in survival so keep your ears and eyes out. Sound is another tool you must use to navigate and investigate clues and items. This game is for those who enjoy unraveling a story and becoming emersed in its atmosphere but also enjoy some visceral combat."
,Recommended,243120,9766231,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Ameri-do-te,"Great game, but very historically inaccurate."
76561197985813063,Recommended,243120,10928405,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cheshire,"I loved this game. I get scared easily and I have a boner for the 18th century, so maybe I'm a little bit biased. The quests may me a tad repetitive, but the narative is interesting and well writen. The combat was quite exciting, as the enemies are tough and the weapons fun to use. Visually the game is pretty great (to be mistaken with skyrim) and the sounds completely immersive. In summation, if it's on sale, get it without question."
,Recommended,243120,10961034,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kafes,"Bunny hopping simulator 2014. You can bunny hop forever, there is no stamina. It gets you to places really fast. Apart from that very atmospheric and sometimes quite scary game. Seems like its easy at first but it gets harder. Haven't encountered a bug yet. You can easily change the contrast and light effects of your game with an in-game slider. Overall it was worth the discounted price."
,Recommended,243120,10938774,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,unfairrobot,"Spooky FPS/adventure game based (kind of) on the mystery of the Roanoke colony. Great atmosphere - if playing with the lights out, bring an extra pair of pants. Very polished execution. I'm sometimes a little unclear on what I'm supposed to be doing but it's not overly frustrating. The game is still being updated."
76561198044093667,Recommended,243120,10947353,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Silentearththree,"Awesome title, so glad I purchased this. Very creepy atmosphere and intense gameplay. The weapon/fighting system takes a little getting used to but after remapping some of the keys it gets immensely easier. This game is highly addictive and although a bit repetative at points the story seems very rewarding."
,Recommended,243120,17088285,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,björk@hotmail.com,"The game is extremely beautiful and the sounds of the wind and really soothing. The gameplay gets a little monotonous, but still a very fun and pretty game."
76561198118964314,Recommended,243120,17089076,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,cgr37712,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS SCARY10/10 for crapping my pantswould crap my pants again =)
76561198091301283,Recommended,243120,16935831,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ajccarlson,
76561198162680554,Recommended,243120,17996436,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PaRaNoiaC,"Just finished it and my reactions were ""What!? Wow... I... Wow...""Can't say I didn't expected it, maybe it's the""explosion""and thegigantic things mentioned in the notes. *shrugs*But... It is a fitting ending for the game title. Betrayer!!!Anyway, the story is quite okay, shows how dark human could be, even if it's just a trivial matter.The atmosphere(I played with black & white + red) is done very well, eerie and ominous.No BGM? Meh, who needs BGM when you've got mosters chasing you? No? Okay...BugNot sure if it's just my mistake or what but I can't get the ""Unlock all destination"" achievement. I've already unlocked all of them(there's an X on the map, I've also cross referenced with map guide) but the journal did not register it. Happened with Fort Henry and Fort Saint George."
,Recommended,243120,17978766,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,187status,"Great Game.  Great ,movement & gameplay. nice art too."
,Not Recommended,243120,17246380,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Cross-Section,"The concept's definitely better than the execution on this one; though the idea of sleuthing out the ghostly aftermath of a massacre on the shores of Colonial America is a fantastic one, the gameplay attached to said idea mainly consists of running around an overworld, collecting items Ubisoft-style, while occasionally fighting a randomly-spawning undead menace with weapons that never feel adequate for the task. Striking visual aesthetic, though. 3/5"
76561198050363670,Recommended,243120,18089639,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Cmdr. Chucky,"Great game...  not perfect, but well worth the reasonable (discounted) cost on Steam.10/10 SettingCreepy, sinister graphics and sounds.  Turn the lights down, and turn the volume up.6/10 StoryA little convoluted at times, and suffers from the ""run around and click"" weakness of so many games nowadays, but still not bad.  Well written, anway.9/10 CombatUnreal engine with some nice twists.  17th century guns are scary when being chased by nasty mobs.  I like that you can run out of bullets, and you can play where you lose your loot if you die (recover by fighting your way bak - maybe with low/no ammo!).  Awesome fun.6/10 ProgressionNo levels or skills, no unique qualities for your toon at all.  Weapons and 'charms' progress a bit, but I found them uninteresting and predictable.   I took my time and wandered around a lot, enjoying the creepy setting, but this whole story can likely be run through in 10 hours or so."
76561198206436705,Recommended,243120,18066907,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Cowboybebop,Cool Game
,Not Recommended,243120,18058520,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Greg,"I wanted to like this game. I really did. I love the desaturated default appearance. I love the atmosphere. I love the sounds. Unfortunately, the game is boring and repetitive. Also, the combat is hard in an annoying way, not a fun way. I gave up after 5 hours."
,Recommended,243120,18277334,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dragonalias,"The beginning was interesting, different, mysterious in a good way.The middle was... a grind. You repeat the same things, its kinda boring.The end was interesting again, with the mystery being revealed... kind of. Confusing ending.Overall, it was okay."
,Recommended,243120,18300769,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hudson Balboa,"Fala galera, beleza?Estou aqui humildemente para a divugação do meu canal do Youtube, sei que tem muito que melhorar, mas se vocês puderam dar molhadinha, não imaginam o quanto vai ajudar, muito obrigado!!=3https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8tquU5_X0t3NoZwUzKmRbw"
76561197967129489,Recommended,243120,18118684,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Circular_Dynamics,Fun but repetitive. Terrain could have had more variety. Unique weapons should look unique. Fewer levels if what you do on each level is the same.Mechanics are solid and storytelling is done well.
,Recommended,243120,18128243,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Wild Potato Industries,"So uh... ♥♥♥♥ing skeletons, eh?"
,Not Recommended,243120,18182813,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,OSad,"The game's not very engaging from what I've played:The black and white aesthetic with the occasional red object is neat at first, but it quickly gets monotone and tiring.There's very little in the way of sound design, and what is there sets up the mood well, but it's a case that quality just doesn't supersede quantity.Some experimentation is needed to figure out what all the buttons do on the pad. Figuring out how to switch weapons was especially polarizing, seeing as how you don't get a radial menu or anything, but instead a single button (LB) cycles through all three weapons at once. Otherwise the controls are fine.The interface feels very clunky in some spots. Cycling through fast-travel locations is a major pain, and so is navigating your equipment menu. The minimalistic interface design also has the unintended side-effect of making the whole thing seem very budget-y and not very well implemented.The combat is a bit one-sided. At first it feels quite visceral, with enemies dashing towards you as you try to put one more arrow into them, and the game does have a neat mechanic in masking the noise you make when a gust of wind hits your surroundings. However, the combat just doesn't feel deep enough: you get a handful of ranged weapons which all perform very similarly to one another, a short-range tomahawk which you can throw for massive damage, and a few bombs which help to thin out crowds. Enemy patterns don't differ so much from one another that you need to adopt any different strategies: aggro enemies in front of you, wiggle left and right repeatedly to dogde projectiles, fire projectile of your choice back at them. The odd inclusion of an option to drop your equipment when you die is meant to make combat more tense, but it doesn't add anything meaningful to it in my opinion, it just makes it more annoying.I couldn't figure out how to attach myself to the story in any point. You're a shipwreck making his way inland where Englishmen and Spaniards have set up camp and constantly have skirmishes with indians and each other. Death permeates all of the camps however, and after digging around a bit, you gain the ability to talk to the wraiths of the people that lived in the region, and piece together how they died. Reading by this narrative ultimately isn't really interesting: while the backstory of these people is well-written and often pretty gruesome, the medium by which they are delivered falls short: there are no cutscenes and no voice acting, leaving you with a pretty paltry dialogue box and your imagination (nothing wrong with that, it's just not for me).There's also a lady that follows you around in the camps, the only other apparent living human you can talk to. You can give her things and talk about the apparitions you're seeing, but she doesn't share in your ability to see the dead or the strange ashen figures scattered throughout the camp. Making you question the main character's sanity like that is a legitimately cool plot point, but the lady herself is hardly engaging: like the other characters, she lacks a voice actor, and any other kind of different idle animations or behavior. Her dialogue isn't even that engaging to make you care for her all that much, and giving her gifts, if it did anything at all after, passed right by my head.There's just not that much great to say about the game. I gave it a few hours, and made it to the third map you can get to. Maybe that's not enough time, but the lack of sound assets, strange choice of visual style, clunky interface and simplistic (unnecessary even?) combat meant that I didn't want to give it any more of a chance for it to grab me. It asks for a fair price though, so maybe someone with a bit more patience can find enjoyment in it."
,Recommended,243120,18091991,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,NCRTrooper,"This is going to be a short review since I only did one playthrough and it was months ago.However, this game has an amazing atmosphere and the story is also very interesting as well. The game mechanics feel pretty fluid, but the stealth system leaves a bit to be desired. Graphics are well done, but the game starts in black and white (which is somewhat atmospheric) but you can change it to show colors if you wish. It makes target acquisition easier.This games got some good spooks involved, also the skeleton war rages on within the game so there's always that. Maiden In Red is Bae.This game has basically no replay value, but the one good runthrough takes on average (going from my playthrough and other reviewers) seems to be about 10 or 11 hours. I feel the experience that was given to me (I got it on sale, I think.) was worth the full price of the game.That's basically it. I don't really think description of the setting is necessary because it's well put in the store page ""About this Game"" section."
76561198099482989,Recommended,243120,18272654,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Spooky,"If you like the demo, you'll like the entire game. A little repetitive at times, but the game kept me wary and creeped out until it finished. My favorite first-person-shooter, and the only one I replay."
76561198001289412,Recommended,243120,17654766,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,rorschach,Beautiful visual approach and brilliant audio create very eerie & engaging atmosphere. Cruel story told by detatched souls adds to the ambiance.First person gameplay is fun and satisfying with comfortable and dependable controls - when you can keep your nerves in check..
,Recommended,243120,17013530,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Tobyh,"A compelling tale of discovery, ghosts, regret and, naturally, betrayal.You travel around a section of woodland near the coast of the New World with no real understanding of who you are or what you must do, meeting variuos trapped spirits along the way. Each wraith you encounter has its own unique baskstory, which normally ties into the stories of the other wraiths in the area. There is areally chilling overarching plotline which retains a couple of eerily ambiguous elements and it only picks up speed as you go through the game.This is a superb short game (you could grind it out in a week easily, and I fully suggest you do so) but not without content. True, there could be a bit more variation in the maps/objectives, but that's really not what this game is about; rather it is something to play slowly and contemplatively, exploring every tree stump and rock face and traversing every inch of the woodland on the hunt for clues. It somehow avoids being boring despite being really much of the same for the duration.The graphics are great and run wonderfully, the sound design is EXCELLENT and is one of the few games I can think of where sound was actually an aspect which jumped out at me, and the gameplay is simplistic and smooth. Loot and weapons are fairly standard, but you do find some interesting variations on the same weapons as you get later in the game. There are multiple incarnations of each weapon type, getting progressively stronger as the game progresses.At the start of the game you feel so weak, only being able to take on a couple of enemies at once at a push, stealth really is the preference for early game. Towards the end, however, it is possible to find weapons capable of taking down a skeleton in one hit, even the floating skulls are no match for you near the end, but combat is not the focus of the game and you never feel overpowered.My favourite aspect of Betrayer is the level of customisation the game gives you. you can choose to play the game in black and white or colour, with variable saturation, as well as having control over the enemy difficulty at any point in the game. The best part of customisation, however, is the map, which you can set to display the locations of various goals, or, as I prefer, not. It is useful to be able to turn these settings on after the plot draws to a close for completionists out there, just so you can polish off the few chests you might have missed.One downside is that it also seems to highlight chests/objectives you have previously attained in the map, although this only happens once you return to an area you have previously visited. I also noticed that, at one point in the game, it decided to invert the stereo; so what should have been in my right ear was suddenly in my left visa vera, which was incredibly disorientating in game which utilises sound to direct you to the wraiths. However the fix was easy, as I just swapped my headphones round.Apart from these two very minor greivances, Betrayer is a great game from such a small developer and at a great price. I fully recommend it to anyone looking for an atmospheric daytime-horror game. Theres something in this game which is certainly creepier and more harrowing than any xenomorph jumping through the air vents. Its more subtle than that. Buy this game."
,Recommended,243120,17018126,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,yung kim,Spooky skeletons
76561198061109528,Recommended,243120,17019532,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,EffingA16,"I loved it. A little bit of mystery, horror, and killing things all rolled up into a neat little game."
76561198164540657,Recommended,243120,16969501,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Paradigm07,"Enjoying the game, not overly hard at the stage I'm at right now, but entertaining and has an oddly enjoyable repetitiveness to it.  It sounds like a bad thing but isn't.  The most frustrating thing is not having a f**king shovel.  Play the game and you'll understand.  I'll update the review as I get further to see if the work pays off...."
76561198019383623,Recommended,243120,17335668,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Gleaser,Pretty good investigative horror shooter game some with nice atmospeherPronice graphic with good atmospeherhard to play (especiali with options you lost all)good storyblack powder weapons (better then bow)!Consome bugsextremly long achievemntsuseless stelthsome enemies survive headshotIf you like games with story and dont want se endless hours of play and still fun this is good choise
,Recommended,243120,5466575,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Peleliusion,"(Note:This is still in Alpha). Has a creepy but suspenseful story so far. The weapon use and variety is very cool and accurate. Enemies are a decent difficulty and are interesting characters. I recommend this to those looking for an Action, Adventure, Mystery game with a chilling story line and enviroment!"
,Not Recommended,243120,17280044,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Madbat,"Not completely horrid, just boring and annoying. The lack of a proper save system is what drove me to uninstall this thing. Having to kill the same♥♥♥♥♥♥I just finished killing on every reload was a bit much. Overall it's too gimmicky, too repetitive, and not enough real substance.Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,243120,17887868,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,GreySpectrum,"If you are looking for a stealth game, Betrayer is just barely worth it, and only because there are so few stealth games that it gets into the top 10 by default.If you are looking for an FPS game, a story game, a game with unique art style, a game with intersting morals, or a game that will be fresh, new and unique; you will find some exquisite morsels drowning in a cauldron of time consumption. What was there wasn't enhanced, built up, or polished to a shining beacon, but instead buried and muddied and lost in overgrowth.It really is a shame, because this game had amazing moments. I looked forward to every conversation I had with the Lady in Red. Though they ultimately weren't substantive, they were still emotionally interesting to me. The setting was extremely unique, and supported and enhanced by all the types of interactions in the game. The enemies were strange and exciting when they were newly introduced. There was a strong atmosphere of forbidding at key moments. Atmosphere was created naturally, not artificially. The weapons felt nice. The graphics were beautiful and it felt good just exploring the area and engaging in skirmishes with the enemies. The stories were realistic in the sense that they were tangled messes of human tragedy, without simple solutions.But then Betrayer backpeddled hard over all it had going for it.The progress is entirely composed of digging up items after circling and crisscrossing the map two or three times. The maps have a nice coat of paint, but underneath they are just empty expanses. There are ferns. There are trees. There are some forts. There are large boulders. There are some broken fences. I might not have noticed the lack of substance, I might not have even minded.... except first I had to clear the locations of enemies so I didn't die constantly or have to circle around them for an even longer traversal. Then I had to clear the map of items and clues scattered across the landscape. (this is just arriving at the location, clicking, reading a sentence description, then moving on to the next 40 items.) Then I had to run around the map for a third time, but now in the dark, to retrieve a few more things. Wash, rinse, and repeat for all 8 maps. Don't expect the gameplay to vary or become more interesting (which the game conveys openly reasonably clearly). There are a few new enemies introduced over time, but the interaction with them is largely the same. Worse, what was once strong and salient in the game, becomes tedium and annoyance.Almost all of the above problems could have been solved if this game was 1/3rd the length. But of course then it would have only been 1/3rd the length. Not a problem in my book, but it would demonstrate more obviously the lack of new content in the game. It is hard to say the game ""lacks content,"" because the maps have loads of treasure and things to find scattered across them. Clues are unique, notes are unique, stories are unique, but they don't really add more to the experience. If you have read Atlas Shrugged, you might know what I mean about it being good except that the second 2/3rds are just the first 1/3rd over again.It is worth it in terms of unique experience and good storytelling plus excellently executed atmosphere early on, but not worth it in terms of time spent jogging across maps and slowly dissolving amounts of fun. 10-15 hours total, ~4-8 hours of worthy content.It is enjoyable, and yet a slog at the same time. (Maybe get it anyway?)"
76561198030665293,Not Recommended,243120,17809350,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Scuzzlebutt,"A mixed bag. Nice atmosphere and it has its moment, but overall it's bare bones and repetitive."
,Not Recommended,243120,17639325,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,jimmy,"I can't recommend this to anyone I personally know but I'm not saying this is a bad game. For me personally I found this game boring and repetitive. AND I HAVE NOT FINISHED THE GAME SO WHAT I SAY COULD BE WRONG. I really like the art and the overall visual look of the game, and in the beginning the monster things really did scare me. But once I found out what to do, and that the enemies are not that bad, the game quickly lost its appeal to me. The combat is simple and once you get the hang of it the enemies are no longer a threat no matter what your facing. I could be wrong because, as I stated ealier, I haven't finished the game. Even the creepy alternate dark place you go to quickly lost its effect on me. The biggest thing that kept me from going is the story. I didn't find it very interesting and because of that I simply couldn't continue. If it did keep me interested I would have trudged on with it."
,Recommended,243120,17719840,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,thylbanus,"This game takes advantage of positional sound, so a good surround sound system or headphones are suggested.It's a solid game, but a bit on the grindy end for my tastes.  Combat is a bit tedious and repetitive.  I would have preferred more challenging, but less frequent enemies.  After a time, you just start going Doom on the game and dispense with any sort of subtlety.My preference is for more of the horror than the scare.  While there is a nice tone set with the monochrome and the story is solid, but because of the prevalent combat system it tends to rely on jump scares than true horror.  The foreboding is sacrificed to the combat and in the end, I just found myself powering through, rather than enjoying the ride.  I wanted to see the payoff and was a bit disappointed.  For all the set up, the end was a bit...Well, I'll leave it at that.  Don't want to ruin it for those who want to beat the game.All in all, a solid contender for 10 hrs of my time.Rating: 6/10Based on entertainment value: it was better than M. Night Shyamalan's last four outings and going with that, it's worth four matinees worth of movie time: $18.00 USD."
,Recommended,243120,17542879,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,VOTEFORTACO,
76561198037917342,Recommended,243120,17183636,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,「SUPER EUROBEAT」,"Quick review so I don't ramble for days.Game is solid overall. Explorations elements are cool, but turn off the map if you want the real experience. I played the game before the map was added and it's a much better experience.Combat is a little on the janky side. Hit detection is questionable but each enemy can be defeated without taking damage. Enemies do a lot of damage, you will need to practice before you get good. You can enable Dark Souls mode which will cause you to drop all your money upon death.The biggest drawback is how repetitive the game gets. Every time you get to a new area you repeat the exact same sequece of steps in order to move to the next area. There are ~12 areas in the game and this gets old fast.As for the story, I skipped the vast majority of it. It's there if you care about it, but I didn't. If anything, pay attention to the Maiden in Red as she is the only other human character in the game.Visually the game is very nice, but not extremely well optimized. Expect to get huge frame drops if you are running at high settings. I experienced framerates between 75 and 144 on a 980ti at 1440p.Worth the price for one playthrough, subsequent playthroughs can drag due to the repetitive nature of the game. Atmosphere is very good and the game gets darker and darker as your progress through."
76561198052471232,Recommended,243120,17172556,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,brutaldeluxe09,"this gave me the same sort feeling of experiance I used to have playing PC games in the 90's, so much mystery and intruige that ultimaly you can forgive it of any weakness. I definalty prefer the black and white colour scheme, adds that extra layer of atmosphere."
76561198034997190,Not Recommended,243120,17527633,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Ivo hellcase.com,"I was really excited about this game, the ambientation, the history, the concept. My biggest dissapointment is that the game crashes all the time. I've managed to play it a few hours, but now every time I try to open the game it crashes. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and the first time after that it worked, but then the same thing keep happening. I gave up trying.It's a nice game but nothing really new. The inventory is odd, the game it quite simple and easy, it not a challenge, and the dialogs are really basic.For me it's a 5/10, but since it's crashing all the time it's a 2/10."
,Recommended,243120,17550502,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,alex_crowther,"A low key ghost story, told in first person, most enjoyable"
,Recommended,243120,17609365,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,monkeyspank,"I purchased at a really cheap price on steam and found that,PROS:sandboxFPSexplosivesinteresting mest up storyCONS:Ridiculous boss battle(s) at the endNot enough upgrade opportunities to upgrade (not enough money)Note: finding a good trainer made the game even better"
,Recommended,243120,16529267,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hoofd,"Prima mini-RPG die zeker goed is voor ca. 8 uur spelplezier.  Het spel moet het vooral hebben van de betoverend mooie setting (een uitgestrekte, pas-gekoloniseerde en door indianen bevolkte wildernis ergens in Amerika) en het geslaagde mysterieuze achtergrondverhaal en sfeer, dan van het uitvoeren van de quests zelf.Aanrader, 8/10.+ Prachtige spelwereld en sfeer+ Uitstekend geluidsontwerp+ Verhaal!- Is tegen het einde wat teveel van hetzelfde- Is dan geen uitdaging meer"
,Recommended,243120,17588308,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,itsACoppa,Very unique and original game thats totally worth the 10 bucks
,Recommended,243120,22650615,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,I M H O T E P™,"Betrayer is a first person, open world, survival/stealth game. and it took me only 4 days to beat it.You, the protagonist end up in a shipwreck, being the sole survivor of it. as you are washed upon a small island, infested with loads of threats.as a game, graphics are quite nice, the style of design where you can only see black/white and red (which is aparently tweakable), the audio is incredible, so realistic. you'll feel as the wind blows draging you into the world.as for the enemies...Have you ever saw a large spanish warrior that yells as a bear? Enemies are quite well done but, man they are annoying but the biggest inconvinience is that the variety of the enemies is quite low, there are like 8 types of enemies (including subclasses) that may get a bit boring, as some of them just stop appearing after you beat seartain part of the game.Another problem of the game is weapons. Yes there are some like, 5 weapons and the variations of them are jsut the same textures with different stats, which makes it a bit repetative.As for the story there is also some wierd ""Other world"" thingamajig that i will keep quiet about. Just for you to check it out yourselves, there are not a lot of ""Living"" characters that adds to the feeling of isolation and hostile enviroment.Overall it is a nice game, i definitely recomend it, try it out. You won't regret it. And plus give those guys a credit they just started to work as a standalone team and i'm sure the second game will be much better.enjoy your play"
76561198067200238,Recommended,243120,22734885,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,The Gothfather,"Challenging, deliciously spooky and really interesting plot. I would highly recommend, it's a bit difficult at first to navigate and figure out how to actually play. Definitely worth the money."
76561198038652953,Recommended,243120,22714211,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Sjakktrekker,"Amazing game!One of the most atmospheric games I have ever played.The pure black and white takes some time to get used to but I feel it bringes more to the atmosphere. The story is also great, the writers did a good job tying it more and more together towards the end, thats why I would recommend it to anyone who is tired of games who forcefeeds you the story, and therefore loses all sense of mystery."
76561197999175732,Recommended,243120,22711543,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Loken,"A rather simple, refreshing, yet erie game... set in timeframe not many games venture into.The art style is also quite interesting, but you can play traditional view as well.Overall, it was quite a few hours of fun."
76561198295539757,Recommended,243120,22526948,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Master jedikid,"First night of play, made a impression on me. Very well done and enjoyable. Plot is a little slow and you have to really want it, to wade through reading all the text, but i was into it. Combat is nice, i really like the slow action on the weapons for both yourself and the enemies, builds the suspense."
,Recommended,243120,22603150,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Bobby,"An interesting first person action game, abit wonky in places and the writing and game objective is abit hollow but still has solid gameplay, excellent sound design and rather haunting atmosphere and visuals definitely worth the price."
76561198127971121,Recommended,243120,22602324,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,JWOOD,"WOW! i bought Betrayer for 1.50$ (70% off) and it is an amazing and scarry game. I've played five nights at Freddies and this ranks up there with that. Not as many jump scares but a lot of constant anxiety. It has good weaponn mechanics and some very scary AI.  i'm about 70% threw it an all i can say is buy it. Even if the sale is done and goes for 5$, buy it!!! If you like horror. You get a big bang for your buck."
76561197982685012,Recommended,243120,22577715,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Rivethead,"Short version- Buy it if you find it less than $5.Long vesion- I have had this game on my Wishlist for quite a while. I recently saw it at ( I think?) less than $2 so I bought it.Wow! I like to think I am rather jaded as far as video game concepts but this is REALLY a good game. But...it has some glaring problems..It's survival horror...some. It's FPS..some. It's a Who-Dun-It, sortta..Ok, for those still reading let me lay the basics at your feet:You are a castaway from a ship ( ran aground or sunk?) by a Spanish ship. You are in The New World ( That means North America before all the locals started wearing Levis).Apparently it's your destiny to talk to dead people. And shoot stuff.What ""got"" me about this game is the utter lack of any sense of ""fantasy"" as far as firearms;  You are using late 14th - early 15th century weapons and you will like it!Forget about machine guns! Your musket has one shot and about a 30 sec reload time. Pistol is a tad faster. As of my 5 hour play, I have:1. A long Bow- fast fire but has a chance of bounceing off armored men.2. Flintlock Pistol- rather fast ( about 6 sec) reload time but VERY short range.3. Flintlock Musket- very good range, but horrible (20+ sec) reload times.You also have a Tomahawk, which must be picked UP off the ground when thrown, and the abilty to use ""bombs"", which are very nice but expensive to have.Ok I'm rambling- I will break it down thusly:The Good-- Tons of options at start ( hint- add color to game)- Basic ""tutorial"" is enough to get you started. Very well done IMO- The use of SOUND to locate ghosts etc, VERY well done!- Equipment is very well done and set to the time period very well.- The need to (gasp) EXPLORE...well done!- The overall sense of history permeates.The Bad-- Enemy A.I. ( and animation) is wonky. I have noticed enemy in the distance......running toward me.....backwards.- The Enemy sounds are horrible. For a game that uses sound SO WELL then WHY do you have  Spanish conquistadors sound like grizzly bears?? I mean...-ALL- the bloody Spanish sound like bears!- The ""Indians"" only sound like hoot owls? really?- In combat, or during heavy load times, swapping weapons sometimes takes several presses of a key. I would assume this is a local thing 'cept..- During any dialogue with and NPC opening the map ( for me) can lead to 3-6 second freezes. I have a decent computer....can I look at a  map while I talk?Overall--- If you can get this for around 5 bucks do it! At least to support the devs!Rivscore- 79 / 100"
76561198067250471,Recommended,243120,22596866,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,glizzabizz,If I paid $60 for this game I would be satisfied!
76561198019254443,Recommended,243120,20968802,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ponktus Tyrannus,"I don't think this is a 10/10, but it's damn close.Positive:+story+gameplay+landscape+setting+graphics+enemies+story progression+combat is pretty good+side quests+lengthnegative:-you know nothing about the character you play as-i'd like some more costumization, but it's not what the game is about. It's not skyrim.I rate it lunch/10"
76561198109070454,Recommended,243120,21164963,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Nensuru Tripa Seca,"The good-The challenge: The guns on this game run out of ammo in 1 to 2 (guns) shots or are fast but deal low amounts of damage (bows), this makes for a high risk high reward experience, it also makes the player feel underpowered which accentuates the games atmosphere.-The atmosphere: Spooky, not the jump scare spooky, most of the time you feel uneased especially at the night time.Its a constant cycle of build up of tension, climax and relief.-Graphics/sound: You can change it to colour mode in the menu -> general -> tone settings.-Story: Presented in the form of notes scattered around the wilderness. It serves its purpose of making you feel like there is something wrong going on, but is nothing impressive.The bad-*My recomendation: Play it without looking at the map and disable the compass. Maps appear during loadscreens so you have to close your eyes. (lol)"
,Recommended,243120,19892631,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Gicu,Little artificial... but I like it. Really like design of this dark world.
76561198055738119,Not Recommended,243120,19816171,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,rabidweasel2,"This game makes a great impression at first, and then never delivers.  After a couple hours of frustrating gameplay, I uninstalled it.  Betrayer is now the game in my library that reminds me to be much more discerning prior to purchase."
,Recommended,243120,19999672,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GuruMeditation™,"This game is a mixture of stealth, rpg elements and detective work.If COD is your kind of game, then Betrayer is not your kind of game.Betrayer is an adventure, and a good one so far. Right now at the low price of 1.99€ in the wintersale.10/10 Get this game now !"
,Recommended,243120,20017414,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PREDATARRRR,"A game where everything is ominus and creepier than all Hell. The enemies are creepy, the enviornment is creepy, the friendly spirits are creepy, the way you buy items is slightly creepy, and the items themselves are creepy. I love it."
76561198002639946,Recommended,243120,20029584,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Doug S - NJ,"I reccomend the game with a caveat. It sometimes will not load and you get a black screen and in my case I had to restart my system as I could not even get task manager to display over it. After a cpl trys it worked... Hit or miss.Ther game itself I enjoyed. Lots of small stories that your tasked with unraveling. So basically your standard RPG.Rating 1-10Overall      7 of 10Graphics   8 of 10 - Vibrant world, lots of movement and sound. play with the  video settings its quite pretty.Sound       8 of 10   Particularly using sound to find quest NPC's.Gameplay 7 of 10  Combat options are pretty cool. Get a few at one time and it can get ugly. Movements are smooth.Story         7 of 10  Small stories all tied to the big picture."
76561197995142343,Recommended,243120,20029105,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Antaiseito,"The most atmospheric game i played since Dead Space 1.Was enthralled from start to finish, the mood built by the world and the stories you discover about the people on that island. Lots of little surprises while discovering the world if you didn't spoil yourself before playing.Really(!) great sound design, it's so much fun to experience the world not only through the very fitting visuals - played with a tint of color and an eerie light, made the world more interesting for me than pure black/white - but also to feel what's happening around you by listening and learning how to use the audible information to survive.Love the wind in the gras :)For me the weapon selection you get is extremely fun, having to reload every bullet of your musket by putting in new gunpowder and stuff it makes combat quite interesting and tactical and is just super cool. Or crawling through the gras with your bow to not startle some hollows to get them before they spot you...Liked the option to drop all your loot when dying, so that death isn't pointless like in so many other games.Here i didn't mind that the map showed you where to find stuff, since the way there was so enjoyable and it was more the question what you'll find there. Without pointers it could have devolved into a typical lifeless open world scenario where you comb back and forth through the whole map to discover everything.Almost feeling bad i got the game for only 2€ (bought again for friends after playing). Looking forward to more from Blackpowder Games!"
,Recommended,243120,20267482,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kenz/Auri,"I thought I would like Betrayer pretty much as soon as I discovered it. I was not disappointed. The writing, setting, sound and visuals come together to create a powerful, chilling atmosphere. The difficulty and mix of elements from FPS, adventure and stealth games provide a rewarding gameplay experience. Altogether, Betrayer is really a special game, and a great first impression from Blackpowder Games. I'm looking forward to whatever they'll do next."
76561198039025448,Not Recommended,243120,20531152,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Jartimus,"I've sat down to play this game twice now (so I'm by no means an expert) and I'm not finding it very engaging. I am kind of curious about the main storyline and would like to see it through, however, the fighting isn't a lot of fun. If I'm being honest, I just don't like the weapons and the aiming I guess. Also, I've been dying fairly quickly during encounters with two or more enemies, particularly the dark world's skeletons (who seem to be big fans of popping out of the ground and rushing you).Must say, the art style is pretty neat. I haven't seen this kind of thing before, except maybe during dream sequences in other games."
,Recommended,243120,20585464,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,JD,"I love this game to death!The storyline is amazing, so immersive and unique, stunning visuals and when get's dark.. it's just the best sensation of horror and depression."
,Not Recommended,243120,16539652,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rogue Trooper,this game looked cool but i feel i got screwed out of my money on this one
,Recommended,243120,16540392,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,waking.life,"These devs made a completely awesome game, so refreshing. It's different in all the right ways. I'm recommending it constantly and if you get the chance to pick it up and support these devs you should. Love it."
76561197993602676,Recommended,243120,18081286,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ichizaro [OPL],"Awesome game, perfect ambience. The hitbox is a dream, depends solely on your skills if you hit or not. It's balanced, and you have the options to set the diffeculty as you'd like, in different ways.It was just long enough to make me want more, but making it much longer wouldn't justify it in the sense that it would be too long to be good - perfect lenght of story.I truly enjoyed this game.10/10"
76561198084879192,Recommended,243120,17409184,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Apokalypsx,"very interesting game, I was hooked for a whilethe storyline was entertainingyou pretty much help ghosts that used to inhabit the areas but can't move on or 'rest'.you learn about their lives and figure out why they cant rest and find remnants that help them move ontheres two different worlds, with different types of enemies and items hidden in each worldthe light side, where you fight beast-like spaniards, and the dark side where you fight spooky scary skeletons, andwraithstheres a saturation level for the colors if you dont like pure black and white, regardless enemies have red details so you can see them easilytheres an ok variety of weapons mainly bows and flintlock type firearms, and some throwing weapons. the stealth mechanics are ok, but if you attack and mess up, prepare for the ♥♥♥♥♥torm, especially if its an outpost.lots of areas with hidden items as wellI give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,243120,17146813,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,UndyingSurf,"'Unique' is the number one buzzword to describe Betrayer. I'm unable to find a more meaningful description of the game - Betrayer is quite simply, a very idiosyncratic experience.It's basically one of those 'atmospheric' walking simulators that have been popping up in recent years on digital platforms, but with a dash more substance. It has shades of Far Cry, Skyrim and Dark Souls, so it isn't shy of taking inspiration from the AAA games industry. Gameplay is first person, with an emphasis on stealth, sneak attacks and fighting from a distance.It can be played in colour, by the way. Trailers on the steam page show much of the game in black and white, with only certain things (like dropped items and enemies) highlighted in a rich blood red tone. It's certainly arty to look at this way, and a good challenge to play, but its just as good to play by applying colour to everything.The game is set in the New World, in early colonial Virginia. You awake upon a beach, with your only motivation to head inland and explore. You soon meet a mysterious girl in a red hood and the motivation then shifts to you finding out about who she is and what she wants, though this takes a fair bit of time and interaction with the other elements of this world.Betrayer exudes elements of bizarro, Lovecraftian horror in it's story and the enemies you encounter. I won't spoil the fine details as its certainly a game to go in with very little forward knowledge about, but a large portion of the game is spent in a spirit plane which mirrors the living one. Except its constantly night-time and has this very oppressive and heavy darkness where things immediately ahead of you is enveloped in an enthereal fog, which covers the approaches of many of this world's adversaries, unsurprisingly comprising of skeletons and wraiths.I mentioned it takes inspiration from Dark Souls before - this being in the fact that, when you die, your inventory remains on the spot you died. You respawn at only one location within each map (usually a fort in the centre). You have one shot at retrieving it, though dying in the attempt or elsewhere on the map makes it vanish from the game entirely. It would give the game an element of strategy, if only ammo and money weren't easily expendable resources. Supplies are all over the space. There's even a trader, though he exists only in some other plane of existence even beyond the capabilites of our unknown protagonist to reach, and offers his wares via a weapons rack at each fort.The main strength of this game is really its atmosphere alone. Combat is simplistic, what with the weapons on offer being old guns which you slooowly reload after one shot and bows, not always the most accurate quickfire weapon when the AI enemies almost always exhibit the classic tactic of running right at you. The game's story has no real variety to itbeyond solving mysteries of some dead folk. The main story I won't discuss in detail but, overall, I found it rather bemusing and very much open to interpretation, which suits the ethos of this kind of game I guess.What the game is is part relaxing, with the lush vegetation swaying in the breeze, and part spooky, often edge of your seat scary, though never enough to make you, ahem, pee :D. In terms of stealth, its not great - killing one enemy often leads to another auto-detecting your position and sprinting towards you, to kill you often in two hits on hard difficulty.For all its charm as a unique game, Betrayer's fundamental gameplay elements fall short of its bigger and better competition. However, it's atmosphere and world are actually strong enough positives to give this game merit and make it worth a recommendation from me. 7/10 overall.+ excellent, brooding atmosphere+ its an exploration game to its core and its generally fun to find out the fate of the world's inhabitants/visitors+ main story and the other little stories/mysteries you solve are generally interesting to unravel and are strictlytied in with the collectible documents you find- combat is serviceable but nothing special- stealth is actually quite bad- not very replayable"
,Recommended,243120,17137139,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Anhellius,"PROS:+ Unique colour choice+ Atmosphere+ Sound+ Map Design+ Grim story+ Minimalistic, but sometimes less is more+ Combat is great, ability to sneak kill+ RPG, rogue-lite elementsCONS- a bit too short, I'm hoping for DLC/expansion/sequel- you have to backtrack a lot to get the best weapons in the game"
76561197973506711,Not Recommended,243120,17120296,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,bam1219,"A giant mixed bag.  The game itself is pretty decent: exploring the settlements and investigating the deaths of their former residents is decently entertaining, the combat isn't terribly deep, but still handled well, the visuals are all excellent and effective.  Unfortunately, though, the overall narrative (especially the ending) is flat to lackluster.  While the backstories of the ghosts are quite tragic and thought out well enough, having them told to us flatly by unemotive, similar looking ghosts via text simply isn't that exciting and worse yet, gets repetitive.  Only making matter worse, the end is unsatisfying, raises questions that almost no one is bound to care about, and ultimately leaves us with zero answers regarding our character's identity.  Seriously, who are we playing?  As far as I can tell it's a generic nice guy wandering through the forest armed to the teeth, talking to spirits, and suffering from schizophrenia so severe he thinks all spaniards are beastly monsters and all native americans are on fire.It's ultimately not a bad game, and if you're really interested, give it a shot.  That said, I really can't recommend this game to the average person."
,Not Recommended,243120,16629333,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"While the mysterious settin and story were intriguing, and the dual-plane mechanic was interesting, I just didn't find the the core gameplay strong enough to hold my interest.I may have been able to chew through the clumsy combat and stealth mechanics in order to enjoy the story and explore the environments, if they weren't tuned to be so unforgiving.  That level of difficulty should really be reserved for games with solid enough gameplay that the player feels that their failures are their own, and not that of the game."
76561198003297891,Recommended,243120,13923641,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Badger,"Betrayer is an excellent game with some very clever ideas. You start on a beach with no knowledge of what you need to do. As you travel through the land you discover things that start to fill in the larger picture. The story line is good and it keeps you going, looking to find out just a bit more.You can play this game in greyscale or if you change the default setting you can choose to play in colour. Some parts can only be played in greyscale but however you choose to play it's good. The combat is nicely done. You won't need reflexes of a God or knowledge of any fancy blocking or offensive moves to survive. Having said that it isn't a walk in the park either. You'll need to get weapons and choose your tactics.You will die but death isn't a major factor unless you choose the option to leave your belongings at the scene of your death. This means you have to go and recover them before you die again or lose them permanently. Death normally just means you're resurrected and the enemy has respawned, possibly at different locations and you have to try again.There were bits I thought could be done differently but overall a very enjoyable experience. It's nice to see someone trying something different in game development. Well done. Recommended."
76561198024587790,Recommended,243120,13368996,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,The War Maiden,"This game is so good, I haven't finished it yet, I'm only to the third fort but I was hooked by the first one. The game has a great combat system and is easy to get the hang of. It's creepy but knows it's own limits and always works well qithin them to provide a stable atmospheric adventure with just thr right ammount of thrills. i love finding corrupted totems and cleansing them in the mini battles that spring up at night. There are always newer and more challenging enemies to fight and the story is very well told. Most of it is discovered through natural adventuring and some learned from the many ghosts that need your help. The only time I get upset playing the game is when I'm hnting the thieves with the silver skulls. I have a hard time getting the drop on them and an even harder time shooting them in the face.All in all this is one of the best games I have played in a while and I highly recommend it to everyone."
76561198116968404,Recommended,243120,14055883,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Ninjawizard94,"it's a very interesting game, and the thing with the visuals is really cool."
,Recommended,243120,14057067,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,LOL_BUTTS,"A fun game with a good story. The graphics are great, with a great high-contrast black-and-white look. The environment sounds really bring you into the game. It's not for everyone, but you can always try out the demo to see if you like for yourself."
76561198034809779,Recommended,243120,14090646,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Pyrojude,"Betrayer is a in the middle type of game. It has horror elements, action elements , rpg elements and so on . But the problem is that it does none of these quite well. The horror elements get grading after a while, the action elements (shooting with bows ect) are ok, but nothing extraordinary and the rpg elements are nothing short of a string of ""go get X to talk to Y "" . but when it all comes together it makes for an alright experience. In short sessions , the game is pretty good and at times legitamatly scary and fairly hard. If you can get this odd-gem on sale (lower than 10 dollars) I recomend to buy it and try it out , you might find a good experience."
,Recommended,243120,13545058,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dumle,Interesting game with a nice setting and fun combat.  The gameplay could be a bit more varied but it was good enough for its length.
76561198061640537,Recommended,243120,6227158,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,#m,"This game is cool, I recommend it."
,Recommended,243120,13464475,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zombinja,"Wow. If you are a fan of well written, immersive and brutal first person experiences, a la Metro, then this game deserves your time. With a unique stealth system that cares as much about the sound you make as the enemies' cone of vision and the light, brutal combat where your arrows and bullets might deflect off of your opponents armor, genuinely creepy and thrilling horror elements, an emergent story and brilliant graphics this game is almost a guaranteed  great time."
76561198068064981,Recommended,243120,7335632,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Papa Bless,This game is very intresting and mysterious and i really enjoy it!
76561198124110220,Recommended,243120,14588732,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,A lifetime of mistakes,"Betrayer is an interesting experience. It has a bold look to it, being only black and white with dashes of red seemed (to me) like a gimmick until I played the game. The developers give you the choice of playing it black and white, or with a variety of levels of colour, varying from off-white all the way to realistic. Despite the choice I still played in almost black and white, it was design move that works heavily in favour of the story. Throughout the game you will encounter peoples tormented souls, and you will figure out what happened to make them all ghostly. The stories are usually mundane and it feels almost pointless to do it except for curiosities sake. However, once you approach the end of the game all these peoples stories will come together to affect what will happen. You will have choices to make, and I found it surprising how invested I was in what I was doing.The gameplay is very crisp, a solid stealth system that does not hold your hand. If you are not behind cover or in the shadows, and you see an enemy, chances are he will see you as well. You have bows and guns, bows have a higher chance of deflecting off armor but are silent, guns hit hard but are noisy and draw huge aggro. There is also melee and some other weapons but you get the idea.There is no music, but you will want headphones. You're only indication for what you have to do next is to listen. If you press X you will hear some noises, and you will need to know where they are coming from to find them. Also the game sounds beautiful. Exactly like the outdoors. It's got crows and everything.Gameplay:   7/10Story:   7/10"
76561198079752492,Recommended,243120,14656966,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sir.WillyD,ADVENTURE!
76561198158907622,Recommended,243120,14658250,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,valcliff,"WARNING: SPOILERS AHEADWell, this was certainly an interesting and different jaunt for me. The game puts you in the shoes of a happless explorer, waking up stranded on a beach. And right away, the game disquiets you with the fact that everything around you is in black and white. It is almost as if you're wandering about in somebody's dream, though you find soon enough that the one color you're not blind to is red - it permutates nearly everything you run into, in this story.  You see it in the eyes of strange monsters disguised as Spanish soldiers. You see it on the tattered flags of derelect settlements. You see it splattering the ground with fragments of violent events from a distant past. You are the only person left to piece together the clues of what happened, save for a maiden wearing a red cloak. As far as style goes, this game kept it simple but vibrant. It truly felt like I was wandering lost through the forest trails of ancient New England, trying to figure out what happened to the Roanoke Colony (this game isn't directly about that particular incident in history, but it's not hard to imagine how much the event inspired this creation).As far as style and visuals go, this game is an easy 9. It was slightly flustering having to take so much time reloading your weapons after each shot, but hey, it's the hazard of being a 1-man platoon in the 17th century. Thankfully as the game progresses you manage to secure higher quality weapons and charms that increase your health or allow you to reload faster. Some enemy encounters can get overwelming, but as long as you can keep a good tempo in combat, things get pretty easy after a while.As for any criticisms I have, I say them only out of love for this game. But Betrayer does feel like it was a bit rushed in some aspects, particularly with the ending. Not that the ending was terrible, but it was a bit of a hasty punch-out. The free-roam mode after you win provides some context as to what happened, but I would have preferred just closing the case once and for all. If your main character gets the girl and they say their final farewells to Tabitha over her grave hand-in-hand, great. If Allison ultimately regresses and decides to push you into an open grave and betrays you as the title suggests, that's fine too. If the programmers wanted a free roam mode so badly, they should have had a hot tub you can climb into with Allison, Tabitha and that native princess. In short, the ending just felt kind of phoned in, and the free roam mode just felt like padding.Please don't take that to mean I hated the game, though. I recommend the hell out of it to anyone that wants a different kind of challenge to a 1st-person wilderness-survival-paranormal sim. The weapons test your abilities (and the threshold of your patience) as a marksman in frantic combat situations, and the mysteries of each neighboring fort settlement adds so much intrigue to exploring the countryside. I eagerly look forward to any news of a sequel or new content that might spring up for this game, and I hope more people try this out until then. This is a very unsettling, twisted look at the depths of human cruelty to his own people, and I hope this game becomes more widely known as time goes on."
,Recommended,243120,14631249,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"Do not think of Betrayer as an Action game. Think of it as a Exploration/Mystery game with action elements. The combat is repetitive but fun, the game mechanics are interesting and entertaining, but it's such a trip to just wander through this game, and talk to these strange beings and hear their stories and explore their world.If you like games with narrative, games with exploration, games with atmosphere, and also know how to handle an action game, this one is exceptional. If you're looking for an action packed adventure, or on the other end don't like any action, this is not your cup of tea. I, however, think the reviews haven't been very fair. This is an extremely well made game that has a point of view and is well worth your time and money.Stupid name for a game tho. Then again some of these guys were the ones who brought us the ever so cleverly named F.E.A.R."
,Recommended,243120,14602888,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,seph``,This is an absolutely gorgeous game if your computer can handle it on maximum. The storyline is very progressive and the mechanics of the game are easy to pick up as you go along. Yes it's black and white but damn is it gorgeous and the sounds are really well done too.The UI is rather simple but not over cluttered with information like most games. It's well worth the money for this game.
,Recommended,243120,14589481,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Demon Lord of the Round Table,"Pros:Lack of hand holding.Audio Design is fantastic.Ammo and weapons are scarce, as they should be in a horror game.Setting is rather original, I don't ever remember playing a game in the colonial period before.The astetic is really good, I like the stark contrast. And the Splashes of red differentiating backround objects from important objects is a very good choice.And there is an option to turn colour on if you don't like the black and white look.Cons:Open world looks rather same-y, making it hard to find quest items and collectables."
,Recommended,243120,14690081,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,FILTHY GOY,"something refreshing and original, great story and pacing, 9.5/10, get it!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,243120,10372687,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Honk Friend,"Eerie, I've played other scarier games, but this game combines horror, I think horror, and action. The barren atmosphere adds to that eeire fell too. The color settings are something I've never seen. Although I tend not to use it, I still find it an interesting setting. I won't spoil the end for you, of course, but the storyline is phenomenal!  The price may make you change your mind, but it's worth it, trust me."
,Recommended,243120,14676949,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,hellzyeah074,This game is very good for an indie game. I can see where leter on down the line it can be a bit repetitive but its still fun graphicaly and game play wise. Heres a video i did of my first time impression on the game. Its probably a better reveiw from me then just typing one.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igr679qqAPE
,Recommended,243120,14538796,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Tekjet,"I'm loving this game so far. The visual style and incredible sound design add an eeriness that works very well. Also, if you like searching for items and managing an inventory, there's some of that as well. Everything is wrapped around trying to solve a mystery of what happened before your ship crashed ashore in this VERY early American colony. It's not quite open-world, but the space is layed out in such a way as to feel like it is. I'm very excited to play more of this one."
76561198097575049,Recommended,243120,14748713,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,WorldRuler1234,"Betrayer.....wow. I really enjoyed this game. You are a nameless sailor who becomes shipwrecked on an island. Your shipmate's where-abouts are unknown and you are alone.....kinda. Soon after your arrival you, the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. This is a dark, open-world, FPS. The story was fantastic and delivered with such excellence. The gameplay is solid with little to no complaints. I wouldn't define it as a ""horror"" game, more so just nerve racking. One of my favorite games of 2014."
,Recommended,243120,15835220,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,igorkislyuk,"Found I better game, i would play Betrayer any way... It's perfect immaculate and ridiculous game with no straight story line, only with the advices and enemies. So you and only you could perform this..."
76561198122007173,Recommended,243120,15881150,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,dasgear,Ok I like this one quite fun.
76561198062755320,Recommended,243120,15881590,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,warthog,"Very good game, I'm not really a fan of indies, as they tend to be crap. This game is an honorable exception, not only it succeeds in submerging the player in a grim and mysterious, atmosphere, but also the gameplay is entertaining and somewhat challenging relative to modern day FPS. Also noteworthy is the need to use all of your arsenal and weapons in dealing with different kinds of enemies, and the low ammo availability. This game is in all aspects a worthy successor of the old-school survival horror FPS, genere. Definitely worth every single cent."
,Recommended,243120,15865170,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lilith,"Sneaking up on enemies seems impossible without the wind blowing. Arrows + armor = bad time, aim for the face. It took me about an hour to get into a fort on the 2nd map. God damn, this game is kinda hard!Not happy with respawning back at camp, having to run all over the place to get back to the guys you were fighting. (While possibly running into more enemies, doh!)"
76561198035015119,Recommended,243120,15876604,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,pilot,buen juego me gusto mucho... si esta en rebaja ni lo dudes
,Not Recommended,243120,15877994,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,commandough,"Can't wait for the sequel!Interesting but shallow combat with a story that doesn't live up to the promise of it's setting and premise.GameplayEnemies usually go down with one or two hits but can kill you without many shots themselves, and you can't dodge or take cover very effectively either. In combat I mostly found myself kiting enemies, sprinting away as I reloaded before spinning around and firing off my one shot.Stealth is pretty binary, enemies are nearly blind but all instantly know where you are if you miss a shot with your stealthy bow.More polish and depth is needed to make it more than a novelty.StoryYou never find out anything about what's going on or why it's happening until the last second, and even thenit's never shown how any of this stuff happened.Nor does it explained why half of it happened in the first place. Why Spanish people turn into angry zombies but British people get turned to ash?I had to search through the forums to find out how to advance from area to area because how you did so was never brought up or even connected to any of the plot."
76561198058924040,Recommended,243120,16145972,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,mmccugh,"I certainly enjoyed the game and look forward to what the developer does in the future.PROS:Great settingCombat was engagingUn-typicalCONS:LengthRepetitive missionsI would recommend for people looking for a short, enjoyable experience with out high regard for flashiness."
76561197970103344,Recommended,243120,16151440,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,DAD HAMMER,"You could call it a simple 'Fetch Quest' game on the base of it, but honestly the gameplay inbetween those fetches / tasks is very fun. The world is somehow so engrossing even though its maps are simple sandboxes mainly involving trees / fauna etc ..The ghost world again is its flip side, very creepy, few jumps but I dont think this game is about that.For 6.99 it is a bloody steal, just remember to change the saturation / colours as its black/white/red as standard, no idea why..."
76561198139457913,Recommended,243120,16184832,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Spike 2025-2033,"Gameplay: 4/10Fun adventure, but a little shallow.It can't be denied, for a surprisingly simple game ""Betrayed"" is surprisingly fun. It's easy to figure out, nothing is too taxing and the gameplay ebbs and flows between a parallel dimensional concept. However after a short time I found myself wanting more variables to play with. Where's my stamina bar? Why can't I climb trees? I want more items. More dynamic enemies. My health goes down too fast (I can only imagine they did this to lengthen the game duration as you are forced to regularly go back for health).Overall the gameplay felt a little mechanical and 2 dimensional, unfinished, yet relaxing, quite enjoyable and hopefully the start of something big.Game ambiance: 5/10There isn't really much, but what does have I like.Ambience? What ambience? Well... The grass and the tress bend, sway and dance as the wind blows through on a sunny day. Shhhhh, I'm going to take a nap.   ...was that a bird?Reliability/Stability: 10/10Reliable. No crashes/problems/errors to report.Story/Plot: 6/10Not bad. The plot was never dull for me. I enjoyed it throughout. There were a few elements that were original and some that sounded religiously suspicious. That being said I felt I had to drop the score a few points because, again, the game felt unfinished, or more like a concept than a full release.Concept: 7/10Brilliant. It's good to see a bow and arrow and black powder arms game. I love the way you can play with the colour and how colour is part of the game. The quests are great too.Concept execution: 5/10Good clean simple fun. I really hope there is a Betrayed 2 and it's literally, in every way,  twice the game this is.Textures: 5/10Average. Characters look somehow ""plonked"" in the there without much visual continuity with scenery textures. Although the shrubs on the ground have nice textures.Modelling: 6/10Average, but better than the textures. Weapons look great. Plant leaves are ok.Graphics: 6/10Overall they are ok. Despite it's shortcomings the game is by no means intolerable.Sound: 5/10weapons are great! As for the rest the game needs a bigger sound library.Music: 6/10Menu music is nice."
,Recommended,243120,16029575,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ms.TAKE,"Bought on sale, very happy with outcome.Storyline is rather short - 14 h of gameplay is not much, but considering a price - seems enough.cons:- Lack of voice narration instead of plain text presented in rather unreadable font.- IMHO combat and (rare) weapons availability are unbalanced - accessible too late, with overwhelming quantity and weight - thus lack of gradation.pros:- atmospheric (overall sound and dark-side part is nice), playable. rewarding even."
,Recommended,243120,16097926,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Herr Helheim,"interesting game. sometimes a little repetitive with all the running through the woods, but a cool game non the less.i just wish there were some voice actors, as there is a lot of reading in this game.. voice actors would add a nice touch to the game.at times it felt like an unfinished game to me, the game leaves you to figure things out for yourself. the journal/notes are rather messy/unorganized too..but still, i really enjoyed the game"
,Recommended,243120,16137957,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),Cool game for a low price.-Good graphics-Decent stealth-Some horror-Some puzzles-Unique story so far...
76561197992112271,Recommended,243120,16138578,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Angry,. . .
76561198073562039,Not Recommended,243120,15230369,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,shovel,"Eh, got bored quickly. To summarize how it feels, imajine Far Cry 3 with bad bow physics and shooting, lame enemies, boring quests, visuals that bother your eyes, and a wierd story that you'll just ignore completely."
76561197988114896,Recommended,243120,10881021,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,creept,"just as i thought! never trust an indie game maker. they always write lousy code, they don't have the funds or funbase to test their games in various systems, and they are never around when you need support...betrayer betrayed me just on the 2nd map. it keeps crashing as soon as i step into some place called fort henry...so i'm betraying betrayer and deleting it from my hdd never to see it again...--So this was my first review about Betrayer. I tried to play it at my ex-laptop, and since I've upgraded to a new one, I said what the hell, why not give this another chance?It's good that I did. What I saw simply became one of my best experiences in horror gaming.Actually it is pretty simple: Search, fight, repeat in an Open World-ish map in 18th century new England. Nice touches of RPG genre, stealth, good weapon dynamics and good opponent AI etc etc...The catch is; it is all in a monochrome horror atmosphere! Which is good and matches the overall mood of the game.Tho the game does not bring much new stuff to the genre, I especially liked the stealth running in gusts, the eerie other world, the usage of sounds and noises, and the stealthy indians which can be spotted by the bird noise they make.In the end it is a decent game and I am converting my recommendation from No to Yes..."
76561198044407243,Recommended,243120,15068723,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Commander_Jarvis,"Everyone else already wrote eloquent reviews about this game, so this one is for those that are on the fence about buying and are using reviews. This is a good game. Lots of mystery and exploring to discover the fate of a decimated colony. You can play in black and white or in color, so don't let that scare you. Gets slightly repetitive towards the end, but man, I found this game to be really enjoyable. I wouldn't really call it a horror game. There are a few jump-scares from time to time (especially if you're playing late at night and are intently listening for the distant shimmer of a treasure chest), but nothing too scary. I bought it while it was on sale which I think justifies the purchase. Worth close to $20, but I would wait until it's on sale. Seriously though, this game is a rarely great Indie game and definitely deserves a playthrough. Buy it or become a Betrayer to the gaming community (see what I did there?)P.S. If you do buy it, when you talk to the red maiden and she asks you if she needs to die, say yes (Literally no one else has and you could be the first to find out what happens)7.14323556 / 10"
76561198078694541,Not Recommended,243120,13505226,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,I like pancakes,"I love this game, very open, nice asthetic, bueatiful graphics, and awesome gunplay. The only thing that is holding me back from recommending is the very, very basic ai. No work was obviously done with the AI. It's a basic script that the guy probably coded in making it only run towards you animation, and hit the player right on target no matter what distance you are from or that you are behind something where shot can't hit you, but lose health regardless."
76561198035965092,Recommended,243120,13505338,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mathieu GV,"I'm very impressed about this game. It'a very catchy. Where's Betrayer 2, I want more!!!"
,Recommended,243120,13507346,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,zephyrbadge,"It's been in the first slot on my wishlist for a long while and I finally bought it recently. I shall update my review after more time playing the game, but my first impressions are that this game was everything I was hoping it would be, and then some. Really impressive and fun, definitely worth getting"
76561198085791858,Recommended,243120,13522716,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Aura,"An awesome game!The graphics are beautiful and the atmosphere is amazing, it's relaxing and unsettling at the same time.At first you'll most likely think why it's tagged as ""horror"" but after a short while you begin to understand.And  even though you mostly do the same all the time, it's weirdly enjoyable.The normal price is quite much for me but to people who are not that picky as me I'd say it's definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,243120,13808933,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,NordicAryan,"A game about exploring, investigating, uncovering mysteries, with combat more or less as a side activity.This review basically complements or simply adds to the hundreds of other reviews already posted.The highlight of the game is the stories you uncover. Each wraith you meet can't remember what has happened or what is keeping them from resting in peace, and will at first only remember one thing that happened. For example one will only remember staring into the barrel of a gun, which will make you assume the wraith was murdered, until you uncover more clues and belongings which will help the wraith remember what happened and you will eventually realise that your assumptions of the events that took place are completely different from what actually happened. Your first impressions will never be correct. In fact, they will be far off. And this is what, to me, makes the game really shine.There is no true horror in the game. The game will feel creepy for the first hour or so but after that you will realise this is not a horror game.There is virtually no hand-holding or tutorial. There is a mysterious woman, also with amnesia, who has her own past she is trying to discover who will a few times direct your next move, which include assisting her in figuring out her own. The majority of the side stories also tie together to the main story line involving the said mysterious woman.The combat is challenging at times but revolves around switching between weapon types for either faster firing or more damage for different enemies, while dodging their attacks.Virtually no replay value however (unless you want to witness the ending again) as all investigations are recorded in a book so you can always read back at what the stories are, and there are no cinematics.For $20, you may be wishing there to be more content, otherwise when the game goes on sale it is definitely worth a buy. Lots to do for 100% completionists out there too!"
76561198004623912,Recommended,243120,13818894,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,{FRG}Grizzly,"I really liked this game. The black and white graphics (which can apparently be changed) really gave the game a different feel. I thought that it helped to focus more on some of the sound effects. The sound can be very important if you are close to an important object in the game but not on top of it.Switching between the real world and spirit world was a nice aspect as well. That also helped to build the tension as the game progressed. The story line was good as well, although I would have liked it to be fleshed out just a little bit more. I thought that trying to neatly tie everything up at the very end could have been done a little better, leave a little more mystery!Great game though, really enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,243120,13820702,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gilgafresh,Well I almost pooped my self a few times...
,Recommended,243120,13672795,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,dragon72,"I didn't know exactly what to expect from a game like this and that maybe was the reason I was pleasantly surprised. Atmosphere is good and environment is nicely done (though a bit minimalistic), game mechanic is well learnable and I think the game does a good job as an action adventure. I enjoyed the combat, searching for better weapons and treasures. The listening compass is good idea also.My only (very minor) reproach would be the map for there is no way to add a custom waypoint to it and follow it - it just would be nice but I can live and play well without it."
,Recommended,243120,13365831,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ndragortt,"I initially jumped into this game not knowing what to expect other than the beautiful and realistic environments I had seen briefly in various gameplay videos. The overall mood portrayed by the lighting and environment is perfectly suited for the style of gameplay.With that being said, do not expect this game to simply guide you through the campaign by automatically setting up new missions after arriving at checkpoints. It doesn't work that way. You're expected to figure everything out with little to no guidance whatsoever. To me, this very aspect is the genius of the game. Taking place during a time period devoid of any type of helping-hand technology, I feel that the developers were able to accurately capture that sense of vulnerability and uneasiness that should be expected from a game of this nature.Overall, for an indie game I'd rate it 4.5/5. It's a perfectly good game that I'll be following for quite a while in hopes of new additions being added over time."
76561197999259229,Recommended,243120,13746625,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Labyrinth2 0,"Very Atmospheric Game!As for some of you who don't know, there are not a lot of games that take place in the early 17th century that center around the colonization of the Americas, where this game takes place in.  It's one of those time periods (in my opinion) that don't cater much to certain people primarily, but this game stands out.The atmosphere is what makes this game, with an open world similar to Skyrim in a smaller scale.  The options of changing color is nice and the whole concept is there.  It gives you a lonely feeling where you only interact with the girl in red and the spirits while enemies are out to hunt you.The only 2 minor problems I have is the fact that you can only have 3 weapons at a time when there are only 5 in total.  I use the Musket, Pistol, and Longbow primary and not the shortbow and crossbow at all.  I would consider setting the 4 and 5 key as a 4th and 5th weapon slot so that we wouldn't have to set the weapons from the inventory slot.The other problem is the lack of enemies in the game.  Sure, the nature and huge world are nice, but I feel that some more action would be nice. I find that the Spanish Conquistadors and the Statues are the most fun to take out but there's not enough of them.Other than that, Great game and will recommend to people looking for a new themed first person shooter/adventure! 9.5/10"
,Recommended,243120,13769390,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Intelligence Dampening Core,"The graphics are simply amazing, the greyscale style looks great, and if you don't want it in greyscale the saturation can be changed in options. The story is mostly told through the stories of ghosts, what the maiden in red tells you, and notes that you find. The game is open world, and while the world is split into maps, they're large maps with varied terrain, and there are treasure chests and buried treasure that gives a reason to explore, if the great scenery isn't enough. There's also fast travel.There are armored soldiers and stealthy natives patrolling the area, and stealth is a viable option if you don't want to run in guns blazing. The weapons are well designed and animated, with 2 flintlock guns, 2 bows, a crossbow, a tomahawk, and grenades, a nice break from the usual ""pistol, SMG, rifle, etc."". The guns, bows, and crossbows can be bought in different qualities, and there are unique weapons with even better stats hidden around the maps too.On each map there is a bell that moves you to a very atmospheric alternate dimension where you can talk to ghosts and try to solve some of the area's mysteries while fighting skeletons. There is a unique ""listen"" feature that helps you find clues, ghosts, and statues by making a sound near their location, which prevents the frustration of not being able to find the next clue.Overall, definately worth buying."
,Recommended,243120,13172501,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,FleshyPrison | <O>,Great game
,Recommended,243120,13203733,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DMStewart,"By far one of the most original concepts in gaming that I have seen in a long time. After watching vids, reading a few short reviews and ""first impressions"", I was sure that I had a full understanding of what this game was like, what it was trying to achieve, and, most importantly, what type of titles it leaned on to give it its general feel. Very soon into the game I realized that everything I thought I knew about the game was wrong. There is really nothing like it. It doesnt appear to have ""leaned"" on or borrowed any ideas from other games. Game play is simple and solid. Nothing weird. Nothing that takes a special touch or extra time to master. So many games try to go crazy with making unique gameplay that they screw-up the basics. This doesnt do that at all. They dont need to. The originality is in the way the world unfolds in front of you and not in the form and function of core gameplay. So everything works just fine and anyone can start this game and start playing immediately.This is one of those small publisher games that everyone should play. Its also a small publisher game that large publishers will likely borrow ideas from.The color scheme is really pretty genius. I thought I would bring it up to full, regular color early on. But I didnt. I put just a touch of color saturation into the world and it seems that that graphics engine really looks cool that way. But again, its all preference and I cant believe that no other games had this option before.Betrayer also fills a market gap on time period of the game setting. We have futuristic, modern(early 20th-21st century), medieval, and even ancient FPS games. But the 17th century is a relatively underutlized time period. I think the reason is that the time period itself is just not as popular as the latter I listed. But it does make for an interesting environment. Many games have a bow. But few games take place in the time period where the bow is a relatively strong option when compared to other weapons available to you.It just seems that the devs and the publisher ticks all the right boxes when it comers to making a truly unique game. I have been watching this title for some time and I am glad that I finally pulled the trigger today and purchased it. But there is nothing to compare it to. So I cant say ""If you like [insert game title here] then you will love this!"", but I do highly recommend this game.The only downside so far is that the enemies dont seem very challenging. With that being said, the stealth mechanics work just fine but because the enemies are easy, there is no real reason to be stealthy. That may change as I am only an hour or so in the game and I have now seen a new type of enemy. Will update if it becomes more challenging."
,Recommended,243120,13207154,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SludgeDredd,"When I bought Betrayer I had no idea what to expect. All I'd seen of the game was screenshots from the steam page showing black and white visuals with a bit of crimson thrown in, and the occasional spooky skeleton. All I could think about was ""dis gon be gud"".Betrayer is an action/adventure RPG game by the indie developer Blackpowder Games, and was released on March 24 of this year and it's reception upon release was pretty good but not enough to make it to the big leagues.When I first played the game I was immediately fully Immersed in the monochrome tropical world in which i'd been thrown. The black and white visuals did not only enhance the experience but did in fact make up most of it, and the atmosphere and ambiance owe most of it's glory to that decision and the crimson colours on some of the objects within the game create a beautiful visual experience that gets you completely invested in the game.The game play is decent but it lacks a little bit of flare to make it stand out in any way, but the simplicity of the controls make it easier to get lost in the visuals as well as the narrative, which is outstanding and has a lot to offer.All in all I recommend the game for everyone.""Go get it"" out of 10"
76561198009742745,Recommended,243120,15332152,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,tarakiwa512,"This is a great and unique game. It does an excellent job of using sound both as a gaming device and for atmosphere/intensity.At its core it's a game of Marco Polo where you hit the ""Listen"" key and listen to the responses; taking note of both the direction and the intensity of the sound to find out direction+distance; this is far more satisfying than the typical RPG that just shows an exact location on the map or a magical compass point. Throw in creative use of color contrast for the ""ghost"" and ""regular"" worlds, with harrowing investigations and you have a winner.My only compaint is it can be a bit repetitive at times. Having to cover both worlds on every map gets a bit much, especially later in the game when you have to do back tracking. All-in-all though the mystery keeps you hooked until the very end."
76561198044551273,Recommended,243120,15294609,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Mallyx,"Betrayer tries to work more with audio then most games and to it's credit pulls it off nicely. I would seriously recommend using a decent headset while playing this game. Most of the times when a game tries black and white(and red I guess) gameplay it can become difficult to differentiate objects, especially when off in the distance though I never had an instance where I had any issues. The game also has some decently implemented mechanics, like the wind rusteling through tall grass and tree's to drown the sound of your footsteps out makes for a great effect.Sadly enough I feel asif Betrayer has far too few mechanics to keep it intresting. There's not a big variety in enemies or weapons to use. But my biggest complaint of the game is the dark world.Basicly, the game has 2 'worlds' ; the light and the dark world. The light world would be considered the 'normal' world,  You feel asif you are in a real forest as the light world is richly detailed with plantlife, small settlements, filled with audio effects,.. Basicly you feel asif you are walking through a real forest. The dark world, is basicly the exact same as the light world, without the many audio effects, a much smaller view distance, a darker light filter and different enemies; though in theory, those 'different enemies ' are just reskins. the standard light world enemies use bows/muskets while the standard dark world enemy shoots bones. You'll deal with them in the same manner so they are pretty much the same.I also feel that the many mysteries involving the deaths of the people on the island could be a bit better worked out, you can never seem to speculate what happened untill the puzzle is solved through the various NPC's you'll encounter, you pretty much run from one place to another gathering evidence, showing it to NPC's and they'll tell you the story.All in all, I liked Betrayer; asmuch as I disliked having to go to the dark world because it felt like padding out the game just to reach a justifyable play time, the light world does carry it as it's simply a beautiful environment"
76561197970811255,Recommended,243120,13851111,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,POPS,"I loved it, but I like (slower) quest games. I loved the lack of color and period weapons. Coming from an archer in Skyrim, I was happy to find another bow and arrow game. However, as I'm an old(er) guy, I can understand that there may not be enough action for experienced gamers or those with short attention spans. My only complaints are that you can't mark the map or save multiple games. I, for one, am  looking forward to a Betrayer 2."
,Recommended,243120,13569126,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Crucial Blue,"The art style is absolutely gorgeous. An eerie environment and momentarily gusty winds make you want to creep around every corner. Finding all the pieces to every puzzle starts off straight away, getting you into the groove of looking everywhere, but a ""nearby item"" tone makes things less grueling.Combat is, actually, fairly realistic. The bows are absolute trash until upgraded versions become available, and the one-shot nature of the guns I've used so far makes combat absolutely difficult. Tactics are needed more than brawn, so be wise.FOV can be adjusted for those that FPS games make a little nauseous. But I will say, the constant black-and-white nature of things doesn't help."
76561198160815596,Recommended,243120,13896346,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,bandgap,Pros: Cool concept. Very immersive. Overall enjoyableCons: The shovel. By the end it seems somewhat reapetitive. Didnt like the ending
,Not Recommended,243120,13881909,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,NachoDawg,"Try out the demo first. I know I should have.  The game looks nice. The trailers pretty realistic about what you can expect visually, but not gameplay wise.The stealth mechanics are really lacking, or almost non existing. Enemies see you through grass, so if you're coming up over a hill then they will have seen you before you knew they were there. The wind-blowing mechanic is cool, but you wont use it nearly as much as the game will have you think. Encounters with enemies are mostly just ""what order do i have to kill things to save on HP. They don't see you if you go behind them, but wether you are able to chance upon them from behind is seemingly random, as the blurry camera makes enemies even capable of seeing you before you see them in a straight line.The AI is dumb as bread. Enemies either A) run straight at you. B) shoot at you. C) in the case of the natives, just move around a bit to ""seem"" like they're doing dodging things. The only time i was impressed by the AI was when a monster walked up to another monster he had seen get killed. Other than that, you'd almost wonder if there was any thought into the AI at all.The quests are OK if you like storie telling. Everything is text. Everything consists of fetch/delivery quests and dialog with NPCs. you press the ""listen"" button to get a noise indication of where you have to go next. You would think that with all the stories and footnotes the game stores in your journal, it would expect you to take on the challenge of thinking about where to go next, but no. You can beat the game by just spamming through dialog all meanwhile doing dull-as-water fetch-quests where you have to battle the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor AI that pops up every now and then along the way.. though once you've unlocked all the quick-travel locations in an ""area"" then you're just going to try to do as little walking as possible.I got to the third and last area, and realized they want me to backtrack through the game for the rest of the story. That's when I quit playing."
,Recommended,243120,14174170,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,AFK4LYF,"Excellent graphics, sound, and story. This atmosphere felt something like Silent Hill only in the 1600's. And... that ending... that ending. Don't expect much out of combat. There's limited variety to the enemies and encounters tend to be repetitive. It can still be challenging though, especially considering the weapons from that era. Betrayer is spooky and evil in all the right ways."
76561198133890095,Recommended,243120,13298205,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,SassyBlackBiatch,"I have to say... I bought Betrayer after Ghem's Review And i have to say two things A) Well done review by Ghem who actually made me want to buy it and B) I'm glad i bought this As this is Easily One of the best games i Have played in the last year or so.The thing thats really Great is that Betrayer Doesn't Use Many Jump-Scares, Unlike Slender who uses Jump Scares for Cheap Frights this game Makes you Scare or Jump Yourself... Example: I was still pretty fresh to the game just entered the first area and still not knowing much about the enemies. As i Took out a Lone Conquistador i Moved in to Loot the corpse as that happened A Gust of Wind Came by And i turned to see something Shiny, Instantly my Mind Thought that it was onther enemy so i had a mini-Heart attack and Ran. Only to Find out it was only a Piece of loot i failed to pick UpClocked in 9 or so Hours since buying it Yesterday and ive got it loaded ready to play When i Finish this... This game is a Visually Striking, Unique, Terryfiying, Beautiful and Immersive games And i Highly Recommend it. The Game looks just as good in colour than it does in Grey Scale, Only the Grey scale makes it that much more atmospheric.The only little Niggle/Flaw i Have with this game... No Voice acting... If this were to have voice acting i think it would greatly add to the immersion to the game"
,Recommended,243120,13275782,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Literal Garbage,I get to fight in the Skeleton War
,Not Recommended,243120,13195136,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MadeUnderground,"At first I was really impressed with this game. The atmosphere, the development of the plot.. etc. But after just a little over 3 hours of gameplay I found that I couldn't finish it. As another reviewer had commented, it was way too isolated and became boring pretty quickly.When I had first started playing the game, (I played for about thirty minutes and then got busy with school), I was recommending it to all of my friends. After getting some time on my hands and having a chance to continue playing it, I could only do it for another 2 hours or so before I realized I had made a mistake on my recommendation.It does feel unique in comparison to any other game I've played and that's worth something, and I've played games where you're very isolated before (Myst, Traitor's Gate, pretty much any point-and-click adventure game), but this didn't have enough story to fill in the isolation like point-and-clicks do and so yeah, I couldn't get through it."
76561197998935647,Recommended,243120,11061139,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,The Empty Space,This is a game I like. It is interesting.
,Recommended,243120,11061529,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Drew Ayers (DewyDS),"When i first baught this game I was mostly thinking 'I hope this gives me a few hours of alright alright visuals with maybe some fun combat' but I must say I got much more than what I was hoping for.This game if far from perfect though that does not mean to say that its not very good, which it is, it just has an unpolished feeling about it. This unpolished feeling though adds as much as it takes away in a strange way with the bow for example feeling clumsy to fire, yet much more realistic, the muskets taking a bloody age to reload is annoying and unhelpful... But RIGHT.When it comes to how this game looks, I couldn't be happier with it, the black and white style just works well as well as a small amount of colour or very bright colours, It really depends on what you want the game to feel like and the level of detail if really rather good too. And the thing I like most it the games use of red just to make sure you know when you're looking at and for while still keeping the mystery of whet to do with it now that you have it.Though I feel the main selling point to this game for me is the fact I was able to just get lost in the game. The immersion levels of this game are really something special as it's so rarely done to this standard. Every sound leaves you franticly searching around for someone, even the breeze keeps me in the edge of my seat though that's nothing when it comes to the other world where it's everything I just said times a 100.The main negatives to this game are just little annoyances that just remind you it's a video game, such as the shop owner just not being there, or the vast drops in pace when you're not sure what to do for 10 - 15 mins.When it comes to you buying this game I really do recommend giving it a go, though maybe when it's on sale like me as I feel £15 may be a tad on the steep side.(I realise at the time of writing this I may not have played too many hours and so you may want to think of this as maybe more of a first impressions (Sorry, a very long one at that) Though i plan to play more and look very foward to do so.)Visuals: 9/10Gameplay: 8.5/10Immersion: 10/10Storyline: 6/10Detail: 8/10Overall: 8.5/10"
76561198040532093,Recommended,243120,11065270,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ymo1965,"Brilliantly atmospheric spook-fest. Very well executed sound mechanics. Nice visuals. Had me hooked after I sussed out what I was suposed to be doing. Recommended 100%, buy now! :()"
76561197994963864,Recommended,243120,11070373,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,insubordin8,"I'm gonna make this short and sweet, because the game is short and sweet! I finshed it in about 12 hours, and the time was well spent.  The storyline is good and well written, and the game strikes a good overall balace between action and clue-finding.  I would have liked to see the forests a little more populated with wildlife, but that's not a game-changer because they feel alive. The bottom line is that it was FUN!  This is a pretty good action/adventure game; I highly recommend it!  To the developers... sequel please!"
,Recommended,243120,11022838,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,alcoholer14,"Mystic, atmospheric and hard. I want more games with this lack of color and this kind of innuendo."
76561198061091112,Recommended,243120,11022958,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,"Boom, Roasted.","Great game has some drawbacks, it is a linear game but offers a different perspective to the gaming experience."
,Recommended,243120,10966414,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kaydee (Yang | MashMash),Very creepy. Very atmospheric. Good mystery. Worth the money.
,Recommended,243120,10974824,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,razzle_dazzle79,Das is good.
,Recommended,243120,11152188,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Broseidon_KingoftheSeas,"This game is pretty interesting. Kind of slow paced, but it's worth checking out."
76561198119509006,Recommended,243120,9714070,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Matt71,"Betrayer is an incredibly atmospheric 1st person 'shooter' with a very interesting black and white and red look. Not as creepy as it is brooding, you are asked to rely on your intuition as you explore the landscape. I have yet to complete the game, but for those looking for a different vibe, yet still playing a game with a familiar combat style, I'd definitely recommend this one!"
,Recommended,243120,9919735,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,adrianmarshall167,"Betrayer is a little hard to describe; on one hand, the developers know their craft from FEAR, and they haven't done any less with their work here. On the other hand, it has one of the bleakest worlds I've seen in a video game, sometimes involving wandering for hours just trying to figure out what clues you might have missed. I bought the game during Early Access and it's progressed quite a bit since it first came onto Steam, and as such I can't recommend it enough, at least to try, for the sake of the things it does well in its atmosphere, storytelling, and gameplay."
76561198128154787,Recommended,243120,13020015,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,SongoftheWolfy,"Intriguing game. The minimalist style really gives it a different feel, like Shadow of the Colossus almost. Challenging and very well put together!"
76561197971861210,Recommended,243120,13054128,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Nudelsuppe,"You take out a village full of spaniards out carefully one by one in stealth. Then of course someone spots you from the other end of the world, you die. Every enemy respawns and you have to start all fu###ing over with less ammunition. As much as I like the concept, sound and artstyle of this game, the extremely punishing combat frustrates me too much to enjoy this.That being said, I still kept coming back to play more, because the world and character stories were so interesting. And after you ""understand"" how combat works (like kiting large groups and keeping healing charges high), it's actually pretty fun. The audio and visual cues on hitting enemies with a bolt in the head are really satisfying. If you have some patience and interest in the concept, by all means, buy this game now and experience something different from all the standard!"
,Recommended,243120,13153422,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke,"Nice visuals, fun gameplay (although kind of repetetive, but not enough to ruin the experience in anyway), and a nice story. Certainly worth the money (when it's on sale) and remember.....Listen."
76561198080108047,Recommended,243120,13153713,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,tkidd1998,Spoiler Alert: AWESOME. P.S.:Based on the ending there SHOULD be a SEQUEL.
76561198010862444,Recommended,243120,7418919,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,ridley,"I love the game and the concept however can there be a save game and continue? if you die (as I frequently have), I need to re-gather my treasure and face re-spawned enemies (which I have already killed). Is this a possibiltiy??"
,Recommended,243120,12989438,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,EradicaterMN,"110% atmosphere. There is no music at all, and the story and gameplay keepys you on your toes. You search for clues throughout the land and ring bells to enter this ""otherworld"".11/10 2spooky4me.Seriously though play this at night with no lights on. The immersion is astounding."
76561197968321754,Recommended,243120,14752571,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Speedkillsuk,"This is a very strange game to recommend. It looks like it should be terrible (clunky gameplay, amateurish presentation, no voice acting, wonky story pacing, 2005-era map inventory, map, and upgrades) but something about it is strangely compelling. After half an hour of playing it, I realised that all these flaws and poor design choices becameendearing, and oddly complemented the better elements of the game: the beautifully eerie graphics, the foreboding yet atmospheric sound design, and the apt sense of loneliness and trepidation created throughout. It's an oddly appropriate way to tell the story it is trying to tell, and I actually don't think it would have worked as well had it been more slick and professional.It is far from perfect, and I can see how some people would hate it, but it's one of the more memorable gaming experiences I've had in years."
,Recommended,243120,14738756,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Somatix,"Betrayer is a fundamentally basic game with a great atmosphere and simple yet intriguing story.  Over the course of 8 hours or so you'll spend a lot of time hitting X in order to listen for audio cues that will direct you to the next point of interest.  Once you know the general direction, you'll dart through the forest to find a clue or ghost that will move the story forward.  Along the way there are fights with skeletons or demon Spaniards that spice things up a little bit.On paper the game may sound pretty lame; but the atmosphere and story really hold everything together to make it a memorable experience."
,Recommended,243120,14740709,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,pixelsnprints,"Seriously amazing! The first thing I saw in options was you can choose to drop loot (just gold) on death. It made me say ""Dark Souls Option!"" so of course I am hunting with Deadlier Enimies and Loot Drop. It is a great storyline and I love how they have music, sounds, and effects yet no dialog for characters themselves - saved them a ton on disk space and left room for more content and story. There is one thing I didn't notice right away that made me go - ohhhh I see what you did here! There is no Load Feature and it is auto save on quit too so you are in this til the end. I do love their Return To Last Position feature, that is really nice!I cecommend this game to anyone who loves a simple shooter yet old school. There is no real RPG factor that I can see yet. The controls are decent and the Reload Style of shooting is pretty unique. Enemies are smart, they do not follow straight line to you so not always easy straigh aim like some others out there. I actually shot my bow at one and he actually dodged to the right of it - impressed.Just get this game, it is 100% worth your time !"
,Recommended,243120,13533424,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Oregono,"**EDITEDSummary: Explore colonial America and uncover mysteries behind strange going-ons.Type of game: Think Skyrim crossed with a murder mystery.Pros:- Great atmosphere.  Great use of sound as well. You really feel like you are in the place the game puts you in.- Good mechanics (shooting/sneaking/upgrades/etc)- Story is interestingCons:-- There is a map in the game but it in no way updates when you find things. It also doesnt let you make notes on it. This is my single biggest complaint.  There were multiple times I would uncover something I knew I would have to come back and see, but instead of the game making note of it or being able to write on the map myself, I just had to remember where it was. Which seems silly.-- Items of interest are highlighted red and twinkle. You also get some audio cues something is nearby. One issue with this is sometimes the coloration isnt strong enough to see what you need to find easily enough.Overall the game is really good. It has just a few issues that could be easy enough to make it better. But it is a good game worth your time.I would give it a 7.5 or so as it stands."
,Recommended,243120,11984200,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Baddy,Even Sexbad recommends this creative game. Also Pizza Time on youtube.
,Recommended,243120,12977510,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cabadiah,"This game is too good to write a long-winded review for someone to slog through just for me to tell that it's well-worth the price, so I'll keep it simple. The graphics are really nice, the setting is strange and interesting, and the gameplay is simple but varied and enjoyable. It's got stealth, exploration, item and equipment collecting, plenty of atmosphere, and a surprisingly innovative use of stereoscopic sound used to find quests and items.If you're looking for a first-person open-world game from an indie developer that looks great, performs great, plays great, sounds great and offers a unique setting and visual style, all you gotta do is give $20 to some dudes that know how to bring the goods, because this is a game that should give indie developers a good name.All that said, you can also play the demo just in case you're not entirely confident that it's worth the money for you, and you can support a good indie dev if you like what you get."
76561198086976396,Recommended,243120,13569176,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Cookie Bear,"Found this game a little bit strange when I picked up an ear, tongue and an eye ball from a town. Who the hell put them there!!??This game is great though and I have really enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,243120,13570093,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DarthWeezie,"With stunning visuals and atmosphere and it's unique FPS style, Betrayer gives players a great sense of uneasiness and isolation, even if it becomes highly repetitive after the first couple of hours."
76561198061625086,Recommended,243120,16498381,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chr0nos,"Betrayer is a fantasticaly made, and well polished game. It blends stealth, exploration, looting, and questing perfectly. The enemies are terrifying, but you just cant help wondering what is over the next hill.Awesome surroundings, sound is great, and combat feels good too. This is a great game and well worth the money. Do yourself a favor and buy it. I would love to see more games like this done right.I did find the ending a little frustrating. Lots of going back and forth to places you've already been in order to move forward, but apart from that I couldnt fault this game.Well done to the devs."
76561198115130371,Recommended,243120,19551303,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,jin0uga,"A strange game, this is. But I enjoyed it thoroughly.In betrayer, you first start out as a shipwrecked fellow with nothing but the clothes on his back and the most basic of all weapons. The black and white scenery chills you to your very soul, and every rustle of leaves sets your teeth on edge. As the game progresses, you uncover a series of mini-stories of the Indians and settlers who once roamed the land and gradually discover has happened to them.Story wise, Betrayer gets a 8/10.Not because it's boring or bad, but it's because you'll only connect the dots between the clues and notes spread across different areas when you're about 2/3 into game. When you play for the first 3 or 4 hours or so, I can almost gurantee that you won't make head or tails of what it is you're discovering. But overall, I found it rather interesting, but the game loses impatient people and that is just sad, since finding the notes and piecing together an individuals story can actually hit you quite hard. Some of their stories are just downright tragic.The game is really fabulous.Sound plays a huge part in this game and really adds to the overall experience, so you better have some headphones ready. Visually, I found the black and white aspect very good for creating a tense, creepy atmosphere. The effect drops somewhat when you turn on the colour, but it doesn't decrease the fun you would experience roaming around the country side.Betrayer is truly a gem. And while it didn't completely satisfy me, it will have a special place in my heart. Because of that damn bell, too.SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!"
,Recommended,243120,19713820,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,hgangitano,<3 amazing game. so much fun i sometimes forget im playing a game. i suggest this to everyone!
,Recommended,243120,19442300,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Eminem2420,"Its an open world game with a horror element mixed in. Its fun, and is different from any other game i have played. Its fun and i'd recommend it to anybody."
76561198035424626,Recommended,243120,19443378,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Morrofreak,"I read reviews of this game before I bought, first it didn't look that interesting, but after I played for half-an-hour or so, I could feel why it was so anticipated... And now I understand some of the comments about the bells... Jeez, have I been afraid the first time I rang one of them :S"
,Recommended,243120,19470174,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,An Egg With a Hat,spookring bellMORE SPOOK
,Recommended,243120,16622108,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,solid swords,"I was initially skeptical about playing a game which PANDERED solely to the colour blind, but my initial displeasure was soon overcome upon realising that Betrayer is not about some pseudo-medieval fantasy thing, but actually the worlds best world war I simulator. The aim of the game is to run around the maps and kill untermensch (including inexplicably spanish lions, spooky skeletons, gollum, and ♥♥♥♥ off irritating floaty skull things) in order to put down an iron cross on the map. you can then use the power of the kaiser to teleport to these bastions of teutonic power, which makes the game of 'touch the small circles on the map' a lot less boring. there is also an 'interesting' minquest about finding an elusive spade who has run halfway across the country for no obvious reason. this game really explained to me that it's not really surprising that the germans lost world war I, because all of their weapons are shockingly bad and it would have been so much easier if they just artillery striked all the skeletons, who can shoot lightning while you can only shoot arrows and crossbows and those type of bullet which you have to assemble before firing. the other half of the game involves being a psychotherapist to some ghosts. overall a pretty good training manual worth the two quid i spent on it, and it taught me a lot about world war I and ghost counselling, but i fear i will not be able to put this experience on my cv because of how niche these vocations are."
76561198163986777,Recommended,243120,19126454,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,wasffa,"I recommend this one even if is captivating and creepy at first but repetitive and dull after a while (1-1.5 hrs of play or 3-4 areas).I would love to start gathering resources for repairing those forts and setup defenses, but that's just my thing :)"
76561197983784591,Recommended,243120,19240048,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,DirtyStiv,good game
76561198043403023,Recommended,243120,19238372,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,firstprincipal,"Top marks. Atmospheric, simple imaginative. Stealthy FPS with a good macabre story. A few frights. Stereo sound a must. Would appeal to fans of 'Thief'. The foliage is great, the last game that I saw that did the terrain as much justice was STALKER. At this price point I'd certainly recommend it."
,Recommended,243120,19353308,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Satanic Doge,Great Steam Sale buy.
,Recommended,243120,19129369,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,gNatalie,"A FPS of sorts where you have crashed on an island that has been inhabited by settlers who have all ""disappeared"". I loved the noire look of the game (didnt even bother putting colour on to see the difference) as the black/white makes the red enemies/items pop out. The story is very interesting and I enjoyed following it right to the end... but the end did confuse me a bit. The achievements are not hard to get though a couple require grinding through maps to get kills. The game mechanics work well and the weapon types are great (prefered the longbow myself). All-in-all I enjoyed this game greatly.8/10cons: frustrating that pistol/musket/crossbow reloads to so long even with charms (caused a lot of my deaths)"
,Recommended,243120,21559649,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Deedlydee,"I was going to write a list of ""Pros and Cons,"" but then I realized that although the pros were things done well, the cons were things the game didn't even try to do, because it wasn't about those things.  So, I re-wrote the list as ""Things This Game Is and Is Not About.""  ""Bottom Line"" at the top, for TL;DR purposes.Bottom Line:This is not a triple-A title, and it isn't trying to be.  It's trying to go in a different direction and do things that triple-A titles *don't* do, and specifically avoid doing the things they already do better.  If you like the ""Things This Game Is About,"" and are not bothered by a total lack of ""Things This Game Is Not About,"" then you will like this game, because it is VERY good at what it *is* about.  However, if you find the game ""too slow,"" ""boring,"" ""lacking weapon diversity,"" or ""not challenging enough,"" then this game is a poor match for you, because it is not about scratching those types of itches.Things This Game Is About:~ Spooky atmosphere.  Not frightening, shocking, or horrifying - just slightly spooky.  Something is... *off*.~ Exploration.  There are numerous ways to pick your way through the game, but turning on all the map markers and following the optimal path will be tremendously boring.  Instead, exercise a bit of self-control and wait to turn on those markers until you've found most of the stuff but aren't sure where those last two or three things are.~ Isolation.  This is a doomed colony, and you're there to sort out the wreckage, not interact with a cast of dozens of vibrant and interesting NPCs.~ Paying attention to what you hear (and how audible you are) more than what you see.  The devs wanted to create a game where aural cues are more important than visual ones, and while there are still visual cues for the hearing-impaired, the aural cues are far more important and reliable.~ Helping ghosts make peace with their deaths, which they can't remember, by figuring it out for them.  You may well piece together a story before the ghost does, but they might need some object or other trigger to be able to move on.  Just accept that this is how ghosts work - it's about their peace, not your understanding.~ Patiently planning your attacks.  More like Tenchu (the first one), where you can get in over your head if you fail to spot something, than like Shadow of Mordor, where you're *supposed* to overcome superior odds and adapt your plans on the fly.  Actually, it's even farther in the Tenchu direction than Tenchu is.Things This Game Is Not About:~ Broad weapon choices (would be period-inappropriate).~ Slaughtering your enemies in droves (would detract from the atmosphere).~ Fast-paced gameplay (would detract from the atmosphere).~ Being super-exciting, epic, or over-the-top in any way (would detract from... look, this is a very understated game).~ Magic spells, talent trees, mega bosses, epic weapons, phat lewtz, or pretty much anything that most triple-A titles go over-the-top on to try to stand out from their competitors.~ Puzzles.  The ""investigations"" you undertake, such as they are, are not intellectually demanding.  There are no puzzles in this game, no intuitive leaps to make; if you can just find the MacGuffins the ghosts are looking for, they'll fill in part of the colony's story for you and be able to move on themselves.  This is not a framework for a puzzle, it's a justification of the fetch-quest mechanic (the ghosts are stuck, therefore they can't go on their own errands)."
,Recommended,243120,21519568,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Raul Mendaz,IM SICK OF YOUR CRYPTIC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T
76561197981785137,Recommended,243120,21449626,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Woleg,Intriguing and enjoyable.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,243120,21455513,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Franco Assassin,"Absorbing and story driven, this is the type of game you want to take your time and savor, and still no matter how much you explore youll be left with a want for more."
76561197960344143,Recommended,243120,21745882,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Sir Swagalot,"Nice atmosphere, good story. Glad I purchased that cheap"
,Recommended,243120,20799990,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Darius Fuddrucker,Tough at first but tremendously rewarding. Interesting story and fun gameplay.
76561197993247079,Recommended,243120,7448104,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,SWindleFeD,So far 10/10 would fondle after struggle snuggle.
76561198054006879,Recommended,243120,21374468,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,pa267,GG 8.5/10Good- Combat fits in with plot and setting. Like the horror aspect.Bad- Wish there was voice acting. A little more realistic world would be nice.Over all minor issues.
76561198117045023,Recommended,243120,19325260,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Macavity,funfun
,Not Recommended,243120,22171499,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kaji Kaldaka™,"""Where the ♥♥♥♥ is the bell?? It didn't spawn?? Great.""+Decent visuals, allowing you to choose color or black and white+Atmospheric+No quest markers or hand-holding for progression+/-All the dialogue is in text rather than voiced over+/- Ultimately very short, about 4-5 hours-Mediocre progression. Weapons scale poorly until the second half of the game where they become damn near god-like in a matter of minutes-The story isn't that great, and is furthered knocked down by the terrible ending-The combat is very poorly done, and stealth doesn't work as well as it should, even with the proper equipment-A few bugs, one of which can force you to restart or mess with files to reload an older save-No save slots, almost entirely auto-save driven4/10, would request a refund if it were possible."
76561198107052652,Recommended,243120,20181921,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,paulvGER,A beautiful first person exploration gameRECOMMENDED
,Recommended,243120,20135031,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Codover,It was a pretty good game until Bearman in Spainaird armour began chucking boulders at me.
,Recommended,243120,20152992,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,nuker,"Wow!!!! I mean just WOW!!!!!!. This was really really a great experience.Story is speechless, Graphics is awesome, Gameplay is totally different then modern FPS, in fact its based on the age of Musket weapon. Musket Rifle, Musket Pistol, Crossbow, Bow are your only weapon.You just cannot miss the game. This is a must buy, Sale or Not Sale, worth every single penny. 10/10"
76561197970601334,Recommended,243120,20188814,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,the_mq,"Pretty great little game. Atmospheric, odd, unnerving, wonderfully bare audio, and a pretty decent mystery. A little repetitive with a fair amount of backtracking, but it kept drawing me back in."
76561198031836806,Not Recommended,243120,12185913,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,blackheart2,"It looked intriguing, but there weren't enough facets to the gameplay to make me want to explore it more."
,Not Recommended,243120,20202989,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Antibody,Interesting shadow world concept.  Combat is fairly dull without much in the way of either strategy or twitch.  Lots of running around collecting objects.
,Not Recommended,243120,20252002,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BOT Simon,Was expecting a the game to be more that you wher part of something and had to be stealthy and kill but instead you get dropped on an island and shoot wraiths legionars or w/e they are.
,Recommended,243120,20362363,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,David,Pretty gud
76561198073475448,Recommended,243120,23832445,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TerribleHuman,"I've never played a game quite like this. Beat the game in about 16 hours on easy, but I'm definitely going to get back to it on hard mode after a break. Great value for a game like this."
76561197993549752,Recommended,243120,23882439,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,7th STALKER,"PREMISE:Betrayer could best be described; and as others have already listed, a stealth based mystery game that relies on exploration as a means of driving the story forward. It takes place during the colinzation of the new world in 1604 by charters set out by both the Engilsh and Spanish Empires.You begin the game shipwrecked on the beach, further inland you run into the only ""living"" human you will to talk to the entire game; a Maiden in Red, she has no memeory of what happend to cause the various settlements you find throughout the game to be full of the Pompeii esque remains of the Colinists and why no one living seems to remain. Unraveling the secret past of the Maiden in Red and of the former Colonies as well as its inhabitants is up to you.MECHANICS / GAMEPLAY:The game does have combat; and while nothing too eather shattering, is more than adaquate for what the game sets out to do. The game gives you variuos choices weapons that all play distinctly different from eachother and have their own pros and cons. For instance the bows (silent, faster to fire) and black powder weapons (stronger, but load and long reload). The differences in the weapons do warrant some thought before rushing into fights when wandering the map, however during other times the games brings the enemies to you making it more a questions of what is able to ill the fastest.  You also get charms that buff your chracter as well as throwables in the form explosives and tomahawks. I really didn't use the latter much.The story is progressed forward by the players ability to ring a bell and transfer from the normal white washed world to a extremely dark ""spirit world"". Within the spirit world you will meet key wraiths, as well as secondary shadows of the former colonits whose spirits that are still bound to the world for one reason or another. It is here that you will you will unravel most of the mysteries of the New World Colonies.  From the first wraiths you encounter in any given area you will usually be given a short incomplete narrative. It is then up to you to  fill in the gaps using clues you find in the living world in order to refresh the wraiths memories and finish their stories.This is where I major give major cudos to who ever wrote the various stories of the wraiths you enounter in game. What might at beginning the  sound like a story of somone consoling  a perons who just lost their father slowly begins to warp with each new clue you uncover and present to the wraiths.This continues until  the story evolves into someone being murdered and another executed. By the conlcusion of each investigation the original phrase thrown out by the wraith will have usually taken on a whole new context and meaning. Writing of this nature is not always an easy feat, and is something I'd like to see more of in the video game realm.BREIF CONCLUSION:Would I recommend this game? Not necessarily to everyone, if you enjoy mystery, interesting writing, and something different, then yes this game is probably for you and you would like it. I bought the game on sale for 2.49, I really would have been content with what I got for 10 dollars.  As some of the negative reveiws can attest it won't appeal to everyone.My major gripe is that the game does get slightly repetative, new enemies are thrown in at later areas. These enemies are fairly interesting and have interesting mechanics, but their newsheen does fade rather quickly. There were about 6 or 7 different areas, and the game started to turn more into work by then end, but the story kept me going to see it through to the end.If I were to apply a number rating for those who care, I would give this game a very solid 7 maybe a shaky 8.MY TIPS TO ANYONE WHO BUYS:*You do get the shovel eventually. Yes you will have to backtack to dig up some of the things you find earlier in the game.*Stealth is slightly less useful in the spirit world, but still applicable.*Pick up everything you can in the map before entering the spirit world in any area, in my opinion this is the best way to get everything done in the quickest way possible."
76561198063803819,Recommended,243120,24094794,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,A gᅇd ﬆe㏂ ㎁me,"This is a bit of a tough one seeing as I know some won't enjoy this style of game. Betrayer is a mystery solving, partially open world adventure game with FPS and horror elements. It takes place in the early 1600's right after the North American New World begins to be settled by European Powers.To start off, those looking for an all action FPS single-player game may be disappointed to find the action here is a lot slower then you may like because of authenticity to the era. Combat makes up roughly ~40% of the game, solving mysteries and the main story makes up another ~40% and the final ~20% goes to free-roaming adventure, finding chests, places to dig, etc...The games high points are the environment and atmosphere are which both unique in usage and awesome for keeping true to the time period. The story progression is smooth and interesting (provided you read the text) and the difficulty in combat ramps up fairly as new enemies and weapons are introduced. Though some find the game to be repetitive, each area had enough to explore and complete to keep me occupied and remain interested throughout. Overall, I recommend this game for those seeking a unique experience filled with murder and mystery.Optional: If you are an achievement hunter most of the achievements are easy enough to be done without the use of guides (as long as you pick up everything and complete the whole story) although you will certainly need a 2nd play-through to grind enough enemies for the killing achievements (I farmed the Fort Hope conquistador part for kills but there are other spots too)."
76561198002067066,Recommended,243120,24014434,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lepra (prsk smrk HUAAA),Interesting and dark.
,Recommended,243120,24041708,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Adonexus,"This game is far from horror but its decently fun game. I like the murder mystery theme. Gameplay is challanging and makes fights seem more interactive and real. Its pretty well polished but it could do with a little more writing and some more rpg elements, such as more things to do besides move foward"
76561198097844457,Recommended,243120,24029244,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Underground,This game is only to be described in one good word AMAZING this game is so much fun it has a stealth and loud aspect and it has a really cool unsuspected story line which i enjoy alot seriously just go buy the game it is so incredibly worth it.
,Not Recommended,243120,10912971,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,All American Bad Boy,"Combat is typical and lackluster, gameplay is boring, story is only mildly interesting. Don't know why I purchased this."
76561198049476739,Recommended,243120,24034232,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bitey,"I spent $2.50 on this game, but I'd say it could be worth 10 bucks. Honestly it's really unique and atmospheric, but it is very obvious that it had a smaller budget."
,Recommended,243120,24026094,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,GrizzlyxJim,"This was a great game. Very unique. There was a glitch that wouldn't let me finsih the game though, that was kind of disapointing"
,Recommended,243120,24028038,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,deviousgrin,"Decent stealth survival horror. It was frustrating and repetative at times, but still entertaining. The Forbidden Wilds had many bugs however. Chests would say ""Press F to Talk"" and the map markers were all messed up."
76561198114788467,Recommended,243120,20647201,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,I've kissed your smiles away,"This is a first person shooter game where you use weapons from the colonist days of America.It's a ok game to play, the start is kinda scary but to be honest as you go on the shock will go away. This game is nice to controll but I would suggest to do it on a normal pc because a laptop is kinda laggy with this game. The black and white filter looks good but it is even pritty in colors. I would recommend keeping a bow with you since guns and muskets reload so slowly. The bombs are hard to use and the tomahowk is almost meele. Have fun playing this, btw you can continue to explore after completing it. If you buy it then enjoy it to its fullest. It does NOT have any replay value to be honest. It has 21 achievements, badges and trading cards.Have fun, enjoy and don't leave the beach :)"
76561198031240879,Recommended,243120,22878773,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,redarachnid,"Great experience, especially for an Indie game at $5. It isn't perfect, but I would say it is better than some AAA titles I've played. Only real problem I had was enemies seeing me through hills/trees sometimes. Nice graphics, nice soundscape. Overall thumbs up!"
76561198045080783,Recommended,243120,22927323,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,L0stLP,"A descent game about helping ghosts find peace.It is presented in a black and white forest landscape with the color red used for enemies or points of interest.(You can change it to color if you want.)The weapons are divided in bows(x2), crossbows and flint lock(x2), the bows are fast, the rest have to be reloaded after every shot, there is also a melee attack as a last resort, but you will need charms to improve it.The first map (not the tutorial one), is the only one that has to be done in stealth, because you only have the worst weapons in the game and until you get the charm for melee damage you have less options. The second map starts spawning enemies that know where you are making stealth very difficult, but you should have better weapons and be far more active and aggressive, the hardest sections are the totem cleansing ones, because you run out of combat space fast, if you don't start prepared.The game is divided in two worlds the overworld with conquistadors and burned indians, and the world of the dead with skeletons and banshees. Sometimes spiders and spore traps in later levels. All enemies are competent and will provide a challenge, depending on who sees the other first.The story is based on early colonial times, you go around and find clues, then you ask the ghosts about the items and puzzle together what happened, in the end freeing their souls."
76561198002167986,Recommended,243120,22771343,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,SasqRutts,"TL:DR Gameplay: simple, Graphics: quirky Story: It's goooood. Buy the gameIt comes across as a standard First person shooter in a lot of respects, namely melee feels weak sauce and you're only real weapons are ranged. At time of writing I haven't actually finished the game but I still recommend it but that's more for the story and the different take on things.The game is initially set in black and white (and red) but you can put colour in the game if you want. Personally I'm playing in the black and white (And red) because the effect is just so damned cool. I say black and white (and red) for the simple fact of thats what it is. Everything apart from items of interest, namely enemies, are in black and white. The enemies have a flash of red on them which helps them stick out.So far I've been in three seperate large areas which require exploring in two different states fighting spirits, skeletons and conquistadors. Each area has a story to unfold and various items to find to solve them with. The stories themselves unfold nicely and in the first at least sent a little shiver up my spine.The combat is stealth based if you can but you can hold your own in, for lack of a better word, firefight. The searching for goodies is a nice take on a compass where you use your ""ears"" and triangulate yourself towards the place/item/individual.Not wishing to give too much away despite this game being a few months old now I'll leave you to discover that one.All in all I'd recommend this game on the basis of that the company is trying something new and what they've created is both beautiful in design and implementation."
76561198044855663,Recommended,243120,22837556,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Leozoro,"This was such a refreshing title when I picked it up and started playing it.  Creepy autmosphere with black and white landscape.  It's almost straight out of a horror movie with shooter elements implemented into it.  Although the story of the whole game is a little confusing and the character you play just seems thrown into the middle of it all it's still nice to make progress through it and see what might happen next.  If you plan on 100% completing this game you'll be doing A LOT of saving and loading in order to get all the kills you need, but if you enjoyed the shooting as much as I did you almost feel like there isn't enough enemies in the whole game entirely."
,Recommended,243120,22852579,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineBetrayer is a game developed by Blackpowder Games and uses the Unreal Engine 3. You play a character who has washed up on the shores on a mysterious land, you meet a woman in a red hood, and over the course of the game you need to find out what happened and where the heck everyone is, the game, as far as I heard is inspired by a true storyThe game is a first person shooter type game with rogue-lite elements in it. If you die, you lose all your stuff and you have to go and find the stuff you lost, however you can turn off this mechanic in the settings menu. You have basic old weapons, such as a bow and arrows, a common pistol and a musket. All with their real reloading and such, and this gives the game a unique feel to it, but can be frustrating at times when hordes of enemies come after youThe game does introduce stealth into it however the stealth mechanics aren't the greatest and easily avoidable. The enemies in the game are terrifying, from the red eyed Spaniards roaming the land to the undead, all with their terrifying sound effects. The game as whole is scary and unsettling at times, but I wouldn't call this a flat out horror gameThe game also introduces a mechanic where you can travel between the living world to the other world, an even more unsettling part of the game. In this section of the game you have to find graves, clues and souls whereas in the living world, you have to find locations, letters and evidence. Over the course of the game, you will meet the only living person besides you, which is the red hooded womanThe game as a whole is beautiful, although nothing eye popping, the game does manage to deliver in the environments and atmosphere, the game is mainly in black and white with red colouring pin pointing the Spainiards and the red hooded woman as well as clues and evidence. In the other world, the world is much darker. Thankfully, you do not have to play the whole 5 hours all in black and white and you can change the colour saturation to make the game more colourful, however, this cannot be changed in the other worldNow, to my main complaint. The overall length and repition. I have to say the story wise, the game is fantastic and really had me hooked in its 5 hour or so campaign, however, the constant running in the woods, shooting some enemies, finding letters and clues and graves and travelling to the other world and seeing some dialogue whilst shooting another set of enemies in a whole of 5 hours is boring and unnecessary. Honestly, the beginning of the game was really interesting, as well as the ending and nearing the final bit of the game, but the middle part of the game was so boring that I did not even want to finish the gameBetrayer tries to hook you in with its atmosphere and environments but fails on diversity in other stuff. The story was very interesting, but killed by constant chores in every single map that the game offeredBetrayer is one of those types of games that only a few people would enjoy, if you look games with a good story, fantastic atmosphere and environments, whilst running on your own with no help from the game but doesn't mind the long repition the give it a try, if one of the above doesn't strike your fancy, then I'd said, leave this game asideRECOMMENDED :)"
76561198120016939,Recommended,243120,16096615,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Blackslash,Great atmosphere of the Lost Colony. As a horror lover and history student this game really caught me.
76561198012067179,Recommended,243120,22803475,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,jorgonq,"I wanted to love this game. In the end, I merely liked it.The biggest frustration for me was the contrast. This game is mostly black and white with some details in red. The effect is visually pleasing. It *does* make fighting some enemies very difficult though. Until the very end of the game I was struggling against groups of the natives, as they have very little red on them. I believe the developers foresaw this and give you an audible clue when an enemy spots you and begins aggresive action towards you. Still, the natives. The story line is interesting and somewhat original. The maps do get a tad repetitive though. Like I said, I wanted to love this game. Instead, I merely like it. Pro Tip: Life gets easier after you find the shovel, because you can dig up some pretty sweet weapons."
,Recommended,243120,22891456,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,JunioR,This game is fun. I love the environment and lighting. I am actually starting a Gameplay series on YouTube. You can find it on my channel on the link when it is up.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrRPjXFI-PdD6gM0xT0BxDg
76561198160502548,Recommended,243120,26526576,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mr.ChickenNazi,Its just freaking beautiful :P
,Recommended,243120,26468020,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GROF.CybeRNerO,"A really unique game, although with low replayability value (I managed to beat it in 8 hours, for the current price it's more than worth it).If you are in dillema to buy it or not, just hit the Add to Cart button right away (and make sure to go through the purchase :P )!10/10 would really ring that bell again!"
76561198064097604,Recommended,243120,26470736,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NimbleAssassin,"honestly one of the best game experiences i've had in my life. the combat and graphics are awesome. the choice in saturation is what really got my attention; i'm a sucker for visuals. great communication with developers as well, when i reported a bug they fixed it almost immediately. the story of this game is great from start to finish as well. if you haven't played this game already, please do, you won't regret it."
76561197995092827,Recommended,243120,26527917,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,o.O_Überman_O.o,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game.  Unique idea, beautiful graphics, well executed.  I wish Blackpowder had a followup (or even other games)."
76561198293058767,Recommended,243120,26492505,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Krugthonk,This game is amazing! worth every penny!
,Recommended,243120,26404540,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Killercod,"Good little game at the right price ($5), and even better if you catch it on sale like I did (99 cents!).  This is a nice horror survival mystery game.  The graphics are unique, the soundtrack is eerie and compelling, the story is pretty good if you take the time to emerse yourself into it.  Overall a thumbs up!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90HmTfAlORY"
76561198083576124,Recommended,243120,26343950,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,GigaFallus9000,+budget game+good visuals+good audio+nice use of audio mechanics+story interesting if you can be bothered to read+spoopy af-feels stretched-feels repetitive-bow (main weapon) requires getting used to
76561197990931812,Recommended,243120,26219861,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Verkantill,3/5
,Recommended,243120,26592903,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Wanderer,"Incredible game, espesially considering the price point.  A long, dark and twisted story that kept me engrossed until the end.  This game does not hold your hand; there is a lot of learning involved (or looking online if you are stuck).  The only gripes I have are with the menu and map systems while using a controller (which are next to impossible).  Also, the weapons become a little OP towards the end.  Still though, an amazing experience from beginning to end."
,Recommended,243120,27008827,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShaggyJustin,"Pretty great game.  I am about 2 hours in and haven't found anything I Don't like about it.  Its pretty cheap, was less than a dollar when I got it, so its a steal."
76561198041920230,Recommended,243120,26956021,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saltpork,If you are thinking about getting this game it is on sale for $ 1.49 USD. Get it! It is well worth it.Great atmosphere.Good story line.Old timey FPS.
,Not Recommended,243120,26763230,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Justice,"StoryYou strand with a ship on some Island during the times of colonisation, but something is wrong with the Spanish soldiers stationed there and all the inhabitants are dead. The only friendly person is the maid in red, who cannot remember her past and in some mysterious dark side of the world, skeletons and ghosts are haunting the Island. Can you escape the Island? The story is mostly told by Ghosts and Notes, though nobody in the game is voiced, meaning that you will have to read a lot. Though the story seems very deep and is, I did not really follow it, because of the reading close until the end and do not feel like I missed anything between start to finish.GameplayIn first person you run around and try to progress while fighting the mysterious creatures. You have a weapon arsenal of bows, crossbows, pistols, rifles and Tomahawks, which all have their advantages and disadvantages; though the tomahawk is in my opinion not balanced and the best (one shots nearly everything). Whenever you find a bell in the area you can use it to enter the dark world where there are different enemies, but also ghosts of the dead that might be able to give you important information. Sadly, you can simply use your listening ability to hear where the next objective is. This makes thinking unnecessary and you might just run from a to b like a dummy just to do the same thing in the next stage of the game again.GraphicsThe graphics make this game so unique. The world around you is only black, white, black and red which give the game such a sad or depressed filter. At first I thought it was great, but after several hours you do not want to be in that world doing the same stuff over and over.It really is a good game and I sometimes did enjoy playing it, but the repetitive gameplay and the sad world can bring you down. I personally did not enjoy it most of the time, but I can understand the people that do. At some point I only continued so that the game would be over sooner, so If someone says he wants the game and thinks it is cool, buy it, 5€ is no big deal, especially during sales, but I thought so as well at first, so do not have to high expectations, because I at the end cannot recommend it for the fun I had playing it."
76561198020180813,Recommended,243120,26824666,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krauser,Even at full price this game was worth every penny.
,Recommended,243120,26821211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KillerEXE,"Great atmosphere, story and visuals. Average gameplay and enemy AI. Repetitive quests and no replay value.It's worth the money for the ~8hrs of gameplay you can get."
76561198019481956,Recommended,243120,26728901,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Dr De Rouge,Loved this game so far absolutely beautiful graphics which are fully adjustable which i just adore me and my mate have done a couple of videos on it on our youtube channel if you are still unsold about this game why not take a look we hope it will sell you on this truly amazing game :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBFaPspJde0
76561198028349607,Recommended,243120,26925122,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Siruk,If you like a spooky game you will love the atmosphere of this game.  One of the best horror games I have ever played.
,Recommended,243120,25631716,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,HushMonk,"Complete ImmersionThe closest you can get to being in the Colonial New World. Evokes a very strong sense of its time-period and outpost strewn landscape.Spooky butnot terrifying.Enemies include: animalistic conquistadors, blazing angry natives, and the skeletons of the deceased colonists.Stealthy hit-and-run combat with historical weapons.A well written mystery about a lost colony.Outrageously low pricefor what you get.Personal recommendation: play with low colour saturation, but not completely black and white."
,Recommended,243120,27493612,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wodahsekans,"First I tried out the demo. Then bought the game. Wasn't a waste of time or money.Love the weaponry, the colours, the story, the gameplay."
76561198001634749,Recommended,243120,23547097,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,_StanleyTweedle_,"I'm still pleasantly suprised at how much I enjoyed this under rated game ! I admit, I was apprehensive at first, but it's earned a definite top spot in my favorites list this year.In my opinion, it's the games simplicity that makes it so elegant and fun to play. Right from the unique graphics to it's well all around balanced story, combat and puzzle elements. And thanks to the developers insight, it's plenty challenging for even the most seasoned gamer ( enemies can actually se and hear you if your not cautious ). It just looks and plays wonderfully. I haven't a single complain and highly reccomend Betrayer as an outstanding diversion from the norm."
,Recommended,243120,23632161,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,DeRais,"Stunning game.  The visuals are incredible.  It makes me feel like I'm playing Skyrim, except I'm terrified to go around the next bend (Okay, not terrified, but a decent amount of concern).  There are a load of aspects that can be polished up, it's not a perfect game, but well worth the $5 I spent."
,Recommended,243120,21170841,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Howitzer,"This game is EXCACTLY my style, the contrast is amazing especially with the occasionall splash of red. It is one of the games that do black powder guns right, although one or two steps are left out. The whole thing is eerie an I love it, the enemies are pretty cool and the story is intriguing. Betrayer takes place in 17th century Virgina and the player begins on a beach, the only survivor from a shipwreck. Throughout your journey you are pursued by what seems like phantom conquistidors with shadowy faces with red glowing eyes. You'll like it if you're a fan of historical sorts of things or just games that are eerie/creepy.PROS:Good and unique art styleRealistic black powder loadingNIce creepy touchColor setting if you don't like the black/white feelAddition of mystery (like clues and information about people)CONS:Limited visibility in  the ""Bell Dimension""A bit too much roaming.Relies too much on cluesTo me, the pros far outweigh the cons."
76561198006990645,Not Recommended,243120,21289431,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,hawkeye,"Betrayer might be described as a colonial gothic first person shooter.  The player roams the forests defending self against enemies whilst looking for clues to solve a mystery.  The game mechanics and plot are simplistic but it can take a while to figure out what the game is about.It was necessary to search the discussion forum at several points to find out how to proceed.  The design doesn't make the player's objectives clear enough.  This results in too much running backwards and forwards looking for people, items and clues, which gets boring after a while.  A bit like being on an orienteering course.  Towards the end I was more or less following a walkthrough just to complete the game.Overall, playable but gets repetitious.  My interest in the colonial period was probably the major reason why I kept playing."
76561198029809808,Recommended,243120,20353266,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,wugliwugliwu,"This game is definitely to be recommended, and like all there's pros and cons and it is subject to personal taste. I've only played few hours but I love it. Wish there would be more.PROS:Excellent gaming experienceAwsome graphicsIncredible ambience, really eerie and creepy (damn i get the chills everytime i ring the bell)Great soundsOpen gameplayCONS:Map loading when fast travellingGreater variety of weapons and enemiesI do wish Blackpowder will offer some more interesting titles."
,Recommended,243120,20406598,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Fredneck,"Where to begin....this game starting out may have the one up on a few jumpscares for you but you get used to it after a while. The artwork is nice to look at whether you want to keep the monochrome look or want some more color added to your life. The story is rather well done too but with an expected ending. Unfortunately, it's not the most difficult game even with the enemy settings set to max difficulty. However, it's worth a few hours of your time to check it out.8/10 would betray again."
,Recommended,243120,20413866,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Endon55,"This game was something else, Ive never played anything quite like it. What really grabbed me was how mysterious everything was, you kinda have to figure everything out on your own, no hand holding. Its entirely text based conversation, which didnt detract from the game in any way. It took me 7 hours to beat but could probably been beaten much quicker had I figured out the gameplay a bit sooner but was overall an pretty good game."
,Recommended,243120,20681996,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,barbazu,Stealth and story and quiet intelligent enemies. THank you
,Not Recommended,243120,20570914,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Seemingly.,"Amazing game, but doesn't feel polished up to it's potential.It's been a long time since I've played Betrayer, and for my first few hours of the game, it was pretty entertaining. One moment I'd be shooting down one guy only then to be fighting three more monsters that caught on to what happened. Another moment I'd be in the Underworld, dodging energy blasts, staving off angry banshees, and doing something similar to a ""run and gun"" shootoff. Graphics are pretty, and if you're like me and you turned the color way up, the world looks very beautiful and lush. On top of that, the monsters (despite them losing their scare after a while) are fairly good at making you panic, be it a giant armored bear(?) chucking rocks at you or a banshee making cheap blows from behind.I guess the only thing this game is missing is the desire to come back. Despite some of the fights being pretty entertaining, the combat feels kind of dull. Stealth is also annoying and arbitrary, as most of the time you kill one monster and then everybody else knows exactly where you are.Another issue is that the story (and how you figure things out) isn't nearly as satisfying as how other games dish out story. There's nothing wrong with the ""whodunnit"" detective style of figuring what happened to people in the abandoned camps, but when you discover that ""this person killed herself over the reckless accidental suicide of her child,"" you don't get the emotional ""pow"" you normally get from some other game. This would probably be because of the heavy text-based dialogue or the complete absence of cutscenes, but I don't want to bash the devs for lack of resources.All in all, this game is enjoyable in some sense, but it can be really hard to keep playing it, especially if there's other games to play. You might want to pick up this game if it's on sale; despite its lack of keeping you fully engaged, the trading cards are cheap and the backgrounds and emoticons are really cool."
,Recommended,243120,22654610,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Morticia,"Love this ambience ! Not really an horror game but a mysterious and puzzle one. I advice the black and white mod all the time, more intense !"
76561198131265132,Recommended,243120,22695044,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Merlin,"First things first, the trailers don't do this game justice!It IS available in color, but you have to go into options and turn the color saturation up to 1.  While I understand the devs were going for a particular effect with the grey scale graphics, leaving it that way for all aspects of the game is likely turning people away.So, turn the color ON, and then the black/white/greyscale moments have that much greater effect.Good story, interesting side 'quests' and achievements.Good jump scares -  a few will make you come out of your skin, guaranteed.Worth $10 as it stands, worth $5 normal price all day long, and if it's on sale, what are you waiting for?You will die a LOT.  You will run a LOT.  One of the best horror games I've played in quite some time."
,Recommended,243120,22656310,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,CasuallyGoingInsane,"Betrayer is an excellent game, with an excellent art style, a fascinating plot, good, polished gameplay, and an ending that ultimately fell completley flat. However, the experience was well worth it, and I can't reccomend this game enough. It's fun, interesting, and an all around positive experience."
76561198050498478,Recommended,243120,22658389,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Carolus Rex,"Its a great game, the graphics arent terrible, theres a good story, the gameplay is well done. I would highly reccomend this to almost everyone. It could have had a bit more done to it, like voiced dialogue, but even without that, this was a great game for $1.50 (I got it during a sale, so even better!)Sound effects are quite creepy."
,Recommended,243120,22640049,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,The True Floofy ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,"Story: 9/10The story is fantastic. Sometimes a little hard to follow and it seems to repeat itself a little at times, but I still found the story so gripping that I didn't want to stop playing until I finished the first area. **EDIT: 3.2 hours was the time it took to clear the first and second area, I was going a little quick though.**Graphics: 8.5/10The graphics are very good for such a low price game, but still have occasional issues. Certain things encountered appear blocky and rectangular, when they in fact should flow smoothly. I'm running on the highest graphic setting with a Radeon R9 290 GPU.Physics/Mechanics/Engine: 8/10... Actually, 9/10The combat is my only complaint. One could be aimed right at the head of an enemy at relatively close range, and the projectile will act like you're aiming well above your target, or to the right/left. A point-blank headshot turns into a projectile sailing 3 feet above their head. Another downside, if one of your projectiles gets stuck higher up in a tree; don't bother jumping to try and grab it. You just end up looking like a cat chasing a laser pointer. That said, a cool feature is certain projectiles can ricochet off armor, and still be retrievable (if one can find them.) My favorite feature though, is the use of directional sounds/hearing. Very well implemented, instills a good sense of distance/direction unlike some other games.Pricing: 11/10I bought the game on sale, curious at it's low price tag lowered even further by the sale. Looking deeper and reading other reviews, I decided to give the game a try. I'm glad I did, I feel as though by getting this on sale I practically stole it at $1.50 (or what ever the price of the sale was). I'd definitely have been happy if I still paid full price.Atmosphere: 10/10Many ""horror"" games claim they're soooo scary. All those games have is jumpscares with no build up. This game is different! It holds a very creepy atmosphere, and nowhere feels safe. When I play, I'm constantly looking behind and listening to the various noises hostiles will make. To me, this is a true horror game, not just another jump-scare fest. Eyes also hold a strong sense of fear for me, so when one of the types of hostiles got so close to me I could see them, I got goosebumps. A game hasn't given me goosebumps like that in a long long time.TL/DR: Buy the game. If you like a horror game that can hold it's atmosphere and has a good story, you will be pleased."
76561197963674701,Recommended,243120,22620811,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,BeigeAlert,"3 hours of trying to figure out if I'm the titular BetrayerThe Basics: 16th century First person mystery/explorationPrevious Time Spent: noneExpectation of learning Curve: lowWhy I bought this: I've read a decent number of reviews, and been told specifically to get into it by a close friend. Additionally, this seemed inspired by the lost Roanoke Colony, which seemed novelFirst Impressions: Betrayer has a striking look achieved by the use of monochrome and red. It also is a great game to play with the headphones on, and just get blown away by the sensory experience. You definitely feel transported to a different place. Wind blows around, moving the trees, and terrifying apparitions attack. There's a sense of danger and a great mystery hook.My 3 Hours with the Game:You begin shipwrecked on the shores of the new world, wandering to a colony that has clearly failed. As mentioned previously, the use of color is great, and there's a very real sense of being in another time and place. There's great use of sound, such as rushing wind, and the combat is tense, frightening, and novel. Betrayer didn't need to be a first person shooter in order to accomplish the atmospheric storytelling,  but the combat wasn't unwelcome either.I hit some initial technical frustrations with the game, involving odd controls, but after a bit of internet digging, I was able to solve this. I appreciated the fact that in spite of being a game that leads you from waypoint to waypoint, I was able to actually get stuck in the plot early on, requiring some more sleuthing, and use of the listening power (which I had previously ignored). I spent most of my time seeking out clues, following them, talking to ghosts and uncovering tantalizing clues to the doom that fell over this colony, which seemed to have multiple factors, from the geopolitical to the fantastical.My highlight:The first time I rang the bell in the first fort, and found myself in the night world, able to speak to ghosts and presented with more fantastical enemies. The sounds were effective and quite frightening, and the realization that I could go through and deal with the corruption that had begun blighting the land was heartening. (Plus, who doesn't want to fight skeletons under black skies with a slowly reloading musket?)My verdict: I'd strongly recommend giving this a shot(but maybe on a steam sale). The atmosphere is great, and the sense of danger inherent in fighting well armed monsters with a bow, musket or other 17th century weapon feels very real. There's a great frantic sense to reloading a musket while being charged by a squad of Spanish Soldiers (who seem like revenants or ghouls). Additionally, the story is fairly interesting, however I did get a bit of a sense of repetition after hitting hour 3, as much of the gameplay involves searching for waypoints on the map, clearing them, learning clues and talking to ghosts before preceding.-Jon"
76561198118095650,Recommended,243120,22619233,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Sir,"Great game. The story can be cryptic at points especially when starting out. The horror of the game not only comes from abandoned settlemetns, but also comes from not knowing who and what your enemy is."
76561198066881691,Recommended,243120,22737177,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Detective Gumshoe,"If I had to sum this game up, it would be that the devs tried making a game that people would want to play, rather then making a game people would want to keep playing.This game has a unique look with a monochrome art style that uses red to show points of interest, and if that's not your thing you can switch to full colour or anything inbetween. The game also does very little hand holding as it gives you a few tips of how the game works at the beggining but after that the game expects you to explore and work out everything else by yourself which isnt exactly a bad thing as I enjoyed the game more for it simply letting me work out things on my own.The combat however is just awful, I liked the idea of using a bow to silently take out enemies and how you can use the wind to mask the noise you make but I found this was just a waste of time as enemies can spot you quite easily if your not crouching and the render distance for the red colouring that makes the enemies stand out is rather low. Enemies can only be silently killed so long as you hit them in the head with a bow or melee them, but if the arrow doesnt kill them every enemy for a few hundred miles round will know exacly where you are.The gameplay itself isnt all that bad as you explore the area looking for clues and chests but after the first hour or so you will quickly grow bored of it as you will find that you've experienced everything this game has to offer after about 20 minutes. Run to the marker on your map, collect treasue, kill enemies nearby rinse and repeat. The story is also lackluster with an ending that just left me wondering why the devs even bothered adding it in.Even after all these faults though I found myself enjoying the experience the whole way through even when I knew I was just repeating the same mundane steps the whole way through. If you give the game a chance I'm sure you will enjoy it even though it has many glaring issues."
,Not Recommended,243120,22137252,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Colonel Gentleman,"Not gonna lie, not recommending this game proved to be a hard decision.  I really wanted to like it, and even fooled myself to for a time, a somewhat refreshing look at a stealth-horror-investigation-shooter?  Here are the reasons that made this game was hard to downvote.-Amazing environment-Unique Story-Solid Gameplay-Very Fair PriceNow with a list like that, how could I damn such a game?  Well the combat did prove enjoyable though the enemy variety proved to be fairly bland, not the types or number, just how they had the same behavior and mode of attack.  That along with the give and take story that really demanded finishing.  Once you spend an hour or two in the game, you realize it is rather shallow and becomes a grinding Easter egg hunt, wrought with cheap scares to keep you on your toes until you are upgraded enough that you no longer care to be tactical or stealthy.  Then it’s fast traveling back and forth, as well as revisiting areas you’ve scoured already.  The dialogue proved dreadful as well as many systems that appear mostly hollow, like gifting your red friend things you’ve dug up like an obedient puppy and not much to show for regardless of if she accepts it or not.  The game isn’t spotless either as I have also found myself on more than one occasion being lodged into rocks and walls maneuvering with a borderline useless jump key.  Speaking of environments, I hope you like forests, because that is all you are going to get in this game.  So if you are into a cheap romp through the woods with a passible story where you collect junk kill skeletons and talk to ghosts for 5 hours, feel free go on ahead.  I just can’t, although I can safely say I gave the game the benefit of finishing it at least."
76561197960960793,Recommended,243120,22342040,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Rabidboxer,To the point reviews:Wish I had reviewed this long time ago. Game worthy of a purchase. If you dont mind the slow pace you will like this game.
76561198139058535,Recommended,243120,16107070,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Metalhead 1911,Amazing game. in the first 3 minutes of playing it I was sucked in and wanted to find out more about the story. after ringing the bell I knew stuff was getting real. I rarely get scared by games like this but that deer ghost at the end made me♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. The story is fantastic and the combat situations force you to react quickly and use strategy. I give this game a solid 9/10
76561198061042997,Recommended,243120,16434185,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The Bad Thing,Help.......
,Recommended,243120,16427045,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NIИ,"One of the best games i have played in a while. Story, atmosphere, game play all top.Not a very long game but worth your time.8.5/10"
76561197977863506,Recommended,243120,16406859,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BananaGun,"This is one of the most creative uses of third person atmosphere I've ever seen. The enemies are simple and the plot is linear, but there were plenty of moments that gave me goosebumps or made me jump. There is a dream-like quality to this game and I hope that there is a sequel.Try to imagine yourself as a colonist who sees shadows jumping out of every corner. What was that noise? Why is it so dark? Is that a ghost? Where are the other colonists? Are there indians hiding nearby? For someone who enjoys tales of colonial America, this one is a winner."
76561198207832088,Recommended,243120,17589515,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,mjgregory91,Cool game. Somewhat slow moving but I thought that made it suspenseful. Good story. Also fighting is done with 17th Century weapons which is interesting.
76561197970837903,Recommended,243120,29218975,Posted: 12 January,all,kerry,I'm with the majority here this game is pretty darn good. The stories are interesting and the mechanics pretty good. It builds up well and rewards you with what you need to proceed. There's a good deal of gameplay and well worth the money.
,Recommended,243120,28595527,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Atlantean,"An atmospheric, hair-raising experience in a world which delivers unrestrictive freedom and a great storyline. Switching between veils after the ""bell"" rings can change events instantly, and both are necessary to proceed in the story. These veils also alter occurances with enemy types, ranging from ghouls to undead hordes.Overall, this game is a must by and is worth trying out.My Verdict - 9/10."
76561198006833907,Recommended,243120,28407560,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Vrelk,The game started putting me on edge a few hours into it. It took me some time to get drawn into the story and for the sound effects and aesthetic to get to me. At that point I was reeled in and had to finish the game.
76561197999655301,Recommended,243120,28997712,Posted: 3 January,all,Laboon,"I was going to buy this, play it for 2 hours, and return it. Even if I paid the full 5$ for this, it still woulda been worth it. It's not really scary, but it does have a great atmosphere."
,Recommended,243120,29017368,Posted: 4 January,all,SlyRabbit,"I personally did not like this game for the sake of its vagueness and no clear direction in the story. I like when videogames take me on a journey, rather than plopping me into the middle of a storyline and expect me to figure it out with seemingly no indication of setting on why i am a role in this story, its very alienating. Its a very nice concept and the atmoshere is great. I would recommend this to someone who is looking for a vague storyline with creepy overtones and enemies that hunt you down with no hesitation. It just wasn't my cup of tea."
76561198100144425,Recommended,243120,28765877,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bob son of BOB!!!,really fun game pretty good stealth mechanics for a first person perspective story is pretty good but the game can be kinda hard to figure out in the beginning.
,Recommended,243120,18052740,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Squidiculous,"Not very far yet but so far I'm really enjoying it. Unlike most horror games it doesn't seem to rely on jump scares, but rather leaves you with interesting investigations to follow while keeping your spine consistently chilled.Combat is neither intuitive nor very fun but it serves it's purpose in a satisfactory manner.Overal a very decent game, definitely worth it's minimal price point."
76561198086527925,Recommended,243120,31917630,Posted: 23 May,all,Fatalist,"Great game. I never felt this much goose bumps while playing a game in years. Of course it's not perfect and can be improvable in many ways but the playability is very high that you get used to it very quickly. Gameplay is very enjoyable and it keeps you busy all the time. I didn't even use fast travel until the very end of the game or for the farming the achievements. I can write so much more  here but for the short version: You can buy it if you like action-adventure games with horror elements. ""This game gives you a different experince.(Btw, this game meant to be played black and white, not in colour mod. Just adjust the light intensity and brightness in the beginning of the game for your own taste in visual)"
76561198041552449,Not Recommended,243120,20343656,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Vareness,"I want to recommend this game. I really, really do want to say I liked this game a lot and that I would recommend it to anyone. But the tedious and repetitive gameplay, the unclear ""path"" I am supposed to be following(mostly a criticism for the end of the game), the multitude of--what seem to be--red herrings, and many other problems, keep me from being able to positively review this game.It's classified as an ""action-adventure"" game, but I think of it as more of a ""horror-atmosphere mystery-walking simulator game with a little bit of (pointless) fighting-action."" I was initially interested in the game because it seemed like it placed a lot of emphasis on its creepiness--the horror atmosphere. I am not enthralled with it as a ""horror"" game. It wasn't scary. It kind of pulls off the ""creepy""-thing with the black&white color choice, the demonic-eyed conquistadors, the shadowy natives, the periodic blood splatters. But the creepy atmosphere is pretty much lost after the first zone. It's reptitive by the second zone. Nothing changes. It's just a copy-paste of each level, each ""monster"" or shadow. Horror games don't thrive on monotony. Even if this game is only ""atmospherically"" horror, it's completely lost in the repetition of the zones.If it fails at horror, does it at least stand up as a mystery or action game? Ehhh...Not really. The only ""action"" in the game is killing the demonic conquistadors and natives. And spiders, in later zones. (Woowheee?) At first it was interesting, like I was actually trying to survive because there were creepy murderers (or whatever) on the loose, and maybe these conquistadors are related to that! And whoa, they make this creepy sound when they recognize me! And then I've killed my 20th conquistador and the novelty has officially worn off. Same for the natives and spiders.This is a short section on weapon options, my issues with them, and how the stealth mechanic works with the weapons. I'm putting it behind a spoiler tag in case anyone feels knowing about the weapons would be spoilery...There are 3 types of bows (crossbow, long, and short bow), 2 guns (musket, pistol), throwable hatches, and explosives (grenades). I never used anything but the bows because the guns have impractical reload times (even the best guns in the game) and mediocre damage compared to the speed of the bows. The bows are also the only ""stealth"" option in the game. It's not super easy to stealth, but I was able to pull it off a fair amount of the time. (BetrayerStealth crash course: Crouch a long ways away from the enemy. Shoot them with your bow. If you're lucky, you 1-shot them. If not, be prepared to fight 5 consquistadors all charging at you at once).It doesn't matter which weapon(s) you choose to use. It doesn't matter if you choose to kill everything you see, or avoid everything you can. The ""action"" part of this game does not matter at all. There are a few scripted fights, which are fine, but anything outside of the script is pointless. No amount of dead conquistadors has anything to do with anything. I'm not even sure the game clearly explains where the demonic conquistadors/natives come from (and, although I do have a foggy idea, I will spare going into it for the sake of keeping spoilers out of this review as much as I can since it is supposed to be,I guess, a ""Mystery"" game).I also believe it falls flat as a mystery game, though. So many of the stories in the game ultimately did not, I felt, tie-in to the ""main"" storyline surrounding the Maiden in Red. Actually, I found some of the side stories more interesting than the Maiden's (and, yes, I did play through the entire game, and I still find some of the other side stories more interesting). I wish that all the stories tied together. It seems like some of them tied together loosely, but I wanted more direct connections to the Maiden.The stories themselves are another complaint I had: there was SO MUCH DAMNED READING. I don't mind reading a sentence here-or-there on page scraps, but when you start getting a dozen or more page scraps per zone, plus clues, plus talking to people, you have completely lost my interest in reading every word on every clue and every scrap by the end of the 3rd zone. I skimmed everything in the end of the game, unless the story was directly related to the Maiden. I do understand this is a story-telling game (much more so than an ""action"" game), but holy cow it was not interesting enough, or connected enough, for me to give a damn about reading every side quest NPC's sob story about how this-or-that brother or mom or dog or whatever got murdered.I get it. You all murdered someone, or were murdered by someone. Is every zone like this? Oh my God, yes, every zone is like this. Does ANY of this have to do with the main story? Nope. No, it does not.Well,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lost my interest.I also think it's a huge problem when there were a couple points at the end of the game where I was totally lost. I didn't feel the game gave me enough pointers about what I was supposed to be doing. I had to do a few web searches to figure out what I was supposed to be doing to progress the story. It is NOT a good thing when a story-driven game isn't able to help prod you along to continue the story. If the developers intentionally left it difficult, saying I am supposed to explore and find these things on my own, that feels very strongly like a lame excuse for poor writing and decision-making about expectations of the players.Here are the things I DID like about it:» The Black & White color scheme. Although I see this as a common complaint, I really enjoyed it! I am happy they gave me the option to play in color, but I chose to stick to black&white through the whole thing. It's clear the developers intended for the color scheme (or lack thereof) to be a part of the game's ambiance. I felt it worked very well for creating a creepier environment.» I did actually like that combat was a little more difficult in this game. If you want me to feel I have to ""survive"" then making combat brutal is a way to do it. It's sort of a flimsy thing to like, especially with all of my critiques about it, but I suppose I liked the difficulty of it, if nothing else.» I liked the story-telling concept. I liked the stories, for the most part, when it wasn't starting to bore me to death to read everything and piece it all together (seriously, it requires some willpower to retain and remember all the information you get, especially because it's piecemeal and sporadic). The ending of the main storywas interesting, though not surprising. I was disappointed that I was able to guess the end of the game less than halfway through (not all the exact details, but the gist of it).I think they had some really neat concepts, though the rest of the game ""wrapped around"" the story was not as well-executed.» The totems. I don't know why, but the totems and their screaming was awesome every time I heard it.» The Thief. I think the idea is interesting, and it was fun to hunt him down. I thought it was silly there was a Thief for every single zone. Maybe make him unique? Or actually worth something unique, and not just gold? I felt like there was a lost opportunity for this ""character."" Why not make him related to a side quest, or more directly to the Maiden? Why not have him relate to *anything at all*?» Mild spoiler:Hearing the bell ring for the first time. It scared me half to death. It was less cool each time I had to ring the bell, especially at the end when the game makes you backtrack through towns a couple times.As I said at the start, I REALLY want to recommend this game because it is fairly unique and there were aspects I did like; but, unless they do some major overhaul on the format of the game (which would be nearly a new game at that point), I just can't recommend it."
,Recommended,243120,32168819,Posted: 3 June,all,beema,"This game is excellent, especially for only $5! I am in love with the setting, the tone, the visual styling, and even the story. The narrative is sparse, but the dialogue, where you get most of the story from, is great. It takes place in the wilderness of Colonial era Virginia. Your goal is basically to piece together what happened to the settlements there, and your antagnoists are all of the supernatural variety. It's not a horror game, but there are some horror elements to it that give it a unique feeling, as the closest gameplay comparison might be to a Far Cry style shooter. There are some mechanics and other aspects that could stand to be either more fleshed out or refined (eg stealth, enemy AI, navigation, weapon systems). The combat and environments get a little samey after a while, but those are minor complaints. I can't really find fault with things like that in a $5 game, where budget & team are obviously small. Definitely pick this up it's well worth the price."
76561197965943165,Recommended,243120,31574637,Posted: 6 May,all,Ironchef Jackaroo,"A really well made and fun indie gameLovely gfx, atmosphere, sound and lens flare to die for !"
76561197976658668,Recommended,243120,31601434,Posted: 7 May,all,ryoshenron,"I wasn't sure what to expect from this one, but I thoroughly enjoyed this game. It is a terrific semi-open-world first-person shooter/horror/adventure (it falls under a lot of different categories). It has a nice horror-esque atmosphere, lovely art design, and it has quite unique and competent FPS gameplay. How many other shooters are there that take place in the 1600s, anyway? Using muskets, flintlock pistols, and bows creates a certain type of strategic gameplay you don't see in other shooters. And on top of that, you get to find and talk to ghosts and solve their problems in a detective-like fashion, and an open wilderness environment to explore, giving you exploratory/detective adventure gameplay paired with good shooter gameplay. Plus you can collect money and buy upgraded equipment, which always adds an extra level of depth I enjoy. An all-around worthy investment of your time and money. I expected no less of former Monolith employees, though, since they made some of my all-time favorite FPS games."
76561198181634342,Recommended,243120,31701618,Posted: 12 May,all,tom_dovlekaev,"I relly liked the game, little repetitive but very interesting. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,243120,31925048,Posted: 23 May,all,Djoser,"I liked the game overall and I recommend it. Great atmosphere, beautiful story. 6 hours of fun."
,Recommended,243120,32552527,Posted: 18 June,all,Fortune Fog,"Fun, interesting, and simple.Heavy focus on stealth and a deepseeded mystery."
76561198132298668,Recommended,243120,15287007,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,TheLaughingPineapple,"I thoroughly enjoyed Betrayer in it's entirety. It serves as an amazing story set in an adventerous, thrilling, and beautiful landscape. The game is chilling, with unique ideas and great characters, all of which make you want more and more."
,Recommended,243120,30235883,Posted: 27 February,all,Wing0Black,"Abosolutely beautiful game with a great story. The gameplay can get a bit repetitive near the end, but if you can stick it out you're in for a treat."
76561198022815840,Recommended,243120,31161070,Posted: 15 April,all,Flame,"Yeah, it's good. gameplay is smooth and the world is atmospheric and the story is interesting.Pretty short, but not longer than it needed to be ."
,Recommended,243120,31165696,Posted: 15 April,all,Wendalyn McKnight,Great game love the graphics soooo scary.
76561198065441934,Recommended,243120,31141024,Posted: 14 April,all,gast128,This is a spooky game where you have to unravel a mystery at the coast of America round 1600. The game is mostly investigating and a bit shooting. Highly recommended due to the fantastic atmosphere. Be aware that the game is standard in black and white which adds to the atmosphere though you can turn the colors on.
,Recommended,243120,31224158,Posted: 18 April,all,ZoidbergPhD,"Pretty good for the price, somewhere between a looter-shooter and a ""proper"" RPG. Story is pretty compelling, if somewhat unoriginal."
76561197965396869,Recommended,243120,29215246,Posted: 12 January,all,Macdallan,"Good atmosphere, interesting use of colour and lack of colour.  There is a colour saturation slider, you can play in black and white with greys and red as your only ""colour"", or anything between that and full, bright and vibrant colours.Unique day/night cycle.  I can't say more, you just have to trust me on this one.Lots of stories unfold during the game.  Again, I can't say more without risk of ruining it.Fights are often challenging, even later in the game when gear has been improved.  Some surprises pop up now and again.  The game's set back when black powder weapons were getting a bit better, but armour was still in use as were bows and crossbows.  Your melee weapon never changes, but you can use several kinds of bows, firearms and crossbows.  Most use different ammo, so it's worth mixing and matching so you can maximize your ammunition.Stealth - it works.  Use it.  Or not, but be ready for a mob of enemies if you start a fight in the wrong place.  Woe to those who are unprepared.  The wind can mask your movement, and crouching keeps you low and quiet.The combat's not perfect, but it's fairly good.  Score a good long-range headshot with a bow on a nasty opponent and drop him without giving away your position, if the shot hits true and does enough damage.  It may not - there's a ricochet mechainc, as in certain weapons have a chance to bounce off anything that has armour.  Some weapons bounce a lot, some never.  You've got lots of options for weapons, and trinkets that boost your health, speed, reload speed, stealth, and a few other things but you're limited to 3 equipped so you have to tailor them to your play style.  No levels, or stats, but improved gear makes a big difference.Guns make noise.  Expect enemies to come running if they're fairly close when you fire.  Enemies can alert other enemies, too... so if you don't finish them off fast anyone in earshot might come running to their aid.Anyway, just for the atmosphere this one's worth it.  A pretty solid 8/10.  Get this one on sale, or not, and you might be glad you did.*** EDIT ***Just finished it, the sound is what sticks with me the most.  The sound is such a huge part of the game.  Turn it up and really listen.On a small down side - too much running around near the end.  Turns into a walking simulator with a few fights thrown in.  Okay, more than a few.  But they're mostly too easy at this stage.  If the game was much longer, I'd have likely lost interest due to all the walking and re-visiting locations.  I think they got the length of the game about right given the content and story.Weapon balance - maybe needs some tweaking as to when you find the unique weapons, and maybe there are a few too many of them.  It feels like you're using junk for about the first half, but once you start finding the good weapons the combat gets way, way easier.  I'd like to see the items rebalanced a bit, and doled out at a different pace - a bit slower and spread out a bit more.  I found a very powerful weapon way too early and it really made one-one-one fights a joke from that point on.  One shot every time execpt for the large Conquistadors and the toughest Skulls.It felt like your character gets just a bit too good near the end, even the bigger fights near the end feel like they aren't very tough - and I only threw explosives once but I didn't need to.  I guess it's because of the healing mechanic - you can drink all four shots quickly and they work instantly.  You still have to be somewhat careful, but the early to mid-game was more challenging.  I guess I'm saying it could use a bit of a re-balance, but only a little.  It's not bad enough that it *needs* to be changed, it simply could be and I think it would make the game even better.Worth every cent, though.  Thanks Steam Sales. :)"
76561198045954788,Recommended,243120,31521661,Posted: 3 May,all,Tentacle_Pip,It was something else in a good way. The setting was awesome and creepy. Short but very good :)
76561198042683816,Recommended,243120,31522092,Posted: 3 May,all,moonfairy182008,"I really really enjoy this game! The graphics are really nice! And I love how they made it so it can be black and white with important items red or change it to full color! The only complaints I have is that I am used to games like Skyrim for example that when they give you a compass you are able to see where enemies are located on the compass. They don't do it in this game. Which is a real shame because although it makes the game that much harder and I guess true to life, it is a video game and most games have this feature. Also, not crazy about how if you get shot twice by the Spaniards you die. Now I did leave it on medium difficulty which is the default when you start the game, but still. Other than those two things I think for an Indie game it was really well done and I hope to see more games created by Blackpowder Games! Plus, the price outweighs the content of the game. The music and graphics and the story are pulling me in and I love that it has controller support! Buy this game! Or at least check out the demo!!!!"
76561198288682757,Recommended,243120,31488708,Posted: 1 May,all,unclepolymer,"A truly one of a kind game with atmospheric graphics, chilling music, unforgiving enemies and a rich and twisted storyline."
,Recommended,243120,32580113,Posted: 19 June,all,Gettys63,"This game are incredible and unique game! You can choose either color or black and white gameplay! Lots of corruptions to investigates and solves it for wraiths! I'm not gonna tell you anymore about this game, you have to buy it and find out by yourself!"
76561198011519800,Recommended,243120,32213057,Posted: 5 June,all,Cocalin,"All in all, it was a fun little experience. Atmospheric, a good mystery (that remains mysterious), and kept me engrossed for a few hours. I loved the setting but it could benefit from exploring it a little more, though I understand that it was a focused indie game. Worth a try if you want something a little different."
76561198016684317,Not Recommended,243120,32412706,Posted: 14 June,all,nooboftheforest,"Fun for a bit, spooky for a bit but VERY repetitive.The quests are pretty much fetch quests. To finish the game you have to do all of these, meaning returning to earlier areas.The stealth is♥♥♥♥♥♥so I never used it, apart from that the combat is alright."
,Recommended,243120,32384515,Posted: 13 June,all,Grim Gravy,"Time for me to beat: about 12 hours. (Which was a perfect amount of time...the repetitive nature of the game would have been awful had it gone on for more than 15 hours.)Controlling: Keyboard and mouseMotionsickness: Pretty good! Experienced none at all. Probably due to being out in the open forests rather than confined in buildings.Bugs: on the last map there was some weirdness with text not making sense (Ex. Went to open a chest, but instead it said it was the port to the next map (or something of that ilk). Ex. Description says its a torn rag, but the image was a musket load. Not sure if it was bugs or spirit world. Not a game breaker.First of all,YES it is black and white game with hints of red to identify important items. If you don't like b&w YES you can change it to colour (if you really want to). Although I'm not intirely sure why the developers portrayed it as a black and white game. Personally, I found the black and white very straining on my eyes and had to switch to colour.So you play a person who ends up in old North America and investigates suspicious things. Talk to ghosts. Find out their history. Stealthily kill demons/zombies/evil spirits. In the end, figure out why the lands are so corrupted. There are so many NPCs it was a bit difficult to keep track. Luckily (perhaps), the game does the thinking for you. So there is really no need to use your brain at all. The game does all the investigating for you. yay.The weapons are all range weapons. short bow, long bow, crossbow, pistol, musket. Throwable: tomahawk and explosives.The short and long bow were the quickest to use. Since this story takes place in old North America, you will find yourself cursing your crossbow, pistol and muskets reloading time. You can melee an enemy, but even up close the enemies are quite deadly. I personally relied on my long bow (for walking long distances and sniping enemies) and my crossbow, pistol and musket for everything else. You can only have 3 weapons equipped at a time. Throwables are always equipped.So there actually IS a story. You just need to read your way through it. (No voice acting at all.)Regarding the stealth... well, for the most part you can sneak around, but some of the creatures are super sensitive and they will catch you, resulting in a fight. Fortunately, you can recover almost all your arrows. (I found the arrow and bolt weapons invaluable for stealth.) By the time I was half way through the maps, I got the hang of stealth and snipering every bloody creature I could find. It was satisfying.The environtment had an Elder Scrolls kind of feel to it. Which was nice.The game is pretty much the same thing over and over in each map, so it is a tad redundant.As for the end... it is open to interpretation.It was an incredibly abrupt ending! I had to do a bit of online researching to see what other people thought of it. Also to see if there was an alternative ending...which there doesn't appear to be.Personally, I enjoyed the game. At times it was challenging. Other times, it was just a lot of running around the maps.There were a couple jump scares. Don't expect huge battles. I do recommend it. Just don't expect mindblowing."
,Recommended,243120,32362273,Posted: 12 June,all,Banana Warlock,Indie Skyrim
,Recommended,243120,32261213,Posted: 7 June,all,Linny,"I highly recommend this game!I love the amazing artstyle (I personally love the grayscale), the very interesting plotline with the npcs, most of the free roaming, and I love the soundtrack as well!However, I would enjoy less invisible walls around certain rocks (all the better for sniping and scouting) AND more options for gaining in-game moneys."
76561197970879934,Recommended,243120,32724399,Posted: 24 June,all,GoofballDT,"Realy enjoyed playing this game.It has a gothic feel to it.You can turn the colour up, so in daylight you get to see all the bright colours of the forest.The plant life moves well when the wind picks up.Easy controls, not haveing to remember different combo's is good.I had no problems running it, it ran smoothly at max setting and I would say mine is a midway spec PC.It's open world, you have to open the way to the next section, but you can wander around the section your in how you like."
76561198254982066,Recommended,243120,32298342,Posted: 9 June,all,ptolemai,for the price its very goood
,Recommended,243120,33478141,Posted: 12 July,all,Atomic_OVR_dose,"I have had this game on my wishlist for a long time now. I could never seem to pull the trigger and buy it. When it was on sale I snagged it up super cheap and I was very surprised at the overall quality. It looks decent, plays well enough and it has pulled me into the mystery and made me want to keep playing to find out whats going on. To be honest, I would have been more than happy paying full price!"
,Recommended,243120,33463776,Posted: 11 July,all,SCOOTY BOOTY PATOOTY,It's ok.
76561198001076060,Recommended,243120,33475808,Posted: 12 July,all,Tomcat0815,"Steam client ate my 2 page long review.Buy this game, it is fun, I like it."
,Recommended,243120,33558789,Posted: 15 July,all,Gulgari,"I really love the dark environment. The game can get a little repetitive towards the end but the world, and the story line make it so worth it."
,Recommended,243120,33552483,Posted: 14 July,all,Kulak,"While I somewhat expected to see them, I don't think this game is worth an overly critical review. Admittedly, it leaves some things to be desired and has a grindy mid-game, but that aside its a solid, somewhat short, and enjoyable game with a very strong atmosphere. It is very basic as far as gameplay but has some really cool and original graphical/character elements to keep it interesting. While it's obvious this wasn't intended to be an epic journey or a spawling adventure with deep mechanics, the story is interesting and is told in an unconventional way, and the areas are still pretty roomy. There is enough content to create the world that Betrayer wanted to create, and for what it is, it's pretty cool and creepy. As far as that goes, the game is definitely worth $4.99, and especially worth it if you can get it on sale. Thanks for the experience Blackpowder Games :)"
,Recommended,243120,33762562,Posted: 24 July,all,sethavidh,"I really like this game. The atmosphere of the 17th century colonial life is very well done. You will probably notice the era-appropriate weapons such as a musket and a pistol with long reload time. Enemies are quite varied too from highly visible conquistadors, hidden natives that use hit-and-run tactics, and ghosts that appear suddenly and attack quickly.You can play the game with frontal assualt or sneaky kill style. But knows that there are some places that force you to duke it out with the enemies (such as some scripted massive attack). You can choose what happens when you die, e.g. just respawn with everything or dropped inventory that you have to retrieve. You can also choose how deadly the enemies are. So overall I am pleased with the battle in this game.Many people review the gameplay as clue hunting and talking to ghosts, which is true. But I do like the script about many murders or tragedies faced by these ghosts. I especially love the way any ghost tell you a story, which is a part of the truth that easily mislead you. Until you find more clues and talk to other ghosts that you can put together what really happened. I appreciate the effort, however, I think the delivery of the stories are somewhat lackluster -- just press F to get the shining clues and run back to talk. It lacks involvement of the player. And this form of partial truth is used in almost every story, so it can become repetitive.8/10 for me."
,Recommended,243120,10778438,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,HaraDaya,"Not actually a horror game despite what it looks like. It's more eerie, alienating, and often tense. There's no soundtrack, no voice acting. This game is all about sound. You use it for locating both enemies and objectives. And it delivers the most authentic feeling of creeping through a forest I've tried in a game yet. It's dense with varied amount of bushes and tall grass. There's bushes that can't simply be walked through as if they weren't there, creating a varied terrain of obstacles. There no sounds but the sounds of nature. Gusts of winds stirring the whole scene.You try to uncover the mystery of the unknown lands you've stranded on. Why are there beasts in Spaniard armor roaming the forest? Why do you suddenly see ghosts when ringing the camp bell?All the weapons carry enough punch to be satisfying. Enemies recoil and slump to the ground, while letting out a growl that echoes through the forest when hit by the finishing blow. And usually it'll be a calculated shot, allowed by careful creeping and observing.Instead of giving you HUD markers guiding you, you have ""pinging/listening"". The points of interest emit a ghastly sound, and you point yourself towards it. It can be quite unnerving looking into the blurred-out distance, knowing that sound is telling you to go there.Definitely play this game with a good stereo headset, the 3D sound is great and immersive, and big part of the gameplay.The black&white visuals are pretty cool, but can become tedious. Luckily there's sliders for colors and black&white intensity levels right on the pause screen. So if you really want to, you can play it in color."
,Recommended,243120,34023724,Posted: 4 August,all,The kominsk,"this was a good game, for the first couple of hours and now i cant even launch the game. it launches shows the developer stuff and then crashes. i loved the game, but i need some help fixing it."
76561198051771030,Recommended,243120,34112539,Posted: 8 August,all,Iccotak,"It's $5 for a game that can provide 10 hours worth of content. If you do everything, but still.The combat is hard and actually requires you to think and strategize when confronting enemies. Which is why it is rewarding when you have the top tier weapons, and gear set-up, to wipe the floor with them.The story is engaging and I honestly could not put the game down until I solved all the mysteries, esspecially that of the main story.I recommend to not touch the color settings for your first playthrough. The visuals set the mood and help you prioritize.Changing the color is the only thing that slightly gives Betrayer re-play value. Probably best to play once and then a year or two later."
,Recommended,243120,30604291,Posted: 18 March,all,BOT Heinrich Kramer,"Rare survival horror game with dark atmosphere.For newcomers, I strongly recommend stick with black n white colors, it helps detect enemies far away. The inhabitants are a bit dumb (speachless) so prepare to read a lot.- THERE IS NO PORT FOR LINUX+ outstanding sound design+ minimalistic adventure+ great setting menu+ stealth elements+ interesting story+ dynamic foliagePS: tracking indians (their ghosts) on sound and backstabbing them, sitting in ambush, is the most satisfying part of the gameplay yet."
76561197986160636,Recommended,243120,34270053,Posted: 15 August,all,Random_Killer312,"I got stuck, and just cant' seem to care enough to finish this one. I'll give it a positive review because it was fun, I just think maybe more guidance between missions would make it more captivating to me before I get bored and pick up something eles. As is get this one on sale."
76561198007091262,Not Recommended,243120,34278471,Posted: 16 August,all,Jason,A forgettable experience.  Lackluster gameplay and tediousness that would put most survival games to shame.  The quests amounted to nothing more than very simple and somewhat predictable stories.  I feel completely ripped off.
76561198090899901,Recommended,243120,34427239,Posted: 22 August,all,ShinraVeteran,"An eerie atmospheric first-person adventure game set in the early american days with spaniards, colonialist and natives. The game puts you through empty forts and villages letting you discover what happened in this part of the world where you are stranded. With the power to travel between the worlds and a rather charming companion Betrayer nails it in terms of an uneasy yet curious world to discover. Before talking about the overall combat in this game I just wanted to commend the devs for the best wind in any game I have played, that breeze with headsets is legit asmr for me. Well, the combat in this game is very archaic, the enemy animations and sounds are laughable at points in the game. If they had improved their AI and overall movement of enemies, I would consider this game one of a kind. The emphasis of this game is of course the story and that part is very well done so that a few enemy imperfections wont be a threat to the overall quality of the game."
76561198054179940,Recommended,243120,34560542,Posted: 28 August,all,flavio-mc,The game has a nice atmosphere and fun gameplay. The setting is also something that you don't usually see in fps games. The plot is told trough text dialog and it is somewaht engaging. The main flaw of the game is that it gets repetitive relatively fast. Once you broke through the first hours there aren't many surprises left.
76561197970728391,Recommended,243120,34341758,Posted: 18 August,all,Old Man 678,"Pretty awesome game. You start off on a beach, apparently shipwrecked. As you move forward, you see a soldier in the distance. The closer you get, you soon realise this isn't a soldier but something else. And they attack you. 7 different areas to explore and as you do story starts to unfold. Your goal is to figure out the story, and along the way as you find tombstones, wraiths, and other clues, you are continually attacked and must cleanse the totems so you can advance to the next area. Very challenging game and some beautiful scenery. The sounds of the forest (locust and other critters) and the way the wind sounds and blows through the tress and bushes makes you feel as though you are there. Quite well done with alot of stuff to do. And when you have to ring the bell and turn day to night, it gets pretty damn creepy. This game gave me the chills.I definitely recommend this game. Well done."
,Recommended,243120,34767416,Posted: 5 September,all,Lieutenant Raepfist,"At first, I really wasn't sure about this game. It's nothing too complex, but over time it grew on me quite a bit. During a Steam sale, I bought it for only $1.58. It was DEFINITELY worth the money to me. Of course, this game is not for everyone. Here are some of my thoughts:-The graphics will be very strange at first to most people. Luckily, you can alter the lighting and color to suit your preference. Do not judge it until you walk away from the beach into the forest. It will always look strange at the beach. I can tolerate the game in its original state, but I prefer to set it to ""Dark Intensity: 1.8, Light Intensity: 1.5, Saturation: 0.8."" If you add color, it will resemble the non-snowy parts of Skyrim.-There are interesting weapons such as 17th century pistols, muskets, crossbows, longbows, shortbows, tomahawks, and explosives (basically grenades).-This game consists of two worlds. They take place in the same areas, but one is much darker with undead and friendly ghosts that tell you twisted stories. Occasionally, the undead make me jump when they pop out and scream. lol. The devs did an excellent job at creating a spooky environment.-There are only forests. Don't expect any sort of weather or climate changes at any point.-There isn't much variation in enemy type unfortunately, but some of the creatures are fascinating. In the normal world, the enemies you encounter sound like animals. You'll swear you hear a bear, but when you get around the corner, it's just a massive dude in medieval armor. It makes no sense, but my god does it make me laugh.-If you can't handle walking a lot, you may not like this game. There is a fast travel system, but there is still plenty of time you'll be on foot.-If you can't stand reading a lot, you probably will not like this game. There is no voice acting, and you shouldn't expect it for this price. It doesn't matter to me though. Reading is good for you.-Throughout the game, you'll be looking for chests, clues, letters, graves, and digspots. You don't get a shovel until quite a way into the game, so you'll have to do some backtracking eventually. They're marked on the map, but you can remove them. When you enter The Otherworld, you'll have to search for corrupted totems. Sometimes, you just have to walk up to them to purify them. Other times, enemies will spawn, and you must kill them all.-There are 3 different difficulties. They only affect enemy damage though.-If you want to it be even more difficult, you can tick the option to make it when you die, you drop your equipment. If you die again before picking it up, it's gone forever. It sounds terrible to me, but I'm glad the option is there for hardcore players.-You do not get to see your character or customize their appearance in any way.-Not the best performance in certain areas unless most of the settings are on low. This is with a GTX 970 FTW+, i7 2600k, and 16GB RAM.-You make a lot of money; it's kinda ridiculous. I had much more than enough by the time I reached the end of the game.-There's a thin white line on the top and left sides of the screen. I haven't found any fixes online. Perhaps it's not something everyone gets.-Rarely, I get stuck by a tree or a random place in the terrain. It only happened 2 or 3 times throughout the playthrough. Oh well. I didn't encounter any other bugs.If it sounds interesting to you even slightly, you should pick it up when you get the chance."
,Recommended,243120,34672931,Posted: 1 September,all,0rb!tal,5 dollars for a great open world that is actually FUN and has a good story
76561198121334224,Recommended,243120,34675157,Posted: 1 September,all,jakerussell17,"not bad. for the price it's amazing but the price is very low so the game isn't a ""phenomenal groundbreaking experience"". It is cool and has neat layersand elements that are truly its own. Ya i recommend it"
,Recommended,243120,34696667,Posted: 2 September,all,Bassem,"Great concept, okay execution. You explore area after area, collecting loot, upgrading your gear, stealthing around supernatural enemies (or going all out on them) and coming across graves and their shadowy occupants, helping them move on with small quests.Once you finish an area, you unlock the next. There is some back and forth but it mostly keeps you going forward. Along the way, you slowly unlock the mystery of what happened to this small region of the New World to turn it into this twisted place of shadows.The game was made on a small budget and I think they've done a great job within their limits. It looks fine - and with the default monochrome scheme looks great - it sounds amazing, the music and audio is the game's highlight for sure, the story is just interesting enough, and the gameplay is... well, I think that's the weak point of the game.The gameplay gets old and samey pretty quickly. I think it's more fun playing this as a stealth game, because once enemies find you they'll just make a beeline for you and you'll realise how underworked the AI and combat is. The thing is, sometimes enemies pop up around you and you're forced into a fight.But for the asking price, it's definitely worth playing. It's a few hours of light engagement, and I have a thing for games that set a small scope and work hard at being good games within it."
76561197971656201,Recommended,243120,34788723,Posted: 6 September,all,Hobie-wan,"A game in which you do a lot of sneaking, dispatching foes, uncovering the story little bits at a time, and finding out what a bunch of dirtbags most of these 17th century Virginia colonists were. It's an interesting web of intrigue once all the pieces are there.Some might tire of doing more or less the same thing in each area, though the enemies do change a bit as you go along. there are a few times that the difficulty suddenly spikes and you're dealing with a large group of enemies with a boss at the same time. This can be pretty drastic as you usually only have to deal with 1-3 regular enemies at a given time while exploring. Then you'll start finding the more powerful weapons and it will get much easier again. For me the most difficult fight was in the middle of the game before the top tier weapons were available.Not a perfect game by any means, but an enjoyable time if you like sneaking and reading bits of story punctuated with some fractic fights,Just a side node, I chose the reticle that was the double lined cross and eventually realized that the target was actually at the top center, not the middle of the crosshair. I'm not sure if the default is ok or if any others are off. Perhaps that might save someone else some frustration at why they keep missing headshots on unalerted targets with your bows, which I recommend sticking to."
